  huh , that 's news to me . 
  why exactly athens ? 
  i 'll believe this argument when we have a clear flow of money in and out of ee countries . 
  for example : i work for a western company , account in a german bank , mobile provider is british and do 99 % of my grocery shopping in french or german stores . 
  ( my car is japanese :p ) also your definition of community of solidarity is funny : `` you have to take'em because i welcomed them and now i 'm about to get fucked '', 
  you should ask maybe in / r/russia since not so many people here have experience on getting a schengen visa . 
  also `` other non eu '' is vague - are we talking of north korea or usa ? 
  anyway , by visiting the webpage of any embassy you will see the necessary paperwork for different types of visas . 
  for work visa you need to have a signed contract with a eu company so definitely harder . 
  wow , this is the most polite ad-hominem passive aggressive piece of text i read recently . 
  can i quote you ? 
   social media portal like reddit the last this link was submitted first time two hours ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/besteurope/comments/42mi1j/woman_stabbed_to_death_in_swedish_refugee_facility/ the swedish source was submitted 7 hours ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42l2wi/female_employee_in_swedish_refugee_camp_stabbed/ disclaimer : this is not a meta comment . 
  i am just answering to his question . 
  at least they promised they will lie in order to get elected  also free beer and eternal life for hungarians . 
  if lmp has a chance of getting into parliament i 'll surely vote for mkkp - otherwise for lmp ( not because i like them but a parliament with fidesz , jobbik and some socialists wo n't be pretty ) . 
  no , and not because they control media but because there is no viable alternative . 
   greece is correctly calling bullshit on the eu 's promises and refusing to turn itself into a giant migrant camp . 
  agree - but if germany gets full , greece will become a giant camp ( domino effect ) - i hope they have some plans in this situation . 
  could had found something else for bucharest to make it less confusing with budapest , 
  i agree with you - but watching things in context ( i.e. 
  rest of comments ) ... 
  thanks for bringing some reason into discussion . 
  no problemo - i also wish i 'll die on mars - and not due to the landing impact  ) ), 
  when orban ( i still hate him ) said 6 months ago : `` europe is rich and weak '' everyone scolded us ... edit : ca n't psell, 
  that 's why i said that the bfr will have double the lift of saturn . 
  ( not falcon heavy - sorry for misunderstanding ) source : http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2016/01/ksc-meeting-sls-scrambling-manifest-plan/, 
  mi casa is fine thanks - from daily orban `` the migration path can go wherever it wants but that 'll not gon na be via hungary ''  what bugs me most is that in europe we do n't have * any private companies coming even close to feats like spacex pulls . 
  * the danes at suborbital are wicked good !, 
  man , we have issues with the 3b promised to turkey ... that 's why i 'm all in for the moonar outpost first - it can get money more incrementally as opposed to an all out mars mission . 
  falcon heavy is the second iteration towards bfr ( aka : big fucking rocket ) - that should have twice the capacity of saturn v. even double dv will not be enough for a mars mission ( including landing and return ) - fh will be used as a workhorse for in orbit refuel/other stuff . 
  check out / r/spacex , is full of threads debating this , 
   neither does nasa but they are working on it - the new program got financed . 
  also spacex ( us company ) start talking concepts ( falcon heavy and bfr ) . 
   it 's not that much more difficult to find the money for esa than for nasa in nasa has to convince one parliament , esa has to convince 28 , 
  yes i meant fission  but we can use fission reactors for ion thrusters ( and solar panels ) ... 
  what has one do with the other ? 
  during the trip , solar panels should be more than enough . 
  once on mars they can use small ~ ~ fusion ~ ~ fission reactors ( like the ones on nuclear ships ) . 
  also the fusion reactor in france - if we manage to be the first ones offering commercial fusion that 'll be awesome . 
  that 'd be nice but we do n't have the capability i.e. 
  a big enough rocket . 
  also it would be next to impossible to secure funding - i remember reading somewhere the bill would be ~ 100b eur . 
  having a moon base ( as discussed previously ) will be also hypercool imo ,, 
   also will this affect the debate about immigration in europe ? 
  it really depends . 
  if those clouds come from a war zone they should receive asylum as per cloud conventions . 
  also why the fuck is the media presenting only the tiny clouds or families when we know that 70 % of them are male clouds and quite angry . 
  honestly , i believe most of them are just economic migrant clouds just waiting to wet themselves over here . 
  great - let 's blame euro/eu for everything . 
  the recession was not cause by euro but by banks , and the previous one was the tech bubble and we had the oil bubble in the 70 's and we 'll probably have a chinese one soon . 
  my point : in any crisis the poor get to bear the worse of it . 
  do n't blame it on a dang currency . 
  i lived through times of hyperinflation and trust me , it 's even worse for the poor . 
  as for the cap - at least the eu tries to do something about it unlike us . 
   the eu is killing greek people , killing portugese people , killing spaniards , it 's killing a fuckton of people in the third world . 
  care to open up a bit ? 
   as a swede , you could simply move to eastern europe . 
  he could n't handle our drinking habits - i mean what sane person restricts itself to drink only on week-end !? 
  beer is also refereed sometimes as `` liquid bread '' in hungary . 
  my fb feed has now plenty of memes with postman demanding the government forbids e-mail and hookers demanding closure of tinder , 
  highly probable, 
   yet silencing people will only send negative sentiments into the underground , where they will fester and rot into an even more disgusting form . 
  apparently western leaders learnt nothing from communism when one could get to jail for saying a joke against the regime as `` enemy of the people '' . 
  guess what , even in a world without internet and with a 100 % controlled media news were getting around anyway - i talk to someone whom heard something , etc. 
  any measure blocking the free flow of information will just add water to the rumor mill . 
  good luck controlling that . 
  once the rumors start being heavily divergent to the official message , people loose all trust in said message . 
  also mandatory reference to 1984, 
  please show me one article on the main page with a right wing source ... also i did n't upvote nor downvote because i ca n't find any relevance for this article . 
  the wage effect can not be extrapolated for the future while the newspapers ( left or right ) over-blowing things is not exactly news . 
  here is good for offline maps - like when you go abroad . 
  waze is best in budapest - took me once in 35 min from 15 ` th to 11 ` th district on a friday afternoon . 
  works fine except 1 in 20 when it gives me really weird routes ( took me once up to the top of the budaors hill for some reason ) . 
  in hungary , the mandatory insurance is to pay for damage i cause - to my knowledge it 's invalid if the person who caused an accident was drunk or under drugs . 
  moreover , in budapest , uber drivers have some additional insurance . 
  who is the locals - the taxi drivers ? 
   is that motor vehicles and services around them should be regulated . 
  they are  that 's why we have mandatory vehicle insurance and mandatory technical revisions ( where they also check the pollution ) - also getting a driving license in europe is much harder than in the states . 
   maybe you are an anarchist . 
  i 'm center-right ( liberal ) from economic perspective actually . 
  what bugs me most is the fixed price which means no competition . 
  let 's frame the debate a bit differently : 1 . who benefits most from uber ? 
  imo entire population 2 . 
  do you think the government should grant monopoly to a certain group of people or prioritize the interest of the general public ? 
  also what will the drivers do when we 'll have self driving cars ? 
  demonstrate for forbidding those ? 
  they are self employed just like pretty much all official taxi drivers - uber is just an enabler . 
  so , same question applies regardless . 
   i assuming it because the uber driver avoid to pay the starting fees ... 
  sorry to ask but did you ever used uber ? 
  here is a cp from my last trip : fare breakdown ** base fare ** 380 distance 960 subtotal ft1 ,580 charged personal xxxxxxx ft1 ,580  but those regulations ensured a better quality service for the customer this point is moot though - what is that registered taxis have and uber does n't to warrant a claim that they have `` better quality '' ? 
  ( except for uniform color - which i consider a nuisance ) . 
   uber drivers easily can . 
  and that 's the job of nav ( tax authority ) since all uber transactions are electronic it 's way easier to catch them - i did n't see electricians or plumbers protesting . 
   regulating one that consists of people making profit off public infrastructure really makes sense to me . 
  so shall we have a monopoly on trucking/freight delivery with one single price set by the government ? 
  - and in case of hungary only one type of truck allowed ( which entirely by accident is distributed by someone close to the government ) . 
  in europe ~ 60 % of gas price is some tax - so the more km you drive the more tax you pay - there is not much of a free ride ( except for people on bicycles  ), 
  wrt to quality : prior to the new idiotic regulation i knew that i can call city if i wanted good quality or taxi2000 if i wanted a no thrill ride from a to b. 
  so , according to you if the authorities declare that all taxis must be limos at 5000huf/km that 's ok because it 's top quality .
