  otherwise we can explore medieval europe . 
  another idea i had was to explore the decision of joining the allies by italy in the first world war . 
  ca n't we have all of this ?? 
   great posts btw , thanks !, 
  she got no punishment , only probation ... this means that if she does something illegal during this 3 years , the judge will decide on a punishment - which 'll be most probably a fine . 
  it depends , i mean we have on a weekly bases news of aggressive people being arrested/looked after e.g. 
   hate fueled attack . 
  actually the judge decided there was not enough evidence to sustain this . 
  ( that would have implied a harsher sentence ) . 
   two refugees accidentally ran into her , some time after she noticed them again and kicked them huh - where is this info from ? 
  people broke the police cordon and ran away she was on the path and the started kicking . 
  got it and agree with you . 
  what do you mean , lazar janos is `` a minisztereln\u00f6ks\u00e9get vezet\u0151 miniszter '' ( head of prime minister 's office ?? ), 
  - that 's not senior ? 
  at least where i read it , in hungarian media ( index.hu ) - they call it light sentencing ... 
  it 's 3 years probation , not 3 y suspended sentence . 
  that means if for 3 years she does n't do anything illegal then it wo n't even be on her record . 
   is a stupid addition no offence meant , sorry if it came down that way - but i really did n't get it why you keep using it . 
   if we push on their borders too much with a hostile force man , you certainly love the word `` push '' . 
  in the region the only country who actually pushed their borders is russia - in moldova , georgia and ukraine ( not nato btw ) . 
  reality is that for every nato soldier or tank close to the border , russia has 10 . 
  why is a nato soldier in a nato country a provocation whereas 10 russian soldiers in russia is not ? 
   push through instead what on earth push trough means ? 
  again - you think us will attack russia ? 
   russia do n't like this and i think that 's fair to say it 's also fair to tell russia to fuck off . 
  poland and baltics have all the rights to decide what troops they allow on their dang independent territory - i mean us troops there are not uninvited . 
   america would not allow russian troops in mexico drop me a call when that 'll happen - until then it 's whataboutism ; what do you think 'll happen in such event , us will nuke mexico ? 
  ( i doubt it ) . 
   why do we allow nato to push the borders unnecessarily huh ? 
  what borders - i mean this troops are well within nato 's borders and certainly do n't push anything - unless you think someone will attack russia with 3500 troops and 85 tanks ... 
  smart post . 
  imo is a combination of 1 and 2 + a politician ( unless named trump ) can not make a u turn overnight and say : `` hey , remember when i was taking selfies with refugees ? 
  screw that , let 's send them to a guantanamo like place instead '' . 
  also any politician is aware of the law of unintended consequences - as long as their support stays up it 's risky business to shake the jar and do something drastic because they ca n't predict what 'll come up out of it . 
  first at all , happy new year !, 
    2-3000 people a day were the total for europe . 
  no , the link i sent you was filtered for arrivals in greece only . 
  the number is probably higher ) - that 's why i linked arrivals in greece , easier to count people arriving on 3 islands than over a 150km long border . 
   which would have left you with a very significant number of refugees compared to your population size . 
  we would had closed the border as well immediately + moving all migrants on our territory in the open camps next to austrian border . 
  unlike austria - which at that time were busy bashing us for the fence , we were actively working to protect the whole border ( said fence ) . 
   i was mainly talking about european leaders , but alright . 
  which ones ? 
  you had two poles : merkel and v4 basically . 
  here you go : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_democracy as of accusations , at least for hungary all they do is parroting the same thing again and again . 
  probably it means we 're full already or something . 
  my fb feed claims this was the inspiration : https://s3.amazonaws.com/lowres.cartoonstock.com/-money-angela_merkel-german_economy-rescue_fund-debt-bron2572_low.jpg, 
   so much as willful perfidious tolerance and indifference to ` exploitation ' or ` underhanded thievery ' going on here so it 's now eu 's fault that you have bad laws which allow this or what ? 
  if anything you should kiss eu 's ass for pushing really hard on the anti-corruption ; otherwise you 'd be singing of magnificent leader nastase . 
   presumably if they had their own currencies ( and never joined the euro ) it 'd be in their own currency , no ? 
  not necessarily - loans in own currency have higher premiums due to increased risk . 
  for example , in hungary the government hailed as a great achievement that this year only ~ 1/3 of our debt is in foreign currency . 
  but for example in case of greece , the premiums were huge even in eur - i doubt anyone would had bought drachmas if they would had been reintroduced . 
   they 're a good thing . 
  if greece , spain , and italy could have their currencies devalue they 'd be doing a lot better right now . 
  it depends on what currency most of your debt is though . 
  comrade , in soviet russia there are no fake news only reality who needs some convincing . 
  you can believe what you want , that was not the point of the article . 
  this article was about the guardian engaged on character assassination based on lies . 
  they themselves retracted the most ridiculous parts but not before it was re-tweeted to world and dog . 
  did you also read this part ? 
   this article was amended on 29 december to remove a sentence in which it was asserted that assange `` has long had a close relationship with the putin regime '' . 
  a sentence was also amended which paraphrased the interview , suggesting assange said `` there was no need for wikileaks to undertake a whistleblowing role in russia because of the open and competitive debate he claimed exists there '' . 
  it has been amended to more directly describe the question assange was responding to when he spoke of russia 's `` many vibrant publications '' . 
  is stefania marurizi also nitpicking ? 
   @ggreenwald i am completely furious about how my interview with julian #assange has been distorted and strumentalised  @dandrezner this is completely false : julian #assange never ever declared that in my interview edit : also  thank you @ggreenwald and @theintercept for reestablishing facts about my interview w / @wikileaks founder , #assange :, 
  but then how do you handle from a legal perspective turning away at the border ? 
   hungarian ... fascism lolwut ? 
  it was even more than that . 
  nepotism meant one was given a managerial position - and let 's remember , all of the economy belong to the state - to which he had no clue . 
  also everybody had a job indeed , but it could easily happen that the job allocated was on the other side of the country and also lead to a lot of people basically being paid to do nothing - i heard the following saying of those times from a romanian friend `` we pretend we work , you pretend you pay '' . 
   through hungary in march-may already . 
   source on these numbers ? 
  i would call those into question . 
  crap , i remembered wrongly . 
  2-3000 people were in july-august . 
  still plenty of time to react ( till september ) - especially when trends were going only up . 
  source : https://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=83 ( you might need to tweak your browser to allow the unsafe script ) . 
   it 's not about 2,000 people the media was also very manipulative - i remember when 100 + volunteers came from austria to save syrian woman and children - some returned empty because all they could find was afghani man . 
  also trust me - as long as the border to austria was open we were doing fine  well , i disagree . 
  you can also `` push '' leadership in politics . 
  of course you can `` push '' although i 'd call that management . 
  but the ultimate test is `` is the push effective '' ? 
  no it was n't . 
   there are more people than herself to blame for that failure . 
  the person who sent the dang tweet wrt syrians for sure . 
  whereas hungary was indeed less developed than czech and austria i would n't call it agrarian . 
  on another hand , as you say , czech was one of the most developed parts of the empire and still , during commie times they fell in the underdeveloped category . 
  also let 's not forget the `` great equalizer '' aka ww2 - half of europe was in ruins ... communism , by nature can not compete with capitalism ( as we also saw from the fall of cccp ) due to centralized economy & 5 year plan ( veeery inefficient ) and lack of private enterprise ( killing innovation and entrepreneurship ) . 
  it 's no coincidence that hungary was better off than most of our neighbors in '89 - after '56 the kadar regime allowed for very small enterprises . 
   does n't get worse by being a foreigner . 
  it does from a moral perspective - it 's like a guest misbehaving in your home ; you are completely right about justitia . 
  i would n't call them kids , maybe teenagers . 
  also lolek & bolek and the russian one `` nu zaiec nu pagadi '' , sry , do n't know to write it properly . 
  at least hungary certainly did n't drift away in xvi century - since we were part of austro hungarian empire . 
  also i 'm not buying this drifting away - how would you explain the stark differences ddr-gdr then ? 
  not to mention that until ww1 the local elites were usually educated abroad ( mostly in france but not only ) . 
  that 's like comparing a pneumonia with a cold saying they are both sicknesses  in your case belonging to a higher class gives you access to better education and connections i.e. 
  you will become more competent , increasing the chances of getting a good job . 
  in early commie times , being educated was actually a disadvantage - there are countless examples where directors or party leaders were uneducated farmers .
