   as far as i understand it was in the users private userpage they just deleted the very public post of norway 's pm - not censorship either ? 
   still i dont believe facebook is obliged to show everything , its a private company . 
  scary if you think that many people take most of their news from fb . 
  also at least in france they are being sued for not allowing a nude painting . 
  and them having the right to remove stuff does n't makes it less censorship . 
  by this logic facebook deciding to remove this pic from their own site it 's not censorship either . 
  honestly i think/hope/dream of all european pms posting this in sign of solidarity . 
  and an eu inquiry . 
  i have troubles finding words . 
  the prime minister of norway gets censored ? 
  wtf , will they also ban the piles of naked bodies from nazi death camps ? 
  also got ta love american media puritanism : man jumping from a building streamed live is absolutely ok . see a boob and everyone freaks out . 
   easterlings i probably should got offended but dang it , i laughed . 
  and that 's how stereotypes about german perfectionism are perpetuated   unblended whisky manufactured in scotland i do n't understand why then ca n't they define champagne as sparkling wine manufactured in champagne ... 
  if he 'd be as tough as he was with greece , uk will double their contribution just to be allowed to stay out of eu and start driving on the correct side of the road < - j/k, 
  i take it you do n't mind scotch whisky made in usa then . 
   yet within sight , sound , and stink of these things men and women were murdered by the agents of the state , perhaps because they had told an unwise joke about the regime , perhaps for no reason at all ...  ... 
  the trouble is , almost nobody has seen them . 
  the east remembers !, 
  i stand corrected - thanks . 
  even more humorous one would have been schlaube ... 
   lithuanian ~ ~ greek . ~ ~ lithuanian indeed . 
  clear now . 
  the article talks about rise of nationalist parties which usually get associated with righ or extreme right . 
  when you said right-wing i did n't knew if you refer to those or to epp members for example . 
   but ca n't she just say she was helping the police catch illegal immigrants ? 
  that would n't help her under hungarian law . 
  only police is allowed to beat people and only in certain circumstances . 
  so you are saying that cdu & co ruined everything ? 
  - i just try to figure out who is the `` right-wing '' you are referring to . 
   got ta give the right-wing great credit . 
  they ruin everything and idiots could you be a bit more specific ? 
  i mean most of eu is/was run by `` left '' for a decade . 
  edit : i put left in quotas because currently it 's hard to draw anymore a clear distinction left-right . 
  some parties are socially left and economically right , etc. 
   they have for decade registered partnership of homosexuals ( two points that are far away from poland , slovakia or hungary ) . 
  we have it since 1996 . 
  according to wikipedia czech republic has it since 2001 . 
  fully agree with the rest . 
   join austria for austria-hungary 2.0 hehe , i 'd wish so - realistically , maybe in 20-30 years when the economic difference will not be so big . 
   fact is at the current rate without immigration many european countries will have to completely change their system of public benefits because there will not be enough workers to support petitioners . 
  so what ? 
   if trends do n't change over half the population of hungary for example will be over the age of 55 by 2050 . 
  how can you support the standards of living people enjoy now with that kind of age distribution without importing labor ? 
  by applying policies which encourage people to make more kids . 
  not so hard . 
  and still better than creating a pyramidal game of pensions . 
   european rules widely ignored since last year state refugees must seek asylum in the first eu state in which they set foot . 
  sue greece . 
   european politicians and consumer groups remain unhappy about the limited compensation being offered to vw customers in the region compared with the u.s. , where car owners are getting as much as $ 10,000 after their car is repaired or repurchased . 
  this is one of the reasons i am against tipp : lack of class action lawsuits in europe . 
  in us - a company poisons a river : 1 million for each poisoned person . 
  in europe : slap on the wrist but as an individual feel free to sue a megacorporation . 
  ouch - does your estimate includes loss of eur passporting rights ? 
  ( to my knowledge swiss banks do n't have it ) . 
   without annulling an agreement that could cost the swiss an estimated 32 billion francs ( $ 33 billion ) a year in potential economic output holly cow , that 's huge . 
  just wandering how much a bad brexit will cost uk then ... 
   for a real common market the eu has to force every single cell phone provider in the eu to allow others to use their infrastructure . 
  you are right , here 's another aspect : the critical part of the infrastructure in terms of capacity is the aif ( air interface ) . 
  currently this is regulated ( and sold for good money ) by national governments ; forcing an operator to allow another one using its antennas will mean no operator will have any incentive to buy the frequencies . 
  rosetta will also find its resting place on the comet - there are actually some chances they end up in the sun - depends on how jupiter will influence its trajectory . 
  the comet has very low gravity - it was assumed after the harpoons failed , philae bumped for another 2 hours . 
  maybe try to land on something bigger next time . 
  also germany was the third country ( after uk and austria ) with most times being in minority in eu council in 2004-2015 so it 's definitely not accurate saying `` what she [ merkel ] says , goes ''  back then merkel did something that was extremely unpopular in germany what was it ? 
  when does the season ends - i know i ca n't take anything seriously coming from france politicians until their election is over , how about germany ? 
   the value of apple 's products and branding was mostly created in the us value is created the moment the product is sold and not when the product is created . 
  the rest of your post is very informative for someone who has n't followed the story , thanks . 
  yeah . 
  or why do you think fancy restaurants call appetizers `` hors d'oeuvre '' ? 
  no offence - but one of the drawbacks of globalization is that common things sound `` cheap '' in english and `` stylish '' in french . 
  just remember `` omlette du fromage '' ... 
  poly , something got wrong with reddit 's duplicate detection but your submission sits just on top of this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50v8z4/starbucks_amazon_pay_less_tax_than_a_sausage/ if i click on `` new '' . 
   if people do n't get the reference i admit , i have no idea of the reference . 
  what is it ? 
   law enforcement and media should report a fake attack , and see if isis claims responsibility this is actually brilliant !, 
  i 'd post it also on / r/showerthoughts ... 
  let 's test it ; could a finnish person say if they understand this `` ver vastagab mint a viz , foleg amerikaiaknak mert az ovek vajjal van toltve '' edit : spelling , thanks / u/sarkanybaby, 
  there are four words to my knowledge which sound the same : ver , viz , kez , vaj . 
  ( blood , water , hand , butter ) . 
  so far no bollocking - everyone reports about the same thing + that the hungarian consul will be involved . 
  true that , i guess he got tired of doing the `` dirty '' work and get flack both on media and diplomatic channels . 
   the principle to help people requesting asylum the amount of people requesting asylum in hungary on their own will was insignificant - for example 80 out of 10-15 000 requested asylum in austria ... so what are we talking about ? 
  hungary was forcing people for months ( with daily riots ) to register and request asylum because of schengen obligations . 
  after the unfortunate tweet we could n't had register them without violence . 
  now please tell me : is forcing people to register humanitarian ? 
   i still remember the pictures from hungarian refugee centres . 
  if you talk of rozske that was a registration center , not a refugee camp and authorities could had handle the situation better . 
  if you talk of keleti that was very similar with calais - people who do n't want to move to the official registration centers . 
   and to register the people coming into their country . 
  we did register everyone until migrants resisted being registered even by using violence ( i.e. 
  sept 5 ) . 
  also austria and germany did n't register anyone for the first day after . 
   orban would like the dublin agreement to continue now i have n't heard this - but his point is that greece is the entry point , not hungary . 
   do n't all european countries have the right to asylum enshrined in their laws ? 
  obviously , except that as i said only 0.000001 % wanted to apply in hugary . 
  here 's my take : orban had a choice between respect the law or be humanitarian and basically asked merkel into deciding . 
   if hungary is willing to give up principles germany is not willing to give up it seems easy to see how that could generate leverage . 
  what principles did we give up ? 
  my thinking was a bit simpler : germany is a superpower , hungary is not . 
  how will merkel ( as de facto leader of europe ) handle other unprincipled actors like turkey and ( very unlikely ) uk ?
