  please learn to read before you comment here ... 
  great write-up ; we officially have now benny hill level politics and government . 
  did you read the part which says the current capacity is used at ~ 50 % ? 
   it and will keep the country free of crowds of people of uncertain status . 
  yup . 
  but that 's fair . 
  i mean , my chinese friend ca n't get a schengen visa ( he 's a freelancer aka no stable job ) to visit me because he has high potential of immigration - meanwhile germamy allows one million people/year just because they say `` i am an asylum seeker ''  but they actually have no stable status trouble is that in eu , accepting someone is much more than providing food and shelter - language lessons , medical assistance , etc - that 's why for example danes came up with the statistic that 1 refugee in denmark will cost as much as 20 in a unhcr camp . 
  cough . 
  neither some hungarian , 
   so for the 1 % for whom this works , they are now in hungary i am ashamed to say - i do n't know for sure . 
  but given the fact that it 's a decision from a judge , i 'm 99.9 % sure that yes they are here ( unless they decided on their own will to move on ) - however , if anyone is caught lying in their application that leads to immediate denial or even citizenship revocation . 
  what i know for sure is that hungary granted refugee status to ~ 600 people in 2015 ( which is roughly the same as for 2014 ) . 
  currently germany is willing to accept that there is 1 criminal among 1000 innocents * - so what is the problem then ? 
  * number made up to reflect order of magnitude not exact statistics, 
  is n't the telegraph `` establishment media '' as well ? 
  anyway , leaving eu is indeed a leap in the dark , is n't it ? 
  fuck my english abilities ... you got it right the first time . 
  yes , the judges are deciding the asylum requests on the spot . 
  only people which have the asylum granted are allowed in hungary , everyone else is sent back . 
  `` the spot '' is placed exactly on the border ( think transit zones in an international airport ) so asylum seekers are technically not on hungarian territory . 
  no , i think you got it right . 
  hungary will let in people only in two cases : - their are legally entitled to enter schengen space ( ie . 
  they have a viza or come from a country which does n't need a viza ) - they apply for and receive asylum in hungary in case of people coming via serbian border and requesting asylum , the requests are judged on the spot as i described above . 
  and no , hungary will not allow anyone through just because they say `` i 'll apply for asylum in germany '' - allowing them through would be against several international agreements . 
  while the current migration crisis is impacting schengen agreement , lack of schengen will/would have zero impact on migration . 
  just consider that all of the countries on the main migration path reintroduced border controls so schengen is temporarily ditched - impact is nil . 
   how many people did this allow in less than 1 % . 
   is n't the problem in such cases one of gathering and checking information ? 
  according to the hungarian law , any people coming from a safe country ( serbia ) are not automatically entitled for asylum . 
  so , the trial mostly looks like this : - did you applied for asylum in serbia ( safe country ) . 
  if no , rejected !, 
  - was your application request in serbia mishandled ? 
  if no , rejected !, 
  basically only the humanitarian cases are allowed ( i.e. 
  obviously small kids , single mothers with small kids , etc ) . 
   i can see how this would work to satisfy the letter of some law that 's the eu charta , not some law   but that 's hardly the point . 
  i 'm not sure i get your question . 
  hungary acknowledges everyone 's right to safety as per international laws . 
  however this does n't equal `` i can be safe only in germany '' . 
  but uk does it already ... or am i missing something ? 
  i 'm not talking about your controlled immigration plan straight from the refugee camps , but how it 's not like germany 's `` let everyone in and will sort them out somehow '', 
  love the depth of your arguments ... < / s , 
   i still have n't seen a conclusive plan what happens when the quota is reached not allow anyone in for example ? 
   also just funneling people through to germany is not a solution . 
  every single one of those people wants to go to germany !, 
  they did n't do the `` long and dangerous trip '' - as some newspapers say it just to be safe . 
  they did it to be in germany !, 
  so what could austria ( or any country on the path ) do ? 
  if i post - even in a comment - an equivalent video ( i.e. 
  hit the feelings ) from the other angle i 'll probably get banned for agenda pushing . 
  that being said this is a good advertisement . 
  if life thought me anything that 's that whenever some stranger tries to appeal to my feelings that 's in order to take advantage of me . 
  also it will probably have no impact - the convinced ones will be more convinced the non convinced one will see another attempt of manipulation and become even more unconvinced . 
  i was reading in older thread that at sloven/austria border is indeed a combination of tests and interviews . 
  the main problem is not with refusing entry per se but with the requirement that all asylum requests have to be considered individually . 
  this is the reason most countries let asylum seekers in and judge the requests later . 
  in hungary we solved this problem by having judges moved to crossing points and decide on the spot - if approved they are let in if not then not allowed . 
   what orban is doing is de-comunizing the country lol , absolutely not . 
  it 's been 25 years since '89 - would n't be time to find something else ? 
  you can search on hirado.hu - e.g. 
  and yes , it 's a sham they did n't discovered tags . 
  however , there is no mention of anything in the english section ; the reports started coming late . 
  for example i can not find the teacher 's demands - but i can find everything the government said on the topic . 
  also latest demonstration at teleki blanka was not covered . 
  as of opposition - they can do/say whatever they want . 
  but let 's not confuse cause and effect . 
  just because the opposition wants to politicize it it does n't mean teacher 's demands are unjust or that they want to bring politics into the classroom . 
  wrt soros , it has been discussed here : http://comment.blog.hu/2016/02/02/most_mar_tuti_hogy_nem_soros_gyorgy_hergeli_a_tanarokat - so let 's say mti 's coverage was nonprofessional if not malicious . 
   teachers telling minors to dress up for a political protest in school time seems quite tasteless to me do you have a source for this statement ? 
  so you would say that the state media informed the public correctly ? 
  ~ ~ it 's not so good if you are on the 5 ` th grade  also think on the very increased load for teachers . ~ ~ edit : lol , my corporate brain translated pe to performance evaluation not physical exercise - my comment is therefore invalid but wo n't delete it for the sake of discussion below . 
  you know , the earth goes around the sun and not around uk . 
  if uk leaves the eu the rest will recover just fine . 
  felt bad man ... 
  just tell them to learn to conjugate kutya/dog and come back when they are done , 
  there is a difference between the big boss of a religion and a normal priest/pastor/imam / rabi though . 
  do n't be so quick to complain in the future then : -1 means two people disagreed enough to press the downarrow - i had comments going from -5 to +30 over night , 
   i was hoping for the uk , sweden , denmark and portugal to declare war on the rest of the eu damn , so it 's up to v4 again to establish a mighty empire !!!, 
  err , you have the top comment . 
  if you are in the minus ca n't even think of the others ... 
  no matter how much we 'd like to use statistics it 'll boil down at the end of the day to perception . 
  we , humans , are illogical for most of the time . 
  for example , let 's say i 'm a lady ( i 'm not but bear with me ) . 
  before this crises happened i used to be cat called once a week . 
  now it happens twice a week ( this is not something you 'll see in statistics ) . 
  or let 's say , i 'm a retiree ( i 'm not but bear with me ) . 
  i am annoyed by groups of loud people speaking in a foreign language . 
  i feel threatened because of the unknown of the situation . 
  ( again , this is not something you 'll see in statistics ) . 
  this hypothetical scenarios might lead to people feeling unsafe even if there is no tick in crime data . 
  things start to get ugly if people lose trust in public authorities and press reporting . 
  for example , there is the daily ( downvoted ) post of the `` false report map '' - why do you think there are so many hoaxes ? 
  the rumor mill feeds on lack of information . 
  i saw this first hand in my childhood ( when there was no internet and the government was controlling the information ) as well as at my work place ( whenever we have a restructuring ) . 
  many danke . 
  in retrospect both op 's statement and my follow up questions are a tad silly . 
  it 's not like there should be a competition - any violence/aggression * is despicable regardless who commits it . 
  * except self defense/helping others, 
  a low six digit number is higher than 490 - or am i missing something ? 
  edit : / u/marktplatz i did n't checked who wrote the reply initially and i thought it 's op .
