  +2 same here :(, 
   also what hungary is doing is generally seen as wrong . 
  mr orban is very unpopular in germany . 
  i do n't like orban either  nevertheless , can you answer me one simple question ? 
  why the fuck is n't germany sending trains to athens and ferries to turkey to provide a safe and direct route for the refugees ? 
  i only half agree . 
  it is not `` croatians '' , but their pm ( and elections soon ) . 
  also official relations were bad also before due to ina-mol . 
  personally , i love and tremendously respect croatians !, 
  by looking at g-map it looks like the `` easy to cross '' border is not so long , most border is mountains . 
  are those easy to cross ? 
   pusi\u0107 has also confirmed that plan c is n't croat-slovene , but is in fact croatian facepalm . 
  thanks man . 
  i tried to google nilli-willy but it did n't autocorrect me , 
  i see . 
  pretty much same here , we had/have public donations to provide better food for the police guys . 
  there are also rumors/reports in media about companies close to the ruling party providing shitty food for good money . 
  anyway , virtual high five - so far hungary and slovenia are the only ones whom kept the schengen treaty on the balkan route ( boo austria ) , 
  thanks a lot for the well sourced and information rich reply . 
   but : most of these 25,000 are allowed to stay one question : if they are denied asylum how are they allowed to stay ? 
  wow . 
  all this news ( czech and poles helping us at the borders ) , slovenia being prepared , i think that the orbanator finally consulted with v4 before taking drastic measures . 
  oh boy , this is a poor comment . 
  now with arguments   the numbers arriving in the mediterranean did n't rise more after merkel made her statement on your own link it 's clearly visible the spike in august - september . 
  you know what else happened towards end of august ? 
  riots !, 
  upon german officials irresponsible declarations migrants rioted due to `` we do n't want to be registered in hungary '' . 
   and merkel also did n't invite people how many times do we have to have this conversation ? 
  do a google search for `` refugees welcome '' and set the date towards beginning of september . 
  all the fucking media on the planet had titles like `` germany welcomes refugees '' . 
  i mean wtf , merkel ( the most powerful woman on the planet ) does n't know how her selfies will be interpreted by the media ? 
   do you want a political and humanitarian catastrophe on the balkan ? 
  the tensions there are already rising , and that with germany taking out most of the refugees . 
  yes please , keep doing that . 
  the tension was created by germany !, 
   and for hungary , their behavior annoys me in particular , because hungarians were one of the very early profiteers of a new , humanitarian refugee policy in the 1950s this is wrong in so many levels that i do n't even know where to start answering it . 
  here are 3 examples on where you are wrong . 
  first at all it was in 56 . 
  second , hungarians fled to the neighboring country ( austria ) . 
  they were placed in camps and applied for asylum ( from there ) . 
  also please let me know when germany ( or hungary ) are neighboring siria . 
  i will agree with you and shove my hungarian id card in my ass if you can provide sources for the following : * hungarians protesting the food * hungarians attacking border police 'cause `` we can be free only in germany '' * hungarians yelling `` isten a kiraly '' on the streets * hungarians demanding appartments 'cause tents suck third . 
  since we are at history lesson : hungary was the first ee country whom opened their border to west . 
  do you remember the east germans coming en masse with trabis so that they can go to austria ? 
  fourth : hungary allowed a big bunch of refugees during yugoslavian wars . 
  so yeah , we are the scum of humanity for not allowing 5-10k people/day to just go around in europe . 
  edit : formatting, 
  ok , but how many of the people receiving deportation orders actually leave ? 
   more than a few thousand migrants a day expect 4-10 k/day - that 's the number currently ferried through hungary nowadays with a bump tomorrow - as croatia is moving everything they can and hungary doing the same . 
   i just hope the embarrassing police logistics situation is n't repeated this time what do you mean ? 
  i think your police handled the situation quite good ( afaik you registered everyone crossing through ) . 
  guess you belong to the not so pretty much then  it 's actually fun since it involves palinka . 
  trouble is that in many developed countries people are very far removed from the animals they eat leading to anthropomorphisming them ( cartoons ) hence the outrage . 
  i remember the story with the kids who thought cows are blue ( milka commercial ) or wanted to play with the bears ( cute in cartoons ) . 
  in easter europe pretty much everyone has seen a pig slaughtering so not much outrage . 
  man , i feel really sorry for croatia if their pm was ~ ~ lying ~ ~ enhancing reality again . 
  we will see ... 
  i hope less people will do the trip from turkey if they know it 's harder to get through . 
  the bare minimum i hope is that everyone will get registered before entering schengen and not just roaming nilli willi ( as they wish ) . 
   what does a fence even accomplish apart from deflecting the people away from hungary ? 
  ai n't that the job of any fence ??? 
  rumors in the hungarian and croatian press claim plan c means taking them to slovenia - and that there is an agreement that slovenia will pass them to austria . 
  you mean they will cut holes themselves ? 
  :d there were reports in hungarian press a week ago that croatian government sent scouts to search for the weakest parts of the fence . 
  food is good  also send some czech beer !, 
  ( we love that ), 
  yup , that 's what you pm said ( again ) , 
  you are right ... and you asked 30k euro for cleaning , 
  i hope you have many trains . 
  ~ ~ we have n't yet returned the first one  ~ ~ edit : train was returned last week , after being held hostage for few weeks . 
  that depends on what croatia will do . 
  here we go again . 
  during next weeks we 'll get again bashed by western politicians while they probably pray in secret that the fence will work . 
  edit : riders of last train pics : http://index.hu/galeria/index/belfold/2015/10/17/az_utolso_menekultvonat_utasai/, 
  in hungarian , sorry : http://index.hu/belfold/2015/10/16/hatarzar_orban_horvatorszag/, 
  i was thinking more about benefits in purchase parity . 
  anyway we should n't have very disproportionate benefits ( like 1000eur in one place and 100 in another ) . 
   hungary goes through the same shit germany does not anymore actually  currently croatia , hungary and austria are world 's biggest travel agencies ( destination : exotic germany , where streets are made of gold , etc ) . 
  if i remember correctly our immigration office closed around 70k asylum requests due to mysterious disappearance of requestors . 
  also , currently there are only ~ 1000 migrants in hungary ( mostly kids/sick/waiting for their families ) . 
   however its not fair if politicians use populistic rhetorics , like orban portraying germany as the cause of this crisis true , but it is also not fair for politicians in germany , austria , croatia , spain , romania ( to name a few ) to vilify hungary in order to get some moral karma ( votes ) . 
  it 's easy to tell others what not to do , harder to figure out what to do . 
  also while i do n't believe germany is the cause of the crisis ( that 'd be stupid ) it definitely has a big role in exacerbating it . 
  there are countless field reports stating that migrants believe germany wants them . 
  also , if you look at the statistic of arrivals in hungary you 'll see that the number went up from ~ 3000/day to 7-10000 / day around a week after all those unfortunate declarations made into media - no upper limit , dublin wo n't apply to syrians , selfie with refugees , refugees welcome parties , etc. 
  abusing you a little since you are so kind ...  how do you feel if someone calls you `` english '' ? 
  for example , here in budapest if you see a bunch of under-dressed guys ( shorts and t-shirts ) drinking beer on a terrace at +5 degrees , at 10 am , we 'll say `` yeah , english having a bachelor/stag party '' . 
  also does everyone in uk understands each-other ? 
  once i had a meeting with a guy from london and one from manchester . 
  the london guy ended up translating between manchesterian and ( my ) english  ( n.b. 
  the guy from manchester understood me just fine ) . 
  also i appreciate your original post , it sounds like coming from your heart !, 
  self.posts do n't bring karma points so no reward anyway , 
  sorry to ask something unrelated : does everyone in uk refer to themselves as brits or only parts of it ? 
   by ever metric , it has failed . 
  it 's a crisis . 
  if our leaders ca n't solve the situation they 'll get outvoted by parties who will try different things . 
  i have read the news in the last 20 years . 
  and each time there was a crisis someone would claim eu is a failure ... 
   the eu is a failure source please ?
