  my mother died of cancer in romania . 
  let 's just say each nurse ( 6 of them ) got 100 eur ( and yes , i know , my mother was overdoing it - she was just legit scared ) . 
  the doctors got much more - before the surgery . 
  in hungary i never bribed anyone , but i witnessed my cousin bribing a po 16 years ago for a red light violation . 
   hungary is not an important location for finance however true that !, 
  but frankfurt is !, 
  - how so germany backs this tax ? 
  in case of hungary the tax is 0.3 % - this tax is one of the things which got us out of the hole in 2010 ( without raising taxes for the population even more ) . 
  we were told : banks will quit hungary - none did . 
  ( as always , when chatting with you , for the parts i do n't reply about , i fully agree or i do n't know what to answer ) . 
  i 've seen engineers dumb as rocks outside their fields though . 
  there was even a joke in the it circles i circled : `` what 's common between a mechanical engineer and a dog ? 
  - none , both have intelligent eyes but none can speak '' :d, 
  got it , thanks for clarifying - i mostly agree !, 
  reason i say `` mostly '' : we 're inclined to look for partners who are not like us from a psychological pow ( e.g. 
  introvert - extrovert ) - because higher chance of healthy relationship . 
  now obviously , when one gets into a long term relationship a myriad other factors comes into play ; that 's why you wo n't see too many successful marriages where one partner is dumb as a rock and the other one a rocket scientist or equivalent , 
   the fact that is debated means that there is a certain part of the population that sees it as corruption of course some see it as corruption , we pay health care taxes - so health care should be free ( for insured ) so why should anyone pay extra ? 
  trouble is that doctors are paid shit here . 
  for example a resident doctor makes around 500 eur/month . 
  so , some people give doctors money to make up for this ( residents do n't get side money btw ) . 
  most give because they think they will get better care - there is an urban legend about a patient committing suicide after the doctor refused the money so he thought it 's a death sentence . 
  anyway , we 're lucky in a weird sense , unlike neighboring romania we give money after the surgery and not before . 
   i think this perception is more frequent in quite a few countries ( including hungary ) in case of hungary we do n't speak so much about plain embezzlement but about giving public contracts to friends . 
  let 's say there 's a contract with eu money . 
  government makes a tender which contains ( purely by accident ) conditions to which my friend 's company is fully qualified . 
  ... aaaand same thing with almost all public contracts . 
  heck , when the orban gvnt decided all cigarettes can be sold only in a limited number specialized shops , there were leaks in one of the cities where one can clearly hear `` we 'll give license only to our friends '' < - nobody got in prison btw  let 's say an english bank funnels money from a russian businessman i was thinking more about libor scandal for example . 
  also , one can not stop noticing that the uk gvt is fiercely defending the city and opposing the eu backed transaction tax ( we have this tax in hungary for quite some while btw ) - this being also one of the arguments of brexiters . 
  is the finance sector really bringing so much money to uk ? 
  ( i do n't know ), 
   if the average person does not really experience corruption or sees it as an issue in the country in hungary for example we do n't really experience corruption on a day to day basis , even police are less likely to take bribes than let 's say 10 years ago . 
  giving `` gratitude money '' to doctors after surgery , is still debated whether is daily corruption or `` gratitude '' . 
  however , world , the local dog ( puli , vizsla , etc ) , the kitchen sink and the bath tube , all agree that our governments are/were corrupt as hell . 
   you can not really call it ` the most corrupt country in the world ' . 
  well , you can not , i can not , a mafia expert might just do it   every-day corruption affecting the average citizen is much more significant every day corruption is frustrating ( i speak from experience ) but the big corruption will have a macro impact . 
  if you count by number of people wearing concrete shoes in tamisa , you are right . 
  if we count by the amount of money being washed or influence of financial lobby over lawmaking , i am not so sure ... 
  if there are more man than woman you will have dissatisfaction either way , regardless of ethnicity like one can see in india ... 
  anyway , to ( kindof ) answer your question : i remember reading a study from usa claiming that marriages across social layers ( e.g. 
  university degree vs basic school graduates ) are significantly lower then within the same layer . 
  do n't know though if said study conclusions can be applied to other country as well . 
   wonder how popular are migrant-local marriages in sweden . 
  why is this relevant ? 
  did you read the subtitle ? 
   ` it 's not the bureaucracy , it 's not the police , it 's not the politics but what is corrupt is the financial capital ', 
  if i remember well around 1 million romanians settled in ue before romania joined , mostly in spain and italy - so the truth might be somewhere in the middle . 
  they were helped greatly by spain 's regular amnesty which granted residence to illegals working in the country for more than x time . 
  can you walk naked in us as an expression of freedom of speech ? 
  also in europe we have less freedom of speech : for example nazi and communist symbols are banned from many countries . 
   same borat place !, 
   same borat channel !, 
  ai n't making insulting remarks about an entire country/ethnicity/religion / etc racist ? 
  also borat was from kazakhstan . 
  if you want to insult bulgarians just call them turks . 
  this is dumb . 
  author does n't even seem to care that rfid and gps are two different things . 
   i wonder why they are even in eu if they do n't want people to go there ... looks like a question to me ... 
  honestly , is this a serious question ? 
  foundthemagyar  actually you might be wrong - after latest change in legislation the asylum seekers ( menekultkero ) will receive as much as the inmates . 
  is this news propagated in south america ? 
  ( sorry , it 's not clear from your post ) . 
  i am not surprised . 
  i remember reading around a month ago an article on vice ( or guardian ) - do n't remember - that many north africans believe that european woman want true man ( i.e. 
  them ) - due to a legendary inflow of white woman after ww2 . 
  also in another report from a mainstream news outlet i remember reading that in somalia , those whom have n't got yet to europe are seen as losers . 
  example 3-20 any poor eu country and couple of rich ones ( e.g. 
  france , italy ) - remember when migrants wo n't go to portugal and even laughed in the face of their prime minister ? 
  the one and only orbanator proposed in august that eu should take over some un camps ( and create some more ) - keep saving everyone according to maritime law , then promptly returning them to the camp closer to their native country . 
  check / r/firstworldproblems and / r/askeurope, 
  that 's 120 eur/person/month - not that much - if there is a problem then that problem is with the family reunification law . 
  that is also one of the quoted reasons why migrant routes are avoiding cyprus like plague ( although much more accessible than italy ) anyway , holly cow - 20 kids , what was that guy in syria - ceo of the national oil company - or how else could he provide for 24 people ??? 
  edit : as always , i would really appreciate if downvoters also explain why they disgree ... 
  83 % - where 's the queen ? 
  got ta pledge my allegiance , 
  this question can not be answered - it 's too broad . 
  there is no such thing as a checklist of what makes one german . 
  for example : even within one country , depending on the social context , one can be german or not . 
  a person who looks asian might be considered german in munich but will not be considered german in some remote village . 
  why is that ? 
  - simple - big part of ourselves still holds a tribal mentality . 
  and a very important part of tribal mentality is the distinction : who 's in ( i.e. 
  whom can i trust ) and who 's outside ( ca n't trust ) . 
  however , in order to belong to any social group one has to conform to the socio-behavioral norms of that group . 
  again , this is not about any group being superior to another but about whom can i trust and whom i can not . 
  one thing all groups hold common is the acceptance of group rules - which are often not formalized . 
  stuff like : do n't be noisy , speak same language , etc. 
  some social groups also give high importance to physical appearance . 
  for extreme examples : any racial groups ( of any color ) , but you can see this in any fan club of a certain singer/band . 
  sorry , i think you wanted a concrete answer and i typed a wall of meta answer ... 
   eastern europe is doing quite successfully in case of hungary , if we look at q1 data that 's a bit of an overstatement ... 
   eastern europe is n't assisting  but despite renewing these vows in march , less than 1 % of the refugees concerned have been moved . 
  rest of eu is n't assisting either . 
  we 're just honest about it , 
  and adhd !, 
  ms sold their licenses to their partners with 47 % discount . 
  the partners sold them to state full price . 
  i 'm not saying that some higher ups in microsoft romania were not involved , but blaming ms global for a clearly local scandal is a stretch imo . 
   the microsoft case , was a hit and run of over 100.000.000 eur , and to think people have the audacity to bitch to us about romanian criminals pickpocketing and credit card skimming in the western world . 
  hold your horses .
