  simple . 
  we do n't  the high numbers you see are from the time when hungary was the entry country - and before germany said `` all in '' ( i.e. 
  till end of august ) . 
  at that time , hungary was actually respecting the eu rules and basically telling migrants that if you do n't register we 'll send you back . 
  however , once they applies for asylum here , they just move on - our immigration authority is closing the applications by thousands with the reason `` applicant not found '' . 
  currently there are virtually 0 migrants in hungary ( we just closed the last camp ) - except ~ 1000 people currently in jail for illegal border crossing . 
  this people were sentenced to expulsion , not jail but serbia does n't want to take them back so they are stuck here until authorities manage to expel them to their country of origin . 
   well , then they are stuck here without any welfare payments are they ? 
  because someone else with a german flag was mentioning that even the rejected ones get some help from the state ( i might remember wrong ) . 
   however , there is no way in hell that we will ever get one if germany is n't honoring its commitments i seriously doubt there is anyone who 'll bad mouth germany or sweden over this . 
  even if hungary and greece would had put all of them in hilton they 'd still go to germany thinking `` wow , if hungary is hilton , we 'll get sent to ritz in germany '' . 
  also no entry country is suitable for dublin agreements in current format . 
  it was actually done  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/realistic_conflict_theory#robbers_cave_study in brief : this kids will form a cohesive group where skin color will not be a defining factor of the group . 
  however they will be equally rejecting other actors ( groups or individuals ) perceived as not part of the group . 
   they have no chance getting asylum elsewhere in europe . 
  they know germany can not send them back to greece , sooooo ? 
   merkel 's narrative was first about the distribution of the 160k from greece and italy . 
  second one was the proposal to have permanent distribution system in place - in this way germany will not have to take in everyone in the future . 
   currently people get shoved into germany , austria or sweden no , that is where they want to go !, 
  nobody is shoving anyone . 
   but it does n't make sense for greece actually it does . 
  greece is a transit country not a final destination - so people will go away regardless of program . 
   and countries like germany if you consider the automatic quota system merkel is dangling for a while it starts to make sense . 
  to be pedantic , they have access to schengen only when they cross the croatia - slovenia border . 
  getting the citizenship is quite hard - in most eu it requires 7 + years of staying in that country , language knowledge , etc. 
  while it 's a possibility , i would n't worry about it for now . 
  superheroes are also vigilante :p, 
  when the authorities do n't do their jobs properly is there other alternative than vigilante groups ? 
   when he got a huge scandal to divert attention from which one ? 
  for those of us unaware of german newspapers , why is it so ? 
  agree . 
  was just pointing out that despite globalization a country can develop just fine without forced multi-culti . 
   but the economical system that prefers skilled workers will still remain - without it country wont be able to compete . 
  source please ? 
  it seems to me japan and korea are doing pretty good . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not saying noone should bring in skilled workers - just questioning your blank statement . 
  for example you can open factories , etc on foreign land - that 's also globalization , not necessarily bring in million of workers in your own country . 
  here you go : http://esr.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2015/08/20/esr.jcv081.full, 
  there are studies showing that unfortunately social cohesion goes down with ethnic diversity . 
  edit : link to the study http://esr.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2015/08/20/esr.jcv081.full, 
  i 'd rather cluj . 
  it 's to take the lazy up the hill to buda castle : http://www.funiculars.net/line.php?id=28, 
   a roaming operator will have some extra costs associated to taking a guest number actually there is no extra cost . 
  even in congestion situations caused by people roaming the operators can degrade their service so that the local ( i.e. 
  paying ) customers wo n't notice . 
  yes , i 'm also curious on what denmark will do if people start applying en masse at the border . 
  i am glad you admit that russia uses gazprom as political weapon - this would be inconceivable in a western country . 
  for example , hungary used to have gas distribution owned by gdf suez ( france ) . 
  do you think it would have been acceptable if gdf would had cut the gas for population because france would have a quarrel with hungarian government ? 
  as for slovakia and poland providing gas to ukraine - it 's their own fucking business what they do with the gas once they paid for it . 
  your analogy with alcohol for minors is week . 
  you would have a point if providing some international law stating that e.g. 
  poland can not re-sell their gas to whomever they want . 
  afaik a combo [ deleted ] [ removed ] for a post with children means it was deleted by mods , a deletion by user would show as [ deleted ] [ deleted ], 
  which one was more popular in germany , ddr 1 or ddr 2 ? 
  totally purely economics , not ...  in september 2014 , gazprom started to limit gas deliveries to some eu members , including poland and slovakia . 
  they had been supplying gas to ukraine to replace supplies that russia had cut off in a pricing dispute with its neighbor . 
  source : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-23/gazprom-is-losing-its-market-muscle, 
   well , you can not blame us for trying to reduce costs if that comes at the price of screwing ee , yes i can  also , if this is about economics , please explain why poland pays much more than germany for the same russian gas ? 
   at least according to the german side , north stream access was offered to poland and baltic countries but they declined there is this thing called solidarity ... :p  i would appreciate infrastructure to get gas from western/central europe into eastern europe to reduce russia 's control over the gas supply of ee except that russia threatens to cut the supply should any of the ee give gas to e.g. 
  ukraine . 
  it 's actually poland , slovakia , czech republic , hungary , romania , estonia , latvia , lithuania and greece . 
  to my knowledge , there is no pipe going through all of them . 
  if anything this deal will give germany money and russia another leverage point against ee . 
  win-win , right ? 
  gentle reminder that poland and a few other eu members very complaining - if not a stab at least a very unfriendly poke . 
  also the supply is not as much as a result of ukraine unreliability but with russia using it as a political weapon . 
  ( i.e. 
  you do n't do what i like , no more gas for you ... ), 
  also tatra tea is not a tea . 
   almost all revolve around women . 
  well , at least as long as the specie ca n't multiply without them seems natural to me , 
   do europeans really have a hard time being exposed to foreign cultures ? 
  absolutely no . 
  but there is learning/acceptance whenever involved to a foreign culture - heck there are plenty cultural differences between regions even in small countries like hungary . 
  differences between countries being even bigger . 
   getting a bunch of young people together to drink and fuck will create a european identity ? 
  drinking and fucking are extremely important as will result in kids having parents of different nationalities - by definition they 'll find it hard to be very nationalistic  also being exposed to a foreign culture helps a lot . 
   will likely be replaced by nationalist/federalist ( `` only white people '' ... what makes you think they will collaborate ? 
  if anything they tend to be isolationist for the time being . 
  a change like you describe would have required the leading elites ( formal and informal ) to go full anti-islamic - something like being `` anti sharia '' is too vague for the regular folk . 
  in a sense it 's what 's happening with the rise of right wing - except that we go back to nationalism instead european identity . 
  imo our best shot for having a true european identity is the erasmus program . 
   it is absurd hungary was left unsanctioned and not thrown out if those did n't work . 
  what on earth did we do again ??? 
  ok , then what do you tell your so if she asks `` do i look fat in this dress ? '' . 
  i know there are no good answers but being completely honest ( i.e. 
  yes darling , you look fat ) is definitely a wrong-wrong one . 
  oh please , the hungarian doctors are fleeing the country ( for some reason ) - i would n't mind having some belgian ones . 
  i am anti migrants but always appreciate a good point/discussion - and who could have a better point about the situation in germany than a german ? 
  really sorry that you got downvoted to hell :( - i really appreciate your contribution and i hope you will keep contributing despite the downvotes . 
  could someone please explain why on earth is this person so heavily downvoted ? 
   just ponder on how much of the money migrants receive from the government is sent abroad to relatives at the moment . 
  was n't it so that after the recent change in legislation they do n't receive cash but coupons ? 
   no but the notion that terrorists could n't enter europe with fake passports before is ridiculous . 
  it 's much harder to fake a eu password ( database mismatch ) than a syrian one . 
  so true . 
  that 's marie antoinette school of economics : if they do n't have bread why ca n't they eat cake instead . 
  that was n't supposed to be a script , 
  actually most hungarian media is own by hungarians .
