   what kind of sorcery allows hungary to absorb so much funds ? 
  i guess that 's because ( except stadiums ) anything built here is done with eu money . 
  i know better : government should just give money to everyone . 
  end of poverty , right ? 
  i bet you could have made the same point without resorting to audio metaphors :(, 
   so you want to leave the council of europe because you do n't like the human rights regulations ? 
  sorry , but that is a fake dichotomy , unless you provide the law requesting passage at will through europe for anyone claiming he 's a refugee . 
  heck , i am thinking to apply for asylum in japan ( 'cause orban ) - i bet all countries in between will put me in a train to the next border . 
   interesting proposal : boot out of schengen the mediterranean countries and let them deal with their external borders , not your problem after al but if you think of it , the proposal is nonsensical . 
  we have border controls from greece till norway and it stops only people trying to cross legally . 
  at the same time we still have thousands of migrants getting to germany daily . 
  i have a knot on my tongue after tried to read out loud . 
   just correcting a historic mistake yeah great , let 's have a new war in europe to correct all mistakes . 
   `` they wanted to know if there were refugees and were talking about them very negatively , that they are murderers , rapists , '' an employee from a boarding house in kremnica told denn\u00edk n. '' allow me to be provocative . 
  is this different than portraying all migrants as `` poor syrian woman and children , running for their lives '' . 
  i am not saying one report is better than the other ) . 
  at some moment in time numbers will beat principles - as we saw in the article about sweden limiting the ~ ~ number ~ ~ principle . 
  actually even distributing the 160k is problematic since many countries are dragging their feet and most refugees are nowhere to be found anymore in italy or greece . 
  anti terror unit ( tek ) refused to give any info on citizenship of the detained . 
  also i could n't find much more info on hungarian media . 
  my personal guess is that is more likely to be related to organised crime rather than terrorism . 
  i know from ww2 books that shooting parachuted pilots was a no-no . 
  even then . 
  anyway , it seems the rebels did n't read the geneva convention . 
  fuck me if i understand why you are getting downvoted so heavily . 
  i am really sorry . 
  greece opposed hungary 's proposal on having an international border control . 
  we ( hungary ) did close the borders to illegal migrants ( anyone can apply for asylum at the designated points , anyone with a valid schengen visa can enter ) . 
  and we were scolded by all illuminated leaders of europe `` fences are not an european/humane solution '' . 
  do you think we like having a fence ? 
  just could n't see another solution . 
  now please excuse us while we eat our daily goulash while we 're watching with interest on how the illuminated leaders plan to solve the problem . 
  meanwhile the attitude here is unsurprisingly `` you welcomed them , you keep them '' . 
  no sir , the solution is to put permanent quotas depending on the number of refugees . 
  how would you grade that ? 
  i do n't disagree with you but if you google `` sweden benefits '' you wo n't get info about trees or weather i guess , 
  i have no idea what you mean precisely but this dystopian invasion your expression brings to mind will not happen . 
  sorry , english is not my first language . 
  i meant way over capacity we like it or not . 
   but we have no measurements on which is strongest , i do n't think it matters anymore , also pointing fingers is a waste of time . 
  countries with strong pull factor will have to cut on attractiveness or will end up being way over capacity . 
  if europe fails to control the inflow at the border , well , then we 'll all be overrun . 
  i am surprised that sweden managed to handle the situation for so long tbh . 
  in this crisis there is a combination of push ( war/poverty ) and pull ( benefits ) . 
  sweden and germany did n't contributed to push but greatly increased the pull towards themselves . 
  therefore , many people who could had be safe in e.g. 
  turkey choose to come due to the pull factor . 
  otherwise how do you explain that only a very small percent choose denmark ? 
  ( rich country ) . 
  the entry countries had a mission impossible as long as the official message from germany and sweden was `` all refugees welcome '' . 
  for example , in hungary we had daily riots because people did n't wanted to be registered or have their fingerprints taken . 
  to give you an idea , there were anecdotal reports of migrants saying `` we just want to go to germany , they need us there '' . 
   according to this sub literally everyone told hungary that they are nazis i guess people are combining all the negative comments towards hungary in that period under `` this is nazi '' sentence . 
  please do . 
  we 'll put them in the camp at 1 km from austrian green border . 
  also we could n't lock them because it would be inhuman :p, 
   they were told that they will be resettled to a different country . 
  actually nobody told migrants anything , not even to board the train . 
  also austria did the same but i guess it 's the `` darkest times of our history '' only if hungary does it . 
  also there were constant criticism wrt situation in keleti train station for example , also before that one . 
  up until today , hungary has a larger proportion of asylum applications / capita than sweden . 
  they came , applied for asylum and left ) . 
  hungary did fulfill their obligations as per schengen treaty - until germany opened wide their border . 
  will hug you only after you attend the terrorist seminar . 
  also we 'd both have to sign an affirmative consent form before touching :p, 
  both can be done with you dressed * , nothing sexual in them . 
  * except for foot massage obviously , unless one wants a boot massage, 
   `` thai massage '' is a legitimate type of massage like `` swedish massage , '' it 's much more painful thou . 
  it 's actually sad for hungary this happened . 
  fidesz lost with ~ 1 % difference . 
  one month after the election a voice recording of then pm stating `` we 'd done nothing and we 've been lying to this fucking country for four years '' surfaced prompting massive demonstrations and [ extreme police violence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_hungary ) . 
  ( n.b. 
  this is the same ex-pm decrying now police brutality against migrants ) . 
  four more year with those morons and hungarians got so fed up that they gave orban 2/3 's of the parliament . 
  the mszp ( socialists - then in power ) collapsed and broke into 4 smaller parties , basically leaving us with the choice of orban ( fidesz ) or jobbik ( extreme right wing ) . 
  things that i was talking about are a bit ugly - but not very reflected in the international media . 
  for example : there was a proposed 20 % tax on advertising ** revenue ** for media companies with more than 10b huf ( 1 pln ~ 70 huf ) yearly revenue . 
  coincidentally this happens after a report on rtl klub about some shameless spending of public money by one of the ministers ; there are only two companies with this revenues , ( rtl klub being the biggest one ) . 
  we also have now the national media conglomerate ( bbc wannabe ) paid with 80b huf ( ~ 270m eur/year ) taxpayer money . 
  this is more than the combined budget of private tv stations whole having ~ 1 % market share . 
  honestly , none of my friends trusts them . 
  still waiting to see an article critical to the government . 
  the second largest private tv station ( tv2 ) , might ( clusterfuck on whom owns it ) have been bought by andy vajna ( very close to the government ) and there is speculation he bought it with public money but due to lack of transparency on public spending there is no clear idea . 
  printed press-wide , we 're good ( with both left and right papers ) , also online ( index.hu - biggest newsportal will mock any government ) . 
  so yes , i agree , we need media which is not controlled by somewhere else . 
  but that does n't mean all media should be singing `` ave government '' . 
  not a chance . 
  night shifts are paid extra - i guess if the law passes you 'd have a cleaning lady ( or whatever minimal wage job ) every 70m2 . 
  if i 'd be the owner i 'd hire people to walk around in the shop with banners spelling `` everything is 2 % more expensive because of gvmt 's decision '' . 
  orban did good imo in 3 main areas : economic crisis ( where he resisted imf 's requests to raise the taxes to population ) , chf loans crisis and migrant crisis ( `` europe is rich and weak '' ) < - i support him however , this does n't make him always right . 
  things where i disagree with him include : limiting the attributions of the constitutional court , ugly changes in electoral system before last elections , not handling corruption in his party and pressure towards the media . 
  can we agree that we need a balance of powers in a democracy and a strong , independent media ? 
  therefore , my point is : take the good things , leave the bad ones !, 
   edit : week vs weak ... 
  dear brothers , what happened in hungary after orban won the elections should not be used as a recipe !, 
  benny hill level : - fidesz controlled parliament passes a law obliging the fidesz government to contest the mandatory quotas at ecj . 
  there is also a signature campaign . 
  probably to smack junker over his head with a thick tome of signatures . 
  - proposal for stores over 400 m2 to be forced to hire one person / 70 m2 . 
  guess we 'll have wall-mart style greeters now .
