would love seeing in hungary something like we see in romania ( wrt corruption ) . 
  afaik , the safety concern was never coming from the airlines but from the safety agencies ( easa ) which preferred to play safe for 10 + years . 
  remember the ta-da-tadadada-tadadada-tadada noise you heard if you placed your cell phone next to a speaker ? 
  the users wo n't be allowed to connect from a plane in the air ( due to speed it 's impossible to connect with an antenna on the ground ) . 
  however , the airlines can deploy their picocells in the plane and charge you roaming if they wish ... 
  hungarian : f\u00fclolaj if that does n't work try with : szeretlek . 
  how about approving delivery of a few smart bombs and/or drones to ukraine ? 
  . . just saying . 
  agree . 
  personally , i 'd go for tightening the ties ... but it will take many years/decades/centuries unless faced by a common enemy ( facing a common enemy is the best way to unite people - why do you think putin is trying so hard to divide ) . 
  +1 , do n't know what / u/starsend means either . 
  may i ask why you have mixed feelings about ukraine ? 
  imo , the more the better , 
  you forget the possibility to tap onto the eu funds . 
  they cover business development , agriculture and infrastructure ( e.g. 
  pretty much everything constructed in the new eu arrivals - from water/electricity in remote villages to highways ) . 
  and you might not want free trade right away - it goes both ways . 
  no offense , but i doubt the ukrainian companies can compete with existing eu ones . 
  ... but plum palinka is a national treasure , 
  it 's complicated ... 
  some say romanian it 's not allowed in schengen because that 's one of the few things eu has to keep pressuring the anti corruption going . 
  some others say it 's due to the romanian citizens which pickpocket ( and other petty crime ) across europe . 
  heck , i heard beggars singing mirabela dauer ( a popular romanian singer in '80s ) in leppavara , finland . 
  fun fact : most of romanians ( except for transylvania ) have never met a hungarian from hungary ... yet they know hungary 's deepest desire is to take transylvania back - including the plum trees . 
  fun fact 2 : most hungarians ( from hungary ) have never seen a romanian ( i.e. 
  romanian ethnicity ) yet they know hungarians there are very mistreated . 
  fun fact 3 : in cities/villages in transylvania where you have both sides living together they go along just fine . 
  i follow politics in both romania and hungary - i do n't remember the president of romania searching scapegoats in the hungarian community . 
  except maybe his declaration vs. jobbik from one year ago but that was as a reaction to vona 's declarations and events from tg-mures/marosvasarhely . 
  edit : to put things in context , in romania you do n't hear messages like `` we 're in shit because a minority ( gypsies/jews/hungarians / romanians ) are against our great nation '' . 
  not defending him in any way but this mayor is slightly nuts imo . 
  he also made quite a show during budapest 's pride parade a few weeks back . 
  actually jobbik 's parades are quite safe since they do all possible to avoid any incidents ( media will promptly portray them ) but i would n't like to be in the middle of them after the official part is over . 
  yup , some disgruntled fidesz voters attribute this surge in nationalism on orban 's side as an attempt to win over jobbik 's voters . 
  percentage itself does n't matter so much as long as orban 's party ( fidesz ) is number 1 due to `` winner takes all '' type of system . 
  details on hungaryan system [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_in_hungary#changes_in_the_electoral_system_from_2012_onwards ) for example if i have 20 % of votes in one constituency and the next candidate has 19 % i win the seat since there is no second round . 
  more disturbing is that currently party # 2 is jobbik . 
  he is not that popular actually - latest survey gives his party 33 % of voting intentions . 
  he won last elections mainly due to reducing the price of utilities ... and he is a very charismatic person . 
   tax rates are a matter of national sovereignty , and 40 % on things like advertisement is not necessarily undemocratic . 
  problem is there will be a single media outlet to which this 40 % tax on revenue will apply . 
   refusing to recognize religious groups is what a secular state is supposed to do . 
  the problem is when it does favor one . 
  current law does favor the traditional/major religions . 
  there is no oppression of opposition but the government tries to control the media . 
  also the opposition is quite divided . 
  moreover having 30 % will not guarantee that much due to the new election system - e.g. 
  the ruling party got less than 50 % but they still have 2/3 of the seats in parliament . 
  [ yup !, 
  ] ( http://digi.hu/lakossagi/internet ) although you get `` only '' 80 mb/s for roughly the same price as 1g in romania . 
  competition in romania in internet access , mobile and cable tv brought the prices much lower than in hungary . 
  ( e.g. 
  rds aka digi just launched an ( inter ) national `` all you can speak '' for 5-10e / mo in romania ) . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.rcs-rds.ro/internet-digi-net/fiberlink?t=internet-fix&amp;pachet=digi_net_fiberlink_1000 ) an example : 1 gb/s for ~ 13 eur . 
  in no particular order : * structural funds ( infrastructure , business , agriculture , etc ) * foreign investments ( economy was in bad state after 89 ) * pressure to reduce corruption * pressure not to slip away from democracy, 
  judging by your downvotes it seems that an united states of europe ( use ) will need intensive training on british humor/sarcasm as well ... 
  if there is something to learn from romania ( before 89 ) and venezuala ( nowadays ) similar experiments on price control prove that the market will be right . 
  in practice , this means that instead of having money inflation they 'll have a products inflation ( i.e. 
  shortages ) ... and soon a black market . 
  man , this should be in the sidebar ... and applying for any nation . 
  well , if i would n't like croatian people i would laugh a lot more ... , 
  show me a politician please who is not trying to use any crisis to his advantage ... 
  just because he got 2 things right does n't make him a genius though  also oppositions is currently laughable unfortunately . 
  our enormous leader started talking about the dangers of migration in march - opposition kept blasting him for trying to draw the attention with artificial issues from the real problems of hungary . 
  joke 's on them i guess . 
  sorry guys but i have to laugh a bit at your government . 
  good luck in sealing the border . 
  lol , this kind of nails it . 
  care to give some examples ? 
  you can keep their mouths shot by asking them to munch some blood sausage , 
  i do n't know the definition of trafficking according to german law . 
  for example in hungary also moving within the country goes to trafficking if it 's done in exchange of money . 
  since the police arrested the guy , i assume is illegal in germany . 
  however , it really depends on how much a judge will rule based on letter of the law , and how much based on the spirit of it . 
  remember though , in most europe sentences are to redeem and not for punishment - i do bet the after this experience the guy will never in his life pick hitch-hikers even if they are blonde with blue eyes , dressed in lederhosen and yodelling . 
  that 's up for the judges to decide . 
  traffickers do it for money , someone `` just helping '' will not cram 70 people in a closed minivan for example . 
  some editing would be nice , i ca n't tell if you are complaining or asking something . 
  i guess the police has no way of telling who is a genuine trafficker and who is just helping - so it wo n't end probably in a criminal conviction . 
  how is the system in germany ? 
  can the police turn a blind eye if someone ( federal or local ) higher ups tells them so ? 
  yes , but not all pacifists are hippies , 
   i really do wonder what group of people would be offended by the military uniform in the uk hippies , pacifists and anarchists ? 
  sent . 
  is it 1 ` st of april in russian calendar somehow ? 
  i 'm using bbc terminology ... sorry if it does n't match yours . 
  copy pasting and expanding one of my previous answers : public perception is that germany basically invited migrants into everybody 's countries . 
  some seem to like it . 
  we do n't . 
  it will not work : migrants will just leave to germany anyway . 
  whatever the number , it 's obsolete already . 
  the v4 + romania knew that if they agree now with any mandatory quotas more will follow soon . 
  let 's say romania can cope with the 4600 - how about when there will be 40 000 more ? 
  doubt the ee countries have the resources to deal with that magnitude , i mean just look at the statistics with poverty in the region ( assuming 1 million migrants by mid next year ) . 
  hypocrisy : hungary was criticized by western countries who do the same . 
  perception here is that the west is glad we 're doing the shit work while they can show their humanism . 
  there is widespread speculation that germany will keep the useful migrants ( i.e. 
  some education/work experience ) and will spread the illiterate and those suspected ( but without proof ) of being ex-criminals . 
  it is also probably one of the firsts when such a major decision is taken by majority and not unanimity . 
  heck , the greek crisis did n't involved loss of sovereignty and was still taken with unanimity .
