  that 'll default to a humanitarian crisis . 
  no country on the migration paths ( even taken together ) can handle 1 million people . 
  also that would mean publicly denouncing of #willkomenskutur . 
  do you think germany will ever do that ? 
   which does n't help most germans , just the companies eu money does n't go straight to citizen 's pockets either  for example strabag was for a while the constant winner of all highways in hungary . 
   the same way they did it before schengen and dublin no offence , you did n't had 10 k / day before schengen and dublin . 
  i guess germany can handle , less so for austria . 
  also , would n't sending everyone back be against the german constitution ? 
  in eu the governments are expected to provide with food and shelter - and after a while to allow family reunification . 
  so parent probably means : boring food ( e.g. 
  macaron ) and bare minimum shelter . 
  i guess that 's quite different than what us offers to mexican immigrants . 
   the situation thats being used as justification is entirely different from whats currently going on here and now let 's agree to disagree then . 
  i do n't see this huge difference . 
   and there are possibilities ( legal ones ) to work against this sort of thing , rather than trying to `` just not do it '' yes . 
  and this is exactly what will happen . 
  `` just not do it '' is how it was reported by media but not what happens at diplomatic level . 
  for example hungary and slovakia contested the quota decision at the ecj ( entirely legal ) . 
  should the verdict be against we will choose whether to implement the quota or pay the fine . 
  such cases are monitored by ec who can issue infringements . 
  i do n't know about your country but in hungary this are taken very seriously . 
  seriously , nobody here will go openly against rules and regulations even if `` we do n't wan na '' ( mostly for fear of infringement procedure ) . 
   so i dont see country flair . 
  just fyi i 'm hungarian , lol . 
  ( so i was referring to orban as idiotic )  thats completely unrelated to the subject matter . 
  try again . 
  so 1 million easterners are a problem to be regulated/opt-out while a million migrants are not ? 
   they sure are acting like spoiled brats , then , wanting the benefits without putting something back into the union , dont you think ? 
  make up your mind . 
  on one hand you said you want a clear message like `` we do n't want migrants '' - you got that message clearly from v4 . 
  on another you seem to complain about the same thing ... would have been better if v4 would have said `` sure give us the refugees '' then do nothing ? 
  ( like others did ) . 
  also to my knowledge , this is the first time when there is such a strong opposition to germany 's proposal . 
  so yeah , i consider it a tad unfair to make such blank statements considering the 10 + years in the union . 
  also are you sure western economies are at loss if you consider the profits the western companies do in the ee ? 
  or that half of romania agricultural land is owned by foreigners . 
  i use west and ee politically , not geographically . 
   germans see more money leaving than coming it which kind of cancels it all out . 
  you forget the profits of the german corporations operating in those countries . 
  many thanks !, 
   new additions to the union has anything to do with this particular situation parent was just giving an example involving large population relocation . 
   be honest : `` we dont want those immigrants '' . 
  i think v4 was quite honest on this . 
  as opposed to some other member states who voted for the redistribution of the 160k then promptly forgot about it . 
  otherwise how one could explain they managed to relocate few hundreds in 3 months . 
   but dont pretend like there arent benefits youre drawing out of the eu nobody claimed there are no benefits . 
  quite the contrary imo . 
   if you refraim from your responsibilities towards the other memberstates , now that its your turn to actually do something for the union i have no idea what responsibilities you are referring to . 
  our idiotic prime minister repeatedly stated the hungary will fulfill all of our duties . 
   they can simply close their border , and , if nothing changes , they will do so sooner then later . 
  and how exactly would they do that ? 
   slavoj zizek wrote an excellent article on this . 
  can you link please ? 
  ( i like reading zizek ) . 
   if poland started to become richer than the average eu country those transfers would end funds get allocated to regions not countries afaik . 
  even germany receives money back for the poor regions ( mostly in the east ) . 
  ok , by your logic , what the contributions have to do with refugees then ? 
  while we ought to learn from history we do n't need to repeat the past mistakes . 
  for example , can you imagine today a france vs germany war ? 
  politically there is flux and reflux - yes , we expanded the union , now you have the nationalist reflux ( not necessarily a bad thing ) - but will move to the point where we will have an european identity ( ~ 30 years from now ), 
  ok , am i the only one whom does n't understand why there will be unhappiness/opposition with the member states ? 
  i mean , if any country considers this guys are not doing their jobs they can deploy their parallel border control . 
  thanks for your answer . 
   none of these people are fleeing war , they are not refugees not provoking , but how did your authorities know that ? 
  also , what did you do with them while processing ? 
  honestly it starts being annoying that whenever europe faces some crisis there is some `` prophet '' predicting it 's demise . 
  yes , we had , have and will have crisis - but i still strongly believe that eu as a concept will survive . 
   so the new zealander had spent enough time in finland to have two kids and she could n't understand any finnish ? 
  that 's entirely plausible since almost everyone in finland speaks excellent english . 
   last time i checked germany does n't have control over greek , macedonian , serbian , hungarian , croatian , slovenian and austrian borders . 
  why bother controlling when it can just enforce quotas ... 
  also called politics . 
  well , if she also puts actions where her mouth is it will certainly help . 
  our police did n't bothered to aim low ... few people got blinded after head shots . 
  ( video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcpvorfsr2u - shows police shooter at ~ 0:30 ), 
  just do n't go there . 
  you ` we been warned . 
  during ex government the riot police used rubber bullets to `` pacify '' the most troublesome protesters . 
  it worked . 
  i think/hope it 's illegal now . 
   does not say that it 's illegal what they say in my understanding is that the ecall will not track you but there might be some 3 ` rd party services ( where you opt in yourself ) that might do so ( with your consent ) . 
  here 's a quick scenario : cheaper insurance if you allow to be tracked so that the insurance company knows you do n't overspeed . 
  if they stay and work here sure do . 
  also working ( temporarily ) in a foreign country is a great experience . 
  also it depends on what type of graduates - 100 000 extra lawyers will probably not be so good for the country , 
  the red caption means `` learning , working in other ( eu ) member states '' . 
  the logo makes me think they want to raise the new generation of hungarian handy man to complement the polish plumbers . 
  what would you like us to play - victors ? 
  ask the romanian orthodox church to take them back ? 
  in hungary the online ones are more likely making fun of the pushed to extreme pc present more to the west . 
  this left right thing looks weirder and weirder . 
  fn 's economic program stops short of communism ( veeery left ) . 
   wants to hedge against currency risk i 'm far for being an expert in finances ( i.e. 
  you are probably right ) but is n't it that in the scenario you describe the company would first pay for the hedge ( and lose 0.3 % ) and then one for the loan itself . 
  ( still 0.3 % of total ) . 
  so it will lose significantly only if there are money moved from one account to another 100 times/day . 
  in hungary we have a tax of 0.3 % on any financial transaction - i guess this is something similar . 
  not exactly huge unless you are a speculator . 
  we have some other `` fun '' songs as well : http://www.historicmysteries.com/gloomy-sunday-suicide-song/, 
   between q2/2014 and q2/2015 more than 101000 people requested asylum in hungary now could the rest of the planet stop bashing us for not being migrant friendly ?
