  edit : how much would you pay for unlimited access for a 10m people market ? 
   the lies nationalists tell themselves thank you for the insult . 
  is there anyway i could help you today ? 
  agree . 
  who shall decide if an eu member violates the rule of law ? 
  if the answer is germany then i 'd say hungary shall quit eu . 
  sorry , i am very eurofederalist but you do n't buy a country for 3-4b eur/year . 
  edit : considering all capital flows , i am not even sure we are net receivers . 
  currently ec can withdraw funds in case of infringement . 
  if i remember well , there were cases where ec started the infringement procedure but the country sued at ecj and won . 
  also the article is mostly about jobbik , why did they put orban in the pic ? 
  fot the full presentation ( 53 slides ) : http://www.iri.org/sites/default/files/four_country_full_presentation_may_24_2017.pdf, 
  just because something ca n't be defined precisely or measured it does n't mean it does n't exist - take pretty much any human feeling for example . 
   it 's an indefinable something actually it can be defined . 
  the problem is you ca n't have a definition that everyone will agree to . 
   love british shows they 'll brexit :(, 
   we bring back the visa regime we did n't removed visas for turkey - or did i missed something ? 
   has it made to court ? 
  it has n't made it not even to the cc . 
  ec and ep started investigations , and that 's it for the time being . 
   the u.s. government ** has no authority ** or intention to enter into negotiations on the operation of central european university or other universities in hungary . 
  he 'll play this till next year 's election . 
  and if erdo decides to withdraw from the current treaty and we 'll see 2015 sptember repeat , he 'll win 2/3rd of the parliament . 
   his money has been found tied in some manifestations here . 
  do you have a source ? 
  because i have seen tons of propaganda and zero evidence . 
  i think geneva convention stipulates that a country can not treat refugees ( i.e. 
  people granted legal refugee status ) differently than locals, 
  thanks , i did n't say we do n't have such treaties - i wanted to say we are still far from implementing it . 
   eu a clear mandate to organize a common asylum policy we are very far from it , currently it 's handled by member states - heck we do n't even have eu wide return agreements with failed asylum seekers . 
  also it 's worth remembering that the talk on making this quotas permanent was on the table ( although it 's not discussed anymore ) . 
  i do n't love soros but i care more what government does with my money than what soros does with his . 
  on ngo law - i do n't understand what problem would it solve other than the gvnt needs to discredit ngos ( e.g. 
  atlatszo - which specializes in government corruption ), 
   ignore a legally binding decision if we talk only of legality everybody should chill until the ecj decides on the legality of said request . 
  if ecj deams the quota legal then ec should ( starting september ) start the infringement procedure for all countries not fulfilling the quota . 
  why are hungary & poland singled out ? 
  - i guess you are 100 % right with it being a show of power . 
  i think ngo law is stupid as well but then hey , the government needs a local face of bad wolf soros . 
  excuse my saltiness : if orban hosts putin in budapest , hungary is suddenly pro russia and orban is putin 's bitch . 
  if macron does it is a form of diplomacy and leadership right ? 
  i am not fond of orban but i am sick and tired of exaggerations from the media . 
  i am also not criticizing macron in any way !, 
  yes , absolutely . 
  whereas i mostly support orban 's policy wrt migrants , i fully reject his stance wrt ngos - if any of them is doing something illegal , that 's the job of secret service and police to stop them ; not blank blaming all ngos who receive funding from abroad . 
  do n't get us started , 
  some of them are a pain in government 's ass , that 's why . 
  for example some ngos are exposing mishandling of public money , forced the disclosure of national bank 's spending and another one successfully represented two migrants at echr . 
  great post - you are 100 % right . 
  more pics from the event : http://index.hu/galeria/index/belfold/2017/05/21/nem_maradunk_csendben_kormanyellenes_tuntetes_budapesten/, 
  sweden held talks with us on extradition : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/assange-could-face-espionage-trial-in-us-2154107.html sweden refused giving assange guarantee they wo n't deport him . 
  also sweden was one of the few sites providing extraordinary rendition for cia black flights . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/repatriation_of_ahmed_agiza_and_muhammad_al-zery do you have any source or calling people who disagree with you idiots will suffice ? 
  somehow , they left this out :  on 30 august , assange attended a police station in stockholm voluntarily and answered the questions put to him . 
  he understood that was the end of the matter . 
  two days later , ny announced she was re-opening the case . 
   for five weeks , assange waited in sweden for the renewed `` rape investigation '' to take its course . 
  the guardian was then on the brink of publishing the iraq `` war logs '' , based on wikileaks ' disclosures , which assange was to oversee in london . 
  finally , he was allowed him to leave . 
  as soon as he had left , marianne ny issued a european arrest warrant and an interpol `` red alert '' normally used for terrorists and dangerous criminals . 
  also this sounds weird to say the least :  marianne ny refused to allow his swedish lawyers , and the swedish courts , access to hundreds of sms messages that the police had extracted from the phone of one of the two women involved in the `` rape '' allegations . 
  police can press formal charges regardless on whether someone is hiding or not , c'mon . 
  except he was never formally charged . 
   what could have been worse ? 
  cutting the wages even lower . 
  if you look at ee , salaries and pensions are lower than in greece ; they were also forced to sell for peanuts pretty much everything in the early '90s, 
  how about we do an exercise and think what would be the situation in greece should eu did n't existed ? 
  even today , situation in greece is better that in let 's say bulgaria not to speak of non-eu members ( macedonia or serbia ) . 
  so yes , i understand you are angry and that greece is in a bad situation - but it probably have been even worse without eu . 
  i half agree . 
  orban is clearly trying to build a media empire - there is no disagreement here , and to bully rtl klub with the idiotic ad law - i really hope brussels will shut it down again . 
  but this did n't start with orban - all previous governments tried something similar - e.g. 
  in 2010 there was very little pro-orban media ( nb . 
  i 'm just giving context not excusing him ) . 
   free media is an essential part of democracy of course it is - and in hungary anyone can create a media outlet or be as critical to the government as she wants . 
   it is also wrong . 
  but that does n't make the pro-orban oligarchs using the media for him any better . 
  i was pointing out the hypocrisy of some people complaining about freedom of press only when anti-orban press get impacted . 
  i do n't know how is in germany , but here , sad fact is that as long as majority of media is owned by oligarchs there will be no independent media . 
   oligarchs who got rich because of their connection to orban buy media-outlets that then fall in line with the government ? 
  yes , that is undemocratic i thought democracy has to do with will of the people . 
  simicska got rich because of his connection with orban , broke up with him and instructed his media to be anti-orban overnight . 
  is that democratic ? 
  - 'cause i have n't heard a pip from defenders of journalists when that happened . 
   and introducing a special tax is pretty close to it that came after , and it was clearly targeted at rtl klub , it 's unrelated with the rest . 
  and yes , you are right , is stupid !, 
  if you really want to criticize orban - on something directly related to state policies , check the national radio license allocation and class fm . 
  so how is oligarchs buying media un-democratic now ? 
  it 's not like orban gave a law forcing anyone to sell . 
  btw : largest anti-orban media belongs to an oligarch as well . 
  it 's also really hard to talk of independent media ( maybe rtl klub ) but hungarian owned ones are anything but independent . 
   ( surprise surprise ) that 's exactly the reason why i asked , and thanks a bunch for the answer - we 're doing the same thing except we do n't allow them to move inside schengen ( some ngos call that imprisonment )  its people traveling through to get to sweden and failing how can they be failing ? 
  i mean go at danish border , claim asylum , get the pocket-money , get on a bus/train to the swedish border , do the same ? 
  chapter 3.1415 !, 
  they are obviously against the values of eu !, 
  / jk edit : on a serious note - what does danemark do if a persons shows up at their border ( secured or not ) and claims asylum ? 
   certain mr. reagan once said that he was n't going to care about the deficit , as the deficit is grown enough to take care about itself never heard this one before , had a huge laugh !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i also remember you said i listen to same music as your mother which is fine since i 'm probably around the same age as her  - you have an easy to remember username - and i tend to be lateish a lot !, 
  i apologize/mii de scuze/ezer bocsanat - did n't wanted to creep you out - just remembered something you said publicly ( i.e.
