  in late commie times it did n't matter anymore . 
  heck , one of the slogans when miners went to `` defend '' the romanian democracy in '90 was `` death to intellectuals '' and `` we work , we do n't think '' . 
  even now , when there is a change in regime directors in public administration are automatically replaced people loyal to the new public . 
  did n't your parents thought you at an early age to never mention it to anyone ? 
  ( 'cause mine certainly did ) . 
   that was 1 hour of broadcast you are exaggerating - there were 2 full hours , and in the late '80s they raised to three . 
  you also had 10 min of disney cartoons on sat and sun - how can you complain ?? 
  apart from the things already mentioned the worst thing in communism was the moral corruption of the society - the fact that you were promoted if you knew the right people , regardless of competence . 
  you also got advantages compared to regular folk , again by knowing the right people . 
  sadly this type of attitude of `` who do you know '' rather than `` what do you know '' is still very much present in government and administration . 
  also i am not sure i understand your question : if you ask any north korean they 'll tell you , sure life is hard but we have periods of joy - yesterday we had 200 g of cabbage for each of us , ai n't it great ? 
  if you delete the www it 'll work . 
  holly macaroni , that 's some list ,, 
   not with how the information space looks nowadays care to explain a bit more ? 
  - to me it looks like internet is closing down rather than opening up . 
   even the chinese ... 
  i have actually been to china many times - all dissenting information is diverted/removed there . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the same - i 'm saying it looks like going the same way . 
  sorry , i am probably paranoid , but my life behind iron curtain made me wary of governments protecting me from harmful information for my own good ... 
  so cnn telling it 's illegal to read wikileaks is fake news or not in your opinion ? 
  should cnn be banned ? https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20161019/07004935835/cnn-tells-viewers-illegal-them-to-read-wikileaks-document-dumps-cnn-is-wrong.shtml, 
  then how would that be different from today ? 
  i mean what would be the purpose then for this ministry of truth ? 
  you mean the scary black ones - yes , ban 'em all . 
  also introduce regulation that no truck can have a reservoir bigger than 10l !!!!, 
  ( still jk if it was n't clear ) . 
   so i do n't think this is a cover for government censorship . 
  may i ask why not ? 
  as someone who grew up behind the `` iron courtain '' you would be surprised on how much governments try to control news . 
  the only side effect will be that rumors will skyrocket . 
  heck , i remember the rumors of crocodile in the river who ate someone in the village up or down stream ( never in my small city ) . 
   better ban trucks too . 
  trucks do n't kill , people do . 
  the obvious solution is to give a truck to everyone . 
  this way when a bad guy with a truck comes , some good guys in trucks will stop them . 
  / s if it is n't obvious . 
  3 times 8 digits it 's normal ( although for country internal transactions you might see only the last 16 ) , pl is the country code and 35 i guess is the bank . 
  a bit late - events in berlin happened . 
   i am convinced that pretty much only `` reacting '' was possible here . 
  a leader will always avoid getting put in a situation where `` reacting '' is the only way out . 
  that 's as important as creating the opportunities . 
  srsly , project management 101 : risk list , all with mitigation plans , etc. 
  there were 3-4 000 edit : per day , migrants going through hungary in march-may already . 
   the message that you were overwhelmed was clear though we were n't . 
  really . 
  or you think that our riot police ( one of the few things actually well functioning in this country ) ca n't cope with 2000 people ?? 
  edit : also do you have a source ? 
  i keep hearing this ...  nobody but us even made attempts of leadership . 
   the proposal from the v4 was not really leadership therewasanattempt - give me that . 
  ofc it was not leadership - my leadership test is the following : is anyone following out of their free will ? 
  merkel failed btw . 
  to be fair though , it 's next to impossible to get a truck in front of bazilika or vorosmarty square due to narrow streets , buildings and permanent bollards . 
  rt they did n't support clinton for example , 
  stop oppressing me you edgelord !!!!, 
  i 'm scratching my head as well on this one . 
   massive increase in social unrest in the city since the refugee crisis . 
  chaos at train stations and protests in the streets have erupted several times i mean we had a few demonstration with like 200 people more than a year ago . 
  hyena ( predatory ) taxis are probably more dangerous to civil safety than what they mention ,, 
  i do n't care what politicians say - i care what they do . 
  do you deny that whomever wanted to and made it to the border , i.e. 
  more than one million people entered eu virtually unchecked ? 
  and i was referring more about media , not politicians . 
   overwhelmed by massive need for help by allowing them eu allocated less funds to help so yeah . 
   in the end allowing a portion of those refugees into europe to help them here is very prudent care to explain how you ended up with this conclusion ? 
  great , let 's trivialize terror attacks ... now excuse me while i puke . 
  hello mr. thought police officer . 
   the berlin lorry attack was covered in literally all the media i did n't claimed differently  complaining about cencorship is disingenuous where the fuck was i complaining ? 
   a 500 word article triggered you guys so much ... 
  i 'd appreciate if you stop making assumption about how i feel . 
  if you are curious just ask . 
   anything not immediately recognizable as anti-refugee . 
  was there any in the mainstream media ? 
  or is the fact that the alleged perpetrator is tunisian is now `` anti-refugee '' ? 
  last time i checked none of those countries were neighboring eu and the wars were ongoing for 4 + years . 
  the feels drove the acceptance of public that the ** only ** way those poor souls can be helped is by allowing everyone in . 
  btw , why stop at syria , afghanistan and iraq - let me help your narrative : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts, 
   ignore any and all rationality just because it 's too challenging and tiring for you . 
  strictly from a rational perspective the correct thing would be to not allow ever any refugees ( regardless where they come from ) due to the associated security risk . 
  orban did the same : gave casinos and tobacco distribution to friends . 
  rumors are saying there are intentions to do the same for alcohol and advertising . 
  this is one of the best top posts in this thread . 
   not another emotional plead from a journalist the bodies of the victims were still warm and already some part of the press was worried about islamophobia rather than victims or their families . 
  this whole fucking crisis was manufactured based on feels : he dead little kid ( sure do his parents have no fault ) , everybody is syrian - woman or children , letting everyone is the only thing to do , etc ... 
  that 's a humanitarian thing only for diseases prevention . 
  preventing terrorism in such way is inhuman apparently . 
   rejecting the notion that one group 's rights are infinitely more important than another 's . 
  my in-group 's rights will always come first and in some cases infinitely more important than other 's indeed . 
  live thread : https://www.reddit.com/live/y4kse2ib8b37/, 
  what do you mean in budapest we 're arrogant ???? 
  it 's just the jealousy of videki paraszt speaking !!!, 
  :p ( videki paraszt = = countryside rednecks ) . 
  in my management 101 book a leader will create the opportunity not always react to it . 
  that 's not leadership , that 's operations/management . 
  i am still surprised that merkel apparently got unprepared by the events . 
  also to be pedantic ( although you are a bit right ) : we did n't asked for help , we asked wat do ? 
   nobody but us even made attempts of leadership . 
  cough , cough , v4 had alternate proposals since august last year . 
  but then muh solidarity was the popular song . 
  agree , but we still have to respect them ... 
   ... and exactly how does this not fall under `` hold them back by force '' ?
