   what i find disgraceful is that he kept on attacking germany and austria after that for providing the very help he asked for to insist on following the very dublin regulations he worked around when it did n't suit him you mean just like germany insisted hungary does while at the same time bashing us , in the months before sept 5 ? 
  i agree , orban could have stfu - i guess he felt vindicated . 
   if faymann allowed people into austria without having the backing from merkel he would have been in an even worse situation . 
  i 'm with you . 
  but at the same time people went bananas for hungary not allowing people in hungary ( and we did n't have anyone 's backing ) . 
  do n't forget to convince the refugees to also want distribute themselves . 
   also do n't forget that it was orban that forced austria and germany to open the border only to shun them days later for not closing the border generally speaking , if hungary ( whoever it 's leader be ) can force germany ( whoever it 's leader be ) into doing something , then the german leadership is doing something terribly wrong . 
  while i understand on why germany and austria felt `` forced '' , please consider that orban had exactly the same choices as fenyman : stop the migrants by force and face massive international backlash or let them go . 
  a bit unrelated , from yesterday 's great report - it was weird on how fenyman consulted with merkel on almost everything . 
  we get flack not for making the decision at the border but for worries that a due process is actually happening ( with right of appeal , etc ) . 
  anyway since per hungarian law people coming from a safe country will not be granted asylum is more like beating a bush around . 
  according to some directive we can not keep people locked for the duration of the process ( which makes austria unhappy ) so denials are handed over on the spot . 
  what do you do with people who get rejected ? 
  is russia taking them back ? 
  what the article does n't mention ( and we will probably know it only from merkel 's autobiography ) is how she and fenyman thought it 's a `` one time only '' thing ... asuming they really thought so . 
  we do the same - did norway put judges at the border for ruling or how is it done ? 
  yup , excellent reporting , thanks for sharing . 
  ok , i edited the parent - thanks for your patience . 
  sigh !, 
  as said already if asked directly `` can any country discriminate based on religion '' she could n't had possibly say yes !, 
  but how the heck this sentence leads to me saying :  no , it is about the fact that you talk about it like everyone want to discriminate muslims , and that the only reason people dont want them in their country . 
  and you being cheeky and winky about that , and while there 's winky , where 's the chicky ? 
  - and i put the winky because i was stating the obvious . 
  this sounds very similar to how things went ( still going ? ), 
  in romania . 
  i am more and more convinced you are confusing me with another user with hungarian flag - would you please go through my posting history ( you can do that by clicking on my username ) and find the offending comment ? 
  i do n't mind being called names for the things i said , but i do mind for things i did n't ... btw : i do n't recall ever telling on how everyone discriminates muslims . 
  idk about other industry sectors but in it expats are mostly from rich country to poorer country . 
  sir , what discrimination ? 
  i have no idea what you are talking about - is it about my sentence that discriminating based on religion would not be constitutional ? 
  this is a fact , i like it or not !, 
  geez , you sure meant the answer to me ? 
  merkel was asked `` can a eu country refuse muslim migrants '' ? 
  i said obviously she could n't have answered differently !, 
  that does n't mean i agree with her and i do n't want forced quotas . 
  yup , i remember czech president saying something like this . 
  orban does n't say explicitly muslims ( at least not that i remember of ) but of all troubles we 'll have from illegal migrants and how we do n't want any of it . 
  thanks for the insult . 
  care to explain ? 
  i do n't think there is anything it can be done at this scale to prevent them from going to the bottom . 
  i mean we 're talking of hundred of thousands of people 20-30 yo , coming from a different culture , low education and close to no marketable skills . 
  we have troubles with gypsies and at least we can put some pressure on sending them to school , etc. 
  the only difference between hungarian and polish engineers when asked to do something is : hungarian : it 's impossible pole : yes but , and proceeds to explain why is impossible truly cousins !, 
   so you would agree then it would be illegal in hungary to deny a person asylum because of their religion ? 
  obviously - and even if we did echr would kick our asses fast . 
  hungary denies most asylum requests on the basis that requesters come from/through at lease one safe country . 
  ( actually most asylum requests are canceled because requester disappeared - but that 's another story ) . 
  i also think hungary must fulfill its international obligations , so should ecj decide we have to take them we 'll have to swallow the bitter pill and do what the rest of eu22 ( who relocated 3 out of 160k ) does . 
   social standing is by far the number 1 decisive factor in criminality and where do you think this new wave of immigration will end up ( on average ) on the social scale ? 
  / u/denswend - i 'm also interested !, 
   she 's referring to the refugees v4 ... you mean v27 ... and at least in hungary and slovakia we 'll wait for ecj 's decision . 
  ~ ~ she 's a politician - what would you wanted her to say ? 
  `` it 's totally ok to discriminate based on religion '' ? 
   ~ ~ edit : what i meant is that as a politician she could n't had answered `` yes '' if directly asked `` it 's ok to discriminate based on any religion '', 
   stealth tank what stealth tank ? 
  i though you are hiding you stealth space program next to the train with the nazi gold , 
   support of asylum in the eu ? 
  your question is a bit confusing . 
  are you asking of an eu wide common asylum policy ? 
   would you say that it is fine to discriminate on religious grounds ? 
  that would be illegal by any eu member 's constitution ... 
   but i think even here most people would not say `` it 's in their blood '' anymore you certainly do n't go to kesdobalo ( cheap ? ), 
  pubs ... when there i mostly keep my `` very liberal '' - by those standards - opinions to myself . 
   clearance rate incarceration rate and clearance rate are not because fit either then because the law varies . 
  in many western countries you 'll get suspended sentence for something that 'll put you into jail here ( source : interview with pick-pocketers ) . 
  and even if we take incarceration rate that means almost nothing because that 'll mean us is the most unsecure country in the western world which i doubt . 
   almost every piece of safety stat that is fit for international comparison ...  for the most part crime statistics are not ideal for comparison , because what one country 's law classes as , let 's say , assault , might be classified differently or not even considered that in another country . 
  could you please make up your mind ? 
  i 'm still curious how you will dismiss the one statistic which actually compares apples to apples : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5014x8/eu_nations_must_not_to_refuse_muslim_migrants/d70fbmo  hungary and sweden have similarly sized populations , yet one has 6,000 , the other 18,000 people in their prisons . 
  which one would you pick as presumably safer based on these metrics ? 
  hungary , obviously - the baddies are locked up !, 
  if you want a meaningful comparison you should do an analysis on things which get you to jail in hungary and does n't in sweden . 
   i can imagine that there are still 160k in greek and italian camp greece has around 40k ( and this is after the balkan route was closed ) . 
  i do n't know of italy - i guess it depends if austria/switzerland and france close that route as well . 
  imo is a circus . 
  the famous 160k never existed - i mean one year ago it was n't like there were 160k people in greece and italy waiting to be relocated - within days they were all in germany and sweden . 
   they could just say they want to take the most prosecuted ones , we could just say we 'll take them and do nothing ( like eu 22 ) . 
  or we could say we 'll take them and actually take them because they 'll be gone within a month anyway . 
   good thing poland has unlimited respawns ... my sides ... and lvl 99 paladins ( we just call then winged hussars ) , 
  so would now be a better time ? 
   which will take generation to equal itself out . 
  generations living prosperously . 
  it 's easy to preach morality when you are not hungry . 
  for the rest you are over simplifying . 
   i think the biggest geo-political mistake of recent years was admitting certain eastern european states in to the eu too hastily . 
  how else should this be interpreted than we should had rejected ee ? 
  also was n't brexit all about rejecting ee people ? 
  thanks a lot for the great answer . 
  also big thanks to / u/epicflyingcat, 
  ok , this is very un-reddity ( because on reddit everyone is an expert ) but could you please eli15 why he thinks german surplus is wrong on a planetary level ? 
  - i admit , i did n't understood a thing !, 
  at the time of the famous illiberal-democracy speech he was referring to liberalism mostly from economical perspective ( e.g. 
  banks vs individuals ) and duties of government . 
  he also said :  it does not deny foundational values of liberalism , as freedom , etc. . 
  but it does not make this ideology a central element of state organization , but applies a specific , national , particular approach in its stead . 
  obviously the media did n't bothered reading the whole speech and ever since it 's presenting illiberal-democracy as meaning non democracy . 
  full speech [ here ] ( http://budapestbeacon.com/public-policy/full-text-of-viktor-orbans-speech-at-baile-tusnad-tusnadfurdo-of-26-july-2014/10592 ) relevant part in the middle . 
  actually the then austrian chancellor was in the vocal camp as well . 
  i remember when he refused to answer orban 's call when we had the 2500 people marching on m1 . 
  edit : grammar,
