  - we might have a referendum on mandatory sunday big shop closure . 
  the approved question is `` do you agree that retail shops could be closed on sunday '' . 
  collective head scratching on what 's the correct answer . 
  - entire cigarettes distribution to be monopolized/centralised . 
  as a result big producers ( e.g. 
  philip morris ) will stop selling their brands until a pow is issued from brussels . 
  good bye marlboro man . 
  - rtl klub ( anti orban and largest tv station ) is banned from parliament normal news : - brussels suspends construction of new reactors in paks ( the one with russian loan ) due to direct contract - fich keeps hungary in junk category - pensions to rise 1.6 % next year - mav ( train company ) to cut on number of trains to save costs, 
   what would be the point of going to sweden and germany if you are an illegal family/friends , working on black market , possibly organized gangs ... and if there is any loophole in the german law , that 'll be ( ab ) used . 
  edit : how about refugees return en mass from ee and apply for asylum in germany claiming human rights abuses in ee . 
  they will have to get some temporary protection until a judge ? 
  decides on a case by case which can take years . 
  oh please , merkel did realpolitik for 10 years . 
  let 's not erase that due to one unrealpolitik . 
  can we apply our laws in hungary then ? 
  ( e.g. 
  wrt to granting asylum ) . 
  i 'm skeptical that anything will happen even with quotas for two main reasons : - you can not force refugees to stay in a country ( and as we know begging in sweden gives you more money than living on benefits in romania ) - it assumes turkey actually is able/willing to stop the inflow, 
   eastern europe is in to a weak position to resist all quota attempts . 
  500k refugees a year would be nothing . 
  what makes you think the ee would be the only ones resisting quotas ? 
  - if we look at the current implementation most countries are dragging their feet . 
   eastern europeans seem to think they have a natural right to live in western europe unless you provide a source i disagree . 
  good intentions - protecting the eu people from tracking - formulated by technically clueless people . 
  basically the websites are asking : do you agree to have your online behavior tracked ? 
  you should totally send in the broom stick enabled tanks !, 
   they are in for an interesting experience you could also add sauna + jumping in the lake and surstr\u00f6mming . 
  true ; there is this saying that when you point a finger at someone , you have 3 fingers pointing at yourself while someone up there is watching . 
   denmark never rejected them apparently it does now ? 
   in addition , around 200 refugees who want to return to denmark from sweden are not able to make it , according to data to svt news sk\u00e5ne agree about the violence part - we had daily riots here . 
  that raises an interesting point : in denmark 's eye they are not refugees ( because they would allow them otherwise ) in sweden 's eye they are ( because the article says so ) . 
  i apologize , i meant attitude in w europe in general , not you in particular . 
  i love it when i 'm in the country side ( and my wife is n't watching ) . 
  because there the breakfast is : coffee , cigs + palinka . 
  it 's definitely fun to move from sleepy to dizzy . 
  extra care needed with the door frames indeed . 
  got ta love the logical part in the answer / s, 
   countries should share the refugee load my country takes care of the people deemed as refugees under the hungarian law . 
  seriously , i do n't complain about germany/sweden 's lax laws ( since i believe any country has the right to its own laws ) but then please do n't blame it on us either . 
   show them real and not idealistic version of their countries . 
  that 'll be at odds with tourism !, 
   but how can they tell who 's from syria , iraq and afghanistan in hungarian media it is reported they will also use translators . 
  it 's not the leaders who should be warned/convinced but the general population - which is mission impossible in some countries . 
  this gives us an interesting dilemma : should an existing center party move to the right and risk not being able to form the government without the help of an extreme right party . 
  ( or in extreme situation having the extreme right party forming the government alone ) . 
  edit : a word, 
   it 's a sad state of affairs for europe that there does n't seem to exist one nation which is tolerant and accepting of non-white people in europe there is quite little skin color based racism ( as in us ) but national based ( generally speaking , richer countries consider themselves superior to poorer neighbors ) - and i would n't call that one racism but discrimination . 
  i guess the point the article tries to make is that everyone entering israel is considered a security risk until cleared . 
  because i consider there is a huge difference between innocent and accident . 
  i 'm an old man ... and effectively crying !, 
  why this fucking violence ????? 
  why , why , why ????? 
  very many thanks . 
  @moderators : respectfully requesting a live thread until the situation gets a bit more clear . 
   these 40 year-old computers are less powerful than today 's pocket calculators , and use out-of-date programming languages like fortran no offence , but is n't it true ? 
  a modern mobile phone/ipad is more powerful than the machine running windows 3.1, 
   who knows ? 
  that 's a good way of putting things . 
  i know i 'm not adding to the discussion , but i want to reiterate that i fully agree with you , more than an anonymous upvote does , 
  agree with you . 
  the article is worth reading even if the first paragraph is partly factually wrong . 
   without berlin 's pressure to reach an agreement , the euro zone could easily have split or lost greece this is incorrect , schlaube was the one pushing for greece to exit , not exactly not splitting or losing greece . 
  also :  finally , germany 's decision to accept large numbers of refugees coming through southern member states prevented the imminent collapse of the eu 's migration scheme and forced a burden-sharing arrangement on the remaining member states is arguable . 
  eu migration scheme is non existant at the moment . 
  unfortunately there are still countries ( e.g. 
  hungary and romania ) where most people are living in denial that we also actively contributed to the holocaust . 
   and the only way in which to educate and train people on how to respond to manipulated history is to confront them with it . 
  this will work only if assuming that everyone is educated in history which , unfortunately , is not the case . 
   was driving the refugees/migrants directly to the austrian border if i remember correctly , in the day of confusion upon german announcement that they will suspend dublin , many migrants boarded a train thinking it 'll go to austria . 
  the authorities took the train to the camp in bicske ( ~ 20 km from budapest ) so people felt cheated . 
  cmon , `` handling '' in germany is much more than handling in jordan ( i.e. 
  provide tents + food - and much of it is coming from unhcr anyway ), 
  in many articles , bbc uses the term migrants with the note :  the bbc uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum . 
  this group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as syria , who are likely to be granted refugee status , as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives , who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants . 
  interesting choice of words for this report . 
  ok , how do you think all those `` refugees welcome '' messages were interpreted ? 
  stay at home ? 
  ( yes , i know , germany never said `` please come '' ), 
  no , lol , that 's not what i meant . 
  what i meant by `` political ... reduced humanism '' is the attitude of the government ( reflected in laws and procedures ) by not considering apriori everyone who bangs at the border a `` refugee fleeing for their lifes '' as opposed to current attitude of `` let everyone in and will handle somehow '' how this attitude is implemented depends on geography and other things , naturally . 
  but are n't the transit zones at the german border supposed to have a similar role ? 
  this is bad . 
  honestly , i really do n't see any other solution from political perspective than greatly reducing the humanism to australia level . 
  poland is not on the easiest migration path , so no need to worry for now . 
  sorry , but this looks like treating a headache with a kick in the balls . 
  this is really funny indeed , 
  yeah , i think we still have that camp at 200 m from the austrian border . 
   there are 2 million refugees in camps most of them are not in camps . 
  you are correct though , turkey has no legal obligation on taking them back . 
  nah , german team will be disqualified for `` optimizing '' the emission levels :d, 
  both orbanator and angry birds foreign affair minister said repeatedly that while will fight the quota system , hungary will respect it 's obligations . 
  also poland said something similar . 
  so yes , v4 will accept the quota if deemed legal , so what 's the problem ? 
  do you think they will still cross if they know there is almost no chance to get to germany ? 
   also i have not yeet seen a proposition from an eastern european country that is in line with things like the eu charta of human rights or the geneva refugee convention . 
  here is hungary 's proposal , could you please tell me which part is anti-geneva convention ? 
  relocation of refugees on a global level , i.e. 
  not only eu member states should be part of the compulsory quota system . 
  privileged partnership with turkey and other key countries ; reviewing the relationship with russia . 
  setting up a eur 3 bn crisis management fund by reducing costs by 1 % and increasing contributions by 1 % .
