  chronic diseases put one into a class of disability so that they do n't need to worry about insurance . 
  so yes , on average , everybody is better off - but if you seek a non approved treatment ( too expensive ) you are on your own . 
  ( i guess this is why i kept hearing of death panels in context of obamacare ) - the ethical question is real : should we pay 100k eur to extend someone 's life with one month ( in pain ) or pay for 10 other people 's treatment . 
   doubt it about the us us - due to your flair . 
  as for the rest - hugely thanks - few more questions . 
   60 months of benefits in their lifetime you sure it 's their lifetime ??? 
  in most europe if you contribute for a while you are eligible to welfare for another while . 
  ( something akin work 6 months , 12 months on welfare , repeat ) . 
   the law also requires recipients to find a job within 24 months of first receiving benefits in hungary the government mandates all unemployed to do `` community work '' . 
  while this is n't helping them much with new skills or reintegration the grass on the side of highways is well trimmed . 
  one final question : who covers for the health of all this people you mention ? 
  i seriously doubt that a person will not commit suicide because it 's illegal or they are afraid they will get punished  but then hey , ( quote from memory ) - 70 % of suicide attempts are desperate attention seeking . 
   it 's too expensive to move to another city or they have no family to help them get the money to move to a location where there 's jobs to be found ? 
  nope . 
  they work a bit on the black market on the side of benefits and they are better off . 
   not all people in a shitty situation want to be on the dole ... ca n't agree more . 
  thanks for your answer - it 's always better to speak with real people and understand how they think than reading self proclaimed annalists opinions - that 's why i love reddit . 
   a substantial proportion of the leave voters are retired , retiring or comfortably well off - when we said reduced immigration , we meant reduced immigration this makes no sense . 
  retirees are not to be impacted about polish plumbers . 
   after it became apparent the eu would not take steps to enforce external borders why again ? 
  uk is not in schengen , you even had an opt out from mandatory redistribution , if anyone was impacted that was germany and sweden !, 
   to many of us a freedom from the problems related to the ongoing illegal migration again , today ( with uk in eu ) you have full control of your borders wrt illegal migration . 
  how is being in or out going to change that ? 
   and are n't much troubled by the direction of the ftse 250 finally someone who knows what ftse 250 is instead bringing the ftse 100 as an argument  huge thanks again for your reply , looks like it 's coming from your heart . 
  ( i disagree but i 'll always appreciate brutal honesty over polite hypocrisy ), 
  i 'm lost . 
  is there a country where suicide is illegal ? 
  i mean what are they going to do to suicidal people ? 
  execute them ? 
   it 's ok to withdraw drugs from general population because in the age of internet everyone is a m.d. 
  and will just make the bacteria resistance worse . 
  that being said , there are 1 million ways of killing one self without using drugs . 
  admins made it so that maga posts from the_donald do n't reach / r/all anymore . 
  as a side result we have much more porn on / r/all ( that 's good ) but also / r/all is changing much slower ( that 's boring - i used to browse / r/all like hourly , now it 's the same thing again and again ) . 
   european immigrants in the uk often do speak english and have a network of contacts through their immigrant community . 
  no offence , but the probability of polish plumbers speaking english is not much higher than the probability of us plumbers speaking french !, 
   that 's the more common situation in the us at any rate doubt it ( a bit ) . 
  generally speaking benefits in eu are way higher than anyway in the states . 
   there are only so many jobs , and many people ca n't afford university tuition rates for a degree that would still mean an uncertain employment future . 
  you are fully right . 
  but we are n't talking of people who want to go to college . 
  in my country we have people who prefer to live on unemployment benefits ( ~ 200 usd ) rather than go to the neighboring village and work for the minimal wage . 
  ( ~ 300 usd ) per month . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i am not some uber-neo-liberal claiming that there should be no social protection but those people do exist . 
   they are n't willing to help their employer break the law every day so that they can be exploited . 
  agree . 
  it should be the responsibility of uk or any eu country to make it damn hard to hire someone illegally . 
  germany , france and even my country ( hungary ) did it - there is a true story of an old hungarian lady whom hired someone to dig some ground and she got ratted by neighbors resulting in a huge fine ( by hungarian standards ) . 
   that they made a bad decision not disagreeing , but even if the decision is bad is their right to chose so * . 
  seriously , the faster we admit it happened , the better for everyone . 
  * based on the absolute most basic human right : the right to do stupid things on my own will !, 
   often , but not always , they will be experienced and confident in their abilities actually would n't say they are much more skilled . 
  but they are certainly more flexible , more willing to learn and more willing to relocate . 
  you know there are all this stories of uk 's `` rust belt '' . 
  those jobs are not coming back !, 
  but some people prefer to live on welfare rather than switch location . 
  as louis ck said it ( quote from memory ) : if a person who does n't speak your language , has no informal network , takes your job then the problem is probably with you . 
  also as a reply to / u/slyscorpion : due to the recent changes in algorithm , it 's easier for posts from / r/europe to reach / r/all - so in some cases they will get much more exposure and upvotes . 
  tldr ; comparing upvotes does n't say much . 
   he would always show up late , was hard to reach by phone , and made mistakes . 
  damn , you sure he was english ? 
  sounds like my last hungarian painter . 
  ( i live in hungary btw ) . 
   for example maybe erdogan loses and merkel decides to reward the new government with full membership in order to cement it 's position . 
  huh ? 
  you do realize that has to be approved by 27 other states . 
  not to speak that turkey is nowhere wrt implementation of the acquis . 
  thanks , feels irrationally good although i never worked in constructions and i would definitely suck in such a job , 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  the difference is that 40 years ago ** all ** neighbors in the building hated each other , now it 's only 2 or 3 . 
  germany would n't annex anything since as you mentioned , they control it ... 
   they `` steal '' their jobs and drop the salaries ( black labor ) . 
  yes , but is n't then a problem with regulations ? 
  if i remember well , first waves of romanian immigration ( even before they joined eu ) went mostly to france and germany . 
  after france and germany introduced tough penalties against black labor the flow moved to spain and italy ( which also had the construction sector booming at the time ) . 
  sorry , it 's a bit unclear which ones are better in your opinion ? 
  poles or brits ? 
  if schauble will be in charge of negotiations , uk will go full metric by next year , schengen by 2017 and might be allowed to adopt eur by 2020 but only if the queen asks nicely < - satire . 
   no it was n't angie 's fault . 
  i disagree with merkel 's stance on immigration and i agree with orban . 
  this being said i could not agree more with you . 
  like it was said in many analysis , when brits said `` we do n't want immigrants '' they actually say : `` we want good jobs '' . 
  should migration wave not happened in continental europe last summer bojo & farage would had just found a different scarecrow . 
  all linked together with the huge bs myths about evil eu trying to forbid this or that . 
  and curly bananas !, 
  and last but not least , it was the brits themselves who voted . 
  not merkel or orban !, 
  claiming that they got fooled is basically an elitist assault on democracy . 
   is it primarily because of eu ? 
  it is because people intermingle ( i think this is the right word ) with their neighbors more than ever due to schengen and eu . 
  we have gazilions of erasmus families - young students , he 's from poland , she 's from portugal and they live in holland . 
  once you get to know your neighbors at a personal level ( i.e. 
  meet them ) demonization/antagonization becomes next to impossible . 
  can you imagine germany invading any of it 's neighbors ? 
  me neither !, 
  so yes , as long as we 're in eu and schengen it will be inconceivable for the general population to even consider a war against any of our neighbors . 
   romania is not eastern europe . 
  i hate to be that guy but can we stop beating this bush around ? 
  in western media ee means ex-commie countries .
