  i sent him the front page of bbc :d, 
   as trump proves . 
  or any populist party ... ( and they are both left and right ) . 
   i am aware that some eastern european countries do not have social care for their own people that would allow for a life with dignity not some but all ( maybe except slovenia ) and it 's not about dignity but about having money for food . 
  in hungary there are families of 4 who have to live for ~ 600 eur/month . 
  in romania is even worse . 
   even without border controls , you can ` lock up ' people in a country how long do you think it 'll take before a german court accepts a maltreatment case on one of eecountries ? 
  `` we were badly treated , slow internet , spagheti , makaron , etc ''  to be completely honest , we are currently having the opposite problem . 
  lol . 
  sorry , for a hungarian is always hard to imagine your economic might  if we secure the outer borders , we can leave the internal borders opened . 
  i 'm not sure i get it - is n't it what i also said ? 
  since we ca n't secure the greece - turkey border we have to secure the next one ? 
   i am willing to bet that there will be countries refusing to do so . 
  at least the orban was willing to in august . 
  honestly , i think that between a forced relocation and contributing most countries will choose contributing . 
   to me , it proves that it is not a complete solution and that it is vulnerable look at spain 's fence - it has ~ 1000 people/year max on the easiest route . 
  if situation goes bad orban `` ca n't turban '' will rather import gas from russia and build a wall of fire than allow hungary to be on the migration path again . 
  and yes , agreement with turkey would be the best - but not at any cost . 
  most favorable options imo , in order : agreement with turkey , hot spots in greece , border wall in macedonia , etc, 
  that 'd be triggering to the anaconda :p, 
   the difference is that the people on reddit should be able to know better . 
  in a world where everyone fights for our eyeballs and attention , recourse to simplification and believing simple ideas is attractive . 
  or as scott adams ( dilbert ... ) was right and intelligence is constant for all humanity ergo as the population grows higher individuals become dumber . 
   nevertheless , i think redistribution is still the best solution . 
  why ? 
  refugees themselves do n't want to be redistributed !, 
  it 's gon na be really hard to convince them . 
   `` fortress europe '' would mean a lot of trouble for greece . 
  agree - in short term . 
  do you think we 'll still have 1 million/year if they 'd know their best chance is greece ? 
  and if we think a bit with realpolitik - germany will be full at one moment in time . 
  then what ? 
  what i 'm saying is that all countries between greece and germany will be in trouble unless they close their borders . 
  and it 's only a matter of time . 
  so like any strategist what can we do when there is no winning solution ? 
  minimize losses !, 
  so yes , while i fully agree with you , sacrificing greece is the least shitty option - and i hope that everyone in eu will now contribute on easing their burden . 
   and even hungary is starting to face problems if 50-100 people/day over the fence means problem ...  they act like it is none of their business ... well , orban said it 's none of our business - but at least our rejection was public . 
   it is illusory to believe that `` fortress europe '' would equal `` no refugees in europe '' however . 
  true , but it means the difference between 10 000 and 100 / day . 
  i was objecting the hypocrisy not the fence itself  hungary started rolling barbed wire for ~ 100m at the border with slovania . 
  slovenia asked `` wtf u think you doing bro ? '', 
  - and we removed the damn thing immediately with `` please do n't be upset , it was an honest mistake , srsly bro '', 
   i do n't get the idea of people who are against the fortification of europe do n't ask reddit - ask your chancellor . 
  according to him , fences do not work , they are not an european solution and taking train with migrants to registration camps is reminding him of `` the darkest time of our history '' - and i do n't think he was speaking of plague . 
  also do n't you dare calling that thing you have at the border with slovenia a fence - it 's a gate with something on the sides . 
  btw : not even orban dared yet to build a fence within schengen . 
  man , your flag made me think i see double for a second  nope - nobody will allow any movement back . 
  right now serbia is not taking back the migrants caught going over our fence - we have ~ 1000 people in prison waiting for their extradition . 
  not if they start rioting in slovenia . 
   merkel is in the business for such a long time , she should have known what kind of picture this sends . 
  yup - and not only in the arab world - as we know from reddit , germany `` invited '' the migrants : /  and what is written in our laws is n't it so that that germany is not obliged to take anyone in if it 's coming via a safe country ? 
  the shit hit the fan here in august when an already quite unruly crowd heard that `` all syrians are welcome in germany '' . 
  the news was communicated so badly that hungarian authorities had troubles understanding it - that 's why a train was allowed to go the others were stopped which increased the chaos `` if they could go why ca n't we ? / germany wants us , why do n't you let us fuck you hungary ''  instead of trying to shift the blame around , talk about solutions many states are currently saying : `` it 's germanys refugees ... 
  this is the part where we start to disagree - there were two main solutions : redistribution ( germany ) and fortress europe ( v4 ) . 
  to my surprise , merkel chose to bulldoze her proposal through ( big mistake ) - because she thought everybody in eu ( except v4 ) will back her up . 
  as we learnt there are 22 hypocrite countries in europe ( 28 - germany , sweden , czech , slovakia , hungary and romania ) . 
  also , it looks now that we like it or not the end game will be indeed fortress europe . 
  i do n't remember seeing your username around for the last 1-2 weeks ; welcome back . 
  humm , could be - data shows almost doubling after 01/27 but it 's too early to tell . 
  you are of course right . 
  but please understand that having all fucking media on the planet broadcasting `` germany says - refugees welcome '' while on the other hand complaining that border states do n't do their jobs is kindof dickish . 
  yes , but should n't austria sync up with them as well - i mean at current flow , if austria and macedonia close borders at the same time that 'll mean ~ 10 000 people stuck in between . 
  you just had to ruin the fun  - i bet you are an engineer !, 
  if i remember well when we had the situation in august doctors were checking mostly teeth - i guess a person with wisdom teeth ca n't really claim they are 14 . 
  when in doubt they checked some cartilage ( do n't know how ) which shows whether the person is still growing or not . 
  so they will measure it weekly for one year and see if it grows ???? 
   everybody can state their will to apply for asylum at the border and this has to be checked . 
  is n't it so that german law allows rejection if asylum seeker comes from a safe country ? 
  closing the border would make sense if you 'd apply the same system as hungary and norway - rule on the asylum requests at the border , while the requestors are not technically on german land . 
   people not applying for asylum are already denied entry no offence , this is naive . 
  they will then just apply for asylum then keep moving towards their destination . 
   would n't they then use traffickers and travel in trucks ? 
  of course they will - but if we can manage that at hungarian border i am sure you can manage as well . 
  also that 'll also mean a drastic decrease in numbers - there is just no way 2 - 10 000 people/day will be smuggled in trucks . 
  besides , all entry to schengen countries will have an interest to control as well since they 'll know they will get them back . 
   it is easiest way to pleasure yourself . 
  before or after sexy time ? 
  the `` thing '' is supposed to grow until i 'm 40 ??? 
  hey , what about serbia , croatia and slovenia ? 
  if anyone would apply for asylum and will be allowed in , then what would be the point of closing the border ? 
  therefore my thinking assumption was that most people would be denied asylum/entry forcing them to try to get in via the green border . 
  and yes , i agree - even now slowing down is quite bad but it should n't get worse . 
  hungary paid less than 100 mil eur for everything . 
  also if i remember correctly romania paid ( with a corrupt contract - i.e. 
  more expensive ) ~ 2 billion for a top border control system ( they did n't spare any expense hoping to get accepted into schengen ) . 
  there is no way it 'll cost 20 billion unless you want to build the chinese wall . 
   using just-in-time . 
  this is not possible with a closed border anymore . 
  err , no ? 
  the jit parts will move through official border crossing just like now . 
  it 's the green border that 's problematic . 
  well - good luck on convincing the bears not to eat anyone because it 's illegal . 
  same with the snakes . 
  tbh a list of things that do n't upset russia would be much shorter , 
  relevant comic ( with hungarians ) : http://satwcomic.com/all-work-and-no-play, 
  yup , pretty much this . 
  imo the ee countries should first manage to stop the drain , we can talk about importing people only after . 
  heck , last summer there was a shortage of waiters at lake balaton because many of them preferred to go in austria - same work , triple money . 
  if they are willing to work for ~ 300 eur/month in 9 hour shifts , sure , anyone is more than welcome .
