  it 's running a newspaper , a private enterprise , with all the quality standards it comes with . 
  they 're apparently not seeing the added value to their brand when a bunch of people start using the comment section to drop hate speech nonsense . 
  their brand , their right to protect it . 
  it 's not so much about what i think , as what they themselves have said . 
  they 're not seeing the added value of these comment sections , and it is costing them valuable resources . 
  that 's why they 're closing them down . 
  but they 're simply protecting their ` brand ' as news source . 
  if you have quality reporting , and the comments say : `` kill all these rapist invaders !, 
  '' , it diminishes the quality of your newspaper . 
  they 're under no obligation to host all that hatred , and having to dedicate one or two employees all day to babysit their comment sections may lead to just the abolishment of them . 
  there 's no extra value , and it costs a lot . 
  or just reddit ? 
  it 's basically the same idea . 
  a lot of dutch newspapers are also dropping their comment sections . 
  moderating them demands too much of their resources . 
  no more free plastic bags . 
  shops need to charge $ 0.25 for those . 
  please use / r/europemeta for meta discussions . 
  ` schengen ' has nothing to do with the right to migrate within the eu . 
  it 's only about showing your passport or not when crossing borders . 
  i love optimists , 
  i do n't know what good websites for traffic metrics are , probably google . 
  i do know that alexa is ie toolbar based though , being almost meaningless therefore . 
  is alexa really a reliable source for this ? 
  it 's probably based on people using ie with a crappy toolbar installed . 
  please provide a copy of the article in the comments when submitting paywalled content . 
  no amazon referral tags please . 
  interestingly enough we use `` krijgsmacht '' for our army ... 
  `` these are our 150 conjugations of the word ... '', 
  `` page can not be found '' . 
  please fix your url , it 's botched . 
  i must have read all his books , will watch it later . 
  i 'm pretty sure i know where he 's heading ( celebration , community , comfort ) and i 'll probably like it . 
  the only new aspect of this ` basic income ' experiment is that a specific group of long-term welfare recipients will be allowed to earn money on top of their handouts , as experiment , to see if the extra motivation to go out and find small jobs works for them . 
  in the current system accepting short-term / part-time jobs for example makes absolutely no economic sense , they might even be worse off when losing city tax exemptions etc because of their little extra earnings . 
  the poverty trap between welfare and minimum wage is real and very difficult to bridge without fulltime employment . 
  that 's quite the misleading headline if the article makes it clear that only a  small groups of benefit claimants will receive this . 
  a small group of people that already receive city welfare benefits , but that now will be allowed to earn money on top of this handout , to avoid the ` poverty trap ' where those people would almost immediately lose the extra money they could earn with small jobs , without the prospect of proper employment ( because of age , lack of education , etc. ), 
  please link to the original source of this story and avoid submitting blogspam . 
  no conspiracy ( naturalnews ) sources please . 
  try to find something better to back up claims . 
  zalig kerstfeest !, 
  bike lanes . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@51.9077641,4.4571293,3a,75y,158.08h,103.48t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s74z2htctr3bua5uczf2wka!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is the homeless shelter in my neighbourhood . 
  just post it in the appropriate thread as comment , makes more sense . 
  please try a local subreddit for this type of specific discussion : r/norway . 
  please provide a copy of the article in the comments when submitting paywalled content . 
  please post it in its appropriate submission . 
  they just copy/pasted from the original source . 
  avoid posting blogspam please and link to the original article . 
  hi , this has already been covered in our recent survey , of which the results will hopefully be published soon here . 
  it was n't allowed by courts/judges on environmental grounds . 
  only by going underground this road could pass the law . 
  i 'll need a couple of nights of thought about this , will get back to you in a week . 
  rivers do n't flow in our traffic directions . 
  when rivers typically go east-west , traffic goes north-south . 
  ok , elevation map says -6 to -10 m colour code for my street , always understood it to be -9 . 
  but not going to doxx myself unfortunately . 
  so while the whole area may only be -4 average , my small street goes down another several meters , probably the lowest point in my city . 
  first to drown used to be my flair . 
  my street goes down another several meters ... there 's a pumping station in front of my house to get water * up * to the municipal drainage system . 
  my current home is -9 m below sea level . 
  that 'd mean you 'd have to raise my whole house by 12 meters ... that 'd be a really weird house on giant poles . 
  supported by court . 
  so they had the law on their side . 
  how much would you pay for it then ? 
  just like our house boats they 'll be connected to the main utilities grid . 
  we do have sand dunes along the north sea coast of course , but that does n't stop the groundwater in the polders . 
  not houses on stilts , more like a lot of new projects are designing [ floating houses ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m8wwnsq.jpg ) to easily deal with rising water problems . 
  the motorway being sunken had to do with environmental consequences , iirc the area was unique breeding ground for some animals , and a sunken motorway would have the lowest impact . 
  fun fact : 1.4 million liter of water needs to be pumped out every day to keep it dry . 
  it 's part of living below sealevel , we need to pump water away into the big rivers all the time , so all these ditches and canals are part of giant draining system to keep the land dry . 
  ha , this must have been the most debated engineering project in our history ... even worse than de oosterscheldedam , 
  even better :'), 
  youtube : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwhhhydlchg, 
  please provide a copy of the article in the comments when submitting paywalled content . 
  hi , should be fixed now . 
  please submit the whole article instead of an imgur snippet from it . 
  please post this link as comment in the appropriate thread that already discusses this . 
  please provide a copy of the article in the comments when submitting paywalled content . 
  please add it to the existing thread instead of making a new post . 
  keep it civil please . 
  advocacy posts must be cleared with the mods first . 
  see our community rules and guidelines . 
  please provide a copy of the article in the comments when submitting paywalled content . 
   2 may 2015 keep your submissions a little fresh please , this wraps today 's fish . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed for editorialisation , because its title does not reflect the title or content of the link . 
  see the [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  you may delete and re-submit this link with an appropriate title . 
  if you have any question about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  oof . . just in time i hope . 
  do n't link to translation engines please . 
  link to the original articles and when needed provide a translation in the comment . 
  please provide a copy of the article in the comments when linking to paywalled content . 
  let us know when done so we can reapprove your submission . 
  please provide a copy of the article in the comments when linking to paywalled content . 
  let us know when done so we can reapprove your submission . 
  select a different flag , 
  yes , you have a flag already selected there .
