  just stick to english in the comment section . 
  holy moses . 
  sweden is europe 's north korea !, 
  oh you 're right , it 's the other way around . 
  after failing to qualify for the 1998 and 2002 fifa world cup through the asian unions they joined uefa . 
  sure . 
  the ural mountains as division between europe and asia . 
  kazakhstan is partly located left of the urals and even played football in uefa , until they calculated they had better chances in asia . 
  they sort of pick and choose whether they 're european or asian . 
  there are more exclusions :  ... nearly all european states have acceded to the council of europe , with the exception of belarus ( human rights concerns ) , kazakhstan ( human rights concerns ) , vatican city ( a theocracy ) and some of the states with limited recognition . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe ), 
  no , simple policy . 
  they even made special desks for it . 
  everyone was sent off to pull their credit cards . 
  no , it happened at all legs of the flights . 
  also on the return flight . 
  airbaltic is scum . 
  never flying them again after they were charging everyone an extra $ 25 per leg for the smallest of personal items while tickets only read : 10kg max . 
  good people can still be misinformed ... sad indeed . 
  another one added to the res tags as ` putanista ' . 
  there are dozens of those unfortunately . 
  they seem quite active here on reddit too . 
  tag them in res . 
  i 'm fine with that too . 
  only , nobody uses that . 
  in reality , people will say `` groot-brittani\u00eb & ierland '' . 
  because [ this shit ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/britse_eilanden#mediaviewer/bestand:british_isles_euler_diagram_15.svg ) is too complicated for us . 
  it might be as far away as the andaman sea . 
  now start using that tinfoil for something useful , like grilling chicken legs . 
  this happens all the time with flight routes . 
  you have to look at the larger weather picture across the whole trip . 
  eta - matter of fuel economy mostly . 
  filling up a plane like that costs $ 150k easily . 
  if you find a route that saves you 5 % , that 's very decent money towards the profitability of the flight . 
  to russians , it probably does . 
  i remember hitchhiking through slovenia when it was still part of yugoslavia . 
  back then it already looked so clean , developed and wealthy compared to the rest of the republic . 
  a good industry , trade and tourism is how one driver explained the difference to me when i noticed the same as you . 
  they did n't even get netjes ' name nor passport number right . 
  convicted dutch journalist rena netjes on twitter :  will the egyptians convict a non existing dutch , with a non existing passportnr ? 
  has it ever happened anywhere in world history ? 
  it 's a known statistics fault for france about cardiac deaths . 
  maybe google can help you further . 
  france is cheating with their ` mort subite ' being categorized separately . 
   could someone care to elaborate the main differences between those two `` liberal '' parties ? 
  though deceptively alike , they have different flavours : d66 has always been strong on the democratisation of the political processes , like referendums and elected mayors . 
  they also highly value investing in education and environment , whereas the vvd represents a more ` tough on crime , tax cuts for the rich ' version of liberalism . 
  down from 17,0 % in 2009 when they debuted in the eu parliament . 
  wot ? 
  greece not europe ? 
  european culture is heavily shaped by ancient greece , the roman empire , and christianity . 
  well ... be honest . 
  hahah , yes that would be hilarious . 
  what a shit language that is ... : / r\u00f8dgr\u00f8d med fl\u00f8de ... 
  it used to be like that . 
  i think they just lost their broadcasting rights ... but did n't participate themselves . 
  that was lebanon . 
  well , good luck then . 
  ca n't we have a normal discussion thread ? 
  oh shit , this is cringe worthy ... :(, 
  lol !, 
  yes , give me more finnish vowels spit into the air now . 
  qualifying and then ending last is actually quite the performance too !, 
  well , at least you still have your nordic friends to boost your morale . 
  we have no friends really apart from the belgians . 
  is n't the uk always ending last a sort of esc tradition ? 
  cheers !, 
  let 's hope for a good ( top-5 ? ), 
  result tonight . 
  that 'd be a double whiskey ... 
  on the other hand , your stage is fcking amazing . 
  you can be proud there . 
  they were terrible . 
  trying too hard to be funny when not funny . 
  `` people flying through the air '' should be in the drinking game list . 
   the picture is slightly muddled by the judge votes ... 
  it 's actually the reason turkey pulled out of the competition . 
  but then , they profited most of televoting with their people spread all over europe . 
  personally i think mixing the popular vote with the pro trade jury votes was a good idea to get some more balance . 
  well , at least we can understand the deep messages of the songs now . 
   some of you people have actually been watching the semi ... 
  it 's easy to be surprised if your country automatically qualifies each year because of moneys ... my country did n't make it to the finals for 8 years in a row . 
  so we watch semis to see if we will even participate . 
  nah , it also gave countries singing in english-german-french an advantage because everyone could understand the lyrics , whereas nobody understands a word of finnish . 
  boobs !!, 
  can we have your votes now ? 
  i think you 're the only country that participated from the beginning , yet never won . 
  not sure this submission will change that fortune ...  but good luck !, 
  why do they even want to air it then ? 
  for the last two decades esc has been the biggest gay pride parade on earth , and this is exactly what makes it so great . 
  showing not everyone fits into fixed bourgeois gender labels and expectations . 
  maybe they can pull a jordan : when israel won they just declared runner-up belgium the winner . 
  nah , they hate us . 
  with so few friends we 'll always be in the corner smoking weed . 
  dark green means a visa is available upon arrival : it costs . 
  you need to bring some passport photos and a stash of cash . 
  light green is free . 
  it means ( for normal short-term tourism purposes ) you can get a free visa in the airport of arrival , or do n't need any at all . 
  it 's no different from any other wiki info : a starting point . 
  not difficult to check through more official websites of course .
