  welcome btw !, 
  enjoy your freedom . 
  yes , but moldova 's free access has only existed for three days now ... , 
  that 's a pretty useless map . 
  eu citizens better check : http://www.visamapper.com/ since it varies too much per eu country . 
  [ gay or european ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ln_l85b2zq ), 
  did a unicorn just vomit all over it ? 
  take it easy with those saturation sliders ... this just ruined the image . 
  yes , * fernweh * is my favourite german word . 
  it 's about a deep romantic longing for the otherness . 
  never found any equivalent in other languages . 
  dutch industrial bigshot joep vd nieuwenhuijzen received [ 2.5 years imprisonment ] ( http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/3530414/van-nieuwenhuijzen-krijgt-25-jaar-cel.html ) for attempted bribery and fraud . 
  so yes , rich people do go to prison . 
  king herod 's odds for babysitter of the year are better . 
  i remember denmark to be quite racist actually . 
  when i lived there and had an interracial couple visiting me from my dutch hometown , many danes asked me if the girl realized the black guy was only interested in her `` because of the money '' and for `` profiting of western benefits '' . 
  looks like you 're correct actually . 
  i ca n't find any data on significant chinese minorities in the east of siberia . 
  but it was mentioned in an [ opinion piece ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/vk/nl/6277/paul-brill/article/detail/3605308/2014/03/01/het-is-poetin-die-straks-met-de-meeste-brokstukken-blijft-zitten.dhtml ) about how this could all back-fire on putin . 
  the author did n't really check his assumptions though . 
  or at least i ca n't find it either . 
  will be interesting to see how he responds when eastern-siberian provinces with large chinese ethnic groups suggest secession from the federation to join china ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_the_crimean_tatars having a majority for something can be the result of breaching the human rights of others . 
  when discrediting a guy , we do it in style . 
  not that cheap kgb hooker tape shit . 
  `` everything found at my residence has been planted there by foreigners to discredit me ... '' which sounds like a reasonable explanation . 
  i remember seeing some protesters going there with a pirate ship and a zoo . 
  why the repost ? 
  from my pay-walled source :  last year they sold for 97 billion euro in goods to the eu . 
  in exchange the swiss have to accept a few ground rules , among which , the free movement of citizens . 
  the treaties contain a guillotine provision : if one party cancels one agreement , the other party can cancel all agreements . 
   euro commisioner viviane reding recently told * schweiz am sontag * that switzerland can not pick the cherries from the cake . 
  `` if you participate in the internal eu market , you 'll have to play by the rules of that internal market '' . 
  if the swiss will vote in favour of the quota , the 28 eu member states will probably come with a very powerful response . 
  also great-britain wants to limit eu immigration . 
  if you allow outsiders like the swiss to ignore the rules of the game , you 'll have to allow that to the brits ( and others ) as well . 
  it will undermine the internal market . 
   `` the eu has no room to maneuver , '' says thomas cottier of the institute for european and economic law at the university of bern . 
  the stakes are much higher than just switzerland apparently . 
  and they 'll not get off the hook . 
  +37 for the swiss . 
  semantics . 
  again , the european commission does not agree with you apparently by now cancelling the science and research treaty as first step . 
  `` going against the principle '' of a treaty is pretty much the same as breaking it ? 
  sorry , my original source is behind a pay-wall . 
  but i found an article quoting the commission earlier :  `` this goes against the principle of free movement of people between the eu and switzerland , '' the european commission had said at the time , adding it would review the impact on overall relations between switzerland and the eu . '', 
  [ [ source ] ( http://www.gazzettadelsud.it/news/english/81542/swiss-students-out-of-erasmus-program-starting-in-2015.html ) ], 
  the european commission does not agree with you ... 
  yes , free movement of eu citizens was the very first treaty . 
  and croatia is our youngest eu member . 
  so the swiss are breaking the treaty with the eu by not signing a bilateral agreement . 
   last year the eu sold more products to switzerland than switzerland exported to the eu . 
  source ? 
  i found the [ opposite to be true ] ( http://imgur.com/toblycy ) for 2013 q1 and q2 , nearly double as much export . 
   we are not in the eu nor do we want to join it . 
  the rules we follow we decide ourselves in ( direct - ) democratic votes . 
  no , the rules are covered by ten treaties with the eu . 
  heavily inter-linked . 
  you ca n't pull out of one without breaking all the other agreements . 
  free movement of eu persons is one of those . 
   we did n't break anything yes , you broke the bilateral agreement on the movement of eu citizens by not signing an agreement with croatia . 
  as said : there 's a guillotine provision breaking all agreements when breaking one . 
  this will harm the swiss a lot more than the eu , trade is very asymmetric in their favour . 
  research and development projects can easily be done in other countries too , nations that are willing to play by to the spirit and the rules of the eu . 
  if they think switzerland is getting too crowded , we 'll be happy to move some international organisations out of their country . 
  not sure about disproportionate . 
  they want all the benefits and none of the burdens . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  it 's the non-signing that triggered it :  the non-signing of free movement between switzerland and croatia is seen by brussels as a trigger that prevents the renewal of agreements with switzerland . 
  so it 's the refusal of the swiss to allow free movement of persons in the eu again . 
  which might even trigger the guillotine clause , cancelling out all the other agreements with the swiss as well . 
  according to olivier bailly of the commission the agreement directly applies to croatia as well . 
  and i assume he 's right since else we would n't see this first swiss exclusion announced . 
  but maybe you 're correct that this is all pending additional protocols . 
  but until then , measures like this will happen to the swiss . 
  croatia is the eu 's youngest member and their citizens ' free movement falls under the 2002 agreements between the eu and the swiss . 
  good . 
  last year they sold for 97 billion euros of products to the eu under the free-trade agreements . 
  in exchange they 're supposed to accept some european fundamental rules , like free movement for citizens of the eu . 
  now barring kroatians is breaking earlier agreements , so let them face the consequenses . 
  next : no more free trade . 
   thu 02/08/2012 - 16:25 this wraps today 's fish . 
  yes , but i went to make a cup of coffee and when i returned someone posted that . 
  still the top comment now . 
  who cares who posts the translation , it 'll always happen if someone would hint to not get the joke . 
  top comment minutes later was already a translation . 
  but i am sure that with a little more imagination you too could have picked up the joke if you had 8 months of german classes . 
  it was n't exactly a nietzsche lecture ... 
  no , not going to taint the source . 
  germans making a good joke . 
  deserved its original . 
  yes , but even a kindergarten dropout can understand this level of german . 
  your greatgrandparents did a great tour of europe once to help spread the knowledge . 
  yours is hardly a secret language or culture , believe me . 
  we get our fair share of it in school . 
  eta - i thought german kids with german flags speaking english even more awkward , and then the first comment minutes later was already a translation for those linguistically challenged by the joke . 
  i really liked the warm long evenings with friends in the south , but i do n't think i would be very happy living in the usa . 
  i do n't enjoy the idea of needing a car to do anything or see anyone at all . 
  maybe nyc could be fun for a year or so .
