for sale : one ~ ~ new south saxony ~ ~ greece , approx 3500 years old , includes : 1000 + islands slightly damaged acropolis great weather please contact : a.merkel, 
  you and your ` scottish ancesters ' also do n't know a thing about modern british politics . 
  it 's easy to shout `` freedom ! '', 
  when it 's not your job , your pension on the line . 
  that 's the point of nato , it creates a united frontier against russia which if crossed will provoke the uk , france , germany , italy , ( and the us and canada ) etc. 
  putin knows he ca n't gamble that the major powers wo n't wade in if he goes for say , latvia . 
  this prevents russia ` creeping ' across europe like hitler did . 
  a lot of posts here are saying that europe should ` catch up ' with the us in terms of military expenditure . 
  however europe is n't militarily weak , rather the us is unnecessarily strong ; france and the uk alone out-spent russia , france , uk , germany and italy combined spend more than even china , a united europe in a time of war could easily defend itself without us assistance . 
  i appreciate the picture is more complex than just spending but it 's a good way to illustrate my point . 
  are you just comparing the strongest american beers with the weakest british beers ? 
  it 's not uncommon for ale to be up to 7 or 8 % . 
  the bear and the dragon : sino/russian war over siberia , america wins . 
  do n't forget ` south of the river ', 
   but you ca n't claim it would happen one way and not the other . 
  that was my point . 
  you claimed a reduction in uk/eu trade would create jobs through less imports while neglecting to consider the inevitable lower exports . 
   as for losing our say on european matters , the whole juncker debate shows full well that we do n't have any say as it is . 
  it was the same case when blair gave away half our rebate , massively upping our fees , and got sweet fa in return . 
  any attempt at repatriation will also show we do n't have any influence . 
  we do n't dictate everything and cameron isolating himself did n't help . 
  we have friends in europe who oppose further federalisation such as the netherlands and sweden but we need to work with them to counter balance france and germany . 
   as for bases for international businesses , we could maintain free trade access even if we left . 
  korea and mexico have free trade agreements with the eu , so we certainly could . 
  and we 'd no longer have france standing in our way preventing ftas being signed with brazil , india , canada , australia etc. . . business wants stability . 
  as a non-member we would n't be able to offer that in regards to access to the common market . 
  we would be powerless to affect changes to the common markets rules and defend our industries in it . 
  i was more trying to counter the attempt to derail the debate with whataboutism in lieu of arguing the specific point , which while i disagree with you , you did . 
  in regards to your actual point , i think it 's very optimistic that jobs would be created to replace a reduction in eu imports without a serious shift in eu exports too . 
  furthermore , the as an eea member ( rather than full eu ) the uk would lose it 's right to have a say on european matters for very little if any benefit . 
  also it would seriously jeopodise uk 's place as an anglophone friendly base for ~ ~ american ~ ~ international business wanting access to the common market . 
  yes , because this is exactly the same situation . 
  let 's ignore intelligent debate and facts about this issue because some people made warnings about this other thing which is * exactly the same * and they were wrong !, 
  there are three types of state funded schools in the uk : state schools which are under the control of their local authority which is the traditional setup , academies are former state schools which were removed from the local authority 's control and is now controlled by charities , other more successful schools , or individuals . 
  free schools are schools petitioned into creation by parents , charities , individuals which are free from local authority control . 
  all three are free to enrol at and state funded . 
  ironically at the next general election ukip dividing the right wing vote may gift a majority to labour thus annuling the possiblity of a referendum . 
  so as a pro-eu lefty i say , play on mr farage , play on . 
  ** united kingdom ** * westminster and scotland are still arguing of possible secession . 
  principally : scotland wants to keep pounds sterling ( # ) when our chancellor says that 's not possible to which the scottish first minster ( head of the scottish parliament ) says is a bluff . 
  * bob crow dies . 
  leader of the largest union ( rmt ) and was the public face of trade unionism in the uk . 
  recently called a large scale 2 day strike on the london underground in response to job cuts . 
  * tony benn also dies . 
  veteran left wing politician , served over 50 years as an mp . 
  famous internationally for appearing in a micheal moore film defending the nhs . 
  * * although the news is overwhelmingly about the missing malaysian plane this week . 
  it 's a ticking timebomb , all that 's required is a prolonged chaise longue shortage in russia and there will be a serious international crisis . 
  but that is nigel farage , i 'd expect nothing less from a fringe nut job without a hope in hell of real power . 
  when an elected government are playing politics with ~ ~ peasants ~ ~ people 's lives that 's what i find disgusting . 
  putting their pathetic euro-skeptic ideologies and party politics before disaster relief efforts , i did n't even think the tories would sink that low . 
  i 've knocked up a table so we can see the scale of the invasion ... | current refugee crisis | operation barbarossa | -- | -- | -- | -- no . 
  of armed troops | 0 | 3.8 million | armour | 0 | 3,350 | aircraft | 0 | 2,770 | artillery | 0 | 7,200 |, 
  harnesses, 
  the feeling 's mutual , too busy making jokes about the irish and each other ( welsh , scottish , welsh , english , did i mention the welsh ? 
  i 've never seen so many variations on how to spell double gloucester . 
  that 's not how numbers work . 
  is that one hundred thousand people or one hundred point zero ? 
  it 's true , ignorance also has a lot to do with it . 
  dude ... the title . 
  final assembly is only one part , fuselages , engines , landing gear , tails , avionics and wings do n't magic themselves into existence . 
  these will come from all over europe . 
  airbus is a european company , not french . 
  applying for grants and funding is totally different to political lobbying for that funding to exist in the first place . 
   what benefits them personally he typed , on a computer , using programmed code , on the internet . 
  turing , hopper , berners-lee , * et al * were obviously sapping taxpayer money for their own benefit . 
  so in your ideal world scientists should work more on their pr and political lobbying than say ... science . 
  genius . 
  maybe it 's the young people who did turnout who are complaining ? 
   another common stereotype is that swiss people speak really slowly ( i have to say , i think it 's pretty true ) and use really weird words like nonante and septante . 
  at least , they say `` pain au chocolat '' . 
  it 's not a lost cause . 
  ahh yes , because `` four twenties + ten '' and `` sixty + ten '' make so much more sense . 
  indeed they do fire * ze * missiles, 
  do n't you mean : `` i and i learn da jamaican english , one love '', 
  you wo n't regret a trip to the alps . 
  that would depend a lot on where in europe you 'd move to . 
  the couple that video seemed deluded , complaining that they ca n't see their daughter because they both have to work and they would n't trust a ( polish ? ), 
  almost every family in the uk have to have two working parents . 
  it 's not real sectarian violence until spl teams are involved . 
  do n't forget : `` british values '' , `` clearing up the mess of the last government ( from 4 years ago ) '' , and `` in order to cut the deficit '' . 
  i 'm obviously not blaming you , it 's just that this comes up quite often and / r/iwantout is the standard response . 
  can we have a rule against questions like this ? 
  it seems every other day we have a north american asking us about visa requirements for our own countries . 
  op : as already pointed out you want to check out / r/iwantout . 
   he has cut and openly stated he would before the 2010 general election . 
  i never argued that . 
   the universities wanted to charge more than # 9000 a year and he did n't allow them to . 
  no , his own government did , universities are always going to demand more , his job is to regulate that . 
  he could have kept it as it was ( # 3000 ) , or even abolish them all the together . 
   employment is over 30 million now according to most data , figures came out recently stating that business confidence is very high . 
  read what i said . 
  i said employment is up but so is * under * employment . 
  also when comparing to historical figures it should be by % of the population , for example 100 years there was n't even 30m people in the country . 
  also for business confidence [ citation needed ] . 
   the eu situation is clear , if he 's prime minister we will have a referendum in 2017 . 
  to business , how is that clear ? 
  `` in 2017 you may lose access to the biggest single market in the world , not whatever '' . 
  referendums are n't clear , is it clear scotland will be in the uk in 5 years ? 
   nhs has not been mass-privatized , schools have not been marketised , rents have increased due to the demand for housing/rents in london especially .
