  it 's not that clear , all new members since 1994 are obliged by their accession treaties to work towards fulfilling the criteria and eventually adopt the euro but the wording is somewhat vague . 
  this might eventually have to be decided by the ecj but no one 's been willing to force the issue thusfar . 
  it 's far from certain that the ecj will go d'accord with the swedish interpretation . 
  http://www.ce.uw.edu.pl/pliki/pw/18-2015_kubin.pdf anyway , the only way to guaranty that scotland will never be forced to adopt the euro is to obtain a formal opt-out like denmark ( which scotland is very unlikely to get ) . 
  if scotland is barely willing to commit to the status quo , the whole ` ever closer union ' thing might be a bad fit . 
  if scotland 's gon na be a permanent brake on futher integration ( since they 'd have to agree to any treaty changes ) like the uk , the eu is better off without it . 
  if scotland joins the eu ( or eea ) , there 'll have to be a hard border for customs & immigation purposes . 
  it might as well be an external schengen border , it would n't make too much difference ... 
  allowing some degree of cherry picking means we avoid having certain fights while we concentrate on having others . 
  as long as some decisions require unanimity , there will always be some room for it ( no one 's too invested in sweden joining the eurozone ... ) but membership candidates ( especially small and/or poor ones ) have far less leverage than existing members in this regard . 
   sweden is n't forced , poland is n't forced , bulgaria is n't forced , and so on . 
  if ukraine joined tomorrow , they would n't be forced . 
  if scotland ever joins , they wo n't be forced . 
  unless new eu laws are introduced starting the forcing , because right now there is precisely zero forcing . 
  not yet . 
  they all accepted the obligation to eventually join the eurozone in priciple when they signed their accession treaties . 
  while further integration within the eurozone since their accession ( like the reforms currently being discussed ) might require a new legal basis beyond those treaties , the reasons why the new member states are n't being forced to join the eurozone thusfar are largely political rather then legal . 
  there is a reason why denmark and the uk thought it necessary to obtain formal opt-outs . 
  if euro-adoption was as clearly voluntary as you make it out to be , they need n't have bothered . 
  if the scottish people wo n't agree to eu membership unless they are assured that the accession treaty wo n't oblige scotland to join the euro ( which could only be guaranteed with a formal opt-out ) , they should n't agree at all . 
  we 've had quite enough of british politicians misrepresenting the european project to their constituents and then blaming the eu for not conforming to their imagination ... 
   part of the reason uk and denmark were able to negotiate opt-outs from the euro was because they were `` veteran members '' by the time the euro was introduced . 
  more to the point , they were in a position to veto the maastricht treaty . 
  no membership candidate will ever have that kind of bargaining position . 
  ^ ^ edit : ^ ^ typos, 
   in fact for scotland to be forced to join the euro it would have to be specifically targeted in some new legislation whether or not the swedish loophole would hold up in front of the ecj , it would be easy to avoid in any future accession treaty ( later accession treaties are already more clear on the subject than that of 1994 ) . 
  did you consult the ecj on the matter while no one was looking ? 
  this issue is n't remotely as clear as you make it out to be ... http://www.ce.uw.edu.pl/pliki/pw/18-2015_kubin.pdf, 
  it 's not entirely clear whether sweden is obliged to join erm2 under the terms of it 's accession treaty . 
  http://www.ce.uw.edu.pl/pliki/pw/18-2015_kubin.pdf no one 's been eager to have that fight thusfar , it 's far from certain that the ecj would just go d'accord with the swedish interpretation of the situation . 
  in any case , this loophole could easily be avoided in scotlands accession treaty . 
   some voluntary aspect of eu membership as far as the treaties are concerned , eurozone membership is n't voluntary . 
  denmark and the uk got their opt-outs because they could have vetoed the maastricht treaty , scotland obviously would n't be in any position to make such demands . 
  whether the loophole that sweden is using is actually valid is n't clear , no one 's wanted to have that fight until now but things can change . 
  while the commission has n't tried to enforce a clear timetable for euro-adoption ( no one 's too eager for quick eurozone enlargement atm ... ) , euro-adoption most certainly is n't just voluntary for anyone who joined after the maastricht treaty . 
  in practise , scotland might well be able to postpone euro-adoption for a long time but a formal opt-out in the accession treaty is * very * unlikely . 
   the primary areas of `` opt-out '' would be initially the euro , in order to convince the public of independence ( euro is n't very popular amongst older voters ) , are you suggesting that the accession treaty would contain a ` temporary ' opt-out ( that would automatically expire after x years ) ? 
   schengen , for the sake of not having a hard uk border which itself is ultimately caused by britain not joining schengen in the first place so i hope you ca n't blame that one on us . 
  unless the uk ends up joining the eea ( or practically replicating eea-membership by other means like switzerland ) after all , there would have to be a hard border for customs and immigration between scotland and the ruk . 
  denmark would be a better example : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/denmark/foreign-exchange-reserves in any case , $ 10bn would n't be enough , $ 50-100bn seems more realistic . 
  why are you ? 
  i do n't feel like typing another one of these , maybe this works for you too :  the aim of the common market is to replicate the conditions under which economic activity usually takes place within a nation state on the scale of the eu . 
   this could in principle be done by replacing all national laws that regulate economic activity with a new single set of laws but that new body of law ( written with the same specificity as the national laws it replaces ) would be practically impossible to negotiate in the manner that international treaties typically are . 
  it would utterly dwarf even the most complex trade agreement . 
   instead , this new body of law is slowly being created through the eu 's legislative process and the application of the general rules set in the treaties by european and national courts . 
   the treaties function like a quasi-constitution in this process . 
  rather than negotiating every detail on an intergovernmental level , the member states have agreed on a set of fundamental rules ( of which the four freedoms are the most fundamental principles ) , a process to apply them ( the eu 's legislative process ) and an arbiter to interpret them , if necessary ( the ecj ) . 
   every part of this new body of law will create winners and losers ( compared to the status quo ante ) , many parts will be considered detrimental in some countries and beneficial in others . 
  this is n't a problem as long as the sum of advantages outweighs the sum of disadvantages ( for any single member state and the union as a whole ) . 
   of course , the whole thing is still based on a set of international treaties in which every country pursued what it conceived of as it 's national interests ( however it arrived at that conception ) and that fundamental balance of interests is enshrined in the treaties . 
   since this could n't be practically done in the kind of specificity that would be necessary for direct application , that fundamental balance of interests is expressed as a set of fundamental rules instead . 
   the four freedoms are the core of this ` grand bargain ' , allowing any exception from these fundamental rules endangers the grand bargain as a whole . 
   compromising on the core principles even once opens the doors for every member state to demand it 's own exceptions which would get us on the road back to the kind of decision-making process we were trying to avoid in the first place ( because it 's utterly impractical at this scale ) . 
   changing the four freedoms without endangering the whole project requires a new treaty , a new ` grand bargain ' . 
  that is n't going to happen just so that switzerland can fiddle with a treaty that has already been ratified & implemented ...  if you want a say in that grand bargain , you 're welcome to apply for membership . 
  come on now , the british press blatantly lying their arses off about reality in general and her actions in particular is clearly merkels fault !, 
  she should have facepalmed louder ... edit : maybe she could have used [ some help ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2doqach.jpg ) . 
  mir fehlt grad ' die mu\u00dfe es zu \u00fcbersetzen aber ich lass das mal hier : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schuld_ ( privatrecht ) tg ; du : schuld in the legal sense does n't just refer to debt but to any legal [ obligation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_obligations ) , this meaning is likely older than other meanings of the word like ( criminal ) culpability or ( moral ) guilt . 
  the intersection of meaning between * schuld * and * schulden * is probably better translated as * obligation * or * responsibility * rather than * debt * or * guilt * . 
  i picked the closest match in gdp . 
  i could have chosen lower saxony instead of hesse to get a contiguous area ( -  nearly identical gdp , ~ 1.75 million higher population ) . 
  if i wanted to maximise gdp density , i could have picked berlin instead of schleswig-holstein . 
  if i wanted to maximise gdp/capita , i could have replaced schleswig-holstein and nrw with bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ( -  significantly higher gdp and gdp/capita but lower pop/gdp-density ) . 
  my point was n't `` we 're richer , if we only count the richest states '' but rather `` get over yourselves , you 're not * that * special '' . 
  btw , the main reasons why i started with bremen & hamburg are 1 ) because the main basis for their wealth is quite similar to the main basis of the benelux 's wealth and 2 ) because i grew up in hamburg and now live in bremen so i thought it was a good fit with the general `` look at how rich ` we ' are '' theme . 
  where the fuck did i say that ??? 
  the image of a country ( or any other entity ) obviously is n't just based on objective facts . 
  people 's associations will obviously play a major role and it will take a long time until the holocaust is no longer among the most prominent things people associate with germany . 
   also the other freedoms arent unlimited either , eg services . 
  as far as the treaties ( and especially the four freedoms ) are concerned , trade in services is no more limited than trade in goods . 
  the common market for services is , however , a lot further from full implementation than the common market for goods . 
  services are far more deeply intertwined with national law than goods ( after all , international trade in goods has a long history while international trade in services has a far shorter history ) . 
  the ecj can only apply treaty law to cases that make it into their hands ( which obviously does n't happen automatically ) and market integration through the legislative process requires majorities . 
  the maastricht treaty did n't establish a fully formed common market , it established the process to create one . 
  this process will take a long time but - unlike negotiating every detail in intergovernmental talks - it is actually feasible . 
   contrary to what some people claim we 're not just cherry picking , we agreed on many things that are n't really in our interests but are part of the european solidarity . 
  let 's be realistic , when the eea-referendum failed in 1992 ( also 50,3 % vs 49,7 % , funny that ) , your government tried to find a way to do essentially the same thing in a way that looked sufficiently different while having nearly the same economic effect . 
  agreeing to things you do n't like as part of a complex agreement has nothing to do with solidarity , that 's just how negotiation works . 
  the eu treaties are n't fundamentally different , they just aim beyond economic integration and economic ` solidarity ' is n't charity but a way to create conditions that allow for deeper political integration . 
   i would love to see your reaction if germany was in a similar situation , an immigration caused population growth of 20 millions in just 30 years and a immigrant quote of 25 % , with all its side-effects i 'd be quite alright with that . 
   out of interest : how exactly would it hurt the eu if switzerland would be allowed to bring its immigration back on a reasonable level ( which would still be much higher than any other eu member or partner state ) ? 
  it would n't . 
  this is just all about ideological stubbornness , instead of finding pragmatic and efficient solutions and consensus . 
  even risking real damage to the union and switzerland just to make a stupid point . 
  one would think that the whole brexit debate has contained more than enough explanations of the fundamental importance of the 4 freedoms for the common market but apparently not ... 
  the aim of the common market is to replicate the conditions under which economic activity usually takes place within a nation state on the scale of the eu . 
  this could in principle be done by replacing all national laws that regulate economic activity with a new single set of laws but that new body of law ( written with the same specificity as the national laws it replaces ) would be practically impossible to negotiate in the manner that international treaties typically are . 
  it would utterly dwarf even the most complex trade agreement . 
  instead , this new body of law is slowly being created through the eu 's legislative process and the application of the general rules set in the treaties by european and national courts . 
  the treaties function like a quasi-constitution in this process . 
  rather than negotiating every detail on an intergovernmental level , the member states have agreed on a set of fundamental rules ( of which the four freedoms are the most fundamental principles ) , a process to apply them ( the eu 's legislative process ) and an arbiter to interpret them , if necessary ( the ecj ) . 
  every part of this new body of law will create winners and losers ( compared to the status quo ante ) , many parts will be considered detrimental in some countries and beneficial in others . 
  this is n't a problem as long as the sum of advantages outweighs the sum of disadvantages ( for any single member state and the union as a whole ) . 
  of course , the whole thing is still based on a set of international treaties in which every country pursued what it conceived of as it 's national interests ( however it arrived at that conception ) and that fundamental balance of interests is enshrined in the treaties . 
  since this could n't be practically done in the kind of specificity that would be necessary for direct application , that fundamental balance of interests is expressed as a set of fundamental rules instead . 
  the four freedoms are the core of this ` grand bargain ' , allowing any exception from these fundamental rules endangers the grand bargain as a whole . 
  compromising on the core principles even once opens the doors for every member state to demand it 's own exceptions which would get us on the road back to the kind of decision-making process we were trying to avoid in the first place ( because it 's utterly impractical at this scale ) . 
  changing the four freedoms without endangering the whole project requires a new treaty , a new ` grand bargain ' . 
  that is n't going to happen just so that switzerland can fiddle with a treaty that has already been ratified & implemented ... 
  if you want a say in that grand bargain , you 're welcome to apply for membership .
