  if i have to share europe with xenophobic bigots , they get to share it with african muslims ... 
  [ not quite ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwepw3plera ), 
  oh spare me the sermon ... a number of countries ( i.e. 
  denmark , finland , germany , sweden , switzerland ) have been doing it for decades . 
   the idea that we should strive to build a nation where everyone gets the same start in life until they become a legal adult . 
  in that regard , the scandinavian countries ( and arguably many others ) have done a much better job than the us ... 
   most americans do n't think that you should be punished more for being rich . 
  a fixed fine is less of a punishment the richer you are ...  do you really want a judge to look at your bank account before sentencing you ? 
  you mean like this ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/day-fine yes , i do . 
  edit : the judge would n't actually look at your wealth/income before sentencing , you 'd get sentenced to pay x units of income . 
  how much money one unit turns out to be depends on your income and has nothing to do with the actual sentencing proceedings . 
   it 's exactly like i said in my original comment then . 
  blaming the uk for a lack of federation . 
  the uk is the 2nd/3rd largest member state ( by gdp/population ) and definitely the staunchest opponent to political integration among the larger members . 
  how is me calling it the biggest single obstacle to federation so fucking controversial ? 
   as though the uk 's the thing holding it all up . 
  not the only thing but probably the biggest single thing ... 
   quite funny how people like you blame the lack of a federation ** solely ** on the uk . 
  when the fuck did i every say that ? 
   regardless , the uk does n't want rid of the euro so you 're fighting your own straw man of a kind . 
  again , i did n't say that . 
  the currency union has removed the main correction mechanism for divergent productivity/unit-labour-cost trends - floating exchange rates - so if we 're going to keep the euro , we 'll need another solution for that problem . 
  we 'd either have to coordinate wage trends across the eurozone or establish transfer mechanisms to counteract the resulting capital flows . 
  either would require new treaties and neither would work in a eurozone-only fashion since they 'd conflict with current eu-wide treaties . 
  the uk may not be in the way of the euro as it is but it 's the main obstacle to the steps we 'd need to take to make the euro work in the long term . 
  obviously , i stating an opinion here , the claims made in this whole discussion are all so generalised that they 'd need huge chunks of scientific sources to back them up as anything but opinion . 
  for one , i was talking about a majority among governments and major parties and i did say ` maintaining the currency union ' , not ` joining it ' . 
  2nd : even if the people polled in the surveys you cite ^ ( ( well , it 's not exactly a citation ... ) ^ ) were asked whether they wanted the currency union to be desolved rather then if they wanted their country to join it , those three countries have 59 ( 129 after adding denmark and the uk ) out of 507 million people in the eu ( 335 in the eurozone ) . 
   but we 're the only thing stopping a complete monetary union , right ? 
  why do you insist on fighting strawmen ? 
  i did n't fucking say that !, 
   it 's hilarious that you think we 're the only hurdle . 
  could you be any more out of touch with reality ? 
  it 's rather amusing that you think i was making a prediction ... 
  but yes , you guys are the main hurdle ( not the only but the highest ) . 
  we 've built a half-finished currency union , we can either add the stabilising mechanisms that it needs to be viable in the long term ( which will require a large step towards political integration ) or we can devolve or dismantle it . 
  in continental europe , there is a very clear majority for maintaining the currency union . 
  so if you guys are going to have that referendum , it would be great if you could get it over with as soon as possible ... 
   maybe , but do you really think they want a federalized europe which is the direction it seems to be going ? 
  they might end up having no other choice but leaving or accept federalization . 
  then in my opinion there is nothing to regret in leaving . 
  now you 're getting it !, 
  they ( the tory-voting english at least ) do n't seem to want political integration but i do . 
  i 'd like to see how far we can get without british resistance ... 
   the french and the dutch voted against too . 
  they changed the name from `` constitution '' to treaty , and did n't ask us again , it was a sincere `` fuck you '' to democracy . 
  they also changed the contents a bit ... 
  i thought you were talking about the lisbon treaty ( the constitutional treaty had many similarities to the lisbon treaty but there were a lot more changes than the name ... )  but the eu is n't very fond of democracy . 
  in the case of the irish they 'll just hold as many referendums if needed until the public is sick of it and gives the required answer , that is not democracy either . 
  that was n't ` the eu ' , the member states ( their elected governments , mostly ) lead that process . 
  those are the `` sovereign nation-states '' that you are so fond of ...  exactly . 
  this is not democracy , the public does n't want this monstrous europe . 
  and your basis for that claim is ... what exactly ? 
   there was only one answer possible , the public did n't give the required answer , therefor they needed to vote again . 
  and what stopped the public from giving the same answer a second time ? 
   practices like these make the former ussr look like a liberal democracy . 
  and it 's your precious nation-states that established those pratices . 
   so , you wo n't mind stumping up billions more so keep everybody happy ? 
  if it get 's me muh postnational superstate , sure !, 
   probably not . 
  we already did with the treaty of lisbon , the majority was against . 
  the irish had a referendum , said no , we changed it a bit , the irish had another referendum , said yes ...  they wo n't ask the public again . 
  the same thing happened with the maastricht treaty . 
  the danish had a referendum , said no , we changed it a bit , the danish had another referendum , said yes ... and after that , ` they ' * did * ask the public again . 
   you can federalize , but not with us . 
  maybe you can start a new eu and federalize that , with germany and eastern europe or something . 
  i do n't presume to represent anyones opinion but my own , i see no reason to think that you do ...  britain is at the right spot , stopping political integration as it should be . 
  and if we have to choose , then rather with britain than with germany . 
  great !, 
  let 's have that referendum and find out if the dutch agree with you ... ( or the germans with me ... 
  i suspect neither of us represents a majority ), 
   this is all irrelevant to what i said and i stand by my comment . 
  sure , i suspect we 'd have a vote on the matter ... 
  if that whole ` national identity ' business is important to you , knock yourself out !, 
   the vast majority of countries do just fine outside the eu , what makes you think the uk would n't be fine as well ? 
  i never said they would n't be `` fine '' ( depends on your definition , i guess ) . 
  i do however suspect that the british might come to regret a brexit once it 's actualised with all it 's consequences . 
   yes , but the germans will have to stump up more cash . 
  oh , the horror ... 
   if you do n't have the respect to not downvote every comment i make , i do n't feel the need to continue this discussion . 
  if you 'd like to tell yourself that i 'm doing that ...  i 'm disagreeing with you as well here but i 'm not downvoting you . 
  if you say so ... 
   federalise     no thanks . 
  i prefer my nation states with some sovereignty . 
  you can keep kaiserin merkel . 
  i was rather hoping to deposit her in [ the asse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asse_ii_mine ) ... 
  if you insist on a kaiserin , [ how about this guy ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans-christian_str%c3%b6bele ), 
   it 's still bullshit though - you ca n't adjust punishment based on the ability of a person to pay or endure the punishment . 
  sure you can . 
   the state should simply write laws that are fair no matter who you are . 
  i 'm always baffled by americans ' ideas of fairness ... 
  sure , you can implement such a system on that private motorway system of yours ... 
   really says enough about the eu if that 's how much you care about member states leaving . 
  my opinion about anything says fuck all about the eu ( i 'm one of ~ 507 million ... ) 2 . 
  where do you get the idea that i do n't care a great deal about member states leaving ? 
  just to remind you , here 's what you just posted close by :  to be honest , i do n't care that much about eastern european countries leaving if they wanted to . 
  i mean , i love them and i do not have a problem with them being in the eu but i would n't mind as much if they decided to leave , except for poland and the baltics . 
  the point is , i care much more about the european project than about any particular member state beeing part of it ( that includes germany ) and i 'm not convinced that britains eu membership is even helpful for the european project ...
