it , s not an albanian flag , it 's a map of greater albania that includes albania , kosovo , parts of montenegro , macedonia and greece . 
  they were not on the list . 
  the albanian fa just decided to bring 45 extra people to the game . 
  now that 's just cynical . 
  albania did not send the fans because uefa ordered them not to , not because the wanted avoid the incident . 
  the albanian fans ware banned by uefa . 
  that is just not true . 
  he went to the airport and insisted the those people attend the match even though they were not on the list sent by albanian fa . 
  i do n't know anything about this so i ca n't comment . 
  yes they did . 
  just as any national national anthem is booed when two balkan countries play . 
  the same way the serbian anthem was booed in croatia and bosnia , and will be booed in albania . 
  it 's not as if serbs invented booing the anthems . 
  this is a bad thing but lets not fool ourselves this is the balkan reality . 
  yes they did , and serbia should be fined for this . 
  again this is standard when balkan countries play each other . 
  do you think the it will be any better in the return game ? 
  yes they did , and serbia should be fined for this . 
  this is just bad organization on the part of serbian fa . 
  now this is just sad . 
  banner with albanian symbols ? 
  what type of albanian symbols are we talking about ? 
  map of greater albania . 
  is that the albanian flag ? 
  why don you try to fly that flag anywhere in greece , macedonia or montenegro and see how far will it get you . 
  a map that includes territories of other countries . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_albania that would be like german fans waving a map of wwii germany in paris . 
  sure the drone was flying on its own . 
  yes they did , and serbia should be fined for this . 
  this is just bad organization on the part of serbian fa . 
  yes one of the stewards attacked an albanian player and serbia should be fined for this . 
  albanians were searched by police because the took the flag and refused to give it to the uefa officials . 
  the flag is evidence you can not just take it with you . 
  this is for their own safety . 
  this is a high risk match . 
  police waited for the crowds to disperse so they could safely transport them to the airport . 
  they settled after the wwii when some 200.000 germans when expelled . 
  yugoslavia settled people from poorer regions ( montenegro , herzegovina , dalmatia ) . 
  no one messed with the `` normal '' alphabet . 
  both cyrillic and latin are based on greek alphabet and that 's why they look similar . 
  cyrillic was specifically modified to fit slavic languages at the time , that 's why it has additional letters . 
  in serbia it 's not customary to exchange gifts for xmas , also if she is orthodox , the xmas is on january 7th . 
  smoki is a type of snack with peanut butter that 's quite popular . 
  plazma ( they are sold as lane biscuits in the west ), 
  jaffa cakes ( most popular ones are from crvenka , but milka makes them too ), 
  munchmallow classic ( because of poor packaging these have a habit of not being fresh when you buy them ), 
  eurocrem ( a nutella like spread ), 
  eurocrem bar ( the same thing just in a shape of a bar ), 
  bajadera ( croatian but popular in serbia ), 
  he did n't . 
  `` they came to our restaurant and offered co-operation , so that is all . 
  we are now thinking and seeing what we can do with that , but it is not true that i already bought the whole supply . '', 
  there was never organized witch hunts like in the west . 
  orthodox church did n't have an inquisition . 
  also most of modern serbia was under ottoman rule back then and the church just did n't have that much power . 
  what we did have were cases of villagers lynching older women , whom they believed to be witches , all until the 19th century , usually during the epidemics or droughts . 
  branding them or roasting them alive was the standard punishment . 
  throwing them into lakes was a test to see if they were witches . 
  if she floats , she is a witch . 
  serbian law from 1810 explicitly bans witch hunts . 
   would a serb be safe going to a bar in the muslim part of bosnia-herzegovina ? 
  yes , most of the times . 
  bad things could happen , especially if alcohol is involved and someone has a big mouth . 
   is there still a degree of intermarriage ? 
  that 's rare . 
  before the war it was 5-10 % depending on the area , now it 's less than 2 % . 
  there is always talking behind the back . 
  she married a turk ( bosniak ) , chetnik ( serb ) or ustasha ( croat ) and stuff like that . 
   are there croatian tourists that visit belgrade ? 
  mostly kids going to night clubs and festivals . 
  belgrade is mostly seen as a party destination . 
   i mainly prefer dancing, 
  for some reason nobody dances in serbian clubs , we just look at each other . 
   any kinds of sketchy people i should be avoiding, 
  taxi drivers in the airport , bus and train station , in front of shopping malls and in front of night clubs . 
  in the airport just ignore the pushy guys offering you `` the cheapest ride '' and go take a voucher at the stand . 
   and last , but no least , just out of curiosity , do serbian people think anything about us mexicans ? 
  we think that all of you wear sombreros and sing in a mariachi band . 
  we also think that cactus is the only type of vegetation in mexico . 
  at one point we thought that you all had the swine flu , but those days are gone . 
  it could be, 
  flag of islamic community of bosnia, 
   islamic medieval, 
  i ca n't wait for the comments . 
  yugoslavia was never under soviet control , although it was communist . 
  it was never a member of the warsaw pact , actually there was a high probability of an soviet invasion in the fifties but than stalin died . 
  i wrote that comment since the name is not islamic at all . 
  it just a regular slavic name . 
  i thought there would be a bunch of angry serbs showing up . 
  it 's not uncommon for bosniaks to have arabic first names , but this name is croatian . 
  i 'm not sure if you can access the bridge , it 's been under reconstruction for quite a while . 
  some parts of bosnia , kosovo and southern serbia still have minefields and/or unexploded cluster bombs so be careful when going off the beaten path . 
  spitzer castle in beo\u010din , serbia, 
  serbian army hq , belgrade , serbia, 
  http://www.atlasobscura.com/places/ruins-yugoslav-army-hq you can not access the building . 
  bigz building, 
  how did you get this apartment ? 
  did you pay in advance ? 
  did you get any type of receipt ? 
  if you got it from an agency complain directly to them .
