  you can find the adventures of huckleberry finn online ( avanture haklberi fina ) . 
  both huckleberry finn and the sound of fury ( buka i bes ) were required reading when i was back in school so it 's possible they already read it . 
  i have seen such banners but this banner reads `` bijeljina serbia never bih ( bosnia and herzegovina ) '' . 
  it does n't mention srebrenica at all . 
  slav is literally the one who speaks ( slovo = word ) . 
  other tribes that they did n't understand were nemci ( mutes ) . 
  in many slavic languages germany is called `` land of the mutes '' even today ( n\u011bmecko , nema\u010dka , njema\u010dka ... ), 
  the word slave does come from slav but it has nothing to do with ottomans its much older than that . 
  it 's from latin sclavus . 
  jedo - \u0110edo , grandfather, 
  nunny - nana or nena , grandmother, 
  these are not commonly used today in serbia . 
  it 's quite possible that your grandparents are serbs from croatia or bosnia or montenegro . 
  maybe you should consider checking out travel agencies , they organize monastery tours . 
  it would save you a lot of trouble since most of these monasteries ar not that easily accessible . 
  it 's quite popular in countries of former yugoslavia . 
  yugoslavia was 5 time world basketball champion . 
  but they share a lot with italy and greece . 
  ever seen dubrovnik or kotor ? 
  the relations between yugoslavia and italy were tense before the wwii . 
  mussolini wanted the entire adriatic coast . 
  he sponsored separatist movements in order to destabilize yugoslavia ( ustasha ( croatian ) , imro ( bulgarian ) and albanian ) . 
  imro and ustashas assassinated king alexander of yugoslavia in marseille in 1934 . 
  they were financed and trained in italy . 
  it 's called terazijski tunel . 
  you might have a problem finding a high resolution picture that you can print . 
  no , you need to be 18 in order to vote . 
  it would n't be the first time the cia world factbook is wrong . 
  electoral right - article 52, 
  every citizen of age and working ability of the republic of serbia shall have the right to vote and be elected . 
   also , what age is meant by `` of age '' ? 
  it means 18 and older . 
  i 've been living in serbia all my life and you can not vote if you are under the age of 18 no matter if you are employed or not . 
  you can be employed if you are 15 or older but that does n't have anything to do with voting rights . 
  despite what cia factbook said the age of suffrage in serbia is 18 . 
   that just says people of age and working ability can vote and be elected . 
  it does n't say that people who are not of age can not vote . 
  that is the only article of serbian constitution that defines who can vote . 
  the constitution does not define who can not vote . 
  yes . 
  i have found a few more places thar claim the same thing but they all cite cia . 
  i was unable to find any sources in serbian . 
  serbian constitution only has an article that defines what it means to be of age . 
   right to legal person - article 37, 
   everyone shall have legal capacity . 
  upon becoming of age all persons shall become capable of deciding independently about their rights and obligations . 
  a person becomes of age after turning 18 . 
  a person may choose and use personal name and name of their children freely . 
  and there is an article that defines who can vote in the election . 
   electoral right - article 52, 
   every citizen of age and working ability of the republic of serbia shall have the right to vote and be elected . 
  suffrage shall be universal and equal for all , the elections shall be free and direct and voting is carried out by secret ballot in person . 
  election right shall be protected by the law and in accordance with the law . 
  it 's possible that cia misinterpreted `` working ability '' ( poslovna sposobnost ) with being employed . 
  i believe that the term in english would be `` legal capacity '' . 
  the guy is a troll . 
  that 's a pretty well known photograph . 
  it was taken by photographer ron haviv in vukovar . 
  also his user name is drantesmrdelic wich is an obvious pun on dr ante pavelic a croatian nazi leader during wwii . 
  smrdelic meaning stinkyson . 
  it 's serbian . 
  lol , rambo amadeus for montenegro . 
  i love the guy but really doubt he is the most successful artist . 
  while he had some commercial success in the late eighties and early nineties what he does is far from mainstream . 
  eurovision fans did n't know what hit them in 2012 . 
  silkworm . 
  the city name is svilajnac ( svila = silk ) . 
   montenegro left in 2006 , long after the yugoslav wars . 
   what does that have to do with it . 
  kosovo left long after the yugoslav wars , does n't mean it was spared violence . 
  that 's 6 years after milo\u0161evi\u0107 was toppled . 
  the whole serbia-servia mix-up came from the fact that the name used in the west came through modern greek language that pronounces beta as v. 
  i highly doubt that the english would take the name of a spanish city from greek . 
  i could be wrong . 
  in serbia some 200k-250k flu vaccines are distributed for free every year . 
  the elephant man ( 1980 ) . 
  i have seen it as a kid ( 13-14 ) and i really do n't think i have the strength to re-watch it . 
  that movie was so sad and depressing . 
  it was not that serious but it could have been . 
  i was riding a bicycle and i was trying to cross tram tracks when my front wheel got caught in the gap in the track and i was catapulted over the steering wheel . 
  while i was flying trough the air the only thing i was thinking was as soon as i hit the ground i need to start rolling to the right so i do n't get run over by a tram or cars behind me . 
  luckily as i was flying my right foot got caught in the frame of the bicycle and slowed me down . 
  i could n't walk for a few weeks after that . 
  tl ; dr i had no deep existential thoughts , it was just run you idiot and if you survive do n't do it again . 
   so how did one of the most respected presidents for life of any country ever get that silly name ? 
  he chose it as nom de guerre while the communism was illegal . 
   how is it viewed by common people ? 
  the name was never used in serbia , and its pretty rare in croatia . 
   does it mean anything ? 
  it 's derived from latin titus which is of unknown meaning . 
   why is it done ? 
  it 's a remnant of pagan customs . 
  the relatives eat and later leave food at the grave . 
  the food that was left was meant for the poor . 
  today , leaving food is against the rules of graveyards but people still do it . 
   is this custom widely spread around the country ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  where i grew up this was not a custom . 
  northern plains , hills . 
  movies are not dubbed in serbia unless they are children 's movies or sometimes documentaries .
