  the only way to find these in torrent or youtube . 
  search for `` sinhronizovano '' . 
  maybe it would be easier to watch serbian movies with english subtitles . 
   europe is yellow because of iso 8601 . 
  younger people tend to think of monday as first day of week but us older ones still think it 's sunday and our calendars reflect that usually , sunday starting . 
  i 'm not sure that 's the only reason . 
  in slavic languages tuesday is `` second day '' , wednesday is `` middle day '' , thursday is `` forth day '' and friday is `` fifth day '' . 
  that would imply that monday in first day of the week . 
  and this is not a new development . 
  but second , fourth and fifth day do work . 
  they spent 2 years tanning in corfu . 
  slovenia used tolar until the introduction of the euro in 2007 . 
  in serbia you get a year for fist and second child and you get 2 years for third and every subsequent child . 
  this is all because serbia has low birth rate but it 's not really helping . 
  serbia , not siberia . 
  he was filming kelly 's heroes . 
  it was a usa-yugoslavia co-production . 
  stra\u0161no . 
  sbb duo net silver 30/2 mb/s, 
  2799 din za internet + tv, 
  according to latest census there is around 15.000 chinese citizens living in serbia . 
  they started arriving in late nineties . 
  they usually run stores selling cheap consumer goods , the kind serbians can afford . 
  in the last few years some of them have opened bigger department stores . 
  they are usually seen as hard working and diligent . 
  most of them do n't stay for too long , they only see serbia as a temporary stop to western europe . 
  they stick to themselves and mostly do n't try to integrate . 
  in all the years there have only been 18 mixed serbian-chinese marriages . 
  as for international politics serbs usually like china primarily because they see it as opposition to usa . 
   unlike most of european countries which are secular, 
  serbia is a secular state as most of european states are . 
  serbia does not have a state religion . 
   i would like to ask about the influence of religion your country, 
  officially state and religion are separated but since only 1,1 % of serbian citizens declare themselves as atheist the politicians like to kiss up to religious communities in order to get votes in elections . 
  this way religious classes were introduced into state schools . 
  the classes are not compulsory . 
  churches do not pay taxes . 
  i see that iran is officially called islamic republic of iran . 
  what type of power do ayatollah and other religious leader have ? 
  if parliament or president make a decision can ayatollah annul it ? 
  is there a religious police ? 
  are they a part of the official police force ? 
  unfortunately , for an a average serb everything east of turkey and west of china and india is a just one big desert with camels and arabs . 
  most do not even know that iranians are not arabs , and quite a few have trouble distinguishing between iran and iraq . 
  i am only aware of slobodan kova\u010d , the volleyball coach , who was the head of iran men 's national team . 
  up to 10 $ for best seats . 
  you can find last-minute tickets for only a few euros . 
  http://jdp.rs/en/repertoire-reservations/ ( with prices ), 
  in serbian crvena is commonly used . 
  rumena is usually used when speaking of skin ( ruddy complexion ), 
  ri\u0111a and rusa are used for hair color . 
  rusa being more archaic . 
  bla\u017ea varijanta permanentnog rata iz * 1984 * . 
  it 's a registration sticker . 
  it 's not for diplomatic immunity but judging by the number this vehicle was owned by an embassy . 
  bg63-a-01414 --  registration number ( bg --  registered in belgrade , a --  owned by embassy ), 
  --  expiry date ( so it was registered in september 2013 ), 
   in high school for example , can you use the one you like or can some professor advice you to use one ? 
  you can use whichever you want except when it comes to serbian language classes . 
  certain number of written exams has to be written in cyrillic and latin scripts . 
  at least that 's how it used to be when i was in school . 
   does the choice of script say anything about a person ? 
  not really . 
  some right wing groups insist on using cyrillic , but other that that people just use the script they are more comfortable with . 
  most older people are just used to cyrillic . 
   can you use any script when conducting government related paperwork ? 
  cyrillic is the official script . 
  all state institutions have to use cyrillic , but that does not mean that citizens have to use it when communicating with the state . 
  i have filled multiple cyrillic forms in latin script and never had a problem . 
  there were cases where state institutions used latin and they were forced to issue documents in cyrillic after people complained . 
  but most people just do n't care enough to complain . 
  it has more to do with the fact that pupils just need to learn both cyrillic and latin and this way you are forcing them to use both . 
  i 'm not sure about regional differences . 
  edit, 
  i just sew what i wrote in the previous post . 
  you can use both cyrillic and latin in serbian classes , it 's just that some written exams have to be done in one or the other . 
  jelen and srna are different species . 
  jelen is deer and srna is a much smaller roe deer ( european roe deer ) . 
  they are not interchangeable but many native speakers make the mistake believing that srna is a female deer . 
  famale deer --  ko\u0161uta, 
  male roe deer --  srnda\u0107, 
  female roe deer --  srna, 
  baby roe deer --  lane, 
  montenegrin version of bcms ( bosnian-croatian-montenegrin-serbian ) has added two letters a few years back : \u015a and \u0179, 
  this was most probably printed after the war . 
  it 's just a compilation of jokes from the time of war . 
  street vendors used to sell these . 
  the text in serbian :, 
  sorry , your plane is on fire, 
  mine is visible , but it does n't fall, 
  bu\u0111anovci scrap yard : we have f-117 parts ( bu\u0111anovci is the village where the plane crashed ), 
  suddenly the ground was in my way, 
  he was trying to land in sur\u010din . 
  ( belgrade civilian airport ), 
  look dad , no hands . 
  what 's gon na happen to the white house ? 
  i 'll burn it down . 
  ( a reference to a yugoslav movie from the eighties ), 
  final destination , bu\u0111anovci, 
  send us another one ... we need it to cover the pig stay ( before the yugoslav army was able to recover the parts of the plane one of the villagers used the parts to cover his pig stay ),
