  legalization of medical marijuana is being discussed , but i would n't hold my breath . 
   where is a good neighborhood to live in ? 
  i need somewhere with good public transport links to the fpn , and i like to be kinda near some bars and cafes . 
  i 've been to belgrade a few times before but have never seen that area of the city . 
  should i just stick to stari grad ? 
  fpn is well connected . 
  there are three tram ( 9,10,14 ) and three bus lines ( 33,47,48 ) . 
  all of these lines pass trough autokomanda , parts of vra\u010dar and slavija , so those would be good places to look for an apartment . 
  except for the 10 tram , which goes the long way around , there is no direct line from stari grad to fpn . 
  if you are looking to save some money you could stay in vo\u017edovac or banjica . 
   what are some good websites or fb groups to do apartment hunting ? 
  i do n't mind having a roommate if it 's a big apartment . 
  there is an expat facebook group . 
  i think that would be a good place to find a roomate, 
   last and very important question : where can i get the best burek in the city ? 
  now that is a philosophical question . 
  utorak - the second one, 
  \u010detvrtak - the forth one, 
  petak - the fifth one, 
  it 's archaic . 
  vtori use to mean second in old slavonic , it still does in macedonian and bulgarian , but that word no longer used in serbian . 
  montevideo , bog te video !, 
  \u010carlston za ognjenku ( 2008 ), 
  technotise - edit i ja ( 2009 ) - animirani , iznene\u0111uju\u0107e duhovit, 
  `` let 's flatten belgrade '', 
  what you see in the picture is a street demolished in the middle of the night by armed and masked men in unmarked uniforms . 
  the street was demolished in order to build a highly controversial belgrade waterfront . 
  that , of course , is not a real billboard , it 's photo-shopped . 
  i was flipping trough the channels on tv and before i could change the channel some critic started his review of the others with, 
  `` this is a movie about a woman who killed her children ... '', 
  sunday shopping is definitely possible in monenegro . 
  da li je nasilan ? 
  you can get up to 3 years for possession of any amount of drugs including marijuana , but if it 's marijuana people usually get away with with a fine and/or suspended sentence . 
  magdalice sounds too close to mangulice , which is a breed of pig . 
   is `` parovi '' a popular show in serbia ? 
  yes, 
   do you know about this story ? 
   what do you think about it ? 
  nothing . 
  fighting in reality shows became really common in the last few years . 
   are you shocked by what happened ? 
  ( surprised ? ), 
  not shocked at all . 
  we have a reality show in which a drug dealer is beating people up . 
   do you feel that it should be a normal occurence on tv ? 
  no , it should not . 
   is there any type of authory that is supposed to tell what is `` ok '' to be broadcasted according to standards about sex or violence ... ? 
  yes , there is an agency called rra that regulates whats broadcasted and to put it mildly they are not doing their job . 
  even though they have the power to revoke broadcasting licenses given to tv stations they have never done it . 
  according to 2011 census it 's the most common last name in serbia . 
  there is 120.000 jovanovics in serbia . 
  it could be from anywhere . 
  i would n't be surprised if it was . 
  i remember , in the 1993 , during the breakup of yugoslavia , seeing medications that expiry date was 1947 . 
  more than half of medical donations given to bosnia during the war were unusable . 
  it 's cheaper to donate it then destroy according to regulations . 
  i 'm not sure why earlier data is missing . 
  these maps were given to the media by the statistical office of the republic of serbia some time after the census of 2011 ( in 2013 i believe ) and i just made a gif out of them . 
  i know that albanians in kosovo had a long history of boycotting censuses . 
  the data from the 1991 census in kosovo is completely worthless and there was no census on kosovo in 2001 . 
  nikola entered top 5 in 1987 , became number one in 1993 and stayed in the first place until 2009 when luka become most popular . 
  after the collapse of yugoslavia , increased return to religion and rise of nationalism can be seen in names given to children . 
  most of the names are either from the bible or names of saints ( nikola , luka , marko , pavle , petar ) or names of medieval serbian rulers and national heroes ( nemanja , stefan , milo\u0161 , lazar , strahinja , uro\u0161 ) . 
  you can see certain trends in earlier decades too . 
  from 1941 to 1947 , during german occupation and right after the war the most common name was slobodan ( freeman ) . 
  also , right after king alexander named his son tomislav in 1928 this name entered top 5 and stayed ther until 1940 . 
   then why did n't it happen in the other places ? 
  it did . 
  but serbia , greece and bulgaria expelled most of the muslims ( both turks and locals that converted ) during 19th and early 20th century . 
  you can find some in depth explanations at r/askhistorians, 
  3 years is the maximum sentence for possession , not minimum . 
  people usually get away with a fine . 
  medical marijuana is not legal . 
  legalization for medical use is being considered but that will not happen for at least a few years . 
  the law is pretty strick . 
  you can get up to 3 years in prison , but mostly people get fined a few hundred dollars . 
  since you are a foreigner you might face deportation . 
  possession and trafficking are two different things . 
  minimum sentence for trafficking is 3 years . 
  the man in the link you posted had 70 grams on him . 
  even in the us , in the states where pot it 's legal , you cant own an unlimited amount . 
  it 's usually ut to an ounce ( 28 grams ), 
   people either grew their own plants or `` dealt '' the stuff so the crew around them could smoke it for free . 
  the fact that those prisoners gave it away for free to their friends does n't change a thing in the eyes of the law . 
  it 's still trafficking . 
  prodavao je i delio je travu drugarima . 
  `` fire walk with me . '', 
  there was a printing house operating in cetinje , montenegro from 1493 to 1496 . 
  before you buy him a tv you need to know that serbia uses dvb-t2 standard , but a lot of tvs on the market are older with dvb-t tuners . 
  if he uses cable or already has a dvb-t2 set-top box then you can buy a tv without a dvb-t2 tuner . 
  you basically have a bunch of local brands ( fox , vox , vivax , tesla ) that sell mostly low end tvs . 
  a 32 inch should be around 20k ( even as low as 17k ) . 
  i bought a basic fox model some 2 years ago and had no problems with it . 
  it does n't have much features but the picture is fine . 
  as for european brands i believe there is only phillips left . 
  you should be able to find one for 25-30k . 
  grundig and telefunken were bought by the turks and i would avoid them . 
  my parents bought telefunken and had nothing but trouble with it . 
  it 's russian , not serbian . 
  it 's about reporting someone as a cheater .
