  it 's most probably sanitarna inspekcija ( sanitary inspection ) or turisti\u010dka inspekcija ( tourist inspection ) . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the people who rent appartments usualy do it without proper licences and they avoid to pay taxes so threatening them with tourist or market inspection might work . 
  it 's serbian . 
  only to bigz . 
  you can just walk in . 
  army hq is guarded , so you can only see it from the street . 
  in herceg novi , montenegro they usually organize tours that cover a few places including mamula prison and arza fortress . 
  it should be around 15-20 $ per person . 
  while standard serbian and croatian are basically the same language , slovenian is different and it 's not mutually intelligible with serbian . 
  latin script has been slowly pushing cyrillic out . 
  cyrillic is still official script so all official documents need to be written in cyrillic . 
  it 's not a must but it would be helpful . 
  it you intend to travel to serbia , all street names are in cyrillic , bus tickets , train tickets and a lot of the times receipts and bills are in cyrillic too . 
  i 'm pretty sure that there is some law that says that it 's illegal to download copyrighted materials , but i have never heard of anyone being asked to pay or go to court . 
  i remember , a few years back , guy was sentenced for leaking a screener of a popular serbian movie ( not `` a serbian film '' , a different one ) . 
  in this country it 's your patriotic duty to pirate foreign movies , especially hollywood movies . 
  not really . 
  the problems started with unification in 1918 . 
  on the other side christian ( serb/croat ) vs. muslim ( bosniak ) conflict is much older . 
  the serbian and former montenegrin flags had different shades of blue . 
  the blue in montenegrin flag was described as `` plavetna '' which is usually used to describe the color of a clear sky . 
  yes, 
  sorry , the one on the right . 
   mostar -  some places , any ideas ? 
   belgrade -  not sure here either , any ideas ? 
   my main question is whether seven weeks would be enough to do all this, 
  more the enough, 
   my other question - if i 'm mainly staying in hostels , does anyone know how much i should expect to spend ? 
  and in the sept-oct months , how much should i book ahead ? 
  would i be safe to book hostels a few days before arriving , or should i plan more rigidly ? 
  in belgrade it should be from 10-15 $ depending on the hostel and number of the beds in the room . 
  croatia , slovenia and coastal area of montenegro are more expensive . 
  i think a few days in advance would be enough for that time of year . 
  in old yugoslavia he was seen as a hero . 
  streets and schools were named after him . 
  when i was a kid the whole class was taken to a movie theater to watch a movie about the assassination . 
  during the yugoslav wars the yugoslav dinar was all but useless because of the hyperinflation ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation#yugoslavia ) . 
  when you got your paycheck you instantly bought deutsche marks since the dinar was losing its value rapidly and tomorrow you would be left with nothing . 
  deutsche mark become de facto currency in both serbia and montenegro . 
  even after the hyperinflation ended there was very little trust in the local currency and the mark was used for every bigger transaction ( buying appliances , cars , real estate ) . 
  in 1999 when the separatist tendencies started to grow the deutsche mark was introduced as an official currency in an attempt to distance montenegro from serbia . 
  it was stable and it was available . 
  during the old yugoslavia there was a lot of gastarbeiters ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gastarbeiter#west_germany ) working in germany and they would send money back home . 
  this money was saved or exchanged for dinars in the black market . 
  this started in the 1960 's . 
  there was some swiss francs and dollars available but not that much . 
  i 'm not sure how smart it would be to save in liras , drachmas and especially rubles . 
  yes , slovenians learned serbo-croatian in schools . 
  i believe it was from fifth grade . 
  yes they studied cyrillic . 
  croats had to learn cyrillic in third grade elementary school . 
  serbs had to learn latin script in thrird grade elementary school . 
  macedonians had to learn latin script in their serbo-croatian classes . 
  stribor kusturica and the poisoners - black train, 
  ne , hvala . 
  my choice would be vra\u010dar , but that really depends on where you work . 
  new belgrade is not a ghetto and it 's safe . 
  it 's is mainly apartment buildings , business building and shopping malls . 
  if you own a car it would be easier to find parking unlike vra\u010dar where you need to pay . 
  not so well connected with public transport as vra\u010dar . 
  vra\u010dar is within walking distance from downtown and it 's also well connected . 
  sitno je - it 's small ( it 's change ), 
  in serbian there is a an expression `` brojati sitno '' ( to count the change ) which means that a soldier or a prison inmate has only a few days left in the military or prison . 
  this is not quite clear since the is no punctuation marks . 
  its either `` 174 days pleasantly went by '' or `` 174 days . 
  pleasant spring '', 
  by the time serbia became independent all the good one were taken . 
  the only ones left starting with letter s were . sf . sp . sq . ss . sy . sx . 
   is it something they kept from old yugoslavia ? 
  like maybe federal republic of yugoslavia . 
  no , the old domain was . yu, 
  serbia also has a cyrillic domain . \u0421\u0420\u0411 ( . srb ) but it 's rarely used . 
  they are just trying to get attention from the media and the patriarch . 
  their 150 years old church was damaged in a storm last year . 
  local priest started tearing it down , but was stopped . 
  he claims that the church ca n't be repaired and wants to build a new one . 
  jus primae noctis is made up and it never existed anywhere in europe including the ottoman empire . 
  it 's just a myth . 
  and quoting andreas breivik as a historical source . 
  that 's just silly . 
  to se odnosi samo na modele sa integrisanim wifi ruterom . 
  the one on the right was arrested for prostitution last year . 
  yes , there is a man who is willing to pay her for sex . 
  later she was arrested for organizing a kidnapping of a former high school friend . 
  she thought the girl had hacked her facebook account . 
  dodatni problem je \u0161to dovodi do tolerancije i eventualno zavisnosti . 
  his country was occupied and illegally annexed . 
  if some frenchman assassinated hitler in 1940 in paris , he would n't be considered a villain , would he . 
  ne vidim u \u010demu je problem . 
  average age at first marriage in serbia is 30 for women and 33 for men , so you are not `` stara cura '' at all . 
  it 's even higher in urban areas . 
   however i have sadly noticed that i 'm viewed as too old back home . 
  by whom ? 
  relatives ? 
  most of the girls my generation were not married at 30 , and almost no men were married at that age . 
  bosnian muslims are not of turkish descent , they are local slavs that converted to islam during the ottoman occupation . 
  they ware recognized by their names . 
  bosniaks usually had arabic first names and easily recognizable patronymic last names . 
  also locals just knew what village or part of town was predominantly muslim or christian .
