  the kid did n't know it was invisible, 
  ( the first one is also used for describing a guy that has no influence on his life and listens to his wife all the time ), 
  zimski bioskop . 
  huh . 
  koga briga , on je lopov !, 
  a ha !, 
  `` elita '' glasa , sve samo intelekt . 
  red izigravanja \u017ertve , red pretnji . 
  stari je to radikal . 
  pasivna agresija dovedena do savr\u0161enstva . 
  police . 
  they are not all protesting , just members of the police and military unions that are not working that day . 
  they do n't really have a choice . 
  according to serbian law it 's illegal for milliary and police members to go on strike . 
  even though constitutional court decided in 2012 that it is legal for police members go on strike they usually do n't . 
  na happy-ju kod mari\u0107a ? 
  apparently there is a few types of software that hotels and hostels owners can use to register guests online . 
  from what i gathered if you are registered online , then the apartment owner needs to print the confirmation for you . 
   what is the best way to get to other cities like novi sad ? 
  or to other balkan countries like montenegro ? 
  by bus . 
  if going to montenegro you can use the train . 
  it 's notoriously unreliable , but since you are a photographer it can provide some great photo opportunities in montenegro . 
   what 's the general attitude towards photography/photographers ? 
  ( are people receptive to a stranger , aka me , photographing them or asking to photograph them ? ), 
  hard to say , just ask . 
   is it allowed in most places such as nightclubs/music venues ? 
  i do n't know about night clubs , but entering music venues with a camera might be a problem . 
   i 'm traveling with large format and medium format film , has anyone had any experience in asking for hand inspections of film leaving serbia ? 
  i have n't heard of anyone asking for hand inspection , but then again i have n't heard of anyone using film in along time . 
  you might want to check out this photo blog by ana american ex-pat living in serbia . 
   books , street signs , local news reports - cyrillic or latin ? 
  depends on the publisher but most popular literature these day is printed in latin script . 
  looking at books on my shelves i wold say 3/4 are in latin script . 
  street names are in cyrillic . 
  in the last few years they started adding latin street names names in some parts of belgrade because of tourists . 
  traffic signs are in latin , or both latin and cyrillic . 
  out of 5 tv stations with national coverage only rts ( owned by the state ) uses cyrillic , other use latin . 
  out of daily papers politika and novosti use cyrillic , while all the rest use latin . 
   10 page paper due friday - cyrillic or latin ? 
  that 's up to the student to decide . 
  while computers today allow you to switch to cyrillic for a long time that was not the case and a lot of the user would n't know how to do it . 
  also , i do n't remember ever seeing a keyboard with serbian cyrillic . 
   writing a text message to a friend - cyrillic or latin ? 
  most probably latin . 
  while smartphones today have the option of using cyrillic for a long time the english latin script was the only script available and people are used to it . 
   writing a r\u00e9sum\u00e9 - cyrillic or latin ? 
  that 's up to you to decide . 
  you are not going to find any official and reliable data . 
  unfortunately , in the balkans , number of victims is more a political question then a historical one . 
  it 's purposefully left unanswered so it can be ( mis ) used for political purposes . 
  war in bosnia has been researched the most since bosnia was under un administration after the war . 
  there is a book called the bosnian book of the dead . 
  it contains the names of the 97k people that were killed during the war . 
  i was unable to find it online . 
  here you can find list of the victims during the kosovo conflict . 
  census would be of no help , number of refugees was enormous , by the millions and most people never returned home . 
  compering numbers would be of no use . 
  jocovi\u0107 ( yo-tzo-vitch ) appears to be a last name originating from northern montenegro . 
  google provides these two sources . 
  to keep it short . 
  - jocovi\u0107s have settled from kuchi to vrane\u0161ka dolina ( bijelo polje municipality ) in 1780 . 
  - they spread from there to aluge ( \u017dabljak ) , granice ( nik\u0161i\u0107 ) , mao\u010de ( pljevlja ) , pavino polje ( bijelo polje ) and other places, 
  additional problem is that its quite possible that the spelling was changed . 
  as other have pointed out first name is not luban but ljuban . 
  there is also a last name jo\u010dovi\u0107 ( yo-cho-vitch ) . 
  it 's possible that whoever wrote it down changed the spelling it from djokovi\u0107 ( jo-ko-vitch ) . 
  that would complicate things since djokovic is relatively common name . 
  it pops up in the media every here and there . 
  the price is around 1000 $ / kg so i doubt you will find anyone here who has tried it . 
  you can buy 50g for around 50 $ . 
  they claim it takes 25l to make 1kg of cheese and it takes one donkey 2 years to give that amount of milk . 
  they used to produce cosmetics and soaps and then they started with cheese . 
  a hero , sometimes as a naive and idealistic young man , but never as a villain . 
  this is not a new development . 
  he was seen a hero during yugoslavia too . 
  in his trial he stated `` i am a yugoslav nationalist , aiming for the unification of all yugoslavs , and i do not care what form of state , but it must be freed from austria . '' . 
  the communists loved that quote . 
  streets and schools were named after him , in school we were taken to the movie theater to watch a movie about the sarajevo assassination . 
  he was depicted a a heroic young man who gave his live for freedom . 
  this was in the eighties . 
  after the collapse of yugoslavia this changed , in croatia and bosnia he was depicted as a serbian nationalist . 
  his country was under occupation and an heir to the throne was there to inspect the maneuvers of the occupying troupes . 
  if someone assassinated hitler in 1940 during his tour of paris , he would most probably be considered a hero in france . 
  in terezin prison ( czech republic ) where princip died from tuberculosis there is commemorative plaque describing him as a `` symbol of struggle against hapsburg monarchy '' . 
  a criminal used by the state and eliminated when he was no longer needed . 
  what do you mean by infrastructure ? 
  freeways , railroads ? 
  most of the infrastructure was built during yugoslavia , financed by loans from the west . 
  today they are in state od disrepair , especially the railroads . 
  it 's not holding up . 
  the average train speed in serbia is 42km/h . 
  there was no investments in railroads for almost 40 years . 
  ( evo , sad je 0,25 mbps download / 0,80 mbps upload ), 
  vojvodina was almost completely depopulated after the ottomans were pushed out in late 17th and early 18th century . 
  it 's when the colonization begun . 
  austria gave land to germans , poles , czechs , slovak and hungarians . 
  at the same time serbs started moving north . 
  i got up , shaved and went with aco and cibe to local command . 
  we found the commanding officer of the 46 additional regiment , captain second class dra\u0161kovi\u0107 .
