  this is my own thing , not something that spaniards do but ... my favourite sandwich is ham and cheese smothered in dijon mustard . 
  it 's crazy good . 
  you forgot to mention that galicia and catalu\u00f1a also have bilingual signs both in their autonomous language and in spanish . 
  hk g36e . 
  pretty standard and reliable . 
  i think they are popular around the world just because they are easy to package and sell . 
  in spain we do eat crisps and we have lots of brands . 
  popcorn is mostly consumed in the cinema however , i have never seen anybody prepare popcorn in their homes except for myself lol . 
  pro tip : do n't buy those microwaveable popcorn unless you want cancer in a few years . 
  buy a popcorn machine like this [ this one ] ( http://www.electronicavicente.com/fichaarticulo~x~palomitero-vintage-orbegozo-pa5000~idarticulo~18611.html?gclid=cjwkeajwutxibrdv7-sdvdinsuosjaciltqltki1uqyq01kesspmfq3lltxb2tq6qy9sszyznbarlbocrnvw_wcb ) and use ecologic corn . 
  add some salt . 
  delish !, 
  everybody here talking about mcdonalds but how about the kahuna burger ? 
  does that even exist or is that just something from the movie ? 
  in spain it 's really good and would n't change it . 
  only hunters ( having passed some exams ) and people who participate in sports related to guns may have them . 
  semi automatic and automatic rifles are banned unless you completely nullify their mechanisms inside ( for collectors ) . 
  only people with war weapons are the army and police . 
  nah , i only watch the final . 
  mainly because spain already gets a free pass to it so that 's the day that matters to me most . 
  flamenco and sevillanas were heavily listened to in spain throughout the first half of the 20th century . 
  andalucia !, 
  it 's funny as i remember in super mario galaxy for the wii , there were some robots with southern us accent in the english version and those same robots in the spanish version had andalusian accent . 
  sorry to hear that mate . 
  fortunately not all spaniards are like that . 
  you just happen to meet the rotten apple of the bunch :(, 
  play videogames or watch movies with wife . 
  i do n't know if in america they produce bastardised versions of spanish food . 
  what i do see a lot is how they mix up mexican cuisine as `` spanish '' when they are totally different lol spaniards generally hate spicy food for starters !, 
  as for american food ... 
  i love peanut butter and i do receive some weird looks from people when i eat it but who cares ? 
  i love it . 
  do n't care one bit . 
  i think it 's cool to have a semi spaniard-brit people race of dudes living on a rock with monkeys bordering us . 
  totally rad . 
  spain . 
  we did n't get any lithuanian history at all . 
  all we learnt about lithuania is from geography class : position in europe and it 's capital . 
  talking with friends of mine we actually made a connection that spaniards are just like americans just that they speak spanish lol, 
  i actually never met a redditor from gibraltar but our relationship would be like any other redditor i guess . 
  got nothing against them . 
  as a spaniard myself who is also fluent in english , i always laugh my ass off when the pilot does his speech in english . 
  i do n't understand what he says even knowing both languages !, 
  wait what ? 
  how about all the good things about spain ? 
  any country in the world can be nitpicked of its shortcomings . 
  this is the kind of pessimism i was referring to in my first post . 
  it 's baseless and unfair . 
  as a spaniard , this could be a very polarising opinion , but really , screw the pessimists . 
  spain is awesome , great lifestyle , food , culture and history . 
  our diversity is also great . 
  spain is amazing . 
  period . 
  i would n't change the spanish national anthem but i think it 's about time we add some lyrics to it . 
  dude you guys have the best anthem ever made !, 
  yeah . 
  op already mentions it, 
  in 1898 we lost cuba , puerto rico and the philippines as well fyi . 
  spaniards are clever folk, 
  even more weird , they all go to the south of spain where it 's all sunny , andaluc\u00eda . 
  so basically the brits go to the florida of florida if that makes any sense !, 
  i 'd say carlos iv . 
  he basically gave the country to napoleon and shat his pants . 
  spain has a professional standing army and a reserve force made out of civilians who want to contribute to the army and work with them part time . 
  despite its name , basque country is n't a country :p, 
  because it 's the shit posts from this sub . 
  * english is my native language . 
  i use it everyday on the internet , speaking with my wife and with my brother . 
  * spanish is my other native language ( grew up with both languages in london ) . 
  i also use it everyday for work and with strangers here in spain . 
  * galician is a secondary language i use when i visit my family in galicia . 
  no , because i have a british accent and it 's only natural they think i 'm british when really i 'm not . 
  finish a big chunk of my videogame backlog . 
  damn steam sales . 
  well yeah but as the original author of that comment , i can assure you that it is n't the perspective you 're thinking about if you still had the doubt . 
  and that 's what i said in my first post . 
  not justifying but i like to view both sides of the coin . 
  saying that his actions were completely bad is just fanboying . 
  he is badly viewed and sometimes is the subject of jokes . 
  objectively he did many good things for the country but his atrocities and backwards mentality overshadow any service he did for the country . 
  edit : lol , getting downvoted for being historically accurate . 
  just so you can see how fanatic some people are about the topic . 
  i think both can coexist with the right mind set . 
  nationalism is good as long as there is tolerance . 
  of course they are european . 
  you ca n't deny what you are . 
  the british isles are in europe and they are culturally european . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love history , geography and vexillology and i know what i say . 
  the thing is , you 're correct with your assumptions . 
  i do n't like those flags as the colours just do n't go that well together . 
  its just an aesthetic thing . 
  i like simpler flags with less colours and if they have symbols , the better . 
  i hate it . 
  it just looks like an latin american flag . 
  the first republic 's flag was much better . 
  not really . 
  the parents can choose which surname goes first . 
  if they want , the mother 's surname can go first . 
  the thing is , nobody cares ( or do n't know they can choose ) and just leave the default arrangement . 
  i love canada and i 've never even been there .
