i 'd rather live in europe than get gunned at the cinema/school/mall . 
  it 's tongue in cheek humor , just like trump followers have been using during his campaign . 
  your 150 iq does n't get it . 
  it actually works very similar : can veto but never does , supreme chief of the armed forces , etc. . . 
  neither are poor but the media sells it like that . 
  next up : reddit, 
  danish are clever folk . 
  portuguese sure love their feiras, 
  allahu sounds pretty hawaiian, 
  that 's when i use gallego and they get surprised lol, 
  true . 
  the icon is the spanish flag but they teach south american spanish . 
  spanish people are only declared officially catholic but most never go to church or care about the faith . 
  yup , nobody will be listening to that in 1 week . 
  both of those flags are republican though . 
  gather other basque people and do it on some other place of the canvas . 
  yes we know it 's a joke sub . 
  and yes , we allow healthy teasing with muricans . 
  what 's your point ? 
  triggered a murican with no sense of humour, 
  welcome to the cool kids club . 
  they look like yellow ghost busters . 
  fun fact : tequila is mexican , not spanish . 
  [ a spanish tercio never surrenders !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vkwktssjhsw ), 
  still better than r/spain 's . 
  i , as a history buff that gets giggly at every historical reference , found it funny . 
  some people have to lighten up i guess . 
  we actually did invade cornwall in 1597 and since no english troops showed up to fight , the spanish just shipped back home bored lol . 
  when i went to the philippines people drank mirinda like crazy . 
  i actually thought it was a filipino brand as i never heard of it in spain . 
  i was shocked when i saw the map . 
  i wish i had those temps here, 
  i 'm originally from the northwest corner that says 23 \u00b0 . 
  best weather in all of spain . 
  unfortunately i live in zaragoza now where it 's 35-40 in summer . 
  it sucks so much . 
  i ca n't sleep , i ca n't enjoy my day ugggg, 
  at first i thought the post meant [ buckethead ] ( http://scienceismetal.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/buckethead.jpg ) the guitarist . 
  i do n't really care for it . 
  the royalty is just there , they do n't harm anybody and it 's what we have at the moment . 
  i do n't really like how they have the most privileges over the normal citizen just because of birthright but i do appreciate the king 's diplomatic role . 
  he acts like a figurehead , a character . 
  just like the queen of uk , everybody remembers her . 
  but who remembers the current prime minister of the uk when they change so often ? 
  that 's because it 's overused . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's original meaning is the platonic meaning but the media and people have taken a liking in just saying it whenever they can . 
  for spain i 'd saying the us and venezuela recently appears almost every day on the news . 
  i 'm just a fan of flags with less colours or unique designs . 
  i think they look better such as the japanese , brazilian or uk flag . 
  the current spanish flag is pretty cool too with just red or yellow . 
  i 'm just hoping if we ever turn into a republic , we adopt the first republic flag which is way better than the unpleasant 2 republic flag, 
  goes to show how not even catalans agree with eachother . 
  i think it goes badly with the other two colours . 
  whoever designed it had bad taste imo . 
  easy : next time go on vacation to the north of spain where it is n't hot . 
  solved . 
  you might be immune to a few but what if you get ganged by loads of them ? 
  if they all fall on you , even if they ca n't bite you , you wo n't be able to get up and die by asphyxiation or hunger . 
  they had some really good border controls . 
  galicia would like a word with you . 
  macedonia 's is awesome . 
  uk just for the weather . 
  i was born and grew up there but then moved to spain . 
  i mean i would n't change spain 's lifestyle and food but sometimes the heat can affect you , you know ? 
  i would take your weather any time . 
  you can keep mine . 
  probably the galician shellfishes or something, 
  unless you frequent r/askanamerican , it 's fair game :p, 
  there are a decent number of filipinos in spain mainly choosing to settle in barcelona and madrid . 
  filipinos also have an easier access to spanish citizenship than most other foreigners ( spain eases citizenship for all former colonies ) so technically through spain , a filipino could also be a euro-citizen quite easily and travel the schengen area too . 
  filipinos are famous here for being hard working and honest , humble people . 
  the biggest asian group here though are chinese . 
  they are all over the country setting up their own shops and restaurants . 
  many of them even open spanish style bars with tapas !, 
  spain does have deals with china which favour their immigration here and to set up businesses because for the first few years they do n't pay taxes . 
  as for their reputation , it 's a mixed bag . 
  they do n't integrate well with the rest of the spanish or do n't try to make native friends except for their kids who go to spanish schools . 
  in some cases they created conflict with local store owners because chinese shops are usually open 24 hours/365 which really hurts the spaniards ' shops businesses . 
  quite true !, 
  although it seems the origins are uncertain . 
  but most likely it has been first used in the 18th century . 
  thanks for the headsup . 
  i know the joke but it 's more than possible . 
  all countries argue all the time about different things ( the uk is in a similar back and forth due to everything brexit related and look at the us with its huge divide because of the trumpster ) . 
  the thing about spain is that we just like to conform ourselves with the present . 
  changes do happen in spain but very slowly ( we can see now how the pp and psoe are n't the only big parties anymore ) . 
  anyway , the reason we do n't have lyrics yet is just because it 's not a pressing issue and honestly not many people care . 
  i said cool lyrics we can all agree upon :p, 
  i like the spanish one . 
  it originated from a military march from the 19th century . 
  it has no lyrics though . 
  kosovo ( if you consider it a country ) and us are the only states without lyrics in their anthems . 
  unpopular opinion but i think it 's time we gave it some cool lyrics we can all agree upon . 
  as social animals with feelings , it is necessary for the majority of people to be monogamous . 
  marriage ( and i do n't necessarily mean it in the religious or administrative way ) is very needed and much desired by humans throughout the world . 
  you can joke around about how many males or females you want to take to bed but in the end , at the back of your head , you yearn for a real partner . 
  greece . 
  from the first city states to the peloponnesian wars going through alexander 's conquests and later on resisting turkish invasions , maintaining the byzantine empire and even through world war 2 ... greece has some amazing stories if you dig into its history . 
  i 'd add pavos as well which is literally turkeys,
