maybe your roads suck , and they want to be careful . 
  the land . 
  just like you own the land your house is on , you can own forest land . 
  many people here in sweden owns forests . 
  that means he 's from catalonia , he could have wanted to stay with spain . 
  forcing them to do a couple of extra articled cant be that bad . 
  i dont want to forbid them to write anything or censor anything . 
  what will you vote for ? 
  there should be a law to force media to cover small parties . 
  87 % are . 
  im not sure what you mean . 
  i dont consider usa and canada to be part of europe . 
  it really depends how you define europe . 
  the traditional way is that the ural mountains is the border which means a small part of kazakhstan is in europe . 
  but i dont like this definition because it contradicts with the definition of `` continent '' which is `` large landmasses separated by water '' . 
  ural mountains is n't water . 
  there is no water to separate europe and asia though , so you have to go with something . 
  i dont really consider any country beyond russia to be part europe . 
  okay , but we need to do it . 
  the consequences are well worth it , maybe not for the individual , but for the society as a whole . 
  you sound really swedish . 
  we need to fight for tolerance all over the world . 
  pressuring the muslim community in europe is a really good way to do this . 
  not again . 
  to listen to music ? 
  who the fuck uses discs these days ? 
  will nato help turkey fight a kurdish revolution as well ? 
  that 's a great idea . 
  that way we wont have to go through denmark . 
  that 's the one we use in sweden . 
  polack is the correct word i think . 
  freedom to join a terrorist organization is like freedom to kill . 
  never , i hope . 
  democracy , deal with it . 
  russia is the border . 
  thrace is part of europe , but not the rest of turkey . 
  in sweden too . 
  it already has with ireland . 
  not to mention the whole empire, 
  will they still be a part of the commonwealth ? 
  in sweden we say ni instead of du . 
  ( `` du '' is `` you in singular , and `` ni '' is in plural . 
  please help us . 
  why does n't she just go over to the uk and have an abortion there ? 
  i think that [ our official anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lin57nfjfw ) , which is a folksong , is better . 
  i 'm glad they did n't change it . 
  1523 was when we got our independence from the kalmar union and gustav vasa became king . 
  then came the imperial era . 
  the empire looked like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eww2ew5.png ) . 
  at 1721 the empire started to collapse . 
  much was lost , estonia , latvia ingria . 
  but some people consider 1721 the start of the golden ages , because after that we did n't have many wars . 
  it 's not . 
  just anti-religion , which i think is perfectly fine . 
  no , when i talk about muslims , i talk about all muslims that believe in alla and mohammed , not just arabs, 
  france - . - after all these years ? 
  til finland drinks more beer than sweden, 
  i never realised the internet is n't available in such a large part of eastern europe . 
  sd , the only party that cares about the people . 
  i got this reference . 
   if immigrants are religiously conservative - and that is the fear pressed at the same time - then they 'll vote conservative . 
  orban should be happy about that , should n't he . 
  do you seriously believe muslim conservatives will vote for christian conservatives ? 
  not gon na happen , they will vote for the ones that give them the most benefits ; the left . 
   germany calls itself deutschland even though the dutch what an american thing to say . 
  `` dutch '' and `` deutsch '' both come from the word `` teutonic '' which referred to all germanic tribes back in the roman era . 
  then they evolved separately and in english it became more common to use the word solely for the netherlands . ^ ^ [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?allowed_in_frame=0&amp;search=dutch )  grand-duchy of luxembourg can coexist with the belgian province of luxembourg this is totally different . 
  the people that live in grand duchy and the people that live in the belgian province are the same people , they have the same language , same history etc. 
  they are both luxembourgian . 
  the people that live in the republic of macedonia and the people that live in the province of macedonia are by no means the same people , one of them is greek , the other is slavic . 
  only one of those peoples are the actual descendants of macedon and alexander , and that 's the greeks , not the slavs . 
  the name is the cultural property of the greek people . 
   and we are pretty annoyed by the whole thing . 
  then maybe get a better name . 
  `` random slavic republic without any history to speak of '' perhaps ? 
  that 's unnecessary , sweden has no controversy around it 's name . 
  what about south serbia ? 
  great . 
  now we initiate phase ii : send them back . 
  i first read it as asylum seekers double to 1.2 meters . 
  spain/catalonia ? 
  not the vatican . 
  this is n't a definite end , it 's a pathetic attempt at managing a chaotic situation . 
  i do n't think that the influx will be reduced at all . 
  what parts will you be hiding from us and why ? 
  this is just a pr stunt . 
  my guess is that close to nothing will happen in practice . 
  likely even . 
  it does for us . 
  if we dont want refugees here we can just stop them at the border , we dont have to fix their countries . 
  they do n't . 
  nazi parties are n't allowed , meaning that germany among other countries is not a democracy . 
  nobody said anything about collective punishment for refugees , that is you assuming . 
  \\ #actforbavaria \\ #voteforbavaria, 
  because svt ( corrupt and left wing extremist swedish state television ) brought in a rigged jury to make russia lose , and to make a song that talks shit about russia win . 
  i feel like i 've heard the swiss song before . 
  does anyone know what song they copied ? 
  make italy a constitutional ~ ~ monarchy ~ ~ papacy with the pope as head of state . 
  then merge the country with the vatican and rename it to something more fitting , the papal states for example . 
  the mongols ?
