  they have changed their mind now , post referendum . 
  which i think is incredibly dishonest but , that is another argument . 
  free trade should be doable after a time , but entry to the single market would not be . 
  due to the confusion ( i used the wrong term myself ) it leads to arguments with people discussing totally different things . 
  well that is a third group is n't it . 
  i never said it was , however if people are shouting for something that is impossible/arrogant it 's perfectly fine to say no . 
  you know we have limits on free-speech in the uk . 
  many people agree with them . 
  personally i think saying things like ` you should go kill jews/black people ' , etc. ', 
  should be banned . 
  free speech is for protection against criticising the government , not free to say whatever you want when the words can cause infringement of other peoples rights . 
  that ... ca n't be true . 
  you are confusing two different groups . 
  brexit bunch who want free trade with none of the immigration , and remain bunch who have had to put up with a lot of anti-british sentiment on this sub since brexit . 
  you could try but remember we do n't teach that at school so we wo n't get it . 
  do n't mess with the classics . 
  as we all know no-one ever takes the piss out of british cuisine . 
  no they do n't . 
  they get to vote on who represents them , in a broken system which last election gave a party with 12 % of the votes , 1 seat . 
  that they did , shortly after the referendum where they had little choice . 
  the media labeled the judges who prevented out pm passing laws by herself ` traitors ' , do n't pretend the mp 's all voted this through thinking it 's the best thing for the people . 
  i suspect he was making a joke ... 
  welcome to politics . 
  well there should n't have been a referendum to start with but accepting that is over . 
  we have to make the best of what we have got . 
  a soft brexit would be the best option . 
  stay in the single market so our trade does n't take a hit . 
  enact the policies we should have done a while ago to limit immigration from eastern europe ( assuming we are allowed to , they may have been a one time thing when they first joined ) . 
  drastically limit immigration from overseas and make a big show of it . 
  realistically it was the syrian refugee crisis that panicked people , make a show that we are doing something about it . 
  by doing this the government also forces the snp to abandon the idea of another independence referendum . 
  celebrate this , make a point of it . 
  better together remember . 
  abandon austerity , increase public spending , greatly increase the production of council housing and open a system where you rent from the government and all rent goes toward an account allowing you to buy a house from it later on , work to try and reverse the increasing wealth gap and seriously work toward fixing the housing crisis . 
  that last point alone would create huge spending by the bulk of the population . 
  unfortunately it would be opposed by house owners who think they deserve their house to increase in value 10 times . 
  it can be through parliamentary democracy , but you do n't turn toward the cliff , and then start having a debate on if we should change drivers as you race toward it . 
  i 'm not saying i am informed either , but are you going to deny that there are vastly more experts in favour of remain ? 
  the whole point in being in power is to take advice from those that actually know about it . 
  it means expert opinion can be utilised rather than wasting their time shouting over the voices of the noisy morons who think advertising on a bus is the pinnacle of campaign . 
  obviously some people want brexit , that is why we have representatives . 
  i literally just said that . 
  when more of those representatives represent people who benefit from brexit that 's when we should leave . 
  the general election gave us roughly 75 % in favour is staying with the eu . 
  they all changed their mind after the referendum due to a mix of ` shit i might lose my job ' , and ` duty to the people ' . 
  if you are going to try and patronise me at least pay attention to what you are criticising . 
  ah yes , the general election . 
  held with fptp system so the tories got a majority of the seats with 36 % of the vote . 
  this time its done after the tories destroyed the reputation of the lib dems ( not that they did n't also do it to themselves ) , and labour are in chaos after trying and failing to appease people during brexit . 
  regardless having a referendum then an election afterward is grossly dishonest . 
  ever noticed how the same government seems to get voted in during times of chaos ? 
  remember bush ? 
  he literally cheated to get into power the first time but got in legitimately the second due to the war . 
  this is the same theory , create chaos , and people will vote for you out of fear that change of leadership will make it worse . 
  that does n't mean they want it , it means they think stability is the best option . 
  yes and loads of them voted to stop muslim immigration which is n't even controlled by the eu . 
  that did n't stop the brexit campaign claiming otherwise . 
  i 'm not saying that at all . 
  i 'm saying our system of government is based on voting in representatives whose job it is to educate themselves through advisors on the results of parliamentary changes . 
  expecting 40 million people to become educated enough on the eu and economy to make an informed decision is fucking mental . 
  which means it was done knowing full well that tens of millions of votes would be cast by people basically guessing . 
  we vote for representatives for a reason , it 's their job . 
  instead of doing it though they shifted the whole thing to people with no idea . 
  a popular vote would have been a great idea if the question where structured closer to : do you the idea of leaving the eu to be discussed seriously in parliament ? 
  no , some of it was touted and roundly ignored , or pooh poohed , being totally denied by the leave campaign . 
  having officials saying ` it 's not true ' is to a voter as truthful as the guy saying bad things will happen . 
  the leavers can not therefore turn around and say ` you where told ' when they themselves where denying it . 
  what new information ? 
  really ? 
  you do n't think anything the eu has said since the vote matters ? 
  how about ` no free trade deals can be made whilst negotiating with the eu ' . 
  how about ' # 100bn divorce bill ' . 
  how about the changes in leadership since then , or the change in attitude in the eu . 
  we do have more tornadoes per square kilometre than anywhere else though . 
  luckily they are tiny . 
  yes . 
  the majority are not economists , have no idea what they were voting on , and were manipulated into voting based in flat out lies . 
  ignoring that and pretending it 's fine ; of that majority they absolutely did not all vote leave based on a hard-brexit . 
  the odds of that where slim at the time , with much discussion about the ` norweigen model ' , and the ` swiss model ' . 
  a hard brexit totally ignores every remainer , and every leaver who wanted to stay in the market , which is well over 50 % . 
  teresa may 's brexit plan is ignoring what the majority wanted . 
  you absolutely should . 
  when new information becomes available you revise the decision , you do n't just keep ploughing along because of the original result . 
  that is mental . 
  ` lets go down the left fork of the river !, 
  oh look a waterfall , never mind we made our decision to go this way we have to accept it . ', 
  personally i do n't think people should get to vote on things they do n't understand . 
  it always boils down into either a popularity contest or who can shout the loudest contest . 
  neither of which are democracy in action . 
  i also do n't think it 's undemocratic to revise a decision based on new findings . 
  nope i mean what i said . 
  most of the british empire was dissolved peacefully . 
  dresden was part of the civilian bombings , an attempt to reduce morale to force surrender . 
  not a method employed by the allies until after the germans used it . 
  it 's not about revenge , it 's about it working . 
  britain clearly can not pretend to be innocent on the imperialistic front , however i was not talking about that i was talking about wwii . 
  the causes of which and result of which where conquest for one side , but not the other . 
  you might recall the empires disbanded shortly after the war . 
  britain in particular was mostly diplomatic and peaceful . 
  bombing was done as a response to the german blitz in rotterdam and coventry , taking the high ground sadly not really a possibility when defeat means surrendering to the nazi 's .
