  maybe it 's all one massive conspiracy to unite the eu properly . 
  i have been to greece a few times since the crisis , it 's not dangerous or anything why would you not visit ? 
  could do , i think you would be surprised what a common enemy can do to unifiy people though . 
  if war with russia actually occurred ( assuming no nuclear weapons ) , it would probably catalyse the formation of the federation . 
  ah , it will be fine . 
  we will just nuke moscow day 1 and then a week later nuclear winter sets in . 
  being legally elected does n't mean you can do whatever you want /, 
  i do n't think you understand the ramifications of nuclear war . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  europe has been the centre of global warfare for centuries and is currently the largest economy on earth . 
  if you are counting russia as a ` big dog ' , the eu is obviously there too . 
  i am sure no-one in the uk will complain if you want to pay our portion . 
  those 3 votes where anti uk not pro argentina . 
  we are not in the euro though and debt is irrelevant as long as it can be paid back eventually . 
  it 's not about being number one , the point is the uk is important to the eu and it would seriously hurt if contributions stopped . 
  the uk is part of the eu , a major part . 
  the uk would obviously be screwed if all ties where severed but we are not talking about that . 
  the eu only works at the moment due to a few nations propping up the others ( i have no problem with this for the record ) . 
  if you pull out one of the pillars , yes the pillar is screwed but the building also falls down . 
  the eu can not afford to cut ties with the uk . 
  if the uk stops putting in the other nations have to make up the deficit which would drastically hamper recovery , which is something we really do n't want considering the state of spain/greece , etc. 
  you know other than whisky i can not think of any british spirits . 
  i am sure there are some but apparently i am not very knowledgeable on the subject . 
  just to blow things completely out of proportion and invoke godwins , not doing anything and letting the big guy take small bits of land at a time has not proved historically to be a great method of keeping the peace ... 
  i work in an international research centre and have travelled quite a lot . 
  europeans in general are very similar , in many ways more similar than we are to the us but we are very close to them . 
  sure we have different languages , some of us nap during the day , some of us burn in the sun a little easier and some of us think eating snails is normal . 
  however for the most part europeans are all fairly liberal , pro peace , fairly secular , pro science , etc. 
  it 's the core similarities that matter not the differences on the surface . 
  the uk is one of the biggest net contributers to the eu and has the fastest recovering economy . 
  the eu needs the uk ( and we need it ) however the advantage seems to be slightly in the uk favour at the moment so politicians are gunning for treaties weighted in the uk favour . 
  unlike switzerland we actually have the clout to be able to do it . 
  it 's like a game of chicken really , first to backdown loses . 
  it 's nice to see ` pro-eu ' protests , especially from inside a country where many seem to view it as the devil reincarnate . 
  a democracy that can not call for elections whenever they want runs the risk of the current party tanking the country just so when they lose the election they can blame the mess on the new party and win the one after . 
  more importantly politicians lie , a lot . 
  if you can call for a new election after the party in power backtracks then then you reduce the chance they will do so . 
  union jack next !, 
  seems sensible to me , then increase the number of checks and it should aid in traffiking too , by making it easier to catch them . 
  i mean i am not sure how confident people will be in said register being relatively discrete . 
  i am sure there are plenty of girls who do n't mind what they do , but others will prefer to keep it on the hush . 
  having your name on a list like that may be a little worrying . 
  it 's not confirmed indeed , which is why it says ` suggest ' . 
  it does indeed suggest a massacre though . 
  just because the original author did n't use a specific word , does not make it applicable . 
  you are completely right about not getting angry about things that may not even exist though . 
  best to confirm first . 
  fairly sure surrounding and opening fire on protesters counts as a massacre , ergo not sensationalised . 
  not to mention it states ` suggests ' rather than confirmed . 
  that said without a proper source it could easily be complete bull . 
  it 's not the same thing at all , teacher/student laws are not legally binding , they are enforced by schools . 
  they are also in place to prevent cheating and power abuse . 
  not sure about your idea about a license . 
  it would help maintain control , and makes it much easier to find people who are being trafficked ( in theory ) . 
  however i am not sure how keen people will be to have their names on a register like that . 
  you can not fine and arrest people on potentials though . 
  why is it perfectly fine ? 
  it makes no sense at all , to punish only one of the party , it takes two to tango . 
  brothels are still illegal in the uk , although prostitution in general is legal . 
  the result is lots of independent girls , and many agencies which i assume rent hotel rooms , or even have their own hotels . 
  utterly retarded , all this will do is push it further underground which makes it worse for everyone involved . 
  do you need 1.4 k statues though ? 
  it 's not like they are hand crafted and loved by the population . 
  they are mass produced tack to symbolise domination . 
  to the end part or the first part ? 
  there is a massive online database of escorts called adultwork , which is primarily for the uk but covers most of the world . 
  in the uk brothels are illegal , there are still many agencies however that work as middle men to put buyer and seller in contact . 
  it 's also common for girls to work together or have other people in their house for safety . 
  when this becomes a brothel i do n't know . 
  selling sex does not make you a victim , unless of course you are forced into it . 
  average prices in the uk are # 100 - # 150 per hour , and that can easily double , treble or even more for high demand names . 
  people ( not everyone of course ) get into it for the high income , the flexible hours , and the pleasure . 
  an independent escort gets to choose their client , choose what they do with said client , choose where they do it , for how long and for how much . 
  the head bleeds a lot , so even a smallish cut looks appauling . 
  there is risk of concussion though which can be serious . 
  damn , those youtube comments ... 
  perhaps , but seeing as there are barely enough users to keep this one going a full on euro reddit seems out of reach to me . 
  the language barrier is too much of a problem at the moment , perhaps down the line when english is more prevalent , or when translation software is improved . 
  there is more to the country than just the economy . 
  the tories have pissed off all the students and their parents by hiking uni tuition fees to # 9k a year ( from 3 ) , they are annoying people with these filters , and fracking has angered many , not to mention they siezed power in the first place without being voted in . 
  there are other things , but i do n't have a comprehensive list at hand . 
  you reckon ? 
  speaking another language and eating different food does n't make you much different . 
  all of western/northern europe is very similar due to our entwined history and shared events . 
  wwii in particular has brought about a long period of more left wing thinking that is shared across the continent . 
  notice how the uk is a little different ( though still very similar ) , because it sat slightly outside ? 
  we are all pro socialism ( not 100 % ) , as in free healthcare , education for all , etc. 
  your differences are fairly superficial , but similarities are down to the core . 
  fairly sure we are on one . 
  it 's not co-operation if it 's one way . 
  my point is there will be an argument over it , which there clearly is right now . 
  i do n't think a scot has ever set foot on rockall . 
  not sure about the amendment sorry , i think it 's something thats in the works though . 
  differs depending on who you talk to , but generally they are liked in the uk . 
  canadaians and australians/nzers in particular + the small all anglo groups ( gibralter , falklands , etc ) , to me they are litteraly just more brits with slight quirks . 
  ausies like bbq 's and go slightly mental in the sun and canadians ocasionally use ` usesque ' words and like hockey , other than that no difference . 
  countries like zim/rsa are a little different , having friends and family in both i know they are very very similar to every other brit . 
  however they are a little bit more ' i want to shoot things ' and much more racist ( for various reasons ) . 
  the usa is special , despite the fact that british/english americans are likely the biggest group , very few consider themselves british decendants . 
  they have a different outlook on life , cultural differences much greater than the rest of the anglosphere and are generally different from everyone else .
