  everyone always forgets the spanish and dutch . 
  maybe it is , but they are all exactly the same !, 
  what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  the empire benefitted hong kong and malaysia at least . 
  in all fairness that was the worst most feeble attempt to pass anything i have seen in a while . 
  i read the news more than most people i know and did n't even realise the vote took place . 
  it was barely advertised and when it was there was little to no information on what it was . 
  24/7 pubs/bars where legalised a few years ago . 
  they are still a little uncommon as people like to sleep but they are around . 
  i read part of it , but got bored when hitler started calling the jews smelly . 
  canada is european though ( except geographically ) . 
  morocco is n't really . 
  native canadians are american , most of the others are european . 
  the eu already has territory in africa and south america . 
  i do n't think arbritrary boundries should prevetn expansion . 
  if a country meets all criteria and has a suitable culture then why not ? 
  well canada is european and bits are closer to europe than greenland ( which was in the eu ) . 
  wether or not canada would benefit was n't nessecarily the point . 
  i just want to be able to move there freely ... 
  this is very true , i would actually like to see canada consider joining one day despite not being in europe . 
  i do n't think we should be limited to geography simply because of the name . 
  i 'm not actually against a federation at some point , but i think many people would prefer to sustain their cultures as long as possible ( homogenisation to a degree is inevitable ) , europe is broken into so many little nations and peoples , as is the globe . 
  i think it would be better for everyone ( not just europe ) to adopt english as a second language , that way in the future the eu can expand more freely . 
  i would like to see it include places like canada/australia ( again i appreciate this is very anglo-centric and i apologise ) , and other nations with similar views as the eu joining the federation . 
  continents are of course handy boarders but i guess my ` end goal ' is slightly more ambitious . 
  i think forming europe into just one big nation will make us slightly more isolated and limit the eu 's potential . 
  i mean europe itself was incredibly resource rich , but the large population and heavy industry has used up a huge amount of it . 
  america is pretty empty as pre colonisation the natives did n't dig everything up . 
  was n't esparanto an attempt at a eu language ? 
  it failed miserably , i do n't see why another attempt would be more successful . 
  europe is already unique and independent i really do n't see why adding yet another language to the myriad of others does much to help . 
  i also think learning another language is a significant culture changer whereas eu bureaucracy does little for my day to day interactions , other than helping me get phone chargers and fruit homogenised . 
  i had no idea subreddit analysis was a thing !, 
  it 's not about banishing , but having english as the lingua franca in europe brings opens a huge amount of doors , not to mention it is already a european language . 
  we just do n't need regional languages , a eu language and a global language . 
  it 's just an extra level of complexity , language gets simpler not more complicated . 
  trying to instigate a new european language ( just to get away from another european language ) would be met with severe apathy . 
  it would literally be trying to force a new culture on someone . 
  i think teaching other subjects should take precedent over more than 2 languages . 
  although i am a tad bias . 
  european empires tend not to end well for vast amounts of people . 
  as the natives in africa , america and australasia know all to well . 
  it is bold , but europe includes russia . 
  while russia could one day be part of the eu i reckon it 's more likely such a merger would result in a name change . 
  2 unifying languages + everyones regional one ? 
  seems like a lot of work for no real gain . 
  using anything other than english would be idiotic . 
  it 's the language spoken by the us , canada , australia , india , half of africa , etc. 
  it 's getting more and more common in china , japan and everywhere else . 
  it 's the international language of business and aviation , . 
  adopting a new language no-one knows does nothing but hinder trade with other nations , the globe needs english as it 's second language while everyone keeps their native tongue as well . 
  plus he went the wrong way . 
  the best way to get britain on board is to get the french to say we should leave . 
  we had them , but we used those resources to conquer half the globe , and beat the shit out of one another . 
  plus australia is culturally european . 
  mandatory voting is an excellent idea and i fully support it ( though only if there is an abstain option ) . 
  well they have a combined population of 12 so it 's only fair . 
  not that many republicans though either . 
  personally i think the queen should live in different commonwealth countries for a year or a rota . 
  wander around waving at people and the like . 
  i would love to the number of people subscribed to / r/europe , / r/paradoxplaza and / r/polandball . 
  must be a huge overlap . 
  fuck you non eu country , we are the real europe !, 
  i can only find the bbc copy , there do n't appear to be any on youtube yet . 
  this is a rap about wwi , it 's quite funny and surprisingly well done , well worth watching . 
  i would like to see some big social reforms designed to boost the size of the middle class , wage of the working class as well as address housing and quantity of jobs . 
  getting people to all agree on something is a nightmare though . 
  i live with 4 other people and rent still burns through about 20 % of my pay . 
  we helped in rsa by calling nelson mandela a terrorist !, 
  our former colonies are the us ( ish ) , canada and australia . 
  2 are dark green , the other is a superpower . 
  i think our former colonies are doing just fine . 
  which is very dangerous to the girls as it pushes the entire thing underground . 
  clients do n't want to be caught so the girls need to be more shady . 
  why is it immoral ? 
  the uk is actually one of the cheapest per person , japan is one of the few countries that pays less . 
  how can it exploit the seller when she can just say no ? 
  what is wrong with buying sex ? 
  paying for sex is legal , it 's all the other shady things like brothels and pimps that are illegal . 
  many girls do it voluntarily , you are looking at # 100-150 per hour ( sometimes more ) if you work independantly . 
  shocking people actually like sex . 
  big money + something you enjoy , how is it surprising there are many girls who do it because they want to ? 
  can anyone give me any examples of peaceful marching actually working ? 
  there must be plenty but i can not think of any . 
  go to any supermarket and you can get thousands of spices . 
  go to any indian/pakistani shop and you can get huge sacks of anything . 
  pretty much , although last election the conservatives did n't get a majority . 
  no party did ( which is called a hung parliament ) , they then grouped up with the lib dems and took power that way . 
  we did n't elect cameron either , it was a hung parliament . 
  different people like different styles of writing . 
  for example i love to read , but i thought lord of the rings was boring and badly written . 
  i am sure someone who likes that style however could tell me in detail why it 's genius . 
  if mass appeal does n't count as a method of measure , why does quantity of books count ? 
  i have read hundreds but still do n't like some of the greats . 
  reading a lot of books you already consider to be great is rather a self fulfilling cycle . 
  it it 's not in that style it can not be considered great . 
  a lot of people like to say rowling is crude ( after all it is a childs book ) however great complexity of writing can easily take away from the quality as it makes reading a chore not a pleasure . 
  not all characters have to have immense depth ( and those who have depth still get criticised for being predictable or not deep enough ) . 
  for me the originality of the story , the interwoven characters ( though i wish books 1-3 would be re-written with all the original content ) , the sheer grip the book holds on the reader and the amounts of research that went into the story are what make it a great book . 
  for example the different terms for spells are based on different languages depending on their use .
