  conquering someone from a worse conqueror is n't liberation it 's conquest . 
  this should n't need explaining so much . 
  if i take a slave from someone who beats them every day , then make them my own slave and beat them only every other day , i can not turn around and tell them to be happy about it , and that i was their liberator . 
  my history teacher was actually from warsaw so her opinions on it where quite strong , lets just say she is n't a fan of russia . 
  yup . 
  did n't 60million people die during the reign of stalin , including an attempted genocide during the holodomor . 
  so ... no i would n't say russia was good at all , if we are talking relatively then compare them to the other nations involved in wwii not just the absolute worst . 
  i was talking specifically during wwii , britain/france did n't take over large chunks of europe and keep it . 
  clearly before that both countries had been stealing huge chunks of land and could hardly be called good guys . 
  very true but that does n't mean they liberated anyone . 
  yes it is , but liberation by definition is to liberate , to set free , not defeat their conquerors and conquer yourself . 
  i suggest you look up the definition of liberation as you are quite right , you do n't know what it is . 
  unfortunately that linked has been blocked at my work for containing ` militancy/hate and extremism ' , i 'll try to have a look at it later though , thanks . 
  sure at the time people thought that but it 's not the early 1940 's anymore , and i never said the entire army looted and raped , nor did i say the russian did n't greatly help the war effort , those are things you just made up . 
  the war would absolutely have been lost without russia , not that that was ever an option unlike wwi . 
  what i did say is they did n't fight to liberate , which they did n't . 
  after the war proved that , they took the land for themselves as a prize for the loss of life . 
  the incidents of rape and looting where far higher than the other allied nations , and there was state organised looting of the conquered territory . 
  i 'm sure the majority of the individual soldiers fought simply for peace they like many others just wanted to be home . 
  however history is rarely looked at that way , it 's the norm afterall , instead to focus on the reasons for the way , the actions of the soldiers and the aftermath . 
  none of which come out rosy for the ussr . 
  that is a good point about vichy france i completely overlooked it . 
  dresden and the bombings of japan as far as i know are very debated subjects , with dresden civilian bombings where instigated by the nazi regime and it has been claimed dresden where a necessary evil to end the war , again up for debate , hence blurred . 
  same with hiroshima and nagasaki , an invasion would have been horrendous . 
  though i have heard a fair few arguments that japan was considering surrender anyway , and they where merely dropped to see what would happen , if that is true then they where absolutely war crimes . 
  it was n't so much an attempt to rank countries , but the soviets being on the allied and victors side are often praised for their actions . 
  their shed blood should n't be forgotten , but neither should their reasons for being in the war and the horrors they instilled on people they conquered . 
  by the same token i would argue against someone calling all the russian dead evil , or saying they deserved it . 
  as you say there is always more to the story and all sides should be considered . 
  yay not dead , lets celebrate the guys who practically enslaved us ... 
  i think wwii is unusual in that it is one of the very few wars with fairly clear good/bad guy lines drawn in the sand . 
  obviously the run up to the war ( such as wwi for example ) was entirely not split that way and historically speaking none of the countries involved where innocent at all , and toward the end of the war out of desperation the lines blurred with things like dresden and hiroshima . 
  however , there are blindly clear lines between the two sides . 
  the commonwealth , france , benelux , us , etc. 
  did n't initiate , did n't exterminate and i think could be fairly clearly defined as good guys . 
  whereas the ussr , nazi germany and japan all commited extreme war crimes throughout the war , and begun the whole thing based on expansion , vengeance and seeing the other side as sub-human . 
  germany initiated the blitz and bombing civilians , with rotterdam , coventry and the spanish civil war , the also committed genocide and had plans to entirely erase moscow . 
  the ussr invaded finland and poland for territory ( clearly they are not the only nation to have done this but if we are isolating wwii then the allies did not ) , they purged people , looted , raped ( of course this happened on both sides but it was a far lesser extent ) and annexed nations . 
  to themselves the ussr was even worse . 
  japan was horrendous with unspeakable acts committed en masse by the japanese army against the koreans and chinese ( and everyone else ) . 
  clearly no side was entirely evil or entirely perfect ( japanese internment camps for example , firebombing , etc. ), 
  there are however stark differences . 
  see : germany, 
  not really , the russians are welcome to celebrate , for places like poland though it was n't much of a victory . 
  they where a bit though , better to be in soviet poland than nazi poland ... then again holodomor vs holocaust . 
  to be fair it was n't his fault galipoli went wrong . 
  his orders where ignored and as a result it went tits up . 
  world record of conflict between two nations is denmark and sweden , followed by england ( later britain ) and france . 
  i guess with the balkans it 's so fractured it 's hard to track . 
  if it was inevitable why was stalin so surprised by operation barbarossa ? 
  where were the huge defences along the western boarder of russia ? 
  why was the response so slow ? 
  my history teacher was polish so it 's possible there is some bias there , however we were taught stalin did n't believe it at first when the news came through of the nazi invasion . 
  that does n't sound like a man expecting to be at war so soon . 
  from what i have read he expected it eventually though . 
   to liberate europe that is bull . 
  they did n't liberate anyone , they conquered them . 
  the ussr greatly expanded due to wwii and the presence if the warsaw pact states was not the act of a liberator . 
  the us and commonwealth liberated ( mostly ) . 
  the individual soldiers like the nazi 's are far less to be blamed of course , but it was them who looted their way through all the territory taken . 
  stalin did n't follow behind with a big lorry taking things whilst they stood by tutting . 
  of course it was n't , none of those countries invaded and annexed somewhere though ( apart from ironically poland who annexed part of czechoslovakia ) . 
  france and britain made a pact to start war with germany is a red line was crossed , that line being poland . 
  russia on the other hand just teamed up with them and annexed half a country . 
  wait so it 's our fault for not allying with the ussr , therefore it was okay to annex poland ? 
  stalin also trusted hitler to some extent hence the shock of when the ussr was invaded . 
  there was a substantial delay between invasion and response because it was n't expected . 
  the ` glorious democratic countries ' where also still reeling from wwi and desperate not to repeat it , hence why little was done until poland . 
  you will notice the appeasement of britain and france was just that , not ` lets annex a country alongside hitler ' . 
  well exactly the whole thing was a shitshow , i 've never heard anyone who considered finland to be the ` bad guys ' despite being allied with nazi germany . 
  err yes they did , they literally made a plan to split the country in two , then both invaded and took ` their halves ' . 
  the germans went first and the ussr followed shortly after . 
  i 'm not sure how the appeasement is supposed to be the same as invading poland ... 
  i 'm not saying the pact did n't have a reason behind it , but appeasement from britain and france took the form of ` please stop doing that , okay maybe just that bit of czechoslovakia ' . 
  not good , but a far cry from ` fuck it lets annex half of poland ' . 
  i must have been thinking of the soviet-japanese war of 1939 , which was japanese aggression . 
  whoops , 3 months after wwii !, 
  i thought it was just before , i 'll edit that . 
  well the soviets where not the good guys during any part of the war . 
  they actually started wwii along with germany by jointly invading poland under the molotov-ribbentrop pact before invading finland 3 months later . 
  hell they watched as warsaw got razed . 
  not really , the conservatives where predominantly pro-eu until ukip threatened to take votes from them , after that they changed their mind . 
  the entire referendum was done assuming it would take ukip votes and not pass , the clear lack of conservative campaign for remain made that abundantly clear . 
  ukip where the loud mouths for leave , along of course with boris . 
  ukip absolutely was at the centre of brexit . 
  i do n't know , the tories seem to be doing well . 
  guess they are not outright saying it though . 
  the death penalty is surprisingly popular in a lot of countries , fortunately not popular enough to come back though . 
  in the us afaik , they can not turn down people who are critically ill , or injured . 
  if the person can not pay it ends up coming out of the governments pocket . 
  this was based on a report that tested residue found in sewage . 
  it 's possible some places consume more but it does n't get into the sewage . 
  the uk consumes more cocaine per head than anywhere else , why would it be shit ? 
  ( i think glasgow in particular holds the record ), 
  i should hope not , that would be the worst rate of unemployment in the world . 
  i 'm not talking about the region of the world called the united states , i 'm talking about regions of the united states . 
  different cities and districts will be far worse off than others . 
  not true unless the free market has strict laws governing it . 
  otherwise businesses merge , cut costs through scale , monopolise and forcibly lower wages . 
  it will be regional .
