  how about we create a massive tidal farm on the straight of gibralter ? 
  must be one hell of a current down there . 
  just 5 is incredibly hard due to things taking a long time to spread . 
  for example the roman empire spread the latin roots of many languages as well as christianity to a large chunk of europe . 
  the industrial revolution was kick started by a few inventors coming out with steam engines , spinning jennys and new techniques for smelting iron . 
  the age of colonisation was kick started with the discovery of the americas as well as the technology to determine longitudinal position . 
  as people have said i would put hitler on this list , although it could be argued he was an inevitable figure after the anihhilation of germany from wwi , in which case ` credit ' for wwii should go to those leaders who pushed for such harsh punishment at the end of wwi . 
  well exactly , but if you boradcast in many different languages people wo n't understand most of what is on tv . 
  subtitles are the way forward !, 
  led by britons of course . 
  i think it will do a lot better once we have successfully built up the east . 
  the eu expanded quickly and has a lot of work to do to bring the entire ` country ' up to the same level as west/northern europe . 
  1 % is a huge number for a first world nation . 
  staggeringly so . 
  plus that 's only chronic malnutrition , what about less severe malnutrition ? 
  russia is actually the perfect catalyst to boost european nationalism rather than nationalism amoungst individual nations . 
  i think a good way to boost eu popularity would be some major projects . 
  i know it 's a waste of money but landing on the moon would be a good one , or something new . 
  try and beat the us to mars . 
  pump money into the esa !, 
  there was a good idea posted a while back : an eu version of the bbc , high quality tv , no adverts , programmes from multiple countries . 
  language would be the difficult one , do you broadcast in english to try and encourage a lingua franca ? 
  or broadcast in many languages to foster less resentment and encourage people to watch it . 
  well that is an ever so slightly bias selection of statistics !, 
  i love my brick !, 
  it 's disgusting , i paid 3k a year and will have that debt for decades . 
  my brother has to pay 9k a year , so he has n't gone yet . 
  luckily for the people who upped the price they did n't have to pay at all . 
  that or more likely india/china start pushing out us influence and replacing it with their own . 
  yeah . . 
  i just did n't want to sound like i was blaming france for wwii . 
  early 1900 was wwi and the decline of european empires along with the loss of a lot of trade which moved toward the us boosting their economy . 
  of course the us had a huge military they where in a war . 
  this is n't about what the average us citizen thinks of the us it 's about what the major companies think . 
  having lots of strong european nations to buy their goods is great , having a strong europe churning out competition , not so good . 
  europe can produce more competition as a unified group than as individuals . 
  china certainly has potential ( as does brazil and india ) , with both of those up and coming that is again more competition for influence but also more trade opportunities . 
  the us will lose influence steadily from now on but with any luck it will be a benefit to everyone . 
  the us gained power entirely through europe failing . 
  if it rebuilds , us influence and power drops . 
  that is n't necessarily a bad thing , especially for the average person , but for those in power i do n't see them being too happy about losing it . 
  did n't the us try and limit the reparations forced on germany ? 
  wwii was the product of an over zealous france and uk . 
  of course , the uk has a great economy on paper and it 's great for the country . 
  does n't mean it 's great for all the people . 
  that 's not to say it 's bad here , but it could and should be a lot better . 
  well there would be a lot more demand for labour if people had any money to spend . 
  wages being low + massive wealth divide means much less spending . 
  well for a while they where the irritating immigrants ` stealing the jobs ! ' . 
  now that crown has passed on to the romanians and shortly i am sure it will move on again to the bulgarians . 
  poles are generally well liked , considered hard working and everyone likes the polish deli 's . 
  `` it could have been in the flamingos or the camels but no , it had to be in the lion enclosure . '', 
  brilliant . 
  well that is disgusting . 
  it is treated like that is n't it ? 
  if a spuse cheats you have grounds for divorce without all the ` take half my stuff ! ', 
  issues . 
  that 's in ireland ? 
  no wonder we have been invading for centuries . 
  he said is eastern europe , not in eastern europe . 
  most of eastern europe is not being rummaged around in by the bear . 
  this means mass advancement in space travel , although it also means potential nuclear annihilation ... 
  i am sure you will agree going from aus to the uk there was next to no cultural difference at all . 
  i spent a year out there recently and it was frankly just like being at home , just with sun . 
  canada is the same , if the uk culturally counts as european so does canada and australia . 
  bits of certainly . 
  there is no fixed definition of europe the continent , let alone european the culture . 
  technically in 88 i think , or 84 . 
  although practically a long time before . 
  that map ignores georgia/armenia and azjerbajain which are considered european . 
  we do n't use tectonic plates to define continents though . 
  how could you possibly argue canada is n't culturally european ? 
  it 's made up almost entirely of europeans and was litterally part of a european nation until half a century ago . 
  cultures are made of up of the people not geography . 
  canadaians are almost entirely european in ethnicity/culture . 
  take france for example 20 % of the population is non-european in origin ( although that does not nessecarily mean non-european in culture ) . 
  norway and uk 12 % , canada is 23 % ( okay looks like it 's less than the uk ) . 
  however seeing as we are claiming european is a culture now , which it blatently is n't , compare to the us . 
  the uk is more closely alligned culturally with the us than canada is . 
  the uk is more right wing , more pro millitary , more nationalistic , more divided class wise , etc. 
  canada on the other hand fits closer to the northern/western euopean cultural . 
  geography has nothing to do with it and in the long run i do n't think it should matter to the eu . 
  if i move to south africa i do n't stop being european . 
  bollocks !, 
  the scotii where from ulster originally , it 's scotland that was seeded with the irish . 
  well exactly it would be an entirely new entity if the us where to join , the population alone would increase by a huge amount . 
  i think the coming century will be very interesting in terms of global politics , if climate chance has the effects some predict , combined with various new economies like india/brazil/eu , the political landscape is going to be vastly different . 
  depends what you consider european culture i guess . 
  i would like to see the same thing . 
  convincing the us to join would be incredibly difficult though . 
  just look at the issues in the uk and ramp that up 10 times !, 
  it would get really confusing if australia joined later on . 
  the uk is culturally british , canada is culturally british and french , ergo , more european . 
  canada is more culturally european than the uk is ... 
  nato is n't about seeking war it 's a defence contract . 
  there is absolutly no precedent to show nato wo n't come to the aid of one of its members . 
  even without the us nato 's budget is higher than russias . 
  how is that dead ? 
  wait , wait , wait . 
  you have coke and pepsi ?
