  there will be decades of fighting over who owns what , and who gets what . 
  all the while the oil will either stop or keep going to it 's current destination . 
  we have 4 days off , we drop some bank holidays on the friday and monday . 
  last was only a few weeks ago ( and we get a three day weekend this week , woohoo ! ) . 
  people often go on small trips abroad or to somewhere in the country . 
  they where there to stop bse . 
  it stopped . 
  except those regulations have changed to stop it happening again , whereas the lack of vaccinations for chickens has not , people are still dying . 
  the us kills 50x as many people with salmonella as the uk does due to shitty regulation lobbied by the egg companies . 
  beef has faeces in it due to lazy beef companies cutting corners and your fanta has 0 % fruit juice because it 's cheaper . 
  there are so many problems with the food sector of the us it 's not even funny . 
  the worst part is it 's the people that suffer for the sake of profits and it 's highly likely most of the problems have not been found . 
  with each corruption we find the better the system becomes , if you have n't found any it 's either because your regulations are perfect ( ha ! ), 
  or shitty enough not to find anything . 
  the third link actually proves my point , the regulations worked found a fault and have corrected it . 
  i had no idea all of the rest of the world ( apart from australasia , russia and antarctica ) had a free trade agreement and common economic zone . 
  i think canada would be more likely to join the eu market than a us one . 
  us trade laws are very dodgy and highly corrupt . 
  there are mods , the extended timeline mod for example gives you all the modern boarders . 
  the combat gets a bit boring in the late date mod though . 
  just play euiv and you can !, 
  people vote without actually knowing anything about the subject , the newspapers are not helping so as someone below said i am worried people will make an uninformed decision that will damage my country . 
  i have not met a single person at work who knows about the eu other than the banana thing ( and i work in a lab where you would expect people to be fairly on top of things ) . 
  people wo n't make an informed decision without being informed . 
  that is because people like the taste not due to reduced cost . 
  i drink soft drinks from brazil , eat crisps from south africa and there is probably something i eat from the us . 
  i do n't think first/third world is defined by millitary size . 
  well personally i do n't want a referendum so i guess i wo n't be voting for cameron , what a shame . 
  the uk is very similar in that regard . 
  do n't you dare talk to us on the bus/tube . 
  there are waaay more l 's in welsh . 
  lower wages mean people spend less , so create less jobs . 
  think about it , you earn 30k a year , you can afford to hire someone to upgrade the plumming , build an extension . 
  hire a gardener or a nanny , a cleaner or even a cook . 
  you earn 10k a year and you can just about afford rent and food . 
  nothing else to spend on buying goods ( which employs manufacturers , designers , shop floor assistants and even builders to create more shops ) . 
  we need higher wages or the cycle will just continue . 
  seeing as books are almost always better than the tv equivalent i am going to wait until it 's all over and then read them . 
  that way i will highly enjoy both , rather than love one and be a little disappointed that x point and y point where missing from the tv show . 
  john t. wet island ? 
  what !, 
  go and buy ( download ) the series immediately and watch them over the weekend . 
  what could possibly go wrong !, 
  cameron is a bell-end . 
  with any luck after this appalling coalition we will see the back of him next election . 
  no idea who else to vote for though , fed up voting for the lesser of two evils . 
   is it ` nordic ' ? 
  i 'm not saying it is n't nice , in fact scotland is great i have loved it each time i go there , but the whole point in the nordic countries is they all share a culture and history . 
  scotland does not share the same culture and other than a small incursion over 1000 years ago scotland does not share history either . 
  yeah , nothing screams nordic more than glasgow ... 
  perhaps it 's just the few swedes i have met personally . 
  we do have less sunlight than them so it would make more sense to be paler . 
  what if you film it , with intention to sell but forget ? 
  but ... that 's almost exactly the same as a uk one just with the pins at 45 degrees instead of 90 . 
  how does that hurt less when stepped on ? 
  common beers in the uk : + heineken + kronenbourg + stella + carling + carlsberg + becks beck is easily the best !, 
  although indian larger is superb too . 
  oh , that 's what that was sailing over my head . 
  it 's illegal to have sex ( for money ) in the us as well . 
  you should see the scandinavians if you think we are pale !, 
  the aus one is shite . 
  i worked there for a year and accidentally pulled the plug out of the wall on a few occasions . 
  only ever managed that once in the uk my entire life . 
  you need the cable to go downward else it 's too easy to pull out . 
  never heard anyone say it 's a bad thing . 
  on the contrary people seem to be a little proud of it , whilst at the same time being glad it 's history due to the many nasty aspects . 
  jokes about it being good as very common , though not to be taken seriously . 
  i hate the third type , always slightly worried they will ruin my evening . 
  first type is great though , always good to make you laugh . 
  after a booze cruise down the zambezi river which ended in us singing on a bus i can see how it would be annoying . 
  that said there where some spaniards there who joined in , as well as some frenchies . 
  the older german couple at the front of the bus ... well they where not so enthusiastic . 
  we have becks !, 
  one of the best mass produced largers available . 
  ( irish sea ), 
  i just do n't get the lapdog thing . 
  one war we joined and it 's not like britain has a history of being peaceful . 
  it only took a couple of civil wars to switch to protestantism !, 
  then a few more to get a constitutional monarchy . 
  couple more and we will all be pro eu !, 
  it 's not used in monty python though , ergo , wrong . 
  no they are n't raised on english ? 
  the only finnish friend i have tends to scowl , drink and not say much , so sadly i have not heard it spoken a lot . 
  south east , fairly middle class . 
  in all fairness even americans ca n't say squirrel and they are raised on english . 
  weird people keep asking if i am australian . 
  mostly foreigners . 
  one german girl was telling me at great lengths how she does n't like brits very much . 
  then says ` you are australian right ? ' . 
  the answer was of course yes , but i have no idea why she thought i was aussie in the first place . 
  never heard a jersey accent before , other than cows what are they known for ? 
  what about jk rowling and jrr tolkien ? 
  i like greek just because it sounds like everyone is livid and trying to shout the other into submission . 
  i would expect exactly that . 
  english as a unified language but in field each division would need to be a specific language to minimise mistakes . 
  english . 
  it 's already the global language of aviation and used throughout the eu for all sorts of things because it has the most speakers . 
  too late !, 
  no backsies . 
  those are all nice and obvious now you point them out , but nothing along those lines at all crossed my mind .
