  russophobic does n't mean hating all russians . 
  so what is new zealand ? 
  i do n't like ours , i am pro-monarchy but i want the national anthem to be more upbeat . 
  rule britannia is clearly superior as are various other anthems . 
  i can try !, 
  yes , not liking homophobic , expansionists who have shot down civilians , started a civil war and refuse to join everyone else in the 21st century is the true definition of a bigot . 
  they ca n't all be the continent . 
  australia is just the island , australasia is just new zealand , australia and bits of polynesia and oceania is all of it plus some more islands including hawaii . 
  pick one as a continent . 
  having a tectonic plate has absolutely no relation to being a continent . 
  neither does ` being big ' . 
  personally i consider australasia to be the continent , but every list everywhere states greenland as the biggest island and australia as the continent . 
  it 's all rather a mess . 
  time + tragedy = comedy, 
  making fun of the british !, 
  what the hell have we ever done to you !, 
  in all fairness there is pretty good reason to be russophobic . 
  i will give it a go !, 
  firstly is australia a continent or an island ? 
  common convention states it is a continent . 
  if this is to be held true it is therefore logical that islands are in fact not part of the main continent , eitherwise australia would just be a big island in the continent of australasia . 
  as islands are not part of the continent the uk is therefore not part of europe . 
  edit : christ downvotes , you people have absolutely no sense of humour . 
  in all fairness that was british until the evil irish came along and brutally tore it away from us and attempted to supress the noble northerners , we bravely fought them to a stand still and have remained in an uneasy tension to this day . 
  checked it , it 's accurate . 
  well duh , everybody wants to be a cat , because a cat 's the only cat who knows where it 's at . 
  everybody 's pickin ' up on that feline beat 'cause everything else is obsolete . 
  you could probably tuck those into the modern games quite easily if there was enough popularity . 
  you have oil !, 
  scotland is ours . 
  i wonder what the ramifications of actually annexing scotland would be if they declared independence ... 
  can we be naked in the crowd as well ? 
  well they may have been had you not given up and waited for britain to restart them . 
  since when is brittany in iberia ? 
  actually there are 0 . 
  cornish died out , there are attempts to revive it , but there are 0 native speakers . 
  they would n't work as countries . 
  the celtic union for example is made up of people of a ` celtic ' ethnicity , all of whom have completely different political leanings due to their location and history . 
  cornwall being celtic is just silly and the onyl thing the welsh and irish have in common is a dislike of england . 
  not really great starting points for a nation . 
  `` only a 2 hour queue for the vampire ? '', 
  i 'm there !, 
  i think we are arguing the same thing . 
  i was just trying to point out , changing your mind does n't make you immature . 
  he did n't link any data , he said he has seen information in the time period between this post and the linked one and that information changed his mind . 
  not being swayed often means ignoring data becuse it conflicts with your ` mature opinion ' however . 
  i have had people call me out on some of the completely retarded things i have said over the years . 
  it can often help you see where/why you came to the conclusions and how to avoid getting there again . 
  the us is n't occupying anything in the uk . 
  they are renting land with our permission . 
  maybe if you just accepted the press-ganging none of this would have happened !, 
  we needed sailors you know . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  had to fight off those frenchies and spaniards to colonise the east coast . 
  apparently he was born without a sense of humour . 
  starting a full blown proxy war between the eu and russia is the absolute worst possible action we can take . 
  it would end in the anihhilation of ukraine , restart the cold war and risk blossoming into wwiii . 
  even with an official request for help the un may back it but since when does russia give a damn what the un thinks ? 
  the eu may be in the right legally and morally but it would still come with a potentially devastating responce from russia . 
  have to say we pretty much won the jackpot in regards to that . 
  the us would be obliterated as well , there is no anti-missile system setup that is accurate enough to knock out multiple supersonic warheads . 
  china holds most of the worlds precious metals . 
  those stop coming and it 's goodbye to smartphone production , goodbye many computers , goodbye touchscreens and a hell of a lot more . 
  the war involves just ukraine at the moment . 
  you put eu troops on the russian border and there would be absolute hell to pay . 
  you can easily heat with electricity as well , we just do n't because gas is availible . 
  i was christened just to get into a coe school . 
  no idea why i was sent to sunday school . 
  probably just to get some free time away from us . 
  you can not possibly know you prefer it as you have never had one . 
  also if it was n't done you would n't know what you are ` missing ' so would have little to no desire to cut it off anyway . 
  on top of that as an adult you can use anesthetic , it may be sore for a bit but that is hardly a price to pay to prevent a child having body parts cut off . 
  it worked . 
  few people want to ban it . 
  most people want to ban circumcision on children . 
  if someone wants to lop off part of their body as a adult let them . 
  we let people put in all sorts of crazy peircings and holes . 
  we do n't really send them , they just leave because the us is highly conservative , which just perpetuates the cycle . 
  yeah ... entirely during work hours then it pissed it down over the weekend . 
  the thames is the cleanest river on earth , to run through a major city . 
  gibralter is n't actually part of the uk it 's an overseas dominion ( or a crown dependency i can not remember ) . 
  gibralter would be free to stay in the eu but currently there is no protection for microstates which is why the vatican , san marino , monaco and litchenstien are not members . 
  that comment seriously confused me , now i do n't know what to think . 
  the key to good sarcasm is to make it so hard to tell that all parties think they have it right . 
  why the hell has it been sunny all week then as soon as it 's the weekend it bloody rains . 
  same thing last week !, 
  plus it 's too hot during the week now , i do n't like sweating and the brightness makes my eyes hurt and wearing sunglasses makes me look like i am trying to be ` cool ' . 
  i ca n't sleep properly now either , it 's too hot inside , then you open the window to let some air in and all that can be heard is traffic , so now your sticky and there 's a draught + it 's too loud to sleep . 
  who the hell drives around at 1am ? 
  bastards !, 
  sounds like the uk ... 
  you have to put milk in ... we are n't turkish . 
  glad i am not the only one . 
  it was invented in glasgow . 
  with the exception of the chicken tikka masala . 
  that is pretty much a compliment to a brit . 
  the cinema guy says ` four july ' . 
  also david attenborough !, 
  we own belgium now ? 
  * door open , europe standing idle * * door swings shut * * door swings open , europe busy stuffing africa into a bag *,
