  sometimes it will be better than the stuff we have . 
  there is 0 reason than gm crops in general should have worse taste or quality . 
  literally none . 
  if you want to remain independent of seed sellers that is fine , do n't buy them . 
  some people grow their own food at home rather than be at the mercy of supermarkets . 
  some farmers want to buy them though , many already do , they just buy non gm seed . 
  why on earth do seed sellers not get to run their business ? 
  gm is a method of making crops , and being against it is nothing more than superstition , akin to the autism/vaccine people . 
  then if you do n't like those terms do n't buy them ... you do n't ban it . 
  you may have noticed gm crops are very popular elsewhere because people usually buy their seed anyway . 
  you literally just said you can/would buy some seed from one source . 
  it 's far easier to just buy a bag of seed , than try to harvest some of your crop for seeds each season . 
  how is it surprising monsanto would sue parent infringement ? 
  it 's costs tends of millions of dollars to create a new seed strain and those farmers think it 's okay to just take it ? 
  if i buy windows 10 for my computer , it 's illegal to then make 100 copies and shove them on all the computers in my business . 
  this is no different . 
  if you want to use gm seeds , then do so . 
  if you do n't then do that . 
  you do n't ban the gm seeds because it 's ` unfair i ca n't just keep using them forever after buying 1 seed ' . 
  organic food is worse for the environment than normal foods , gm foods do n't taste worse and no-one is forced to buy seeds , people do buy seeds because the crop is better . 
  the us does n't eat loads of gm fruit and veg so . . no . 
  their big gm crops are : soybean , maize and cotton . 
  potatoes , rape and sugarbeet are also big . 
  not true at all . 
  gm modification is simply faster , some modifications would be incredibly difficult of course . 
  one way of getting around the gm label is to keep selectively breeding until you get the same result . 
  another is to bathe seeds in acid to cause mutation and see what happens . 
  european grapes are modified did you know that ? 
  killed the roots in most areas of europe so an american type of grape root was imported and spliced onto the european grape plants . 
  if they taste like shit , they wo n't sell . 
  if they do sell , then people clearly demand cheaper food . 
  you do n't have to switch to gm , grow what you like . 
  that does n't mean it needs banning . 
  once you start growing gm you are not stuck with it , just go back to growing the previous seeds if you want . 
  this is total bullcrap , not that it 's your fault , i 've heard the story parroted on films before , but it 's entirely untrue . 
  assuming you are talking about the monsanto case , the farmer in question deliberately harvested the seeds from the crops that blew over . 
  then planted those , harvested the seeds again , and kept doing it until he had a crop of gm seeds he did n't pay for . 
  monsanto is very popular amoungst farmers for a reason , bullying them into buying their crop would be retarded , the farmer would just buy from a competitor . 
  that or go back to using the non intellectual property seeds we use now ... 
  what 's the difference between buying sacks of seed from a farmer or from an agri-tech company ? 
  i work with pesticides and improving them is bloody hard . 
  eu regulations get stricter and stricter meaning most new things we come up with get struck down , so we have to stick with older more dangerous pesticides that have not yet been banned . 
  it 's not a bad thing regulations are very strict but when we have serious weed issues popping up and all the new herbicides are just banned it could lead to issues down the road . 
  i 've heard many quips about the uk , but being uncivilised is n't one of them . 
  he is not an mp . 
  the euro elections are so underrepresented i do n't even know how often they take place . 
  i 'm ( usually ) not going to buy something from a website written in german , or french . 
  i will use the one in english . 
  the us has a base population that is huge . 
  the eu we all speak different languages so it 's harder to grow . 
  with the us they can build up fast and then spread out to the anglosphere , then onto europe and beyond . 
  120k brits died or where injured at gallipoli because the admirals did n't want to damage their ships so instead fucked up the entire campaign . 
  i 'm sure it 's a big consolation for them that it was for their country . 
  i think you where missing the poking fun at losing all the large swathes of land that ended up in the british empire . 
  almost as impressive as belgiums !, 
  if trump can make the mexicans build the wall . 
  and we only do it whilst hungry , so pretty much the same thing . 
  why do you think we built the thames barrier ? 
  poor netherlands , the empire that almost was . 
  new amsterdam , new zealand , south africa , australia . 
  the bbc is mostly very good but as you mentioned they sadly do n't have a newspaper . 
  not to mention m.a.d. 
  and the internet . 
  so was mercia , kent , cumbria , etc. 
  their languages are all dead . 
  they are all dead english languages , like cornish . 
  yes , they should know this but people are dumb as bricks . 
  which is why we have representatives not direct democracy . 
  you do know cornwall is part of england , i do n't see why this is confusing you . 
  which is why it 's so bollocks . 
  people literally had no idea what they where voting for and now brexit are claiming that is fine and tough shit . 
  i knew i should n't have just burnt all my post that month !, 
  that is very interesting thanks , i had genuinely not seen that before . 
  unless all leave voters wanted a hard brexit , then no we were not fewer . 
  fptp has caused much of the issue , people are disenfranchised for good reason . 
  this was n't the answer though . 
  it 's a possibility but unlikely considering the number of mp 's . 
  i do n't trust representatives much to be fair , i think they are largely failing in their duty . 
  however it 's a better system than asking everyone their opinion . 
  i do n't recall getting this at all . 
  that was n't made clear during the run up to the vote though . 
  everything is 20/20 . 
  it was argued by many in the leave campaign that a norwegian model could be done , or even that without immigration . 
  of course it was nonsense but had they known the truth i seriously doubt leave would still have got over 50 % . 
  many of that 80 % also do n't know what they where voting for though , they are just confidently uninformed . 
  more importantly though the leave choice was split between stay in the common market or leave it . 
  every single remainer , and every single leaver but stay in the single market is now not being represented . 
  that is well over 50 % . 
  unless information is slapped in front of people a majority wo n't go looking for more . 
  they just believe what they see . 
  in this case , they saw the newspapers , and heard slogans . 
  this is why the majority do not get a vote on things , other than who they want to represent them . 
  ignoring those who did n't vote . 
  most of us still did n't choose this . 
  ` leave ' is split between people wanting to stay in the common market but out of the eu , and people wanting out of the eu and out of the common market . 
  the % of people wanting out of both does not equal over 50 % of those who voted . 
  unfortunately i ca n't be on the streets i have work and ca n't afford a train ticket to london right now . 
  i 'm also pretty sure i had no role in ` waiting for an inconvenient result ' . 
  that was the failing of corbyn , and the lying of johnson . 
  only because they did n't think for a second it would fail .
