  they where putting their jobs ahead of the good of the country . 
  lots of people wanted to cut free movement but unless it 's nearly 100 % of leave voters it 's somewhat irrelevant in a ranked vote . 
  okay i wo n't claim them . 
  most of us still did n't choose this . 
  ` leave ' is split between people wanting to stay in the common market but out of the eu , and people wanting out of the eu and out of the common market . 
  the % of people wanting out of both does not equal over 50 % of those who voted . 
  most of us did n't choose this . 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  if people are ranking soft , then remain , then hard , it shows that as soft is n't even possible then the majority would prefer to stay . 
  i do n't believe hard brexit as an option would have been particularly popular , could be wrong though . 
  if you want to believe that go crazy . 
  it 's not though is it , it 's nonsense . 
  joining iraq was voluntary , as was afghanistan , not to mention refusing to go into syria , which the us then backed out of . 
  still even of those who voted there was no option on the ballot for hard-brexit . 
  many wanted to stay in the common market but leave the eu . 
  i do n't remember that and i 'm nearing 30 . 
  i 'd suggest the majority of reddit was not born at the time , not to mention a very sizable chunk of the countries population . 
  i do n't get this attitude that the us went in for revenge or money , ye the uk only did it because we have no spine ... 
  immigration plays a role it 's absurd to say otherwise . 
  immigrants coming in assist the pockets of minorities in remaining non-integrated . 
  it 's also often 2nd generation immigrants who are the most destructive , they are no longer from x country , and do n't feel like they are british either . 
  resentment fosters and isis offer an out . 
  it 's clearly not the only issue of course . 
  i completely agree , it was an absolute pigs ear of a campaign . 
  it was n't made any easier by the murdoch press though . 
  too many papers on the leave side spreading lies . 
  that leaflet with turkey , syria and iraq on was just an absolute joke . 
  actually , no they did n't . 
  it was put about we could stay in the common market but leave the eu . 
  it was put about we might leave everything , but retain trade deals . 
  the ` norway ' model was talked about , the ` swiss ' model , etc. 
  the ballot literally did n't have all the options on it , so people had to guess at what the future might be . 
  very , very few people predicted cameron would quit , boris would quit , some random mp called teresa may would become pm and refuse to do anything . 
  most predictions where heavily in favour of no hard-brexit . 
  so no , they did n't choose this as it was n't on the ballot . 
  it 's like asking if you want pizza , then forcing you to have anchovies on it . 
  i would have opted for chinese food if i knew that was the real option !, 
  people do n't though , which is why we elect representatives . 
  the referendum was a mind numbingly stupid idea . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm assuming they did n't vote for change . 
  there is literally nothing i can do to ` help make it a success ' . 
  mm , no they did n't . 
  only a marginal amount of voters voted for this . 
  all the non voters did not vote for this , presumably because they either did n't know , care or be able to make an informed decision . 
  non-voters in this case do count as they are also effected by the changes , changes they did n't know would occur . 
  clearly it 's not an exact analogy , however many people did n't know the actual facts . 
  what they where subjected to was constant anti-eu ` facts ' , unless you actively go out looking for the counter argument it 's inevitable you believe it . 
  especially when it 's the news telling you something . 
  looking for the counter argument is something that is taught , not intrinsically known . 
  for people stuck in that bubble they may as well have been unable to get to alpha centauri . 
  most of us did n't choose this . 
  this is n't a decision about what we should have for dinner ... 
   there 's no point in acting surprised about it . 
  all the planning charts and demolition orders have been on display at your local planning department in alpha centauri for 50 of your earth years , so you 've had plenty of time to lodge any formal complaint and it 's far too late to start making a fuss about it now . 
  both are however islamic . 
  that is literally how brexit and trump got in . 
  i do n't mean it 's part of the english language group , obviously it 's not i figured that was obvious and did n't need stating . 
  it 's a language of england though , all the others have died out . 
  only the one , i 'm trying to say if you only knew the one it would n't ` severely ' affect you . 
  it 's only after having it you see the benefits , hence the push for revival . 
  we are not talking about one small region or ireland . 
  irish in general is not very common , hence the push to revive it . 
  if we are talking about importance in that respect then irish begins to lose out . 
  you said yourself everyone speaks english , there is no actual reason to learn it other than interest , and a sense of identity . 
  the majority of irish do n't feel their identity is tarnished by not knowing it , hence why it 's not that prevalent yet . 
  irelands major increase in standards of living has pushed the language back into importance as people are no longer worrying about where meals will come from , or will my job still be here next month . 
  does n't mean it 's comparable to irish though , when almost all estonians speak it . 
  russian is n't the dominant language and estonian struggling to gain traction . 
  learning more languages can certainly help with looking at problems in different ways , it 's one reason why international research teams are in my opinion better than ones from a single country . 
  though i think calling that a severe effect is a little overblown . 
  it 's like english speakers struggle to make themselves understood . 
  one of the key points in english is to take words we do n't have and mix them into english . 
  that they want to revive it ... is n't that what this whole conversation is about ? 
  well as you said everyone speaks english even in the parts of the country where irish is most common . 
  the fact it 's becoming more important is the great thing , because it means less people are focused on more critical issues . 
  out of interest how would it severely affect your life ? 
  job issues or something else ? 
  i meant people who speak just irish and not english at all , rather than people with irish as a first and english as a second language . 
  the latter still being uncommon but growing . 
  even in the gaeltacht areas though speaking primarily irish is still a minority . 
  it does n't have to be , but if it 's not then as i said it 's just being shoe-horned in because people feel they should , not because it 's needed , or actually part of the culture . 
  over enough time it would become part of it though . 
  i never said they ca n't . 
  but forcibly trying to revive something is n't the same as it not dying in the first place . 
  we can revive a woolly mammoth but it 's not the same as the old wild ones . 
  err , yes it is . 
  cornwall is part of england . 
  the other celtic english languages all died out with the anglo-saxon invasion . 
  99 % + of cornish people have never heard of any cornish being spoken . 
  the last confirmed native speaker died in 1777ish . 
  it 's not ` undeniably ' part of their culture when non of them use it . 
  it 's like claiming my rowing machine is undeniably an important part of my household . 
  and there are about 200k speakers of estonian outside estonia . 
  cornish is dead though like the other english languages , with 0 native speakers . 
  i guess it 's making a comeback slowly but at this point it 's just not part of cornish culture , it 's simply shoehorning it in . 
  922k native estonian speakers , 1.3 million estonians . 
  how the hell is that at all comparable to 4.7 million irish ( roi only ) , 140k native speakers . 
  ( 1.7 m inc. level 2 ) . 
  estonian in estonia is doing fine , irish in ireland is n't .
