  of course not , but ` stop doing x , in exchange for y ' is n't unusual . 
  i guess you would have to know exactly what is going on though . 
  that is an interesting thought . 
  though alternatively the fields those people work in could have branches moved into the countries if possible . 
  guess it would n't work at all with doctors and such like . 
  any idea why you ca n't tie in anti-corruption laws/policies with the free trade ? 
  benefit the corrupt in the short term , root them out in the long . 
  it benefits everyone to see the east become as rich as the west , more people means more research , more money and more everything for us . 
  hundreds of millions of people , we should push to improve their lives and in the long run our own . 
  that is what the eu is to me . 
  which is why i said they should have joined the eez , got all the funding and grants , assistance , etc. 
  migration is n't a problem but it becomes a problem if too many people leave one place for another . 
  the greater the brain drain in ee the slower they progress , the slowed the eu can develop as a whole . 
  people will move of course but you can make it easier/harder depending on rights given . 
  i apologise if it came off that way , it was n't intended . 
  cheap labour pits increase in value , i have no doubt that initially there would have been movement into the countries to make use of that labour , but is that a bad thing ? 
  it 's moving wealth and jobs into countries that had just been freed from the ussr . 
  plus with the eu grants working to build up the east it would have seen a net increase of wealth , which means no cheap labour but now there is reason to move there for other businesses . 
  how does the current system not cause those issues , i 'm assuming you know more about it than i do , i do n't live there . 
  at the moment nations have to reach a minimum level to get into the eu . 
  this way you could get in easier and as a country develops it gets more access . 
  speak for yourself , i work at an international research centre almost all my colleagues are from europe , ranging from albania to serbia , germany to spain . 
  i think that is probably why they did n't do it . 
  i have a fair few freinds over here from ee and i would n't like to say no you ca n't come . 
  but hadrians wall is in england , then again maybe we could cut off newcastle . 
  i current ; y live with one , work with another , and know 2 more in the area . 
  there are everywhere !, 
  it 's a bit late for this now but i think free movement of citizens should have been restricted to begin with . 
  many places is eastern europe have seen a brain drain due to better opportunities abroad , and there have been not unsubstantial issues in western europe with cheap labour undercutting the competition to an unreasonable degree . 
  had we given open trade and one way open movement with the less developed member states it would have helped them build up faster . 
  then when they hit a set level of either gdp or development full two-way movement is enacted . 
  it would have benefited both the richer and poorer nations in the eu , sped up progress and prevented some of the anti-eu sentiment we are seeing . 
  refugee crisis !, 
  - 1 stability . 
  time for a shakeup !, 
  -1 stability . 
  people on reddit overwhelmingly voted remain . 
  to be fair the eu vote only passed due to the eu 's poor judgement on greece and the refugee crisis . 
  not to mention freedom of movement between all countries ( which sounds great on paper but has led to a brain drain from those less developed , and an influx of workers undercutting local competition in the most developed ) . 
  err . . 
  you are right , it was pretty poor . 
  my apologies . 
  we had a general election recent ; y and overwhelmingly voted for pro-eu candidates . 
  all we know for sure is the british public has no idea what they want . 
  i was n't basing it on that data , i was basing it on the various posts that have been around on things like / r/mapporn . 
  i do n't read the murdoch press , i get my news from a mix of the bbc and various reddit pages . 
  been having a look at various documents [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/survey/getsurveydetail/instruments/standard/surveyky/2098 ) and [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb_arch_en.htm ) . 
  unfortunately there is no 2016 one yet so we do n't have a true picture . 
  the general trend seems to be people are mostly happy with their lives but very unhappy with the economy , the euro and immigration . 
  when asked are you pessimistic or optimistic of the eu 's future the results above 50 % pessimistic where : france , cyprus , austria , greece and the czech republic . 
  now clearly being pessimistic does n't mean they all want to leave but it 's interesting to note the uk was n't above 50 % ( 44 % ) yet still voted a majority to leave . 
  i ca n't find any polls taken asking the referendum question to everyone except in early 2015 which was no from everyone . 
  since then it has been trending toward pessimism . 
  here 's hoping . 
  you ca n't punish people for stupidity . 
  once article 50 is implemented though we ca n't change our minds during that 2 years . 
  this needs to be done quickly , so the people of europe and uk can see some stability . 
  we should n't have another referendum . 
  we should ignore the result though . 
  it was too close to claim the british public want it with certainty , and our representatives show clear preference to stay . 
  the referendum was held , we got the public opinion , it 's not binding , it 's not a sizeable enough majority . 
  i do , specifically because anti-eu sentiment is closing in or over 50 % in some countries already . 
  being nice is n't going to turn pro-europeans , it might turn those on the fence but more likely would show the eu to be grown up about it . 
  it may also reduce those in the anti-crowd , or boost their desire to leave thinking it 's safe . 
  it 's anyone 's guess really . 
  at the end of the day though you have millions of people here pro-eu who simply do n't deserve it . 
  of course it is , i am european and people are baying for my blood . 
  being harsh will also foster resentment . 
  i do n't want deals , i want to stay in , ideally some sort of agreement could be met which looks nice but does n't actually do anything , to appease the public and keep the uk part of europe . 
  everyone wins that way . 
  not that i have my hopes up , the uk government is stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  holy hell , here comes my childhood . 
  fantasia was so creepy , it 's very cool to hear the backstory , all i can remember was the broomsticks . 
  helping badly is n't helping though , it 's just caused more problems . 
  and i am not arguing with you , we should stay and fix it from the inside , there is a reason most people with a decent education voted remain . 
  i 'm saying you ca n't be surprised at the outcome when all people hear about is the fuck ups . 
  you do n't then blame those people , you blame the people making the fuck ups . 
  cameron , boris , merkle , gove , farrage . 
  your last sentence speaks volumes about the events unfolding . 
  think away you would be wrong . 
  the czech republic last poll was at 47 % to remain , greece 44 ish , denmark and sweden are seeing increases in anti-eu sentiment . 
  the labour party just voted out their leader , the tory leader just quit , the leader of the leave campaign has been avoiding all contact . 
  how the ever living hell are we supposed to do anything other than drag it out when there is chaos in parliament ? 
  you think the 2nd largest economy is a finger ? 
  what sort of crazy elephantiasis do you have ? 
  trying to accelerate the passing of article 50 is trying to sink it . 
  the leader of the leave campaign has been in hiding for a week , it 's abundantly clear there is no plan for this . 
  that thing passes too soon , we are screwed . 
  the eu knows this and as it 's in their interest to see the uk fail ( so other states do n't follow suit ) it 's being pushed . 
  which was half the country . 
  the eu did n't ` ask for this ' but it 's not like it 's out of the blue . 
  anti-eu sentiment has been on the rise for a while , merkles ` come one , come all ' policy has caused a rift in the eu , and the collective failure to help italy and greece with both migrants and in greece 's case the economy ; has led to this . 
  this is n't just a uk issue , it 's an eu failure everyone is paying the price for . 
  we stand to by far take the brunt of this , whilst unfair it 's kind of hard to feel sorry for the eu 's bruise when we just lost a finger . 
  the eu should be using this opportunity to fix some issues and try to keep the uk in the union . 
  not looking for ways to turf us out as fast as possible . 
  i can fully understand they want to get back on track asap , but the long term effects for both the uk and eu are not worth this . 
  we have n't broken up yet . 
  yes but people are morons . 
  there has been a lot of ` the eu let the refugees in ! ',
