  unified we could take over trade anywhere . 
  we have tonnes of space to grow crops , we have some of the most intelligent people in the world , some of the best universities , we just need to organise it more . 
  it 's still fairly common to use both an and pronounce the h. ` an historic moment ' , ` an heroic action ' . 
  i suppose it depends how sharp the h is . 
  actually an homogenous state is acceptable . 
  i do n't think one country counts as an empire . 
  just do n't call it the united kingdom of norway and sweeden . 
  it would get very confusing . 
  thats ... so childish yet , brilliantly obscene . 
  i have to read it again . 
  i actually like nickleback , i do n't understand the hate :(, 
  in all fairness i am only an arsehole when i am drunk . 
  a full irish breakfast is almost entirely fried . 
  they do n't really go with beer though . 
  can i count wales ? 
  if not ... 
  i do n't think i can give an answer . 
  i loved the italian alps , the valleys of southern france , the islands of greece . 
  now you mention it though i really have to leave the cities and see the rest of the countries . 
  my enitre experiance of germany is berlin , sweden - stockholme , spain - barcelona and itlay - bari . 
  only place i have been !, 
  stockholme was nice , very pleasant to walk about although pricey !, 
  sadly i have not visited outside of stockholme as i was only there for a weekend . 
  what does it represent ? 
  edit : never mind !, 
  it represents william of orange . 
  i have to say the version with the gold looks abysmal , likes it has been left in the sun too long and faded . 
  we both like boats . 
  get out your shovels ? 
  ( thats a uk flag not an english one btw ), 
  sadly i also do not see one , hopefully the independance movement will push someone into the limelight that has a solution . 
  i liked the av voting system it would would give better representation , and i approve more powers going to different regions . 
  i would n't want to deny the scots the right to leave , i just do n't want them to go !, 
  we may have them , but nowhere near the same standard . 
  it 's an inevitable consequence of war , in a rush to kill your enemy money is throw into r&d and there is a spike in innovation . 
  wwi/wwii and the cold war combined gave us a huge innovative boost !, 
  was it worth the scores of millions that died ? 
  assuming the wars never happened , would we still be fighting colonial wars ? 
  would we still be annexing territory from one another ? 
  would the cost of lives exceed the wars just over a longer time period ? 
  the world wars where a huge price to pay for unification but i presonally think it 's insulting to call them negative , those where peoples lives and saying it was a negative sum game makes it sound like their lives where wasted ( i know you are not trying to say that , quite the opposite ! ) . 
  your judgement of the uk is based on media , which is never accurate . 
  a lot of people do n't want the eu , but that does n't mean they all do n't . 
  i personally think the future of europe and the future of the uk lies in a unified force . 
  you can keep the euro for now though :p, 
  is that the one where you pile up thousands of dead britons in a big pile and stand on them to reach the stars ? 
  only ethically speaking . 
  you want the us to beat us to yet another celestial body ? 
  i want to see a big fat eu flag over mars , starting with a huge colonial dome with 27 pillars holding it up , the perfect biodome to start our conquest of other planets . 
  or just bicker and argue over who gets to tell one another what to do . 
  yea ... 
  i would n't say the price is worth it . 
  a sattelite system could resolve that . 
  hardly cheap though . . 
  it 's my understanding the argentine millitary and air force has not improved much or at all since the war , combined with the fact it would be nigh on impossible to land means the falklands are easily secure against any threat in the south atlantic . 
  that . . is somewhat debatable . 
  the primary reason we kept europe was based on geography , without the channel , europe would have been royally fucked . 
  there is no way britain would have held if we where connected on the mainland too . 
  it took years for us to pull together and actually do something . 
  i personally find the independance movement somewhat selfish , rather than try and fix the problems there is a movement to just run away . 
  there are lots of other people across the rest of the uk in the same position as the scots , but they can not just claim independance . 
  we need a big over haul in the governing system , it 's shite at the moment , but we do n't need to shatter like glass from a single crack . 
  no it 's not . 
  ww2 laid the foundations for the eu . 
  not that i want war of course !, 
  claming it 's effect is net negative is just wrong though , it brought about the age of flight , telecommunications and even space exploration . 
  in all fairness france had our back from day 1 in that conflict . 
  the us offered help but we turned it down . 
  er , we had 12 harriers against 200 mirages last time and only lost 2 harriers because they accidentally crashed into one another . 
  more importantly however is the type-45 destoryer , the most advanced in the world , that is floating about down there . 
  capable of shooting down around 200 golf balls at several miles or something absurd . 
  see the thing is you want the wars . 
  they make you money ( not the taxpayer ) , you think the us has it 's fingers in everyones buisness because of the love of world peace ? 
  i would like to see an eu army , can i suggest you definatly want our assistance though . 
  europe . 
  the us is insane . 
  most britons would rather not be linked to either though . 
  i would like to see the eu become a superstate with us on the fringes . 
  i want to see a mixed millitary , close economic ties , very close r % d ties , but no open borders ( yes i am arrogant enough to think there will be a net increase in population not decrease ) and no euro . 
  that said it does seem somewhat pointless not to just go the full hog , these people are more than just our neighbours , they are our friends and hold the same cultural , ethical and philisophical values as we do . 
  a unification benefits everyone , i suppose we could push for a unification with the commonwealth but i do n't see how practical that would be , rather just try and coerce canada into joining the eu . 
  it ; s 2013 here ( oz ) happy new year !!, 
  i found it in a book called ` atrocitology ' which was very interesting . 
  other than that i can not really offer more accurate sourceing , it depends if you trust the author or not . 
  it says deleted on my screen . 
  can you actually make that into a username ... 
  if you do n't mind me poking a bit of fun . 
  i was reading up on the black death a while ago . 
  apparently it spread into scotland due to a bungled invasion . 
  essentially as england was in chaos , scotland decided it would be prime time to invade , so they all gathered along the border , where of course the black death hit their camp . 
  so they all went home and spread the plague to the far reaches of scotland . 
  where did this line come from : of course they are angry , you would be too if you lived in a country where the thistles grew waist high and no-one had invented trousers . 
  probably , leaving would be idiotic . 
  probably , though you were being a tad dramatic . 
  thats . . so disturbingly thought through , i am not sure if i should laugh or call someone . 
  personally i do n't think the story the government gave us about 9/11 is adequate . 
  do i belive evil jewish , illuminati , reptiles did it ? 
  i hope you do n't find this offensive it 's not supposed to be . 
  it 's 3rd rather than 3th , as in ` third ' . 
  it 's not soley dependant on , but losing one of the net contributers is not exactly good for the eu .
