  i think he has a point and it was almost a compliment , perhaps poor wording though . 
  not knowing irish does n't effect your day to day life at all . 
  it 's a great thing to know from a cultural point of view , but can you truly say if no-one spoke irish it would effect people the same way not being able to fund proper schools or hospitals can ? 
  cornish is dead , almost all the english celtic languages where destroyed by invaders , scotch gaelic is incredibly rare and scots is barely distinguishable from english . 
  most welsh do n't know welsh . 
  it 's hard to say but has it had a great impact on our lives not being here ? 
  considering the shit show ireland has had to suffer through over the centuries the fact that learning irish is now on the fore-front rather than basic needs is a great thing . 
  actively killing a language is different to trying to revive it . 
  for the record i think bringing back irish is a great idea , but your analogy is crap . 
  the vast majority of ireland speak english , just irish speakers are practically extinct . 
  a growing portion are starting to learn irish but english is still the primary language for pretty much everyone . 
  the same can not be said in estonia or finland , their languages are doing fine . 
  i suspect he is just trolling . 
  though brexit has shown perhaps not ... 
  the uk is still ranked # 1 in soft power globally ( depending on who 's criteria you look at ) . 
  i expect it to have dropped since brexit but it 's not like the uk has just disappeared off the map . 
  well this is just not true . 
  refusing to pay an exit fee is not the same as refusing to pay back loans . 
  that is very unhygienic . 
  well shit i never thought of it that way . 
  yes , it 's so far the only country to leave the eu . 
  i guess they did n't do it through article 50 though . 
  though it may have left early enough for it not to count . 
  laughing about it is all that is keeping me sane . 
  they claim the entire british empire ? 
  why is the uk 's an entire family ? 
  not quite the indian cuisine i was thinking about :p one restaurant can easily tarnish the reputation of a certain food , i would really recommend looking at some reviews and trying a decent curry house though !, 
  so much variety there is bound to be something that appeals . 
  you have spicy , thick sauced curries like a bhuna , very creamy non spicy like masala , korma or passanda . 
  dry , spiced with onions ( dhansak ) and a huge selection inbetween . 
  if you do n't like curries at all , biryani is basically a big pile of rice with meat and some veg cooked in it . 
  then of course you have popadomns with chopped onion , and delicious minty yoghourt and mango chutney . 
  oo and onion bhajis , brinjal ( aubergine ) , paneer ( indian cheese ) and anything with saag ( spinach ) . 
  really good indian resturants also do pumpkin which is delicious . 
  i made myself hungry ... 
  i have no words , i 've literally never met someone bad mouth indian food before . 
  lol what ? 
  read a history book . 
  well there where very clear correlations between education level and voting patterns . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to call brexit voters racist or xenophobic though . 
  wow , but rude to all the indians do n't you think ? 
  idiot . 
  you do n't have to believe i have travelled a lot , it does n't bother me . 
  i 've given you sources , if you still do n't believe it then do n't . 
  it absolutely is spoken outside of native areas most eu countries have at least 30 % literacy and the lowest is about 20 % . 
  that is far higher than any other language . 
  i seriously do n't see what you gain by denying this ... 
  pretty sure it was much earlier than that , a rebellion against england rather than the uk . 
  was n't there a failed welsh one ? 
  of course , claiming it was just because we are great would be silly . 
  geography plays the largest role in our development , it 's why europe rose to the top and africa still struggles . 
  it 's why britain boomed and why poland got shat on in wwii . 
  err ... 
  many did , but many more where exterminated ( especially in australia ) , forcibly removed , or not allowed to breed . 
  look at mexico and south america , far more of the native population survived and interbred . 
  the cariba people where entirely eradicated . 
  err , yes it is . 
  by far . 
  and i have travelled a fair amount , 6/7 continents and closing in on 20 countries . 
  by native speakers english is 3rd pretty much the same as spanish , with mandarin being number one but of course limited to china . 
  depending on level of english it can be said to have between [ 840 million - 2 billion ] ( https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/english-today/article/div-classtitletwo-thousand-milliondiv/68bfd87e5c867f7c3c47fd0749c7d417 ) speakers . 
  nothing else comes close to 2 billion . 
  i do n't know where you are getting your nonsense from it 's just that . 
  sort [ that list by l2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_total_number_of_speakers ) and you will see english is double the next highest . 
  ` by no means the most widely spoken ' , come on that is a laughable sentence . 
  english is the single most widely spoken second language on earth , and is the international language of business and flight . 
  english media has the largest audience and i have yet to visit a country that does n't have a significant english presence be it in the form of adverts , signs or people simply speaking it . 
  english is far and away the closest thing we have to a universal language and is exceptionally common compared to anything else . 
  with the exception of nz you just named countries where we genocided the population and started fresh . 
  better examples would be hong kong , singapore and south africa . 
  it 's more : we beat the other europeans . 
  it 's not sensationalist it 's supposed to be humerous . 
  the author basically looked at any situation there troops where there , privateers landed or other military situations . 
  on the contrary the fact much of the empire was successfully taken from other powers is the only part of the empire to be proud of . 
  england was a small country by comparison to spain and france yet still managed to come out on top . 
  oh come on . 
  no-one has a clue . 
  no-one knows how the markets would react , or which negotiations will go well or badly , no-one knows how long it would take to get back into the eu , no-one knows what will happen in the interim , no-one knows what will happen on the scottish border , what currency will be used , what will happen with relationships between scotland and the uk . 
  everything is unknown . 
  ah , another leap into the unknown . 
  always a good plan after doing it once . 
  conquered in part by scotland . 
  potentially not personally but the conservatives constantly do poorly in scotland . 
  this was to be expected as i 've said frequently . 
  may gains nothing from allowing it to go through , and has everything to lose . 
  she would go down in history as the single worst pm of all time . 
  the scots already loathe her ( as do many more of us in the south ) , so saying no does n't exactly damage her reputation up there . 
  it might however do something to improve her reputation here , as a referendum would be highly de-stabilitising , in a time where we are the most unstable i can remember . 
  the borders of wales where drawn up in 64 or 66 i do n't recall . 
  unilateral deceleration of independence means severing all ties with everyone and starting from scratch . 
  that means instant solid border with england , no pound , no eu , nothing at all . 
  basic trade can be setup quite fast but it will hurt like hell . 
  negotiations such as the north sea oil and gas fields will take time , and now britain has no reason to be nice about it . 
  spain in that scenario may full on veto eu ascension , it said it would n't for a legal break from the uk but would if it just broke off . 
  it would take scotland far longer to bounce back , and cause lots of trouble . 
  you are seriously grasping at straws here . 
  if you want to be wrong that is your problem not mine . 
  there are hundreds of interviews with voters on youtube , and you will find lots of [ polls on here ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;rlz=1c1msim_engb686gb686&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=why+did+you+vote+leave+poll&amp;* ), 
  really ? 
  you do n't ?
