  if history shows us anything it 's that languages die out . 
  ireland has lost most of it 's gaelic speakers , wales has lost most of it 's welsh speakers ( though i believe both are being actively restored and are recovering ) , scots gaelic is incredibly rare and manx/cornish/brythonic are completely dead . 
  language is used for one thing , communication . 
  it makes no sense to learn multiple languages to talk to the same people , which is why they tend to die out . 
  unless we actively fight to keep languages alive ( i support this very much so ) i could see most european languages simply dying out , though it would take some time . 
  all those speakers are confined to one country though . 
  that said the country in question is becoming more and more relevant . 
  you hit on the biggest problem with losing languages with your first sentence there . 
  it would directly reduce the global scientific output , with new languages comes new ways of thinking and new ways of looking at things . 
  which in turn brings new solutions to problems . 
  there is a reason many research teams are made up of an international group , it allows lots more perspective and gets the problem solved faster and more accurately . 
  ` north speaks flanders ' is somewhat of a give away , not that the rest was over the top difficult !, 
  good first one though , perhaps in future try and make them increasingly difficult ? 
  world war ii was a long time ago , the cold war ended decades ago as well . 
  no-one ( well some people ) are denying the us 's assistance in rebuilding europe ( but even that was not selfless ) , but modern europe needs no help at all , in fact quite a few european countries are helping others ( all the net contributors to the eurozone ) , and europe puts huge amounts of money into charitable ventures abroad . 
  [ spam ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8huxksal7o ), 
  you ca n't eat freedom and i am hungry . 
  bloody americans , turning up to a feast and not bringing anything edible . 
  i once went to a carvery and thought ` ooh bread sauce , i love bread sauce ! ', 
  and ladled it all over my lamb . 
  got to the table , sat down and nearly cried when i tried it and found out i had ladled horse radish over my food . 
  took ages to scrape it all off , revolting stuff . 
  i always thought neeps where parsnips :(, 
  true but serbia is n't part of the eu , so hopefully we can avoid a repeat performance . 
  excellent , cheers . 
  depends on your definition of a continent to be honest , some definitions put it as ' a continual landmass ' which makes new zealand , hawaii , iceland the british isles and other islands independent from continents . 
  continents do not have their own continental plate . 
  how did you go about finding your masters course ? 
  i am looking to do one and was thinking about denmark as an option but have no real clue how to actually find a course . 
  if there was any legitimate chance of this happening all european states would be escalating their state of ready , military hardware would be moved and positioned in preparation . 
  russia would not benefit from wwiii . 
  hate to be that guy , but the influx of scientists to the us has reversed . 
  due to anti-education pressure from religious groups many scientists can not practise properly . 
  anyone working with stem cells for example . 
  on top of that europe has now recovered from the wars and is expanding it 's scientific research . 
  only recently a few billion euro projects where set up , one of them was to map the entire human brain i believe . 
  i could be wrong , but i think the usa has also lost the top spot to china when it comes to scientific research . 
  china recently overtook the states as the number one publisher of papers . 
  now the us is still incredibly strong and arguably puts out the most useful research ( in pharmaceuticals particularly ) , however the tides are changing and the gulf is shrinking . 
  we are in the eu not the euro . 
  your gripe is with the euro and it 's poor implementation ( which i agree with you on ) , not the eu as a whole . 
  the economic crisis was not created by power in the eu . 
  once the economy is stabilised how does crippling it 's potential help ? 
  yeah ... that is really not what is going on . 
  i was talking more long run , rather than right now . 
  power can corrupt , but then why have large unified countries ? 
  it all depends how we run it , so long as we keep ahead of it . 
  lots of ifs though . 
  being against it does n't mean it wo n't benefit you . 
  a federalised europe will bring a lot more stability and money to the region . 
  which will increase global trade and thus the quality of life in anyone who trades with europe . 
  it will likely result in stringent quality control on goods and allow much bigger projects to be undergone , which will result in a big tech boost . 
  currently the states leads ( unless china has taken over ) in science output , a unified europe would trounce that easily and is something we should strive for in my opinion . 
  a fully unified europe will benefit everyone in the world . 
  one day , but not yet . 
  we have a long way to go , the disparity across the states is huge . 
  each state does n't need to be equal , but if we are working toward a federalisation we need to start shifting productions around . 
  for example food production could easily be dropped from some countries and shifted to others . 
  we need to start relying on other states more and less isolation , i would love to see more projects such as the euro fighter , perhaps a stab at a unified military . 
  even if it 's not everyones military mushed together but a built from the top down sort of thing . 
  each nation pitching in x amount of resources . 
  we ideally need common education systems , or at least make sure everyone is getting an equal quality education , each state needs the same sort of potential , can everyone be educated , can everyone be fed and housed . 
  there is no point federalising if certain states will just see mass exodus . 
  once this economic issue is solved we should be able to start working on it properly . 
  are you suggesting the quality of life in russia is higher than in the uk ? 
  he has a cornish flag ... 
  there are no nazi 's in cornwall , just rocks and people with big beards . 
  russia is taking pot shots about power , what ever will we do . 
  i shall stand here and sulk and russia slowly implodes on itself . 
  well , we would prefer an loyal ally , so there we go . 
  really ? 
  strange . 
  i was n't actually trying to say japan is more similar than the us , though i can see how you came to that , so i apologise . 
  incidentally , most people take off their shoes going into a house in the uk . 
  japan was always viewed as being fairly culturally ` similar ' in that we where both polite , prim and proper , required stiff discipline in the forces , both island cultures with maritime history , big on fishing , big on waring with continent , both cultures have class systems and both peoples think they are better than everyone else . 
  it is a little different now-days , but i was just trying to explain my reasoning . 
  there are times and places for ` simple facts ' a day after the uk decides not to ` back the us ' in syria is not the time to point out that your best friend is not in fact your oldest friend . 
  i once made the mistake of saying ` women are built to have babies ' , which is a perfectly accurate fact . 
  say it in the wrong company however and your perfectly accurate fact suddenly becomes offensive . 
  people always add connotations along with the ` simple fact ' , and other people simply do n't like facts . 
  for example : in italy during wwii , an american general abandoned the allies and went off to rome instead . 
  the result was rome liberated by america , and triple the allied casualties because the german army managed to regroup instead of being cut off . 
  a perfectly accurate fact . 
  if i mention that fact just after an argument about who did contributed what in the war , i can guarantee another argument will break out . 
  i guess he thought you meant we where dragged into iraq/afghanistan . 
  that is because the only side you are seeing is the bit in the papers . 
  the ` special relationship ' comes from the military and economic integration as well as similar foreign policy . 
  we are fairly similar to japan , which is one reason they where such a good ally pre wwii . 
  never try and be subtly witty on the internet , you will get downvotes . 
  being correct and being non offensive are two different things . 
  oldest carries implications of ` best ' and saying it just after the uk has pulled out of a join offensive could easily be misconstrued as a jab at britain . 
  just say the world oldest with emphasis , throw in a evil grin and you can see exactly how it could be taken . 
  albeit subtly . 
  the cultures between the uk and us are almost as close , however on top of that we have the economic ties . 
  the uk invests more in the us than any other nation , the uk is the only country to have clearance on certain military developments , the us also invests more in the uk than any other nation . 
  militarily speaking no other nations have ever been so entwined , and economically we are tied at the hip . 
  nah , you guys are close no doubt , but the level of military and economic integration between the uk and us are higher than anyone else . 
  for example the us is the biggest investor in the uk , and the uk is the biggest investor in the us . 
  french , wish i payed more attention to it in school .
