  during wwii it only started after the lufftewaffe blitzed rotterdam and coventry . 
  if the nazi 's where left to just keep bombing civilians whilst we took the moral high ground , it 's more likely britain would have fallen . 
  that was n't an option . 
  morals do n't always trump actions . 
  with the nuclear bombs it 's a bit more sketchy . 
  there might be a good argument why this is n't possible but detonating a nuke so the japanese know they could have been obliterated might have worked to cause surrender . 
  dropping 2 seems unnecessary to me , there are some who say they dropped the second just to see the difference between plutonium and uranium based ones . 
  ending the war without landing on japan was however vital , a landing on mainland japan would have been devastating far beyond d-day , as would invasion . 
  was n't that in the us ? 
  or perhaps the deaths of people being bad is so fucking obvious it does n't need to be pointed out ? 
  i 'd argue it 's different during a state of total war , as everyone is an enemy . 
  that referendum was so bad i did n't even know it had occurred . 
  was a student at the time , i should have been a prime demographic . 
  ca n't see them winning , maybe a coalition but even that seems unlikely . 
  yeah , but we have to vote people in first who will do it , using a fptp system . 
  i do n't get it , you want to hand over a british colony to a spanish colony because spain colonised the larger land mass ? 
  they do however have the right to claim a territory , as do russia . 
  it 's too hot here , the lethargy is incredible . 
  it 's amazing anything gets done . 
  i have never heard gambia refered to as ` the gambia ' . 
  perhaps thats just me though . 
  well the uk houses the greenwich meridian , but as we are not on the equator i would say which ever spot is 0,0 . 
  that 's just not happening . . 
  north was invented to mean up so as to give us direction . . 
  australia means south . . 
  guess it needs to be renamed . 
  from the parts of greece and the greek people i know , they all flush . 
  of course ihave only been to athens and one small island so . . 
  of course the roads are small we have a tiny island to live on and 62 million people , all those houses need space and if everything was filled up with road we would have to start living in teeny boxes . 
  staying in oz with a canadian/dane , he keeps telling me off for ` jay-walking ' aparently crossing the road is illegal or at least frowned upon where he is from . 
  how else do you know which clubs are good if not by the length of queue ? 
  i have never seen or heard of a briton doing that , and i am from the country . 
  although if you get one of those freezing lagers which has no flavour until its raised in temperature a little . . 
  it 's highly unlikely , we only survived invasion from france and spain a few times almost entirely due to the weather in the channel . 
  that said if we where land locked chances are we would not have gone around pissing people off at every opportunity , so different alliances would have been formed shaping the world very differently . 
  they are both butt ugly , scotland better stay , the blue is the best part of the union flag . 
  two red crosses would be rather lame . 
  the time line starts after our union though , we still retain flags of course but so do individual counties and there is hardly enough room to cover all of them . 
  just because australasia isa long way away does not make it irrelevant , on top of that having strong trading/military relations does not make one country the others bitch . 
  by that same logic getting closer to the eu would make us their bitch . 
  speak for yourself , us governing is even more fucked than ours . 
  society is more violent , lower standards of living , way to much military spending , worse global reputation , strong religious and corporation influence and the worst healthcare in the developed world . 
  that said i lovethespace programme , some of the food , military r&d , a lot of the media output and we have each others back . 
  correct , did you not see the image they described as ` the highest definition picture of earth ever taken ' ? 
  i give you : [ the blue marble nasa style ] ( http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/the-blue-marble-2012-cropped.jpg ), 
  i loved the variety but did you see the cats ? 
  they where all stuck in small concrete veiwing cages when i went to see them . 
  there is no pleasure in seeing a lion with it 's eyes popping from the containment . 
  i disagree a proper zoo will comfortably house animals and keep them happy . 
  people pay to see happy animals not upset ones it 's now in the zoo 's interest to maintain high quality exhibits . 
  zoo animals often live longer more comfortable lives than their wild counter parts . 
  i am not saying there are no down sides but thats a highly bias and incorrect veiw you have there . 
  on top of that zoo 's are required for educational purposes , more funding is produced if people can see the animals they want to protect , in fact some people only find out about some species by visiting zoos . 
  while i would love for all animals to be free in their natural habitat as a conservationist i have to say we are no-where near reaching that and i do n't see it ever happening . 
  it 's simply too important to keep some animals contained for their sake . 
  some species are globally extirpated and found only in zoos . 
  berlin zoo was disapointing , the variety is great but the cat enclosures where appaluing , i do not want to see big cats stuck inside a small concrete box , eyes popping and looking highly depressed . 
  it wo n't help . 
  if you do n't want to learn it you wo n't . 
  personally i used my french lessons as a good place to socialise or doodle . 
  ( i regret this now ) we do n't have the media influx to assit and encourage foriegn language learning . 
  i started learning french from age 5 in the uk , all the way to junior school , where we had 4 years of french and then at senior school we had a choice of french or spanish . 
  for some reason i chose spanish , and continued it at gcse . 
  however i did n't want to learn a forign language at the time so now age 23 i can speak only english , which i regret . 
  the teachers need to teach you to want to learn a foreign languge not just spout french and expect you to follow . 
  that said learning english is a no brainer for any country . 
  for us it 's a little different , if we learn french that opens up france a few ex colonies and parts of canada . 
  if we learn german it opens up germany and that area , spanish ( probably the best bet ) , opens up all of iberia and south america . 
  there is also things like latin which is taught at some public schools ( never heard of a state school teaching latin but perhaps they do ) , mandarin which would be a good option and i am sure there are other specialised languages . 
  i am in australia , british food is better/on par . 
  oz can not do biscuits to save their lives . 
  in terms of resturant food they are extremely similar although in my experiance so far the oz meals tend to simply be larger . 
  chinese here is very good , but it 's also very good at home , curry at home is better although here it is still good . 
  here is the crux though . 
  salt . 
  my god australia what is wrong with you ? 
  so much salt on chips . . 
  i have to sit and scrape it off before they are platable , salt is supposed to be a condiment not an ingrediant . 
  every resturant i have been to in sydney so far has had way , way to much salt on their chips . 
  something is wrong , i thought when an agency took a photo of the earth they where supposed to blow up their country so it makes up the entire earth then claim it 's the direct higher quality version of the blue marble !, 
  well the article talks about geometry as if it matters . 
  it speaks of infinity in a ' i can not reach the edge of space ' sort of way . 
  which i agree with , it does n't make the universe infinite though . 
  you can not reach the edge of earth , but it 's clearly not infinite , there is just more dimentions when dealing with space . 
  we have a finite starting point , and an expansion rate . 
  some theories put an infinite number of repatitions in the inflation period which would give an infinite universe but i disagree with . 
  eternal expansion has nothing to do with it , i misunderstood what was going on , 
  i suppose it depends which theories you subscribe to . 
  i do n't like the eternal expansion theories . 
  wish i had my shotgun . . 
  i am currently using mcdonalds wifi so can not get youtube videos , i just assumed that the video was my lovely horse , you dashed my dreams . . 
  oddly i thought the same thing . 
  why do people not know what it stands for !, 
  even if you do n't know all the words the l is light for god sake , rather a hint !, 
  yea , but by most current theories the universe is n't infinite . 
  the difference here is that a singularity did n't explode outward , essentially you can think of it being dragged outward , stretching rather than exploding . 
  meh , it 's inevitable we will eventually join up into one superpower but that time is not now . 
  any briton should , another country is trying to conquor a part of the uk . 
  how would you like it if your house was invaded and the rest of the country said ` who gives a fuck ' ? 
  vote to stay !,
