  if it where an option many non prejudice people would help their kids find it . 
  secondly the question says help their kids , maybe it 's a translating error but that would imply the son/daughter is looking for it . 
  kind of a dick move not to help . 
  i 'm not going to claim ee is n't heavily homophobic but that as a question is crap . 
  union jack , clearly the best flag there is , also easy to colour and draw !, 
  i think it 's the masses of tricolours that get boring . 
  fortunately no , we do n't have a hard border with ireland because it 's not in the schengen agreement . 
  presumably we would maintain completely open borders . 
  yeah , it also refers the entire water system , it 's strictly speaking a ` navigable aqueduct ' if it 's for barges . 
  this is called an aqueduct in english rather than a water-bridge if anyone is interested , i 'm guessing it 's quite similar in other languages as it 's from the latin . 
  when it has arches and carries a railway or even road it is a viaduct . 
  scotland can not be full-in , it 's got a border with england . 
  that means no schengen or a full border . 
  something that has not been in place for centuries . 
  it would split families and friends , as well as interrupt workers substantially . 
  you do n't need the majority of europeans , you need a majority in each country , something that wo n't happen for a while . 
  ignoring nutjobs after brexit and trump is just idiocy . 
  exactly . 
  no-one is telling us anything, 
  citation needed . 
  far right parties are gaining in the polls , and opinion polls repeatedly show places like scandinavia against further integration . 
  i mean ... 
  i do n't want it to go ahead but that would have been quite funny . 
  but the germans do n't do anything , they are just one of the eu nations same as us . 
  by that logic we tell germany what type of tea they can have . 
  hell we wrote the european bill of human rights , we get to tell them what to do on the most fundamental level . 
  that is of course assuming no-one else vetoes , and seeing as further integration is i general seen as negative across much of western europe at the moment it could be a while before we see much change . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  no other member state has had a referendum so it 's just a falsehood to claim they see opportunity . 
  they just have not had the opportunity to say otherwise . 
  polls for leave where lower in the uk than they are in some european countries now , yet we are going . 
  the uk government saw an opportunity for strength , it was entirely cameron ( i 've got this great idea for a referendum if you make me pm !, 
  ) , the media and the refugee crisis that caused this . 
  not the uk being abandonist , or isolationist , or the reverse . 
  the germans do n't tell us what tea to have and when ... 
  it 's okay , we will salute you as you sink into the black abyss . 
  of course it 's not , but as you mentioned we are not the only ones , so it makes no sense to assume we are to blame . 
  if the project speeds along it 's because the smaller nations have lost a major voice in the eu . 
  the nordic nations have no desire at all to federalise , the czech republic is over 50 % to leave the eu entirely ( or was maybe it 's changed now ) and the anti-eu sentiment is on the rise due to immigration . 
  blaming the uk is laughable which is why no-one has actually had an argument for why it 's true . 
  did we get to force it through ourselves or did everyone else also get a say ? 
  this uk blaming is ridiculous and part of the reason people feel separated from europe . 
  the uk media blames the eu , and many europeans blame the uk , both parties are ridiculous . 
  but london and it 's surrounding counties voted stay :( ca n't we just cut out the middle , north and south west ? 
  ah the old ` it was all the uk 's fault ' , i did n't realise we were the cause of the huge swing in anti-eu sentiment europe wide - . - nothing to do with the failure of greece , or the rapid enlargement , or the immigration crisis , or the euro failing . 
  it was the uk all along !, 
  and we are going to ruin it !, 
  hah , hah , hah ... oh , i made myself sad . 
  by building up poorer neighbours you reduce immigration , reduce crime spill over , and create more trade for yourself in the short and long term , as well as cheaper labour in the short term . 
  signs of a bad writer blaming the reader for miss-interpreting . 
  unless your phd is in the role of media and it 's effect on voter patterns i 'm not sure of the relevance . 
  absolutely true but the country is n't split into poor and rich , and like i said knowing what you need is n't the same as knowing how to get it . 
  voting because you think it is in your self interest is different to voting because it is in your self interest . 
  the eu is incredibly complicated , deeply embedded in the uk and almost entirely unknown to everyone except those who directly work with it . 
  it 's an easy scapegoat , make people think it is the issue for their situation and bam the actual problems get avoided ( looking at you conservatives ) . 
  university is open to everyone , primary and secondary education is free . 
  you can be poor and educated , and you can be rich and as thick as two short planks . 
  subject bias is a factor indeed but hard to see until after the event , i am doing a lot of research on high fat , low carb diets at the moment and many , many people are stubbornly refusing to look at the data which clearly shows they are healthy , despite being incredibly educated . 
  similar issues happened in the past with people just assuming great minds like aristotle where always correct , it hampered progress for centuries . 
  do n't get me wrong i am entirely a remainer , but everyone is just speculating at the moment . 
  a free-trade agreement with the us would n't necessarily require open trade with all food stuffs , it all depends on bargaining power and the will of the tories to stand up for themselves . 
  it depends entirely on what the us would demand and in turn what the uk would demand . 
  maintaining food quality would be a good vote spinner , though so would making food cheaper so ... 
  if we opened up our market to gm maize/soy as animal feed but did n't relax the food quality laws , it would still allow large sales for the us without damaging the quality of food . 
  hfcs seems to me to be the big issue , it tastes crap and is very cheap . 
  although it has the same nutritional value as cane sugar so there is no real loss there . 
  would not like to see that make an appearance !, 
  banned e-numbers and colourings are the other major one , and once again boils down to our government . 
  unfortunately i have as much trust in them as i do with leaving my dog in charge of the meat isle in tesco . 
  what makes you think ` poor people ' know what is good for them out of interest ? 
  being poor correlates with being poorly educated , being poorly educated usually means you do n't know what is good for you . 
  this is starting to sound rather patronising , which i do n't like but it 's one of the reasons education should be pushed country wide . 
  knowing what you want , is not the same as knowing how to get it . 
  for example i have a great idea for a phone app i am convinced could make me a lot of money . 
  i have no fucking idea how to make it though . 
  knowing you do n't like your current status and wanting change is one thing , knowing how to get that change is entirely different . 
  how do you think people get knowledge ? 
  that is what media is for . 
  it 's primary purpose is to share information . 
  if that information is wrong , then yeah it 's their fault , not the fault of those who trusted it . 
  is effecting an important outcome based on ` feeling good ' really something that should be encouraged ? 
  social inclusion is very important but not at the cost of elections and referenda . 
  lets take the brexit vote , there are good arguments for both remain and leave , and educated people on both sides of the argument . 
  however , and this is undeniable , there is a clear correlation between education level of how people voted . 
  what this means is that if the vote where left to people who have some knowledge of the eu it would have gone to remain by a large margin . 
  that is n't to say it 's absolutely the right decision or there are no merits for leave . 
  however leave was propped up quite clearly by huge swathes of voters voting without any idea of what they where voting for . 
  voting on whim , gut feelings and based on lies/exaggerations of some points ( the turkey thing , # 350m a week , etc. ) . 
  remain clearly also had huge swathes of voters voting based on whim , and just copying what experts said . 
  a vote should be democratic and for the good of everyone , that is undermined if everyone gets to vote on things they have no knowledge about . 
  personally i do n't think the referendum should have occurred at all and it should have been up to our representatives to decide , not who can run the best campaign , which is clearly not how you get answers . 
  if i ran a campaign to convince 51 % of voters than semi-skimmed milk is from horses and whole milk is from cows , it does n't make it true . 
  you would ask producers of milk and get a consensus answer . 
  that stuff still has to pass uk consumer laws , which are the same as the eu ones and will remain so after brexit . 
  there is the risk of the uk government changing that but , we have nice bread why would we want cheap sugary shit in a period when sugar is being demonised ? 
  plus the uk has some of the best cheese in the world , we do n't want us imports . 
  just some french , italian and a few dutch/greek ones . 
  the media is one of the largest contributors to countering said ignorance . 
  if it is compounding it , then yes the media is to blame . 
  if your sister does n't know what the vote means , then what is the point in voting ?
