  ca n't really blame them for mistrusting outsiders to be fair . 
  the troubles where both sides fighting , not just the irish bombing people . 
  the northern irish committed terrible acts as well , as did the british government . 
  the majority of the troubles took place in northern ireland not in ireland . 
  that would be even worse , guerrilla tactics in europe would cause chaos . 
  just look at the irish troubles . 
  i 'd assume they do n't have passports . 
  plausible deniability ? 
  they come from libya afterall . 
  especially if they vote for it !, 
  this is exactly how the british police force works . 
  we threaten criminals and when they call us out on it , let them go on their way . 
  after all the only method of detaining people is by shooting them . 
  it 's a well known fact . 
  how dare you return our people to us and stop them drowning !, 
  i apologise for the quality , i could n't find a better one . 
  [ yes prime minister ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reqiezuxh9c ) no political will . 
  there was actually 4 arrested . 
  could n't see in the article what happened to number 4 though . 
  you mean like isis that took over enough territory to be larger than some it 's neighbouring countries ? 
  clearly different to a standing army but way to underestimate a group of people . 
  believing in something , and being willing to do it are different things . 
  loads of brits support the death penalty , i 'm willing to bet the vast majority of those are not willing to be an executioner . 
  back in around 2001 , we were evacuated from the water near barcelona due to great whites . 
  actually haiti the poorest country in the western hemisphere , burnt all the free seed monsanto gave them because it was gmo . 
  it 's worse for the environment . 
  pesticides used in organic farming are not regulated to the same strength as conventional farming . 
  most organic pesticides are not particularly strong so require a hell of a lot more to actually do anything . 
  others are just flat out poisonous . 
  they let in loads of mexicans since then !, 
  it 's pink , ` lost before or at the treaty of utrecht . ', 
  everyone always forgets the spanish . 
  you forgot scotland . 
  like voldemort !, 
  that is how you cause accidents !, 
  weird , i was listening to it and bam here it is on reddit . 
  he never said it was . 
  civilisation brings medicine and stability which greatly boosts iq . 
  drank so much of that in brazil . 
  they stopped selling it at my local tesco though . 
  it was a terrible day seeing the shelf bare . 
  i still walk down the world foods section everytime i go shopping, 
  it 's in all my local chippies for some reason . 
  there is one somewhere of a bobby hitting a guy armed with a knife with a wheelie bin . 
  who can afford to smoke that much in the uk ? 
  alright think about it this way . 
  if no-one works sundays everyone gets a day off . 
  if some can work sundays it essentially forces others to do so as well to remain competitive , more to the point though it requires staff to work sundays , and lowers the odds of someone getting hired if they do n't . 
  to play devils advocate once you introduce some people doing something , it puts pressure on others they may not be able to ignore . 
  went to visit greece last year . 
  # 500 for a flight . 
  no idea why it was so high , i visit frequently and it 's usually around # 100 max . 
  i went to poland instead . 
  i 'm guessing because the language is called english . 
  i do n't think invading and annexing part of a country makes them entirely innocent . 
  fair enough , sadly i doubt increased per capita gdp would make up for the smaller housing and increased cost of public transport due to traffic . 
  sort of , english is a complete mutt of a language . 
  germanic roots with a heavy influx of french , not to mention plenty of scandinavian influence and even some celtic thrown in !, 
  well americans would get confused otherwise and we are polite enough to accommodate . 
  more wealth does n't mean more per person . 
  i 'd rather have bigger homes and less traffic . 
  anglo-saxon -  angles -  angleland -  england, 
  well you seem to like our language !, 
  if we were anti-immigration brexit would n't have won , would it . 
  why would we want that ? 
  ahh the old 20/20 hindsight approach to war . 
  this is a really daft conversation . 
  if the uk was attached to the mainland the war would have been drastically different . 
  totally ignoring what coukd gave happened the two millennia earlier the uk would have had a much larger standing army and more focus on ground troops over navy . 
  nit to mention assuming an alliance with france still that would mean germsny would have had to fight 2 huge powers at once not just france . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  are you saying without the alliance germany would have invaded the uk before poland ? 
  germany was never in a position to invade the uk, 
  you are going to tell me with a straight face , no human has ever been killed by a wolf ? 
  fingers crossed they take it seriously , though with may at the helm i 'm a bit skeptical, 
  eh , i 'm happy with the uk being safe to roam in . 
  bring back wolves and bears and eventually someone will get killed , it 's an inevitability . 
  lets just stick with beavers and lynx . 
  i suppose you could stab a ship , not sure how much use it will be though . 
  i doubt it , british science is amoungst the best in the world . 
  hollow promises followed by restrictions are more likely . 
  well then , having only the uk fishing here should make it easy to keep sustainable !, 
  i 'm not sure how legal it was . 
  we visited and all the sellers are in masks , running is banned and they are ready to make a break for it at any time . 
  english itself is a language forced on the population . 
  the only remaining celtic language in england is cornish and it fully died at one point . 
  it 's interesting how these things have come full circle, 
  does n't the fact we know it works lend weigh t to rhe argument ? 
  of course , but wales is n't part of england and has n't been since 1964 . 
  i think welsh is getting stronger which is good, 
  no-one is stupid enough not to realise they are being a twat when saying things like ` white , working class brits are so disgusting , and stupid as well , as you happily admit ' . 
  lol what ? 
  it costs about # 40 return to half of eastern europe , working class people are not so dumb they can not figure out where places are on a map ... 
  not saying it is n't , just saying it 's not going into their pockets . 
  i 'll tell that to canada and australia . 
  you are forgetting gibraltar was a conquored territory for the spanish , in fact its been british longer than it 's been spanish . 
  or did it only have territorial waters when the moors owned it ? 
  all territory comes with waters , this is covered by treaties that trump utrecht . 
  why do you think the uk is too dumb to know how to fish sustainably ? 
  we already have strict rules on protection of most species in the uk , but we ca n't figure out how to do it with fish ?
