  so we are enormously tied together , obviously . 
  and we are committed to making both the u.s.-uk and the u.s.-eu relationships even stronger drivers of our prosperity . 
  '' [ 116 ] '' it 's talking about investments though rather than import/export . 
  well corbyn did say he wanted a united ireland . 
  he did n't say how it would be united ... 
  with only a few tiny bits of colony stealing in between . 
  there is a difference between importance and closest . 
  we are very close to australia , canada , nz , france etc. 
  but it would just be lying to say the us is n't the most important one . 
  pff . 
  scotland is further north than denmark and we do n't count ? 
  it 's not racist the crime rates do go up . 
  racism would be not wanting them over here because they are syrian , not because he worries about crime statistics . 
  he was going on about the ancient cartridges the nuclear information was kept on . 
  makes sense to me , who the hell has something capable of reading that ? 
  i 'm seeing a trend here , no change until after people have got pissed off and left . 
  operation unthinkable . 
  that would have been a laugh !, 
  it 's not the result that is being challenged in court . 
  it 's whether government or parliament gets to pass brexit . 
  the courts decided parliament has to do it . 
  * tucks away shovel *, 
  it was rhetorical sorry , my point was it sounds great in practice but in reality you have thrown loads of people out of work and several countries are now giving money to other economies . 
  what makes you think that was the only alternative ? 
  it 's not , most nato members do n't meet their 2 % obligation . 
  if he was asking everyone to put in more than that then sure , as it is asking countries to hit the bare minimum is n't exactly unreasonable . 
  you do n't set up a first past the post system for starters , a system based on far greater political openness would be another good idea , maybe even a body dedicated to fact finding to call out anyone blatantly lying through their teeth . 
  it will be devastating to the country , so ... why would n't they ? 
  it 's toss up between short term anger and long term damage . 
  so ... which 10 shipwrights get closed down ? 
  it 's a great idea but will come with serious issues which will be hard to address . 
  shit did we pass article 50 already ? 
  i must have missed that . 
  it does n't matter what they are protesting mostly . 
  they can protest , it can be noted and we can move on . 
  they are not actually doing anything apart from making fools of themselves . 
  well this is n't anything , aside from the fact it 's very doubtful 100k people will turn up , peaceful protest is part of a democracy and banning them would be far more worrying than this happening . 
  the man did n't use a condom , he has to die !, 
  as of 1966 wales is officially not part of england anymore . 
  our constitution is an amalgamation of laws covering centuries , it just has no summery . 
  we have a constitution it 's just not written on a single piece of paper . 
  this entire thing with the judges overruling the government is enforcement of that constitution . 
  canadas supreme court judge is literally a santa costume . 
  we do n't have a direct democracy . 
  they only work if everyone knows what they are voting for . 
  because that is practically impossible , we have a representative democracy where we vote for someone who we think we vote in a way that will best suit our needs , whatever they may be . 
  we voted in a great majority of mp 's who think it 's in our best interest to remain . 
  we voted in a majority pro-remain mp 's , those voters are still there and only need to make up more than the other camp . 
  which does not mean 51 % or more because there are multiple parties . 
  for example ukip got 12 % of the vote , but 1 seat . 
  if the vote is split all you need is people backing the same parties as usual and bam you keep your seat . 
  seeing as people already knew what their mp wanted when they voted him in , knowing there was going to be a referendum it stands to reason you will retain the bulk of the votes . 
  he is loaded and got to tick ` become pm ' off his bucket list . 
  he has barely lost anything . 
  okay ... you should probably read up on gchq and what they can do . 
  mi5 is n't just hanging around big events hoping to catch people . 
  i am ashamed to say i did n't think of that , this is why i am not in mi5 . 
  yes ... hence why we have mi5 working on finding them . 
  most extremists have to radicalise which means a trail , many often have partners which means a trail , any large scale attack needs research and equipment which means a trail . 
  stabbing someone over a bag of skittles - no trail . 
  you know what it 's like to be looked down upon by brits ? 
  seriously ? 
  it 's 2016 not 1700 's, 
  [ a totally unbias selection of the best biscuits ] ( http://expatclaptrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/screen-shot-2014-10-26-at-12.27.21.png ), 
  oh god , you monster !, 
  [ the one true cracker ] ( http://www.bing.com/images/search?q=jacobs+cream+cracker&amp;view=detailv2&amp;&amp;id=fd8a0d6099da6f5c624e94a92ccb900a86d03a75&amp;selectedindex=7&amp;ccid=apgtaxcz&amp;simid=608028801800274116&amp;thid=oip.m68f1930177339ed1b63189d5276a5a54o0&amp;ajaxhist=0 ), 
  maybe if it was tuc !, 
  do you know what it is based on ? 
  also that is the french translation not what it stands for coordinated universal time was setup by the uk and us . 
  i guess utc was a compromise seeing as it does n't match either ? 
  you do know 0 longitude goes through london right ? 
  or utc seeing as it 's based around 0 not 0 +1 . 
  france and the uk do n't have much bad blood . 
  is everyone forgetting the start of last century ? 
  we were so close there was even consideration of a union between the two . 
  no , but it would change what time you get up in relation to the sun rising . 
  i just keep mine an hour out for half the year . 
  even in the uk it 's dark when i get up and dark when i go home . 
  at the moment there is still some light before i leave but that will change in a few weeks . 
  utc is just gmt , if anything having something universal based on london is a massive compliment . 
  unless we should have gone up by more than 0.5 % without the vote . 
  well that is good, 
  not to be a dick , but i have heard the us figure is greatly inflated due to religious donations . 
  it 's not because it does n't serve my point , but because they are irrelevant most of the time . 
  once you reach a certain age people reduce/stop putting into the system , be it through business transaction or media output . 
  the majority is done by younger/middle aged people . 
  and no i never said sweden represents europe but it does represent the direction almost all european countries are headed . 
  there is also not 700million people in the eu , as you know . 
  you do n't forget english when you get old , hwoever older generations are the ones not learning it , because as you said they do n't need to . 
  however younger generations do need to , they are the ones communicating cross country , cross continent and intercontinentally . 
  they are the ones we see requiring a common language not just within the eu but globally , to communicate with people from na , asia , sa , africa and australasia . 
  the only language even close to it english . 
  spanish is a decent second option as it covers the majority of south america , it 's passable in brazil . 
  it also covers a large chunk of north america . 
  french is okay as a fair amount of africa speaks it , german is useless outside europe apart from one or two countries , mandarin is stupidly hard to learn and totally useless outside of china , same applies to japanese . 
  english on the other hand is quick to learn , easy and actually useful . 
  hell even in china you get bastadised mandarin using the latin script because it 's easy . 
  it 's the single most common language in the world , and refusing to use it for literally no reason is just daft , and makes everyones life harder . 
  well london consumes more cocaine per capita than any other city apart from glasgow afaik . 
  so there is that to do !,
