  most useful about having english is that it allows piss easy trade with north america , australisia , rsa and the myriad of other places , such as hong kong . 
  english is n't just the eu 's language it 's the worlds language . 
  so do we !, 
  dammnit man , i am a physicist not a geologist . 
  it will happen eventually , but keep in mind what these countries are . 
  each one has a long history , usually of warfare with it 's neighbours , the fact we have grouped together this much just goes to show how far we have progressed . 
  not everyone is entirely pleased with the scale as it feels like you get less of a say in how your country is run . 
  these ar n't states remember these are individual countries . 
  so i think it will just take time for everyone to gain confidence , one step at a time and all that . 
  i am physically crying . 
  making a suggestion , or giving advice is one thing . 
  being warned or told what to do is a dominance thing . 
  one is polite , one is trying to take control . 
  * gunshot *, 
  typically languages get easier as people mix together . 
  take latin it 's damn hard and complicated , latin mixed with the rest of europe and created german/french ect , which are simpler . 
  then take english it 's a mix of those + the native isles languages . 
  it 's simpler even than french/german , no masculine/femanine , and a fair few words with the same meaning . 
  finally , look at us english , it 's english but spoken by people immigrating/emmigrating together . 
  it 's slightly simpler than normal english , with easier spelling , more phonetic spellings , things like that . 
  however if you keep working at it you find there is a lot to learn , but it 's not all necessary to communicate with . 
  i tried watching star trek : voyager and nearly died from how terrible the science babble was . 
  is n't the joint strike fighter , vstol ? 
  information must have exchanged during the building of that . 
  apparently our radar tech is extraordinary , just look at the type-45 most advanced of it 's kind in the world . 
  it may just be stories , but supposedly the us canceled the war games with it , due to being flattened repeatadly . 
  we like laughing at ourselves . 
  however britons have quite a proud streak , the constant ` bitches of the us ' jokes are one of a few things that really press our buttons . 
  git in britain means ` worthless , prat ', 
  for the most part i have absolutly no idea whats going on or how any of the economics works . 
  i consider myself fairly smart , and ususally get mocked if i try to bring up politics or economics . 
  i really do n't think people voting on things they have no clue about is sensible . 
  to me that says 6 point 000 europeans . 
  or 6 people . 
  you continentals are crazy !, 
  disliking being told what to do is not a child specific trait . 
  we do n't grow up to become sheep . 
  no love for the potter ? 
  arguable . 
  combined we have a larger army , and very similar sized airforce and navy ( just less aircraft carriers ) . 
  this is before we have it properly unified , with full eu funding we could easily churn out a few carriers and develop world leading tech . 
  i can not speak for everyone , but i am prone to shoot myself in the foot simply to spite someone if they try and tell me what to do . 
  probably not a great idea when it comes to the economy , but being told what to do by others is simply something i can not stand . 
  the whole special relationship thing is more to do with our millitaries , we share almost everything , on an unprecedented scale . 
  there is millitary tech the us develop that only the uk is allowed to but , and there are techs the uk develops that only the us can buy . 
  sharing on this level is unhead of with any other pair of countries . 
  not sure if it 's from the uk or us , but ` the hungry caterpillar ' is the most momorable book from my childhood . 
  along with a book calle piggins but i can not find if it exists anymore . 
  there is only a certain amount of money in the world , when a few individuals drag it all out and into their pockets the rest of us suffer . 
  it 's not inherrently wrong to want to make money , but unless you pour most of it back into the economy then all you are doing is fucking up the country . 
  2066 is going to be one hell of a party . 
  i have only met two fins , and one of them knows someone who has frozen to death . 
  going by this obviously accurate statistic i came to the conclusion that about 10 % of fins freeze to death . 
  the chap who sends in the data , accidently froze to death while out drinking in the woods . 
  ( it was a fib so it did n't sound like i was just ragging on americans ), 
  this is true , however it 's so damn good we look for any link to it we can get . 
  or the media for that matter  a lot of americans i have spoken too ( or maybe just the ones i remember ) seem to think the us economy is amazing . 
  a lot of britons seem to think the same thing , just because we can print our own currency does n't mean we are safe !, 
  are you blaming the queen for the shitty economy ? 
  well we know we are in a recession and are actively trying to fix it . 
  going by the media and us people on reddit , they have their eyes closed and fingers in their ears . 
  i have not many locals that like it either !, 
  so strange , ( but good ) . 
  while our cultures are incredibly similar , you can not call irish culture ` essentially british ' and expect it to go down well . 
  vicar of dibley , i can see not appealing to everyone . 
  i love it though i have not watched all the series yet . 
  hey now , series 1 is very good . 
  it is just so dwarfed by the last 3 and written very differently that it does n't stand out . 
  it 's surprisingly hard to get hold of . 
  i have never seen it in anywhere like hmv or in video rental places . 
  have you seen the cheese shop sketch ? 
  possibly my favorite . 
  that it is . 
  i know it 's a bit cheekey classing it as british but it aired on british tv and was filmed by a british broadcaster . 
  it 's just so damn good !, 
  i love only fools , but i am not sure how much it will appeal to an outside audience . 
  i think it won the award for best british comedy several years back . 
  i live in a hole , but i have never seen it . 
  i do n't know why i keep forgetting that . 
  it 's irish , but filmed by the bbc as an anglo-irish production . 
  though i think all the writers where irish . 
  credit where credits due !, 
  have you watched foyles war ? 
  one of my favorites and i used to watch a touch of frost very frequently too . 
  black books is brilliant , i highly advise it . 
  it 's about a bone idle , unwashed , usually drunk irishman ( dyllan moran ) who owns a book store and hires a slightly crazy but somehow normal accountant ( bill baily ) to work with him . 
  i completely forgot about spooks . 
  time to spend a week watching from the begining . 
  there was a vote a few years back on the funniest british comedy . 
  father ted only came 11th ... 
  i love comedies like , vicar of dibley , yes minister , dads army and the goodlife , but they are not in the same league in terms of hilarity !, 
  i suppose they do offer a storyline and more serious tones which make them better programmes over all though . 
  new or old ? 
  older : * father ted , * blackadder , * red dwarf , * fawlty towers * more father ted * monty python ( holy grail or life of brian ) * jeeves and wooster * father ted again . 
  would it not be possible to just have a work around emergency services , 
  no mate , he laughed at you and called you a child . 
  he has the moral highground now . 
  it 's all on your shoulders . 
  the eu could easily take over the role as global superpower . 
  easily .
