  that said the us and uk are very similar as well , and many americans would fall squarely into what i would call ` european ' . 
  so i guess there are no solid reasons , outside of a gut feeling . 
  i 'm all for arguing but lets not pretend britain has no meaning in europe . 
  it 's arguably the most influential country in world history , pretending it means nothing is just silly . 
  i 've always considered aussies to be european ( lived there for a year ) , same with canada and nz . 
  the only thing other than geography that is n't european , is the last century of history , but it 's not like that has n't had a social effect . 
  especially considering that most aussies are descendants of ` recent ' immigrants . 
  i do n't think there is any definition of european you can make that does n't cover australia and canada , outside of geography . 
  so it 's true britain is n't european ? 
  the centre of christianity is in europe , even if it 's origins are n't . 
  yeah , filing taxes to the us when you work in the eu is awesome !, 
  if you ever tried the gold class cinemas , you would be forced to accept the loss of steak has been successfully counter balanced . 
  ireland has a tiny population , it 's nowhere near germany sized . 
  australia is just warm britain though . 
  living there was almost exactly like living here , just with sun , vb and more afl . 
  i wish people would stop using asian to mean pakistani/indian , i know it 's technically correct , but the differences between japan/china/korea , and pakistan/india are huge . 
  the uk is one of the main pillars of the eu , host to the financial capital of europe , home of the international language of europe and home to one of the largest population of europeans . 
  mate , you need to brush up on your geography if you think britain is n't part of europe . 
  apart from that , they never make scapegoats though . 
  denmark and sweden actually hold the record for most wars fought between two countries . 
  surpassing even england/france . 
  had to happen eventually i suppose . 
  i think germany was voted the most loved country in the world . 
  bloody germans are more loved and more hated than us . 
  do n't you dare touch my passport !, 
  i love the fact it essentially tells everyone to fuck off because the queen says so . 
  i have always wanted to attach it to a stick and push foreigners out of the way with it , but apparently that is ` unacceptable ' in this day and age . 
  i have only watched the first episode of new world as well , and found it a little dry . 
  usually these things ramp up after an introductory episode . 
  people still read newspapers ? 
  not sure if i want to give the lib dems another go , or just pack up and leave . 
  it is , but it was appaulingly handled . 
  i did n't even know the vote happened until after the results came out , and i spend a lot of time reading the news . 
  i can only think of one person who actually voted . 
  excellent , i can catch it on iplayer eventually then . 
  one episode is out so far . 
  well that is certainly a matter of opinion , however the haggis is a small animal found in the highlands . 
  it has different size legs to make it easier to run around the mountains . 
  some people may hate him , but personally i think he is brilliant . 
  it will be a sad day when be passes . 
  well she smashed up the coal industry , which was hemmoraging money . 
  aside from the people that lost their jobs ( not to diminish their suffering ) , it was generally viewed as a good thing . 
  she also broke the bin men strike , which was literally crippling the country . 
  no-one collecting rubbish causes a breakdown very quickly . 
  also she was pm during the falklands war , which is a very good subject to rile up britons . 
  i am sure there where other things she did that where popular , but i have not looking into it too heavily . 
  does n't that somewhat backup my point ? 
  51 % of people know english . 
  to an extent i agree , specifically if the institution is an original name , though it comes off as a little pretentious . 
  latin is primarily used in science and fantasy , the only people who actually learn latin tend to go to prestigious public schools . 
  if you do n't understand what it means , it makes little sense to have as a name . 
  if it 's just a latin translation for the sake of it , then i disagree . 
  the parlamentum europaeum for example is a little silly in my opinion , mostly because it is just too close to the english . 
  you simply wo n't get people on board with it , it will remain the european parliament . 
  clearly i am bias though . 
  what 's the point ? 
  it would just make it harder to communicate/trade with north america/australasia/india / china/africa , etc. 
  on the naming issue , we need to use terms that are common globally , which is why english is used at the moment . 
  it allows ease of communication with north america and many other states . 
  there is little point using anything latin or indo-european unless it 's also used by other nations . 
  i get your point , but actually it does n't . 
  you ca n't make anyone learn a language . 
  the reason people are learning english is because it opens up doors , not because they have to . 
  learning french or german does n't open up enough doors to make it worth learning for a lot of people . 
  i do think it 's a good idea to have a common language , and english is the obvious choice , it 's just a bit sad we then wo n't have another ` private ' language . 
  if we stop trusting signs , the world will turn to anarchy !, 
  heh , finland is long and thin , denmark is short and fat . 
  well , there goes my evening , hello wikipedia !, 
  how on earth have i not heard of this war ? 
  late 1400 's ? 
  that sums up english quite nicely . 
  poorly . 
  mathematics is a collection of studies , from calculus to arithmetic . 
  people still get kidnapped though regardless of the stance . 
  the us refuses to pay ransoms , does n't stop hostages being taken . 
  not all words follow that rule . 
  the word data for example is more commonly said as ` data is ' , rather than ` data are ' despite data being a plural word . 
  at least we do n't have those shitty european plugs though . 
  it clearly says londonderry on the sign . 
  it 's not correct at all , mathematics is a group of subjects , like physics . 
  which makes it plural , maths is plural , math is not . 
  fuck that , i would rather 100 people get kidnapped and ransomed , than 1 person gets kidnapped and executed . 
  it 's kind of a good thing . 
  as soon as missiles can easily be knocked down there is nothing left to hold back full on ground wars again . 
  i will see what i can find : [ `` one of the byproducts of fermentation is the release of carbon dioxide gas , which , if the wine is bottled , is trapped inside the wine , causing intense pressure . 
  the pressure inside the weak , early french wine bottles often caused the bottles to explode , creating havoc in the cellars . 
  if the bottle survived , the wine was found to contain bubbles , something that the early champenois were horrified to see , considering it a fault . 
  '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_champagne ) [ `` the english were one of the first who saw the tendency of champagne to sparkle as a desirable trait , and tried to understand why it did bubble . 
  in 1662 , the english scientist christopher merret presented a paper detailing how the presence of sugar in a wine led to it eventually sparkling , and that nearly any wine could be made to sparkle by adding sugar to a wine before bottling it . 
  this is one of the first known accounts of understanding the process of sparkling wine and suggests that ** british merchants were producing `` sparkling champagne '' even before the french champenois were deliberately making it ** . 
  '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_champagne#english_influences ) `` as the popularity of sparkling champagne grew in london , other european courts began to discover the bubbly curiosity-including the french who had previously despised the bubbles as a wine fault '' sorry for the massive quotes but i think it 's quite interesting . 
  well that is what annoyed me the most , i love french cheese , i assumed the feeling was reciprical . 
  personally i consider french and english cheese to be the best availible ( excluding the odd one or two ) . 
  well ... 
  champagne was originally served without bubbles , however the english liked the bubbles ( which the french considered to be bad wine ) , so only imported that . 
  apparently the french finally cottoned on and now champagne is synonymous with fizzy wine . 
  you 're welcome france . 
  used to work with a french girl , she massively pissed me off by flat out stating britain makes crap cheese . 
  this coming from the country that invented the cheese that smells of foot !, 
  if someone asked if i was turkish i would just assume they have a screw or two loose .
