  census data is highly inaccurate , people report what they think . 
  it is very common in the states to ignore english-american , because it 's the default . 
  people just write american , or if they have any joint ancestry they use that . 
  immigration records and surnames estimate 62 % of the population has english ancestry . 
  still leaves 7 % that can not find gb on a map !, 
  how can you not find your own country , this is mind boggling !, 
  the us was an english colony , the revolution was fought to keep the rights of englishmen . 
  sure there has been a lot of immigration but there has also been a lot of immigration from england and other parts of britain . 
  it 's not about ` probably ' it is the most common . 
  what other ethnicity could possibly match it ? 
  german is close , everything else is miles behind . 
  fairly glad i have not heard it to be frank . 
  i meant us wide . 
  i suppose everything is easy if you know the answer . 
  it worries me only 35 % of english you adults can find the us . 
  it 's one of 3 bloody countries in north america , unless you count panama i guess . 
  i may actually have that lying around somewhere , i will give it a go thanks !, 
  having titles like that was the english way of naming kings and queens , sadly we adopted the french way with simple numbers . 
  it would be interesting if we returned to the old method , what would lizzie be called ? 
  elizabeth the ... ? 
  i prefer not to tbh . 
  ca n't believe we lost calais in the end ... 
  a mans pants are his castle , this snooping has gone too far !, 
  with slovakia and slovenia , i just remember that czechoslovakia broke apart into the czech republic and slovakia , so the other one must by default be slovenia !, 
  the baltics can be a little confusing . 
  i learnt all the european countries by creating a world map on euiii . 
  it 's the north west corner that gets me , can never get their locations right . 
  euiii got me to learn all of europe and north africa . 
  yet to really hit south america . 
  everyone knows thailand , it 's the place you go for cheap sex . 
  i do n't think i can do all of them , europe is easy , can do all of those and their locations . 
  south america though ... 
  tend to get lost around guyana . 
  how the hell does he know about my washing habits ? 
  all stereotypes have to come from somewhere , ergo some basis in fact . 
  i have a top hat and a pith helmet , crumpets are awesome , tea is pretty good but frankly it 's too warm at the moment for any hot drinks . 
  teeth are average . 
  remember 1415 !, 
  wikipedia . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about , the indians loved us . 
  some german surnames where converted to british ones , but even then english-americans make up the largest subset by a fair way . 
  the usa abbreviates to america , hence the term american , can refer people from north america , the usa or rarely either of the americas . 
  there is no other term to refer to someone from the states , if there was there would be no confusion . 
  sadly however i do n't know of one , unless you refer to people from their individual states . 
  yeah , pretty much !, 
  german-americans are another large demographic , but not as large and english-americans . 
  unless of course you go by the ` self reported ' census data . 
  the majority of surnames are british , and immigration records put the total at 62 % ish . 
  census data puts english ancestry at only 9 % or less , which is obviously bollocks . 
  you are of course completely correct that the further back you go the more blurred the lines get . 
  people seem to forget the number of ancestors increases exponentially . 
  the wars took their toll on the german surnames somewhat . 
  i was under the impression parts of it resisted . 
  or at least other parts of the isles . 
  to google !, 
  ah yeah , you are right , cornwall , wales and northern england/scotland , resisted initially then fell later . 
  guess i got those muddled . 
  most americans throw in the country as a prefix , such as irish-americans and italian-americans , interestingly the major one ( english-americans ) seems to be missing , i guess it just defaulted to americans . 
  history is written by the victors as they say , which is why the native tribes in all 4 major white colonies are not named for the country they live in . 
  aboriginal americans and australasians are so helplessly outnumbered they only recently started to get rights , which i completely agree is appalling but unfortunately we do n't live in a perfect world . 
  thankfully we are now living in a far more peaceful world , it is indeed very sad the native populations of america and australasia where almost wiped out before we reached this . 
  in asterix in britain , there is a small village there too , where asterix 's second cousin once removed , lives . 
  it too holds out against the romans , with the help of ` magic potion ' which turns out to be tea . 
  wait wait wait , hardrada got beaten up by harold godwinson pretty quickly , when did hardrada ` almost conquer ' england ? 
  so close though , only 10 points in it !, 
  that was a great read , very profound . 
  ( though put in a few paragraphs , mate ! ), 
  ah , do n't worry it 's not my house , but my parents . 
  my last house had a lawn 2 metres square . 
  needless to say we just let it become over grown . 
  very occasionally cutting it to make room for a bbq . 
  having a tiny lawn makes no sense to me , just turn it into a flower bed , for veg or something . 
  beating a dead horse there i feel . 
  there are 300 million us citizens , natives make up 0.9 % of the population . 
  it 's easier to refer to the natives as native americans , and the rest simply as americans . 
  what 's the point in a garden without a lawn ? 
  especially with kids , you need a lawn to run around on , play football , cricket , water fights . 
  without a lawn there would be no room for a trampoline or swimming/paddling pool . 
  not to mention they look nice and tidy , are soft enough to walk on barefoot . 
  fantastic for strolling on during a warm day ( need to have flowerbeds though or what 's the point ! ), 
  i use mine for archery , and gazing over , would n't be able to see the end of the garden otherwise . 
  as you mentioned though , personal preference , gardens are very popular in the uk . 
  i figured as he was romanian his english may be a little off , i have friends abroad who muddle tenses on occasion . 
  good point , i have to say as soon as i read the title of the thread the first people i come up with where heroes of war . 
  it 's silly really considering there are people out there who have saved way more lives than anything war could have done . 
  [ sir alexander fleming ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_fleming ) for example . 
  i nominate sir francis drake . 
  picked on the spanish despite them being the dominant power at the time . 
  known as el draque , he specialised in robing everything he could from the spanish . 
  my favourite tale of his , is he trip around the world . 
  he started with a small fleet of 6ish ships , by the time they got around the tierra del fuego he was the only captain left ( the others gave up ) . 
  this made him the first english man in the pacific ocean . 
  unfortunatly for spain , this over confidence that they where the only ones there , meant there where no defences at all along the west coast of america . 
  drake plundered his way northwards , capturing 2 treasure ships , one of which had 36kg of gold and 26 tons of silver aboard ( and other stuff ) . 
  he than sailed home , making him the first briton and second man to circumnavigate the globe ( and earned himself a knighthood ) . 
  another story i love is when he was under john hawkins , they needed to fix their ship . 
  unfortunately the only dock around was a spanish town . 
  so they sail in , take over the town and fix the ship . 
  before they can leave however the spanish flotilla turns up , next thing you know the dock is crammed with loads of ships , so tight you can step from one to another . 
  after agreeing with the spanish to leave as soon as the ship is done , the spaniards betray the agreement and launch an attack .
