  or it could destroy scotland and make the rest of the uk look like a joke . 
  germany is allowed nuclear weapons , they choose not to build them . 
  fairly sure the eu invading the uk is illegal and would cause one hell of an international incident . 
  yeah scotland has a long history of winning those wars ... 
  thatcher did n't invade anyone or commite genocide though . 
  you ca n't call her the worst pm based on closing down a failing coal industry and smashing the unions . 
  cameron did n't actually win the election though . 
  well over 50 % of the population do n't want him in . 
  you know thatcher was incredibly popular amoungst a large part of the population ? 
  surprised we hav n't , single best tank armour in the world and only used by the uk and us ( i think ) . 
  seems like a no brainer to sell to europe . 
  perhaps they do n't want it . 
  probably does n't help that we set up a shed at the end of spains garden and refuse to leave . 
  voting for the less of two evils is still voting for evil . 
  we have the right to complain about evil without voting it in . 
  i would not mind voting being mandatory , as long as they allow an option saying ` none of the above ' . 
  world champions !, 
  although sometimes tied with netherlands and malta i think . 
  top o ' the morning y' all . 
  * tucks away notebook *, 
  american-irish ? 
  while i am highly against independence i really hope this puts a little fear into our shitty government so we all get something out of it . 
  yeah but that comes with many , many negatives . 
  vote no , get increased autonomy and keep all the positives . 
  it 's a no brainer . 
  i see what you mean , by global language i meant lingua franca , rather than replace all languages with one . 
  english as a global second language while everyone keeps their one as a primary would be very beneficial i think . 
  if everyone dumped their first language and went with just english i do n't think it would be beneficial . 
  different languages allow the person to think in different ways , which is likely to cause a loss of ideas , not to mention the loss of cultures !, 
  being able to speak to yout neighbours drasticalyl reduces animosity toward them . 
  a global language would go a long way to reducing conflict . 
  a lot is rather an exaggeration , very few learn welsh as their first language . 
  it is the largest reported , but it 's unlikely to be the largest as people almost never claim british ancestry . 
  20 million of them dissapeared between two of the censuses . 
  seems fair , personally i think there are too many benefits to a monarchy to abolish it . 
  i also like having the biggest land owner in the world in the public eye so we can see what they are up to . 
  the oligarchy came about almost entirely because of dodgy laws passed during regans presidency though . 
  as long as we do n't let a first past the post system give one person too much power then these silly laws should n't ( in theory ) get passed . 
  my point is a monarchy does n't hold back the country , although i suppose that argument mostly pops up with arguments against americans not europeans . 
  i do n't think there is any need to form a comparable government to the us . 
  if anything that fact the us exists means we can see the bad points and come up with a system that avoids them . 
  i would definitely go with the latter . 
  the monarchy in the uk has survived simply because it does n't piss everyone off and make demands . 
  keep being a lovely old lady who hands out titles and the prefix royal - and we will keep the crown !, 
  i was n't implying that a monarchy makes the country better , rather it does n't hold you back . 
  how are we emulating the us ? 
  certainly in a lot of things , not all though . 
  on average western countries with a monarchy seem to be doing pretty damn well : + uk + netherlands + belgium + luxembourg + sweden + denmark + norway + liechenstein + monaco + andorra spain is dragging the average down a little though . 
  thanks spain . 
  ireland is n't just made up of the younger generation though . 
  his point was that the majority of us states are not in the position you just described . 
  a couple are but not ` most ' . 
  i 'd rather sink money into helping their country recover than have to sink boatloads of people , or put up with mass immigration . 
  the entire point in the eu is to help everyone and in turn make those countries benefit all . 
  putting effort into building up those poorer nations will in the long run benefit everyone . 
  it 's not catering if you do n't cater for everyone . 
  well that is because they are actually taught english , whereas most of us learn it from parents , friends and the media . 
  do n't need to , scots get to 4 pints and leave to get a deep fried pizza or a munchy box . 
  the rest of the world is weird , i do n't want some smelly stranger discussing their problems with me . 
  free education for all english people at last !, 
  the welsh too but it 's harder to get excited about that . 
  the highland council has been mulling plans to ban pint glasses in some places due to the number of hospitalisations involving glasses and heads . 
  i am so jealous of your kilts . 
  i hate trousers but shorts are nor overly acceptable in most situations . 
  sadly an englishman in a kilt is also not socially acceptable . 
  perhaps i should move to scotland for a few years and develop an accent purely to avoid the curse that is trousers . 
  mad with gravy ? 
  i want my roast dripping in the stuff !, 
  none of these shoddy dry potatoes or beef . 
  although properly cooked neither need much so on second thoguht perhaps the gravy is just a way of masking my lousy cooking . 
  does this actually work in ireland ? 
  i call you all gypsies and get free drinks ? 
  which is strange as the nazi 's beat pretty much everybody as well . 
  if you are going to kill something the least you can do is not rape it first . 
  you say that but lethal injection will be getting rarer soon . 
  the european companies selling the drugs are refusing to do so . 
  did you know the haggis is a real animal ? 
  it 's interesting because one leg is shorter than the other so it can run around mountains easier . 
  well that is incredibly depressing . 
  it would be good for engish people to learn another language , but it 's utterly silly for english not to be the lingua franca of the eu . 
  by speaking english we ensure everyone speaks the global language of business and aviation . 
  most of north america speaks english , half of africa , india ( officially ) , a fair chunk of japan/china/korea and all of australasia . 
  what has that got to do with russia ? 
  more than they demanded before the war started . 
  russia litterally just invaded a european country a few months ago ... 
  so it 's not a nato country , that does n't mean it 's impossible and only a fool would n't prepare . 
  could n't and did n't are very different things . 
  100 years war was a lot earlier more swords and knights than cannon and musket , 1400 's . 
  master and commander was napoleonic era , around 1800ish . 
  i like this , i think from now on we should definitely count proxy wars . 
  denmark/sweden actually hold the world record of most fights between two nations . 
  i am ashamed . 
  this can not be right , worldnews has been telling me how crimea is entirely russian and of course the vote was legitimate . 
  maybe , although there are more pro-independence english than there are scots . 
  suits me , i consider myself british not english . 
  call it all you want , it was n't scotland who found or exploited the resources , they just happen to be in scottish waters . 
  when there is money to be had every trick in the book will be pulled out to try and keep it . 
  they where not even in scottish waters originally as scotland became part of the uk before the extension to maritime borders . 
  i do n't have a problem with it , but reading where i live is huge on immigrants , every shop in a 1 mile radius is owned by or staffed by immigrants . 
  yeah because it will be that clean cut .
