  like the scottish referendum !, 
  how many kids/dogs have run over people in the us today ? 
  i 'm voting to stay but that does n't change the effects britains leaving will have on the eu . 
  britain may be worse off it may be better off , it 's mostly conjecture at the moment . 
  what we do know is , there is unrest in the eu and having a major played bow out wo n't look good internationally or domestically , there will be ramifications . 
  czech republic is already below 50 % approval , denmark and sweden are close . 
  greece has 1000 's of islands to protect , and is massively in debt so ca n't field enough ships/men to guard those borders . 
  the eu will suffer just as much as the uk if we leave . 
  the idea the eu will be fine after such a major members leave is laughable . 
  the eu is showing stress fractures , the eurozone during the recession did damage , the handling of the refugee crisis has done a lot more , the quick expansion of the eu brought in big resentment , the treatment of greece , and italy , britain leaving could cause unrecoverable damage . 
  many countries are unhappy with the status quo and if someone leaves it sets a precedent , nations like denmark and czech republic are high on resentment what if they leave too ? 
  what if greece gets thrown out too ? 
  or another recession ? 
  the eu might learn from the mistakes and fix them , or it all goes tits up . 
  personally i do n't want us to leave but lets not pretend britain is going to go kaput if it does . 
  we are supposed to improve not go back years at a time . 
  it cause a massive reduction in our currency strength , and so far prices are slowly creeping upward . 
  we have not left the eu yet ... 
  alright , it 's half our trade , it still applies . 
  the amount of money going on tarrifs to europe , compared to european tarrifs coming to us is far larger . 
  we only need a couple of per cent swing to cause massive recession just look at 2007 . 
  44 % of imports , 55 % of exports . 
  that is half our economy . 
  throw tariffs on that and we are screwed . 
  my bad , it 's 44 % , which of course puts us firmly in the drivers seat - . -, 
  yeah but the eu is 60 % of our trade . 
  at worst a single country gets a poor deal on about 10 % of theirs . 
  ah my apologies i miss interpreted what you meant . 
  i think the problem here is the people of gibraltar are now bargaining chips . 
  brexiters do n't give a shit about the people living there . 
  the gibraltans on the other hand voted almost unanimously to stay in the eu , and they are the ones who get fucked over . 
  give us a shit trade deal ... seriously this has been everywhere for a year now . 
  it 's possible i just got lucky , i guess it all depends on the headmaster . 
  i ca n't comment on this story but yes for me that is what they did . 
  presumably the parents screaming at the child is a strong message to stop , not to mention potentially being expelled if it continues . 
  yes , the first time was in junior school , they stopped after being suspended . 
  the second time was the same person in senior school and they stopped after being suspended . 
  so you do n't believe me yet complain you where told off for arguing ? 
  i do n't remember seeing that ever said . 
  be connected to france ... urg, 
  wait so the conversation went from someone asking if the uk would defend gibraltar to ` omg what are you going to do nuke berlin over brexit ' , and you accuse the uk of being radical ? 
  someone asked him . . how is that out of nowhere ? 
  i 've never really got that stereotype . 
  brits have colonised the us , canada , australia and nz not to mention sizable populations in south africa and a million islands world wide . 
  sex is really not something we shy away from . 
  unless you are teresa may of course and trying to ban nudity online . 
  i had someone suspended from 2 different schools for trying to bully me . 
  plenty of schools care about bullying . 
  ahh more people only reading the headline and not bothering to probe deeper . 
  it 's people like you who voted brexit because a bus told them to . 
  do you not know how european health insurance works ? 
  esperanto has been suggested for a long time but never really gained any traction ; as a universal language for europe i believe the time has gone , english is just too far spread at this point . 
  the swedish fellow who replied to may mad a great point about it being useful as a teaching language which looked like it had a lot of merit . 
  i do n't think either of us could say what the op had in mind when posting the thread though . 
  have you been on / r/europe recently ? 
  it 's been anti-uk for a while now to the point it 's less enjoyable browsing here than pre-brexit , emotions running high for everyone . 
  it starts to grate on the nerves you know !, 
  that is actually very interesting , almost comparable to learning basic programming languages before going onto the more complex ones . '', 
  several studies , such as that of helmar frank at the university of paderborn and the san marino international academy of sciences , have concluded that one year of esperanto in school , which produces an ability equivalent to what the average pupil reaches with european national languages after six to seven years of study , improves the ability of the pupil to learn a target language when compared to pupils who spent the entire time learning the target language . '', 
  that is one hell of a sentence !, 
  the only issue i could see is if the benefits would not come to bear depending on the amount of time someone spends learning . 
  with english however it would almost always be a lifelong thing so should be very beneficial . 
  makes you wonder why it 's not more prevalent . 
  perhaps but you risk putting people off learning english , which is detrimental to the eu . 
  there is n't really any benefit to learning esperanto over english other than ` it 's easy ' . 
  considering the base english already has however , and how quickly people pick it up due to the media , and online presence i ca n't see how it would be easier to roll out esperanto to the entire eu and achieve greater results than just continuing to learn english . 
  it 's a terrible idea , simply because it 's impractical . 
  all of europe already knows their own language so they can communicate with everyone in their own country . 
  half of europe already know or are learning english so they can communicate with the rest of europe and the rest of the trading world . 
  now you want them to dump english and learn a different language just so everyone can speak to one another which they can mostly already do with english , whilst simultaneously limiting their ability to speak with the rest of the world , much of whom uses english as the language of business ... not only does that make it a bad idea logically , it also just would n't work . 
  english is hands down the largest language globally . 
  mandarin and spanish have more naive speakers but that is n't important . 
  even if you keep learning english but also learn esperanto it could be damaging . 
  people wo n't want to learn that many languages , english works due to the huge influence in the media thanks to the likes of hollywood and the bbc . 
  esperanto has nada . 
  can you even see the picture ? 
  it looks like great britain , not like england . 
  well yeah , that 's a no brainer , but wanting does n't mean not willing to compromise , or even that they think it 's possible . 
  if you where polled to ask ` would you like money from the government each week ' a far higher percentage would say yes compared to ` should your neighbour get free money each week ' . 
  well it is is n't it . 
  if there has to be a tyrant better to be the larger group . 
  at least that way a higher percentage of people benefit . 
  some absolutely do , but i 've never seen anything to suggest it 's a sizable percentage . 
  they can , which is why people tend to be less anti-eu immigrants . 
  however there is a prevailing idea that it 's the eu setting the immigration control from the middle east and north africa . 
  except it clearly it . 
  not just maybe , but quite clearly , it 's the most recognisable part of great britain the hebrides and the peninsula from inverness upward . 
  ehh , again not really . 
  i do n't see many brexiters wanting freedom of movement for brits but not continentals , they just want it gone . 
  i guess following the traffic analogy it could be they want to drive on the roads but do n't like the laws about having to mot the car every year . 
  i really ca n't say i am looking forward to the upcoming few years , although it may bring some entertainment at least . 
  to be fair it 's very likely the immigration crisis pushed leave over to 50 % mark . 
  merkel was very outspoken about it , and very pro-immigration . 
  she is a great humanitarian , but her words led to a large increase many people object to , which is one reason the far right has grown substantially over the entire continent . 
  obviously she is n't all to blame , but her actions , whilst honourable could easily be argued where the straw that broke the camels back . 
  i love analogies as much as the next person but that is a crap one . 
  the uk is happy to pay , most brexiters just want lower immigration , it 's the changing demographics that have caused unrest and to be fair it 's not entirely unwarranted . 
  when your home starts to look and sound different it makes people uncomfortable , and it takes time to get used to ( hence why the older generations where more likely to vote leave ) i guess the closest analogy would be a club . 
  the uk just does n't want to be used as the clubhouse , but still wants to be part of the group . 
  although may seems to have taken the vote to mean ` sever all ties !,
