  brexit is occurring because voters voted out , not because government did . 
  voters voted out because all they see about the eu is failing after failing . 
  we as a collective failed , which is why there has been a sharp rise in anti-eu sentiment and why the far right is on the rise . 
  stop trying to blame the uk brexit is a direct result of eu wide failings , obviously the uk also had it 's 1/27th part in that but the total denial on this subreddit is staggering . 
  i was unsure , so used a variety to cover all my bases . 
  those problems are exactly why brexit happened , it 's never brought up otherwise . 
  ` blaming the eu for everything ' does n't mean anything , what issues are we supposed to be blaming on them ? 
  really ? 
  you think brexit happened through no fault of the eu ? 
  nothing to do with greece being treated like crap , nothing to do with the euro failing and the effect it had on the piigs , and nothing to do with the absolute failure that was the refugee crisis ? 
  none of that at all , the eu is clean , it 's just britain being a wanker ? 
  come on ... no-one is that deluded . 
  not literally the greek crisis , but the various crises ' are what turned the uk away from the eu . 
  it was n't just whim or some sense of self importance . 
  it was the media attention garnered from the greek crisis , euro crisis ad refugee crisis . 
  i 'm saying you have many more crises 's and others will leave as well . 
  did you miss brexit ? 
  it 's been all over the news recently . 
  this is a major change and scotland is still a country . 
  it 's not too much of a stretch for scotland/england/wales and ni to all have to agree to such drastic changes for them to go through . 
  how many greek crisis 's can the eu take before it crumbles ? 
  it 's already lost one member due to them . 
  congratulating ourselves ? 
  are we on the same subreddit , this place is overwhelmingly brits saying ` we are fucked ' , ` this is terrible ' , etc. 
  and europeans either laughing at us , or showing some sympathy . 
  i ca n't pretend to be an expert but the major points of contention for many people where : failure of the euro , it 's doing a lot better now but it 's not as strong as it should be and has been detrimental to some nations . 
  people talk of a real fiscal union to help fix it , but i 'm no economist . 
  secondly the treatment of greece/italy in regards to the immigration issues , they have huge issues with borders and are getting minimal assistance with it . 
  if the eu is supposed to be a common group we should as a group have offered naval assistance rather than dumping it on them . 
  thirdly the treatment of greece with it 's austerity , you do n't help an economy by cutting spending , that slows it down . 
  greece is in a shit state and from the outside it does n't look like the eu is actually helping . 
  fourthly merkels ` we welcome all refugees ' plan was from a humanitarian point of view absolutely wonderful . 
  from a social cohesion point of view it was fucking awful and did more to boost brexit than any other event i can think of . 
  i just want to clarify i am entirely pro remain , however the complete underestimation of the masses has gone to show you ca n't just ignore problems and hope people will see the logical side of things . 
  business wo n't stop of course , but tarrifs might pop up , which means other products/services become more favoured . 
  individual eu countries will take more of a hit than others depending on how much of their trade is linked to the uk , i 'd imagine the uk would suffer far worse though . 
  the tarrifs thing seems to be missed by most brexiters , thinking the remainers are being dramatic by claiming all our trade will go . 
  we do n't need a lot of services to be replaced by others to see a noticeable effect on jobs and gdp , which in turn will effect everything . 
  i 'm still hoping parliament/scotland manage to block this whole shit show , but it 's looking less and less likely by the minute ... : /, 
  the uk is far from being the only eu nation to have those things though . 
  once again , scapegoating . 
  ignoring the issues with the eu by trying to blame the uk . 
  same shit led to brexit by blaming everything on the eu , and it led to trump as well . 
  i 'm not a brexiter , even a little bit , so please do n't add in new topics of conversation and criticise me for it . 
  if we import things from germany though our money goes to germanys economy , if we stop buying from germany that money goes elsewhere . 
  obviously it goes bothways , but we where specifically talking about cars . 
  escape schengen and the euro ? 
  they are supposed to be good things , so either they are failing and the eu is n't doing very well , or they are succeeding and it 's not a bonus we are absent from them . 
  the rebate is there for a reason , it 's not like it was just a whim . 
  they do n't need to get cheaper they just need to drop in price relative to imports . 
  which they would if tarrifs where put in place . 
  if people want cars , they will get them . 
  if a british manufacturer is for some reason completely incapable of filling that niche then cars from somewhere else will , japan seems likely . 
  the uk does n't really lose out on that point , the money would just shift from going to germany to going to japan . 
  literally every country demands more and more , and how did you decide we have the best deal ? 
  it 's not just the uk though , it just gets focused on for some reason . 
  so there is now a niche market to fill ? 
  this level of denial is what led to brexit and trump . 
  the uk is not what is holding back the eu from being ` great again ' . 
  pretty much all of scandinavia and benelux are sceptical on further integration , it tends to be eastern europe that is pro federalisation . 
  ah , the old pretend the uk is the only issue with the eu . 
  that will turn out well in the end !, 
  sticking your head in the sand and attributing blame to the wrong target are exactly what led to brexit and trump . 
  you are supposed to learn from mistakes not just keep on making them . 
  the rise of the far-right and anti-eu sentiment across europe is n't due to the uk . 
  there are major issues with the eu that need to be addressed , and it was n't the uk stopping it . 
  i think he is just suggesting if every country theoretically changes their laws so the swedish definition of rape was used in court and in government statistics it would be beneficial for everyone involved . 
  but yeah , it wo n't happen . 
  for example in the uk a woman can not rape a man , she can still be charged with sexual assault and given the same sort of sentence a man would get , however the terminology is different for some reason . 
  cheaper than making our own ones . 
  smoking * i hope ... 
  jesus christ man . 
  he is suggesting the swedish definition of rape , should be used globally be every country . 
  he is n't saying there is already a global definition , he is n't suggesting it 's even possible , he is merely saying it would be a good idea as he approves of the definition sweden uses . 
  i do n't think you know what a metaphor is . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i think leaving would be terrible , but the eu can not stop us from going . 
  no thanks . 
  my name is wowwzy and i have never read a history book !, 
  that would be stupid for both sides . 
  how is that delusional ? 
  if we want to leave , we leave , we do n't need permissions , or agreement from anyone else , that is it . 
  the trade agreements are the part that take ages , not leaving the eu . 
  yeah , i 'll stick with the stockholm international peace research institute and the international institute for strategic studies rather than globalfirepower.com , which business insider got it 's information from . 
  achievement implies nothing of the sort it 's neutral , there is no negative achievement for bad things . 
  plus in some ways it absolutely is something to be proud of . 
  britain beat it 's equals and fought off invasion attempts in the process , it came with many despicable things attached of course . 
  as far as releasing colonies the uk again is one of the better colonisers . 
  the majority of them where given up without a fight and most are doing well , especially when compared to colonies from other colonisers . 
  our global influence is not just sucking up to the us , at all , it 's genuinely disappointing to see someone with such a low opinion of their home . 
  especially considering where they live . 
  another note the abolition of slavery was not only done after it stopped being profitable . 
  there was a very large campaign to end it at home based on humanitarian reasons . 
  the campaign was so successful britain actually gave away territory , and even paid countries to end slavery . 
  it then used the royal navy to forcibly end the transport of slaves . 
  that costs a lot of money , not saves it . 
  slavery remained popular in places like the us because it was profitable . 
  cheer up a bit !, 
  we are n't perfect by a long shot , but you live in a mostly good country that has done a lot for the world . 
  stop focusing on the bad points .
