  you missed the right mind part . 
  do they need to as a corpse ? 
  supposedly the british isles if properly setup could feed nearly half a billion people , europe can sustain a far larger population if it wanted to . 
  it just would n't be particularly comfortable . 
  junior partner my arse . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by based as fuck so i will have to assume you do n't agree with that statement . 
  mi6 and other security agencies repeatedly told the fbi of plans to fly a plane into the twin towers , yet on that day almost all the air defence was staging a practice hostage situation elsewhere in the country . 
  it meant when the actual call came out most of them thought it was part of the drill . 
  little surprise there are conspiracy theories . 
  practice , plus if it 's fast enough it lets them know they ca n't fly planes over here so there is literally no point trying at a later date . 
  the average population does n't always use protection it 's that simple . 
  even if just a few people have one night stands without it and catch something that is the average going down . 
  oral sex with a condom is very uncommon outside of the sex industry and check-ups are really not done enough by most people . 
  when your job depends on being clean ( they can earn a hell of a lot too ) , you can bet they will be fastidious about it . 
  of course there are non-regulated girls which is probably what you are thinking about . 
  '' spoiler alert - it has to pass referendum '' has to is n't exactly open to interpretation . 
  i think you mis-read my comment . 
  i 'm not saying aussies are dirty , i 'm saying their prostitutes are clean . 
  when it 's your job and it 's regulated you take a lot of precautions . 
  all sex including oral is covered , weekly checkups , etc. 
  the average population does n't do those things . 
  no ... they are british by some standards . 
  all standards would mean born there , raised there , and ethnically british too . 
  in countries like the netherlands and australia ` working girls ' are on average cleaner than the rest of the population . 
  sorry , i was just trying to be funny . 
  i 'm think it would be fine , if anything it 's a compliment . 
  though if you are an american trying to be scottish you may run into some less than amused faces !, 
  i absolutely hate trousers , if i could wear a kilt i would but sadly due to the 1988 cultural enforcement act it 's actually illegal for an englishman to wear a kilt unless they are at a wedding . 
  got naked and ran around in the woods once , but there was only our group so we figured it was okay ... last time i was in amsterdam some guy was walking around wearing nothing but a pair of pants , and a full body stocking covering everything else , topped with a massive wig and using a megaphone to shout at people . 
  it was depressing how easy it was to tell he was a brit without even having to hear him . 
  they even screw me over !, 
  some barmen in amsterdam would n't let brits open a tab due to some arseholes just running off without paying . 
  unfortunately one guy did let us , and after getting waaay too intoxicated we left a 250 euro tip . 
  did n't find that quite as funny the next day when i could n't afford food , still a great evening though . 
  some incredibly drunk finnish couple came in so we sat at the bar talking about traveling , until his wife slipped off the chair . 
  the lower the crime rate the less it matters what people carry around . 
  i 've been screamed at by a chavvy woman for not moving far enough out of the way once , she had a wheel of her pushchair go into some slush . 
  dumb arses like that do n't need access to pepper spray , knives , guns , tasers or anything else designed to incapacitate . 
  oh well if it helped one person once , then that negates all the negative side effects !, 
  you can defend literally anything by finding one example where it was beneficial . 
  you pro everyone carrying around shotguns too ? 
  i 'm fine with people not being allowed to carry around pepper spray . 
  worked so far . 
  why ? 
  depends i suppose , met a 14 year old who i thought was around 20 . 
  jaw actually dropped when she told me . 
  southern england , the issue i think is my surname is unique and was just made up at some point , we think for said orphan . 
  presumably there are other names to follow but i would have to ask my grandfather who has been doing the research . 
  i never said what they are doing is helping , merely that they think they are . 
  being misguided/idiotic does n't make you scum , it just makes you an idiot . 
  i do n't agree with them at all , but you ca n't deny they are trying to help people , that is pretty much the definition of nice . 
  you seriously think someone who is trying to get people out of a shit hole and into a nicer place is scum ? 
  come on , get a grip . 
  motive plays a huge role in the legal system whether you like it or not . 
  murder can be reduced to manslaughter in cases of extreme emotion , theft to nothing if stealing out of desperation , etc. 
  you absolutely have to take into account why someone is doing something , if you do n't it 's impossible to rehabilitate and they will just commit the same crimes again when they get out . 
  i think punishing someone based on your assumptions of how they would act in a totally unrelated situation is borderline insane . 
  it 's kind of going too far , to the point people are pretending your ancestry is just uninteresting . 
  i do n't think that is true , your ancestry is a history of why your life is as it is . 
  so far we have managed to get one branch of the tree to 1640ish , and it ends at an orphan . 
  best guess is parents killed during the civil war . 
  we are not talking about other cases though , i ca n't see many arguing no punishment for those killing . 
  nah , i do n't believe that for a second . 
  they are like the retarded anti-gmo crowd . 
  they think they are doing the right thing . 
  yeah , those things are comparable - . -, 
  it 's not an excuse but it 's also not cause to lock someone away for life . 
  they think they are helping and doing the right thing . 
  you do n't imprison people for life for being nice albeit very naive people . 
  it 's really simple . 
  as a defense mechanism we form strong bonds with those we trust , the strongest with our family , then friends , then neighborhood/village/country , etc. 
  you are emotionally connected to your country as it 's beneficial in a society for everyone to want to stick together , it helps the society stay safe from outsiders . 
  oh well , now i know exactly what it was like being in the wwi trenches . 
  then we need media and ` nation ' wide links . 
  an eu version of hollywood , or the bbc would be a good start . 
  more eu events , is there a european version of the olympics ? 
  eurovision is a start , we need more things like that . 
  continent wide collaboration , the esa is nice but non-official and not really bragged about . 
  how about a collective of human intelligence housed in europe , like a wikipaedia but built to teach and actually funded . 
  so if you had to you could learn ` everything ' by accessing this hive of information . 
  haha !, 
  you love us !, 
  i think there is a strong causation , europeans fighting caused a lot of war over the years . 
  i think there is a difference between nationalism and patriotism . 
  i 'm fairly proud of my country and want the best for it , but i think abstaining from criticism is the opposite . 
  the germans literally used broom handles instead of guns during some drills ... sounds like slacking to me . 
  most of those where euiv style . 
  just sit back and cheer , hoping your allies and enemies beat the crap out of one another to both be weakened . 
  maintaining territory on the continent would have required a far larger standing army . 
  the british army has always prided itself on being exceptional but never huge . 
  still managed to smash up the french in iberia and halt the germans in wwi , despite being a fraction of the size . 
  it might be , but at the same time it may still be a minority , we remember the negatives vividly and the nice ones get over shadowed . 
  it might just feel like 90 % , or perhaps it just is , i wo n't pretend to know . 
  ` uuuuuge ... tracks o ' land !, 
  i 'm a big fan of the countryside , and they are often easy to commute to , if you find a town/village with a train station . 
  well no-one will miss newcastle , manchester and liverpool but some places are nice !, 
  bath , winchester , london to an extent . 
  so is germany though so no fear of being sandwiched . 
  the country still is , it 's the cities that suck . 
  germany , poland and the uk all bordering russia .
