  not without reason of course . 
  i never said germany sent aid , i said sweden did . 
  what failings ? 
  the uk never bombed finland , they declared war out of nessecity but never followed it through . 
  similar to the anglo-swedish war . 
  i do n't get what your first sentence has to do with anything . 
  you are quite right though i should not have said they did n't help . 
  they did n't officialy help but lots of matierals ` got lost ' and many people volunteered to fight . 
  as for britain only caring about ore fields , lets not pretend sweden gave much of a crap either . 
  they where worried about russia and wanted to do what they could to prevent sweden getting invaded . 
  why do we ? 
  we have the capability to transport helicopters , we have the most advanced anti-aircraft ships in the world and a good sized navy . 
  even if argentina teleported into the falklands , and all the british soldiers teleported out , they would n't be able to hold it as they wo n't have air superority . 
  ah my bad . 
  [ france and britain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco%e2%80%93british_plans_for_intervention_in_the_winter_war ) tried to help finland actually , but the plan was blocked by norway and sweden out of fear of german retaliation . 
  they also backed finland fighting and not surrendering with unfavourable terms ( unlike sweden and germany ) , and offered men . 
  the expectation was russia would continue into sweden so most troops where to be stationed in sweden as a defensive line similar to the one in france . 
  the swedes did n't help in the winter war . 
  like norway they blocked millitary access to britain and france preventing any reinforcements coming . 
  they did n't want to piss off germany . 
  even if they where captured we do n't need a carrier to get them back . 
  bet there are no arseholes in america at all . 
  ah , i was n't trying to be rude to him . 
  we do tend to make a too few many jew comments . . got told off by an american friend . 
  it 's meant to be a joke based on ridiculous sterotypes but it they can come off as racist if you don ; t know the person making them well enough . 
  quite a few brits ( and aussies if you have ever been there ) mock as a way of affection , you mock back they like you , you do n't they think you are a little odd . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  well you said you are american , and most americans are of anglo/german/irish descent . 
  if you are not then you may just be experiencing good old fashioned racism with a bit of anti-americanism throw on top for good measure . 
  americans are not ` taking out jobs ' , they are just disliked for other reasons . 
  it 's like saying hating ginger people is the same as hating foreigners . 
  firstly i never said anything of the sort . 
  but my ill explained point was as an american you are not thought of as a foreigner in the same way someone european is . 
  many people have gripes with the us for various reasons , some well founded others , less so ( none of which however are reasons for rudeness to tourists ) . 
  the ' i hate foreigners ' rhetoric is usually aimed at people noticeable different , for example different languages , or colours/races . 
  as an american you are closer to say australians or canadians , pretty similar just further away . 
  there are not swarms of americans ` taking our jobs ' . 
  so dirty looks are probably due to you specifically being american , rather than just being ' a foreigner ' , if that made any sense . 
  that is n't for being a foreigner though , it 's for being american . 
  separate type of prejudice . 
  mines free , not sure it is supposed to be but i have never had a water bill . 
  it was also free in my last few houses but they where student places so i think the landlord covers it . 
  only geographically and i do n't think that should be an issue . 
  animals !, 
  we would never do something like that . 
  well quite , we did a trip to spain once during school and all we ( tried ) to talk about with the locals was spiderman , and which side of the car the steering wheel is on . 
  not quite the ` which way to the train station ? ', 
  we had been taught . 
  fork through both buns and a bit of burger . 
  does often end up with a mismatched burger/bun ratio by the end , but beats getting beef juice all over my hands . 
  as executivemonkey said , eat it like a cake , slice at a time !, 
  as for the hot dog , i usually go for part of the bun with a bit of sausage/chilli on . 
  i find the ratios of meat/bun too heavily weighted to the bun usually . 
  what is wrong with eating a hot dog with a knife and fork ? 
  i do it with pizza and burgers too . 
  it 's not a continent but you have the middle east , the steppe and europe all meeting together . 
  crimea was invaded , how is that no violence ? 
  i mean 50 % of the global market , in the uk left hand drives are incredibly rare . 
  think i have seen one and it had netherland plates . 
  just checked and it 's only 35 % of the globe who drives on the left . 
  forgot about china who switched in the mid 40 's . 
  or we could just stick stickers on the lights like we do now . 
  why fix what ai n't broke ? 
  of course it is possible , but i do n't see it happening for a looooong time . 
  not until the right hand drive market is gone . 
  which will be a while considering it makes up just shy of 50 % of the car market . 
  sweden is connected to the mainland and had loads of left hand drive vehicles coming in , we do n't . 
  the market for right hand drive is huge and shows no sign of disappearing . 
  oh i do n't know , because even without the us it 's the most widely spoken language ? 
  although it may be behind spanish . 
  not to mention due to the british empire , trade abroad was often conducted in english , more so than french and way more than german . 
  the only options would be french , german , english or spanish . 
  english is the better choice due to the number of speakers outside the eu . 
  better business language . 
  my friend went to a sandwhich bar in france and just says ` jambon please mate ' . 
  pronounced with a heavy j in a slight west country accent . 
  not surprised france gets annoyed !, 
  teachers can shout and try to encourage kids all they want . 
  but learning a foreign language at a young age meant literally nothing to me . 
  it was a total waste of a gcse . 
  the only one i failed . 
  what purpose does a 15 year old have to learn spanish ? 
  there is no tv to watch , spaniards to talk to , very little music to listen to . 
  ergo it turned into a joke . 
  of course i now regret that but it does n't change the fact kids do n't want to learn . 
  i started at 5 , in 1994 . 
  all our roads would be wrong , they would all need repainting , roundabouts need rebuilding , traffic lights realigning , etc. 
  total pain in the arse for no gain . 
  you are slightly more observant and as most people are right handed ( and right eyed ) it means you see things coming slightly more . 
  the net result is marginally safer , and i do mean marginally . 
  more to the point though , we wo n't change . 
  everyone else changed thanks to napoleon , or the us . 
  the left is the default side to drive on , makes little sense to change now . 
  peanuts or pork scratchings are sometimes seen . 
  i have some reading to do !, 
  it was never covered in much detail during my schooling . 
  looks rather . . um ... right wing . 
  hey !, 
  the union jack is the best looking flag on the planet , why do you think so many other countries have it on their flag too ? 
  that is how i have always been taught it .
