  a lot of our tv is downright brilliant and i really have to qualms about the women . 
  clearly you live in the shite parts of the uk . 
  well the whole purpose of a language is to communicate with other people , somewhat pointless to learn if you only open up 58 people all of whom also speak english . 
  but yea , it is sad it 's one more little bit of culture drifting away into the history books . 
  irish/welsh and scots all speak english as a first language ... not to mention london is ( apart from the irish ) their capital to . 
  i hate it when people say america saved europe , that strongly implies they did it by themselves which is massivley insulting to the thousands of french/poles/britons / canadians etc. 
  that died fighting . 
  yes the us helped , a lot . 
  however they where also responsible for double/trebling the allied deathcount in italy and had they joined in sooner like everyone else many many lives would have been saved . 
  wwii was won by the incredible actions of the resistance , the polish and british enigma cracking , some lucky geography and serious input from britain , and of course then big player in the field russia . 
  who lost millions of soldiers yet still pushed back the axis . 
  that said we are of course forever greatful for the eventual assistance , i do n't think d-day landings could have happened without the extra troops and the push back into germany may have proven too difficult . 
  lucky corns being called welsh . 
  i used to get hit if i really made my parents angry . 
  it taught me not to get my parents angry . 
  seems like a fairly good lesson ... 
  i have honestly not checked . 
  i found out the qe thing on a set of cards about kings and queens from some national heritage site . 
  though now you mention it i do n't ever recall hearing of a william i of scotland . 
  well if you enjoy royal trivia here is one . 
  qeii is technically queen elizabeth the first . 
  as the first elizabeth was queen of only england , and qeii is the first elizabeth to be queen of england and scotland . 
  i have heard he will change his name . 
  i guess to either edward or george . 
  it 's simple , the queen stays in power because we let her . 
  no other reason . 
  she makes us money , gives us titles , lets us put the word royal in front of everything . 
  if she starts sticking her nose into things we do n't like she gets abolished . 
  she has to be good for the state or she leaves . 
  i was trying to stay away from the old guns and healthcare for fear of sounding like a broken record !, 
  i think someone of equal wealth who is n't monarch would probably enjoy it more . 
  being in the limelight constantly must get really irritating after a while . 
  they are people who do n't have to lie and cajoule to stay in power . 
  all they have to do is stay popular by not lying , as they do n't create laws they can not lose favour from crushing the economy and pissing people off . 
  well historically charles has not been the most fortunate name ... 
  have to love france , they protest everything they object to . 
  then when something they like comes along they take to the streets again . 
  having been to sweeden and getting laughed at every single time i tried to pronounce anything , i hate you all . 
  ( sort of ) ( okay not really , but stop laughing , that also applied to the dutch and greek ), 
  i think we both know everyone will ignore you . 
  the us already stands out as being the strange one who : does n't use the metric system , does n't know how to write the date , does n't know that socialist ideas are not satanic and probbaly some other things but i just woke up . 
  at work i deal with window film , we order it in from the us and they use godamn inches !, 
  the worst part the film thichness is written in ` mil 's . 
  after a huge amount of cofusing trying to figure out why they where advertising this thin piece of film as 4 millimeters thick i found out a mil is 1000th of an inch . 
  so we have to convert everything , which then makes it impossible for customers to search for the actual product . 
  i have a dongle , it 's actually not bad . 
  portable unlimited internet !, 
  ` bet ' is rather a dumb choice of term . 
  projects like this may aim for something but even if they do n't suceed the amount of information uncovered will without doubt be of help somewhere . 
  surely it 's a trick question . 
  the only correct answer being ' i belive i can be greater than everyone else , i just hav n't got around to doing it yet ' . 
  you know thats why you vote for a different party that does represent your views ? 
  short of having an internet discussion with the entire country we have to have representatives . 
  it 's flat out impossible to hear the view of 62 million people and take them into account . 
  i have heard two theories on that front . 
  number 1 - african 's have an extra muscle in their foot that makes a difference ( never seen any proof of this ) , number 2 - african athletes train at a higher altitude this gives them a higher blood count which makes it easier to oxygenate the muscles . 
  huh . . of course that money has to be coming from somewhere but seeing as it 's in both france and the uk 's best interest to keep it i can why there are arguments, 
  i assume in exchange for something ? 
  agreeing on the cap ? 
  ehh ... we lost the colonies but flattened france and if i remember correctly stole a bunch of colonies from them in the process . 
  i do n't suppose you can explain how the rebate works ? 
  i do n't get the point in it , surely just paying less achieves the same thing . 
  people are worried about detatchment . 
  if you just shot a kid thats a physcological strain and you will try not to do it again . 
  if you can not see the result apart from a white figure on a camera people stop caring . 
  shooting someone in a video game is if anythign funny not horrifying . 
  the best part is there is two mercias !, 
  there is another in spain , though i have never been there . 
  gone alone and less efficient are different things . 
  that quote as is , makes it sound like the french could have done better if they had been doing their part by themselves under their own command structure . 
  which makes sense . 
  did n't work as hard ? 
  my god the arrogance . 
  you think everyone earning less money than you is in that position because they are lazy ? 
  like hell , people can only earn a lot of money by preventing others from doing so . 
  the world does n't work like one giant stone mine , where whoever mines the most stuff gets rich faster . 
  buisnesses work by crushing others , undercutting , cutting corners , abusing connections . 
  it 's easier to setup buisnesses if you have somewhere to start , and know people who can help . 
  it 's not 75 % of their money it 's 75 % of earnings over a certain amount !, 
  on top of that most companies just buy stuff before the year ends to lower their profit , expand their company and pay less tax . 
  how did they get those goods ? 
  the other countries gifted them ? 
  it 's only 75 % of income over 1 million . 
  if they are paying 40 % like other high earners they need to be making a total of 1.4 million a year . 
  after that each euro they earn is taked at 75 % . 
  75 % is a lot but when you are earning that much money it 's hardly the difference between buying a house or staying at home with your parents . 
  i honestly could not say , getting people to spend money is very important , but that money also needs to be spread around . 
  it 's the countries wealth . 
  you can not make a penny without the country helping in some way . 
  if you have a lot of money , it 's because you have a larger percentage of the countries wealth . 
  if you are a good buisness man you can make the country more money . 
  thats great !, 
  should you get to keep it all ? 
  hell no , you can only make that money due to the country , anyone who earns a lot owes the country . 
  we are happy , it was a good choice . 
  god knows how screwed we would be if we where in the euro ... 
  it 's not punishment . 
  the super rich have a huge amount of the countries wealth locked up , and the country needs some back . 
  you get super rich off the backs of everyone else in the country , expecting you to pay tax is hardly stealing . 
  the more money you make , the more tax you pay .
