no , we want a strong russia to trade with , however there is n't really much of an alternative . 
  either sanctions or let russia run rampant through non nato countries . 
  that says more about the us than it does about the eu to be honest . 
  if russia starts moving troops toward the baltic borders nato will respond in kind . 
  the days of surprise invasions are pretty much over , especially when everyone is on their toes . 
  go back to russia you sausage eating frog !, 
  they do n't think migrants are bad because they take jobs . 
  they think migrants are bad because they are sick of foreign shops appearing everywhere , and everyone you speak too having a foreign accent . 
  the ` they took our jobs ! ', 
  rhetoric is just an excuse to cover up the actual reason . 
  personally i quite like having a polish delacatessen around the corner , and the biggest culture clashes come from immigrants from outside europe . 
  i can see why people get upity though , just wish they would n't . 
  builders however really do hate poles due to the jobs thing . 
  poles work harder , for longer and for less . 
  you could say suck it up and work harder , but as a society we should n't be trying to encourage people to work more , we do n't want to be the us . 
  work to live , do n't live to work , foreign competition makes it much harder in that specific sector . 
  i hear china is working hard to drop emmissions , however when i was there you could n't see the mountains due to the smog . 
  if darwin is anything to shout about , the chinese will survive us all without any doubt . 
  everyone stared at me whilst i was in beijing , even the airport . 
  although that may have been , in part , due to the rice paddy had i was wearing . 
  my boss in aus was a german-iranian . 
  so the local aussies where calling him ossama bin hitler . 
  it was a joke of course , but wow . 
  so i should adopt an american accent whilst being served then switch back once the food has arrived ? 
  i 'm not tipping , get stuffed . 
  so many italian pow 's where captured in north africa they had to drive themselves to the pow camps . 
  if that does n't scream ` we do n't want to be here ' , i do n't know what does . 
  that does n't make sense , if i live in a multiracial society and it 's working fine , the clearly there is n't an iq disparity based on race alone . 
  the iq divides are based around social standing and education levels , which are mostly to do with wealth not race . 
  same with gypsies , their low iq ( if there is indeed one ) , is due to the way of life , low education and societal practices not race . 
  `` the usa is one of the least racist countries on earth '' what ? 
  the us is awful for racism , so bad their black population has created it 's own identity to stand out . 
  slavery is the root cause , but it 's the years of oppression afterward that has caused the problems . 
  it 's certainly getting better but the fact remains the serious racism in the past is what pushed the black population into the situation they are in today . 
  you will notice we do n't have the same problems in the uk/canada , etc. 
  i do n't know enough about your ancestors to pass comment , but it 's not the same situation regardless . 
  i do n't see any information regarding the actual education in that test , schooling is very important of course as is diet . 
  i would assume the family would provide equal food/education to both races , however that does n't account for the environment in the school . 
  how are they treated in school , are they equally encouraged ? 
  are they treated the same by school mates ? 
  i am not going to make massive assumptions based on a 40 year old study . 
  it just does n't make sense for their iq to drop based on genetics . 
  our heavy reliance on carbohydrates is actually not great for us . 
  it accelerates glycolysis which creates age ( advanced glycation end-product ) proteins . 
  these are responsible for clogging up your organs and muscles making them stiff and causing you to die . 
  of course they are natural by products of necessary metabolic processes but we do n't have to help it along . 
  carbs are great for energy though , which helped massively during times of famine , at the moment though we still consume the same amount , plus loads of other things . 
  that seems unlikely , seeing as europe is a collection of nearly 50 countries . 
  ca n't imagine them all deciding to do the same thing . 
  that is just bollocks , their social-economic standing and cultural problems are blatantly tied to their history . 
  soul food is as it is , due to historical availability , and there are more black ghettos than white because getting a job as a black person used to be a hell of a lot harder . 
  there is no good evidence to show any race raised in a healthy environment has a higher of lower iq , what evidence there is shows a difference of a few iq points not a whopping 15 . 
  common stereotypes tell me that germans eat sausages and bread , both of which lead to shorter life expectancies . 
  perhaps spaniards have a more seafood/veg based diet ? 
  russia is in europe ... 
  it 's more than the uk has been in resession and is just started to recover . 
  people do n't want to see the money they just sacrificed for dissapearing . 
  yes , other places are worse off . 
  no , the average person does n't care . 
  the average person has less disposable income than they ever have , they finally get some and it appears to be going to someone else . 
  even if it 's perfectly legal , you must be able to see why people are pissed off . 
  young people can not get on the housing market at the moment , that is a problem with the housing market itself , but people see it as ` i 'm not earning enough ' . 
  wages are at an all time low , food is very expensive ( for example pasta is over double the price it was , whilst i was at uni 7 years ago ) , electricity is very expensive . 
  people are getting pissed off . 
  we are used to living comfortably and anything that gets in the way of that will obviously anger people , regardless of the intent behind it . 
  no-one cares how poor other people are , they care about themselves and how their lives compared to how they used to be . 
  i do n't want cuts to public spending because greece is poor , any more than i want cuts to public spending because there are people in ethiopia who can not eat . 
  well golf can be cheap . 
  being part of a golf club , yes it 's rather an upper middle/upper class thing , however golf itself is easy enough to get into . 
  get a few clubs and a bag and you are good to go . 
  plenty of courses out there , that do n't require membership . 
  golf is chronically middle class , at least in the uk , ca n't speak for spain . 
  the enlightenment was started in many places , yes , including france but also in scotland and with the principa mathimatica . 
  that was badly worded on my part . 
  calculus is agreed to have been independently discovered by both newton and leibnitz . 
  1/3 of the worlds population uses common law , no other legal system from a common source has such a huge following , the sheer size of the empire is why britain has so much influence . 
  even today the uk ranks 2nd in soft power ( it was first until a couple of years ago , when germany took the top spot ) . 
  the most important aspect of influence is probably language though , english is shaping up to be the global language . 
   you do n't mean much to europe either i literally just responded to it . 
  possibly the romans as they where the foundation of much of europe , but france and spain ? 
  not even nearly . 
  the reason i say britain is firstly the empire , secondly the creation of the commonwealth and the us . 
  on top of that london is the worlds financial capital , english is the worlds business language ( also the language of the air ) , it 's the biggest second language in the world , and is set to be the main language across the eu and the us , possibly even india . 
  half the world uses our legal system , britain spawned the enlightenment , and the industrial revolution . 
  spawned scientists who discovered calculus , newtonian physics , penicillin , evolution , the jet , the world wide web , and thousands of other things . 
  i am sure you can list the same sort of things for other countries too though . 
  i hope you do n't mind me disagreeing on one point , but the ancestry of the usa is rather more murky . 
  german for example is the most reported ancestry , but if you look at the immigration record and the base population at time of recording it 's highly likely the largest ancestry group is from the uk . 
  although of course , most people have several ancestries not just the one , the further you travel backward . 
  i know it 's not taxable , but i was under the impression you still had to file regardless . 
  i apologise if that was wrong . 
  they are though . 
  i have lived in aus and there are more similarities between myself and most aussies i met , than between myself and a scot . 
  i said , arguably . 
  i can not think of another country , yet , that has had more of a global impact . 
  simply because the usa has been isolated in a way very different from the rest of the anglosphere . 
  the commonwealth for the most part has always been quite similar and faced the same troubles . 
  the us on the other had has a slightly different path . 
  the end result is a nation of europeans with a very different outlook on life ( or at least that is how it seems from the outside looking in ) . 
  combined with the sheer numbers of americans and i would classify them as a separate entity .
