  could n't read it ? 
  studies show it 's possible to read sentances where only the first and last letters of each word are correct , the middle ones are jumbled . 
  it 's only carnivore liver that causes hypervitaminosis . 
  the liver stores vitamin a , carivores eat livers so all that vitamin a has to be stored , making carnivore livers highly toxic . 
  pigs are capable of playing computer games . 
  not mario or anything but their intelligence is very high as well . 
  well thats what i meant . 
  livers contain large quantities of vitamin a , carnivore livers contain huge quantities of vitamin a. 
  eating them too often can easily give you hypervitaminosis which causes weird bone growth , your nails and hair fall out , and you die . 
  eating one liver probably wo n't do you much harm , but a few polar explorers have died from eating their huskys in an emergency . 
  americans are against eating reindeer ? 
  they shoot and eat antelope and deer all the time . 
  people get offended at the idea of eating something cute , or smart . 
  i suggested that dolphin might be tasty to someone and was shouted at for a good 10 mins . 
  that would make more sense . 
  the idea of opportunistic eating of dogs and cats in a european country seems bizzare to me . 
  i have this image of a guy walking back from the supermarket with a steak and some rice crispies in a bag . 
  seeing a dog , and thinking it would go great with some onion rings and breadsauce . 
  that or she raises some seriouly smart goats . 
  doubt it , my mother only sleeps with people who know how to spell . 
  the only downsides to eating carnivores is the massive energy loss , and the fact that eating their livers will kill you . 
  he did find an english version and some guy was complaining about it . 
  we had our religious wars , we got over it . 
  religion is leaving , we do n't need another one . 
  i think of it this way . 
  imagine how stupid the average person is . 
  then remember , half are dumber than that . 
  of course being dumb does n't make you a bad person or anything so it 's not nessecarily a problem . 
  so whats the solution ? 
  i am not learning german just to read a news article . 
  because no-one else will . 
  he never writes anymore , i had no idea he had moved . 
  well although the data is up to date , perhaps they have just not bothered recoding the european map . 
  i mean it is a ufo statistic , how much funding can be going to it . 
  what are you talking about the eastern bloc is renowned for being permenantly drunk on vodka , the irish on beer and everyone knows the sweedes can not drink yet not many sightings . 
  i would say it correlates with population but germany is oddly scant ... 
  it says 2006 in the corner . 
  mostly around major cities which is interesting , perhaps light pollution causes aircraft/satellites to look slightly different in certain light . 
  great my country is the most batty . 
  on the plus side the french are close which makes me feel a lot better . 
  yea , i presonally prefer the 7 continent approach . 
  they are taught as one continent in some palces . 
  so if eurasia , and even afro-eurasia . 
  there is no set definition of a continent . 
  buddy everyone knows god is english . 
  the only foreign films i have watched are usually scandinavian , one french film and thats it . 
  they just do n't make it onto the cinema screen . 
  would n't count on it . 
  we kinda killed/abolished most of our catholics , but i am sure there is someone somewhere in the country who went . 
  no , i expect to get information telling me it exists so i can then go and read up on it . 
  perhaps we did get reading materials through the post , unfortunatly i can not remember , we got so much junk mail anything that was n't a sealed letter got bined . 
  thats a terrible argument , these things are huge and have to be advertised . 
  i could have looked up av had i known about it , the first time i heard of av was after the vote when my brother asked me if i voted in favour . 
  it 's hard to look up information when you do n't know you are supposed to be looking for it . 
  see there is a problem with this . 
  if britain leaves the eu bad things happen . 
  how many countries are putting into the eu and how many are taking out ? 
  the eu is already in economic meltdown if britain leaves it will essentially take the eu with it , or at the very least leave it in a far worse position than it already is . 
  i do n't want us to leave , i think our place is in the eu with the rest of europe , but it 's the duty of the pm to get the best out of a situation for his country , you can not say he is n't trying . 
  probably because it was n't . 
  everyone played their part , the soviets shed huge amounts of blood and arguably played the biggest role but that does n't deminish the other players parts . 
  had britain fallen as quickly as the rest of europe there would have been no stage to launch a counter offensive , and all those troops would have pummled into russia likely changing the tide at stalingrad and ending the war with germany owning everything . 
  that said , the chant is pathetic and anyone saying it deserves a slap . 
  fuck off ` germany ' being told what to do by other people is the number 1 issue for anti-eu voters . 
  how is this helping ? 
  perhaps , but as we are the target audience any major change to the voting system should be properly advertised and it was n't . 
  things like av affect the entire country in a huge way , yet oddly i was no bill boards , tv adverts or even magazine postings . 
  not a statistically significant sample no , but students are a heafty voting pool and i only know one person who even knows what av is . 
  my point was most people at uni i talked to had no clue what it was , you can not have a vote on a new system if no-one knows what it is . 
  please tell me that last sentance is a reference to a certain incredible comedy . 
  well i read the news a fair bit and had no idea what the av system was until after the vote . 
  not to belittle german achievement ( if that is not too offensive ) but the american war of independance pitted britain against , the us , france , spain and the dutch . 
  the end result was 13 colonies lost , but france , spain and the netherlands flattened and the british empire free to do whatever they pleased . 
  as the chap with lots of numbers in his name said , we do n't actually hate them , germans or french ( well some people do but they can sod off ) . 
  we just have rather a long history of bashing one anothers brains in , so we enjoy the rivalry and taking the mick as much as possible . 
  personally i view them as a sibling . 
  we can take the mick and hit them , if anyone else does it damnit we fight by their sde . 
  you want it even more effective ? 
  get the french to do it . 
  for some reason we eat turkey at christmas , goose used to be the most popular choice but due to a turkey being bigger people latched onto that ( despite the fact it tastes no where near as good , there is a reason we only eat them once a year ! ) . 
  food overall though is in my opinion the best part of christmas . 
  first the meat , either a turkey or sometimes a roast of some description , then thousands of crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside roast potatoes ( if there are not thousands you are doing it wrong ) , loads of stuffing ( preferably sage and onion but others are appropriate ) , pigs-in-blankets ( sausages wrapped in bacon ) lots of these and perhaps even some nice large yorkshire puddings . 
  finally the veg ; roast parsnips , steamed carrots , tureens of peas and runner beans , maybe some cabbage and i suppose if you like that sort of thing some broccoli . 
  top this all off with gallons of bread sauce , cranbury sauce and enough gravy to drown a goat . 
  edit : oh sorry that says christmas eve , ignore me !, 
  normally we just get a curry and watch zulu , nothing says happy christmas like watching africans getting shot apparently . 
  daft debate , everyone knows tea is superior . 
  clearly people are buying them , or they would not put the stuff on the front page . 
  you are going to have so much egg on your face when it turns out that all the worlds gays are in on one big conspiracy to destroy traditional marriage !, 
  i could see this being present in an episode of metalocalypse . 
  i meant the country not the geographical entity . 
  well i doubt the uk would recognise ireland if they officially changed name to britain . 
  seriously ... leave lindisfarne alone . 
  the best part being that ireland will be an island at last . 
  seems fai ... . wait a minute . 
  what the . . 
  whaa ?!? 
  must be a multiplayer right ? 
  cornwall and wales , i guess teaming up could jump a seriously crippled england . 
  then colonise near inca and let them westernise .
