  if people protested every bad action by another nation against it 's own people no-one would ever go home . 
  if the falklands had a vote to join argentina then so be it . 
  if however argentina invade , then a referendum is held it 's a problem . 
  even if the result would be the same . 
  you ca n't just take over some of a country then have a vote that is n't recognised or witnessed by the international community and expect people to accept it . 
  hence why i would suggesting the same vote but this time without russian interference . 
  if the vote was fair as people insist it was , then there is nothing to lose . 
  you did n't read what i wrote . 
  plus ` the west ' is n't a unified thing . 
  the eu is sanctioning russia , iraq was the us/uk and minor involvement from poland/australia . 
  i 'm sure poland would enjoy being called western but i have to ask what ukraine did to deserve being invaded as a response . 
  international law was n't violated to my knowledge . 
  i 've been having a look but my lunch break is up . 
  it looks like it was un sanctioned under resolution 1441 . 
  either way , if you think russia invading crimea was some sort of humanitarian operation to punish ` the west ' you are deluded . 
  firstly , two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  secondly no the west does not normally invade and annex parts of countries , that has not happened for a long , long time . 
  the actions in iraq where disgusting and generated the largest protests in british history and us ( i think ) , but it does n't suddenly make it fine for russia to just walk into someones country and take bits of it . 
  ukraine is n't part of russia last time i checked , it 's none of their business if they have a revolution or not . 
  i suppose a compromise could be reached , whereby russia pulls out completely under conditions that crimea gets a legitimate referendum the result of which both parties acknowledge as final . 
  it should take place under international scrutiny , as invading a nation to force a referendum is clearly not a standard we want to set . 
  what are they walking ? 
  i can fly from london to adelaide in about a day then drive to uluru in another day ( literally all day though ) . 
  it does not take 10 days from adelaide to the remote parts of the outback . 
  not really , this is n't weed or alcohol . 
  tanks are illegal it does n't mean demand has dramatically increased . 
  just because something is illegal does n't mean people suddenly want it . 
  not to mention when it comes to guns it 's already been shown to heavily decrease supply . 
  does n't matter , by banning them you dramatically increase the cost of them on the black market . 
  meaning they have to either be bought from further away or not bought at all . 
  the further they are the more likely they are to be caught on the long travel to their destination . 
  you ca n't send a force of anyone into a countries territory without consent , that is how you start fights . 
  you want to be closer to russia ? 
  the country that just invaded and annexed part of ukraine and is still working to destabalise it . 
  you have had some good comments so far do n't start with nonsense like `` geopolitically irrelevant '' . 
  we all know it 's not true and just an attempt to annoy kapenaar . 
  do n't think i have ever had a christmas dinner with offal or black pudding . 
  typical main course would be turkey/goose or beef , turkey is the most popular at the moment . 
  loads of roast potatoes , steamed or roasted carrots , parsnips , peas , cabbage , sprouts , broccoli and/or cauliflower . 
  pigs-in-blankets , stuffing ( sage and onion is the most popular i think ) . 
  often yorkshire puddings and crackling too . 
  then sauces such as mountains of bread sauce , gravy , cranberry sauce and some people like mint sauce . 
  oh come on , 2 calories !, 
  we can do better , just one extra sausage !, 
  i can cross to ireland for a couple of quid ? 
  sounds like something to do over the christmas holiday . 
  despite the film being ridiculous it is at least highly entertaining . 
  i loved defiance if that counts . 
  the great escape is excellent too . 
  well it would give belfast a boost as well as the nowhere town that would be built . 
  does it matter how many there are ? 
  this project is supposed to be for every country to benefit from , when that starts failing the eu loses it 's purpose . 
  that was n't bad english though it was a typo . 
  poor english would be failure to capitalise , poor use of commas and using the wrong words . 
  all of which i 'm sure i have done multiple times . 
  we have an opt out of shengen , the uk takes in more than its share of refugees , everyone wants another opt out , why do you think places like hungry and shutting down boarders ? 
  which is exactly the current situation . 
  you are going to ban strippers from wearing police uniforms too ? 
  if we are still talking about the uk , it follows the rules more tightly than most nations . 
  there is a lot of crap being posted in here . 
  firstly cameron is pro eu not anti . 
  secondly has everyone forgotten we have a referendum coming up about staying in or leaving ? 
  people 's opinions fluxuate wildly , if the refugee crisis is still on going by the time of the referendum then a lot of opinions will be swayed toward leaving . 
  this is n't a matter of people whining , it 's a simple matter of timing . 
  bad stuff happening around an election/vote always causes an effect on said vote . 
  why do you think politicians start changing attitudes closer to election time ? 
  it 's the same principle . 
  this is true though , and it 's not just politicians spouting shit . 
  we have a referendum coming up , people are fickle and react based on short term changes . 
  the refugee crisis is fresh in peoples minds and will greatly effect the outcome of the vote . 
  err , you get a bad rap for the massive social problems you have despite having all that money . 
  the us should be a beacon of progress but it 's stalled and people suffer for it . 
  coupled with american exceptionalism you ca n't possible be surprised people look down on it . 
  they where introduced !, 
  just like the dutch , it does n't count !, 
  i suppose it boils down to how you define the language . 
  * than . 
  the highlands are part of the same mountain chain as the appalachian . 
  not sure that is true , a lot of foreign people i know speak english better than a lot of natives . 
  they do n't slip into slang as much , they do n't screw up the placement of words due to actually leaning the rules . 
  it 's been nearly 1000 years , which is a world record . 
  why have i not thought of this before !, 
  i miss taking the bus actually . 
  lots of reading time , used to burn through books . 
  now i have to drive like some sort of chump . 
  `` no one is under the impression it all goes to unemployed '' you 're massively overestimate the general public . 
  there is even a comment on this post getting it wrong . 
  where the hell can you get a big mac and fries for # 2 ? 
  they about a fiver around me . 
  i would go indoors , turn on the tv and watch the bloodshed , whilst hoping it does n't spread over here . 
  germany was already defeated by the time japan was bombed so that just is n't true . 
  nukes just shortened the war . 
  not so much . 
  the uk was scotland and england , james became king of both and role forward a few centuries and the countries merged . 
  with ireland it was taken by force , the king said it 's his and then joined to the country . 
  no it 's not ... ireland is a fully sovereign country , catalonia is a region of spain . 
  if we are talking historically it 's still different ireland was conquered , catalonia was n't . 
  assuming i know my history spain was formed by the merging of two kingdoms aragon and castille . 
  similar to england and scotland . 
  scotland leaving the union and english people having their say would be a good comparison .
