  yet britain was the one who enforced it outside their borders , at cost , it was the royal navy shutting down the trade that ended it , not france stopping importing people for a few years . 
  britain took part in the transatlantic slave trade but was nowhere near being the biggest culprit , that ` honour ' goes to portugal , it 's also irrelevant . 
  you ca n't just stop things over night , just because the public wanted something does n't mean the slave owners where going to go down without a fight . 
  we also have liberty enshrined , in both the magna carter and bill of rights and european bill of human rights ( which was mostly written by brits ) so i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  it stopped being profitable because people stopped buying sugar harvested with slaves , there was a massive campaign back home . 
  it did n't stop being profitable because somehow free labour was too expensive . 
  sure it took time but it happened because of britain , land was given to other countries in exchange for stopping their trade , and some where even bribed . 
  others where shut down by force . 
  rights have always been an uphill struggle , in every country , everywhere . 
  claiming britain is somehow behind is ludicrous . 
  we had equal partnerships for gay couples before pretty much everyone . 
  clearly it 's not perfect and the last decade or so has been worrying but ` the uk has never been about liberty or freedom ' . 
  fuck off with the self hate , and stop trying to change history to suit the current narrative . 
  literally every country by that idea is shit . 
  we invented the name not the thing . 
  putting people in camps was absolutely not invented in the boer war . 
  the fuck are you talking about , the anti-slavery movement ended with the royal navy forcibly abolishing slavery on a near global level , womens right to vote was in the uk early on ( compared to many other places ) , and workers rights where hardly late in coming . 
  we even had one of the earliest bills of rights in the world . 
  also northern ireland though . 
  maybe we can keep a chunk of scotland so the flag still works . 
  did you ignore my entire post , then try to be condescending ? 
  genius !, 
  with brexit the facts where presented , but ignored because of propaganda . 
  posting more facts and keeping your fingers crossed it works is utterly mental , does n't work , and just benefits people willing to use it . 
  propaganda does n't have to mislead or lie to you either , it just has to illicit an emotional response . 
  a picture of the eu flag with a child smiling next to it . 
  that is propaganda , but does n't mislead or lie in anyway . 
  it links happiness with the eu , which makes it propaganda . 
  propaganda can be used nefariously , or beneficially . 
  pretending it 's always bad is just wrong and highlights a misunderstanding of how the world works . 
  like i said , in an ideal world it would n't be required . 
  we could all sit down and read a list of solid , verified facts and make a decision . 
  in reality that does n't work . 
  of course , and how it 's used . 
  not everything is black and white . 
  lets take brexit as an example . 
  lies where heavily propagated by the leave campaign , and they won because of it . 
  so if the remain camp has used more/better propaganda to get a safer result is that not okay ? 
  if something is wrong , is it better to let it happen or use propaganda to stop it ? 
  if one side is using it , but another is n't so loses would n't it be better to have used it and not lost ? 
  losing due to principles is just idiocy . 
  then we have things people do n't understand , or fear . 
  like gmo 's . 
  gmo 's are fine , but people are anti-big agriculture , yet blame gmo 's for it . 
  is propaganda to get people over their misconceptions bad ? 
  is it better to let people be wrong and lose out on research and progress ? 
  that 's nice and all but it avoids the question . 
  it 's people ignoring the worries of others that cause the issues here . 
  climate change will also force people out at a higher rate , not just from africa but also the greater middle east . 
  propaganda is n't inherently bad . 
  pretty sure the us took back the number 1 spot , but the eu was larger for a while . 
  no worries !, 
  stumbled across it by mistake . 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot just do n't know . 
  plus we have the advantage of lots of history , castles , pubs older than most countries , in the us you do n't have that so they go for other things . 
  quite possibly , thought there was also a huge drop in the 70 's for some reason . 
  immigration records . 
  the us census bureau asks people their ancestry , it does n't record actual ancestry . 
  just read [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_american ) and if you want check out immigration records . 
  it 's quite curious . 
  not true . 
  at all . 
  it 's just a commonly parroted idea due to an opinion poll on ancestry . 
  people do n't report as being english-american because it 's boring . 
  if you are half english , half irish they report as irish american . 
  english is the largest ancestry group but very low if you ask people what they want to be . 
  it 's a common trend amoungst many , people ignore things until they matter . 
  well they matter now . 
  you are talking about when people did n't understand the fish stocks collapse . 
  how is that applicable to today ? 
  education in the uk is the best in the world , we have more top 10 universities per head than anyone else , i 'm sure we can figure out how to not collapse the fish stocks without the rest of europe giving us a hand . 
  i do n't think the french would disagree with including the uk in a eurowide military . 
  we are very close , work together a lot militarily . 
  by being included in the eu military but not the eu from frances pov we should have all the good stuff few of the negatives . 
  as you mentioned we would get dragged into any war against the eu anyway , so being prepared to co-ordinate would be in everyones best interests . 
  if history is anything to go by what ? 
  britain has historically been good with these sorts of things . 
  or we just do n't give up command , the uk has some of the most battle experienced leaders in europe . 
  someone has to take the lead , makes sense to be those who know what to do , and have done it before . 
  we are apparently incapable of doing basic quotas without the eu . 
  there is no real reason it ca n't be . 
  i 'm willing to be bet nations like iceland/norway could , if they wanted , be part of a common military collective . 
  it 's not just students , i work in an international research centre , i know of only 1 leave voter and she is n't at work anymore . 
  i 'm sure there are others but seeing as every tea break was conversations about the insanity of leaving they probably kept quiet about it . 
  i always imagine someone grabbing the flag and twisting it anti-clockwise so the bars line up that way . 
  although that is still just remembering 1 of two things so probably does n't help much !, 
  basically homosexual offspring do n't have their own kids so help out raising siblings . 
  increased chance of brothers/sisters surviving which in turn passes on the parents genes . 
  it 's well documented in a lot of species , apparently it can be an issue with rams and trying to breed them as it 's quite common . 
  transgender is a mental illness , your brain does n't accept it 's gender , that is n't normal or supposed to happen . 
  unlike homosexuality which is a purposefully evolved phenomenon , transgender is an accident . 
  it 's why we work so hard to fix it , and make people feel more themselves through therapies , and even surgery . 
  being ill is n't a bad thing , it 's just unfortunate . 
  if you have a cold i do n't look down on you . 
  just playing devils advocate here but marriage traditionally is not about marrying loved ones , it 's about tying different families together . 
  many do marry for love , but things like arranged marriages are not exactly rare . 
  44 % said they would help their son/daughter find a cure . 
  pretty shit question . 
  firstly if you could just take a pill and be straight , many would do it , it 's easier being a straight person . 
  more partners around , you can have children without going to a lot of trouble , and of course no stigma .
