  it only recently got usurped by the reaper and scorpion . 
  plus britain and curry are synonymous . 
  and there where boroughs pro-eu !, 
  we can afford it now , with the massive eu rebate . 
  somewhat amusingly the original population of ireland and britain was probably from the basque region , the same people who migrated down to portugal . 
  custard ? 
  is n't that also british ? 
  cheese and baked beans !, 
  should go to newcastle , it 's even worse . 
  it 's cool the only recognised genocide we have , we just blame on the aussies . 
  err ... full english/welsh/scottish breakfast ? 
  to be fair it 's not like the eu is going perfectly . 
  there are a lot of problems , and some of it 's members are very poorly treated . 
  you ca n't turn around and bash the uk for leaving whilst simultaneously shitting on greece , refusing to help italy with their migrant crisis and having merkel make huge global statements without any backing from other nations . 
  and there are multiple countries in the eu who are as close or even closer to anti-eu sentiment as the uk . 
  we where just dumb/democratic enough to have a vote on it . 
  so there we have , this whole thing is scotlands fault . 
  why would anyone want the italians assert anything regarding a unified military though ? 
  1.9 m does n't mean 1.9 mega . 
  mega is a prefix and requires something after it to make sense . 
  bloody immigrants, 
  it would , but at the same time those companies would lose far more than they would gain . 
  you block one , watch it lose profit and get replaced , then repeat until they get the message . 
  i 'm not sure i could live without google and amazon though . 
  malta was the only country to volunteer to be part of the british empire . 
  i also do n't get why we would forget where australia is . 
  why not ? 
  fobbing it all off on france wo n't end well , not helping italy in the first place has allowed huge numbers of people to cross into europe . 
  either we deal with this as a group or it fails and we get major problems . 
  seems sensible to me , take them across a few at a time , process and either deport or accept . 
  i guess people do n't want to pay for it though . 
  the obvious solution would be both countries chip in . 
  people are n't starving in those countries , but yeah they do have larger issues . 
  we are also under no obligation to let them in . 
  the channel tunnel getting closed down over this would be insanity , and if france where to provide boats to send people to britain it would shatter relations between our two countries to smithereens . 
  during the referendum there where plenty of people claiming we have ` uncontrolled , open immigration due to the eu ' . 
  despite the fact the very presence of the jungle proves the eu ( or france in this case ) and the uk are not just letting anyone in . 
  we have 21 legally mandated days off , including 8 bank holidays ( fixed holiday days ) . 
  all of which you get paid for . 
  actual holidays , i do n't think it 's law not to work on things like christmas day , but people rarely do , major supermarkets are closed by law , but smaller ones ( think corner shops ) are allowed to open if they want . 
  we celebrate christmas and the burning of the catholics ( guy fawkes ) . 
  it 's all about dedication to drinking and being on holiday . 
  eh , we 'll sign the agreement [ tomorrow ] ( http://www.telegraphindia.com/1111101/images/29vital.jpg ) . 
  i do n't think those are mutually exclusive events ... 
  i think it was more that we segregated the locals and the white population and refused them access to certain places, 
  forgive me if i am wrong here , but whilst being part of the common market we dealt with outside markets as a group . 
  meaning trade agreements where made with the entirety of the eu not individual countries . 
  so being part of the eu absolutely would limit trade deals ( well imports at least ) . 
  then you are just wrong , especially considering the link between northern ireland and scotland . 
  not to mention scotland only joined the union to better colonise after a failed attempt in panama . 
  he is from lancashire , give him a break . 
  fair enough , however as it did n't happen before the eu , and several people have already said places like wales and cornwall will not be getting their funding matched , it 's not exactly much of a stretch . 
  it 's not about opinion , it 's simply a fact these regions in the uk wo n't get funding without the eu , or at least not as much . 
  they did n't before the redistribution programme , there is nothing to suggest they will afterward . 
  it would be superb if we could pull out that money and redistribute it ourselves , thus giving us a big benefit but we wo n't , it will keep going into a select few places . 
  if that where a thing the regional development fund would n't exist in the first place . 
  we have the money sure , but it 's not equally spread about , what makes you think it would possibly stay as it is when historically everything gets pushed toward places like london . 
  well it 's southampton so i wo n't hold my breath . 
  i have to visit ikea on wednesday so it 's already ruined for me . 
  true but ukraine is in neither nato nor the eu , nor is it fully developed , so i did n't see how it was relevant if not to imply the eu should do something about it . 
  the strength of the dollar , huge political influence , humungous economical surge after the decline of european powers . 
  with europe in tatters it allowed the us to gain superpower status , that would not have been possible with things like the british and french empires still around and operating at full steam . 
  the marshal plan was paid back with interest and helped put everyone in the us 's debt , it was a plan of self interest , not altruism ( it was still a very good thing ) . 
  the decline in european military has let the us do it , funding massive growth and helping the us topple a lot of regimes in their favour again boosting growth . 
  i 'm no economist though i 'm sure someone else could do a far better job of explaining the benefits the us has seen . 
  they do n't need to confront the us , the us ca n't and wo n't do anything militarily to the eu and there are no other blocks or countries that are a threat . 
  i would personally argue russia is still a threat but the combined military forces of europe absolutely dwarf that of russia . 
  they do n't raise their funding because they do n't really have to outside of moral reasons in nato . 
  so if they do n't need to worry about russia or the us there is n't much left to do . 
  i think they should meet their 2 % targets and use more of that money to help police the area , specifically the mediterranean instead of shoving it all on greece and italys shoulders , but the immigration issues at the moment are mostly due to flat out inviting them in ( which increased spending will do nothing about ) and people currently living there . 
  it 's not in the eu . 
  you massively underestimate the quality of the royal navy , our ships and submarines are world class , better than the us ones in some ways . 
  if the us ca n't track our subs then russia certainly ca n't . 
  training / war games between the us and uk has proven that . 
  we may not have numbers but trying to knock the quality is just ignorance . 
  on top of that russia is not a military equal to the west anymore , they do n't have the technology you are crediting them with . 
  i 'm british not german . 
  do n't want to do anything about it , is not the same as ca n't . 
  millitary spending in europe is low because no-one wants conflict not because europeans are incapable of it . 
  i mean come on it 's europe at one point or other we have owned almost the entire globe . 
  the us has benefitted enormously from the state of europe and it 's position of power in nato , so yes . 
  if you benefit you pay the cost . 
  that said any country in nato which ca n't be bothered to pay it 's 2 % should not be surprised if everyone tells it to fuck off when the shit hits the fan . 
  err ... that is categorically untrue on every point . 
  the uk is n't being partitioned , 200 nukes is enough to end russia totally , and even the us is n't capable of finding our subs let alone a sub-optimal navy like russias . 
  screw you , we pay our bills . 
  hard to tell if you are joking , i think you are , but ; it is n't anti-democratic to not immediately enact article 50 . 
  we just had a general election which is the most democratic system we have , and voted 75 % stay ( pro-eu mp 's ) . 
  the referendum asked a very simple question but only gave two answers when there where many to choose from . 
  the only information you can extrapolate from that referendum is that on the day 51.8 % of the population felt that if the only two options available where leave or stay , then leave might be preferable . 
  those are not the only two options though , which is why we had a general election to vote people in to make those decisions . 
  neither did the vote say when the public wanted us to leave , how to leave or how completely to leave . 
  it would be ignoring the voices of well over half the population to just unilaterally jump ship asap . 
  exactly the issue , there where only 2 options and a question of that magnitude requires far more . 
  we simply do n't know what the public wants . 
  but it is ... we voted for 75 % pro-eu mp 's ... 
  commonwealth realm and commonwealth nations are two different things remember and both called the commonwealth . 
  aww , the little welsh pretender . 
  why should n't it . . ? 
  it 's mostly a meritocracy .
