  english is the only real option and not just because i am . 
  it is currently the official ( one of ) language in india almost all of north america , australasia and in many african countries . 
  it 's the official language of airports and flight stuff . 
  possibly navies and docking , i am not sure . 
  many chinese and japanese are starting to speak english too . 
  so unless you want to learn their languages or force them to learn both english and esperanto we will lose that market . 
  basically it opens up a lot of doors to the rest of the world , dumping english and taking up esparanto does nothing to boost us on a global scene and will just hold everyone back . 
  not to mention english is easy to learn and has access to huge amounts of media from both the uk ad us . 
  so to summarise : esperanto is a stupid idea , it had the best of intentions but was very poorly thought through . 
  well discover is a subjective thing and depends on the audience . 
  still interesting find , though not altogether surprising that only islands in the middle of nowhere are on the list . 
  i am still amazed that places like hawaii and chatham island ( even new zealand for that matter ) where ever colonised by humans before the age of colonisation . 
  does n't matter , beat france !, 
  the blue is my favourite part of the union jack . 
  but never tell a scot i said that . 
  working/holiday visa are just for one year and let you travel around the country , doing odd jobs to pay for fuel , food and accommodation . 
  people are already turned off going to the states due to the abysmal low end jobs market , blocking it off completely just seems batty to me . 
  australia , canada , japan and the uk have n't seen huge influxes of students rocking up , stealing all the jobs then staying past their visa limit , so why would the us have problems ? 
  according to ukip you euro bastards hold us back !, 
  so clearly we would be gods gift to gdp if they had their way . 
  see paranoid . 
  i wanted to stay for a year , work and see the country . 
  like i can do in japan , canada , australia , nz and loads of other countries . 
  the us is one of the only countries that does n't have a working/holiday visa system . 
  the worst part is , it means you guys can not visit the world either . 
  it only stops me seeing a fraction of one continent , it blocks the states from visiting half the world . 
  i fully agree with you , but the correct term is ` they ' not ` we ' when talking about a subset . 
  for example if i am talking about blonde haired people , or people with size 12 + feet , i am not part of that subset so i use they . 
  question 1 : lick the piece of fish on the paper if you think geometry is fun . 
  end of test . 
  i demand it be returned to the moors !, 
  spain is having money pumped into by the eu , and you claim they got ` nothing from it ' ? 
  single most advanced destroyer on the planet !, 
  for now . 
  we must brag while we can . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diamond_rock ) is another interesting rock . 
  although it is just a rock it used to be called hms diamond rock . 
  i do n't know of any other rocks that are part of the royal ( or any other ) navy . 
  the brits dragged cannons to the top of it , and used it as a base to shoot french ships coming into martinique . 
  it was lost during the napoleonic wars after a joint fleet of spanish and french ships lay siege to the ` ship ' and the brits ran out of ammunition . 
  it clearly states it ? 
  rubbish . 
  why the hell would the uk sign a treaty that explicitly states the naval base they just took has no access to the sea ? 
  the treaty states spain will cede gibraltar , it does n't explicitly state the sea territory comes with it , this is irrelevant however as under international law all bodies that adjourn the sea have ownership of a portion of it . 
  well the fastest train has gone at 581 km/h , paris to berlin is 877km . 
  so that is about an hour and a half if we had a direct rail between the two cities . 
  now that is just what is possible right now . 
  the fastest thing to travel on rails is 10,325 km/h . 
  we have a little work to do before we get trains going that fast though . 
  i think it may do . 
  last century they where desperately trying to ship in brits to boost the population . 
  i think it 's to do with minimising culture clash while maintaining well educated workers . 
  seeing as australia and britain are nearly identical we are let in pretty easily ( i know it 's not residency , but my working/holiday visa took 2 hours to get online , other nationalities take substantially longer ) . 
  on top of this we let aussies in quite easily , whereas the us does n't . 
  so i guess there is some sort of deal going on there . 
  i get free health care in australia , aussies get free health care in the uk . 
  i do n't like the tomatoes full stop . 
  the real crime you are committing is removing the baked beans . 
  you are a monster !, 
  we need faster trains . 
  if it only took 45mins by train to cross half of europe it would be possible to actually commute . 
  it 's not more complicated , the only thing that is harder is you need your passport when you get to the airport or ferry . 
  seeing as we have to stop at the ferry anyway flashing the passport to someone hardly even takes time . 
  getting into australia is actually fairly simple . 
  the states is harder because they are paranoid . 
  thought i saw the word brothel in the title . 
  now i am sad . 
  i with i knew , it 's revolting . 
  oh right , scots . 
  that is a bit of a stretch , but i guess as london was the capital city of 1/5 of the globe you could sort of claim it . 
  damn that is a good looking building , why on earth have i not been to aberdeen . 
  ** farnham ** ( more of a town ) : peter pan, 
  time to give back all of australasia , south america and north america to the locals . 
  as people have said in other posts , gibraltar has been british longer than it has been spanish . 
  why should we give it back to spain when they stole it in the first place and settled it ? 
  stop being funny and show me pictures of food !, 
  black pudding is very frequently found in the english breakfast . 
  from what i can tell the scotish breakfast differs by having haggis and oatcakes . 
  the irish breakfast differs by having potato farls . 
  the welsh breakfast differs by having lavabread . 
  using the full english as the base because i live here . 
  typical ? 
  pasta , it 's incredibly common because it 's so easy to make . 
  casseroles are fairly common , as are stews . 
  xxx + chips also make a frequent dinner time appearance , i had pizza chips and beans this evening . 
  bangers and mash , again easy , served with gravy and onions . 
  i live in a family household , but when i live by myself i usually eat huge amounts of beans on toast with cheese . 
  if you are looking for eating out food . 
  pies are great , i love steak and ale , shepard 's / cottage pie or fishermans pie . 
  other things include steak and chips , quiche with salad , my family ( vegetarians ) eats a lot of humous with pita bread , also couscous , nut cutlets , potatoes , vege lasagne and toad in the hole . 
  crumpets are great for elevenses . 
  or a snack some other time . 
  used to , i volunteers at a bird park , and as a ranger . 
  taking care of the birds , cleaning pens . 
  as a ranger , we used to maintain the commons and woods , built benches , cleared paths , that sort of thing . 
  favourite story : i was cleaning the hornbills water bowl ( used a brush ) and refilling it . 
  when i left the cage to get some water i forgot the brush . 
  i came back inside and the hornbill had grabbed it and ran behind a bush . 
  i spent 20 mins running around the bush after this hornbill until finally someone else who worked there ( small crowd watching at this point ) , came in to block it off . 
  i was volunteering to fill out my cv as it is nearly impossible to get volunteer work abroad without other volunteer work ( a paid job on conservation is just not happening without years of volunteering ) .
