  some areas will have near 0 unemployment , others will have much higher . 
  same is true of anywhere really . 
  i can get a seven bed , fully detached house with large ground in scotlands highlands for less than it costs for a single room , with a toilet next to the fridge and an extra charge for a single parking space you may not even get to use , in london . 
  you and i have a very different definition of obvious . 
  to me evidence to the contrary somewhat detracts from the term . 
  well you said britain does n't give a shit about the syrian crisis . 
  then as soon as you found out the uk donates more money than anyone but the us , you simply span it to be a bad thing . 
  what century do you think this is ? 
  the uk military is built for the modern day conflicts it might be required for . 
  you are sounding ridiculously bias here . 
  ` oh i was wrong , never mind i 'll spin it to sound bad about them anyway ' . 
  we ca n't buy , southern europe can not even move out . 
  someone has never been into the house of commons . 
  the bbc title is not the one heading this thread . 
  the uk is though . 
  i would assume however turkey would not be dumb enough to attack the british territory on cyprus . 
  some of the jokes where a bit predictable but i loved it . 
  maybe the plan is to make a deal at around 50bn euro . 
  do n't tell me what to do . 
  bloody europeans . 
  it is rather extortionately priced here , but seeing as the cinema actually keeps that money , whereas most of the film price goes to the producers i do n't mind much . 
  i ca n't imagine not eating popcorn at the cinema , my local also sells pick and mix , hotdog and chips , chicken nuggets and such like . 
  see , they need brand new releases on amazon video for a fee . 
  before the film starts !, 
  huge screen like that lights it up , ca n't speak for everywhere but my local one has enough space down every isle for a wheelchair . 
  is popcorn not a standard cinema snack in poland ? 
  stealing by definition deprives someone of the item taken , digital piracy does not do that , ergo it is not stealing . 
  it is copying . 
  something which has been legal for a long time . 
  you can record things from the tv , you can make copies of friends shows and games , you can record audio from the radio and use it . 
  piracy is copying and sharing on a grand scale , it is not stealing . 
  slightly different though . 
  piracy generates money through adverts and does n't take money from anyone , it has even been shown to boost sales for many things . 
  the banks on the other hand caused huge economic strife and people lost a lot of money . 
  no-one loses out in piracy most of the time . 
  literally 30mins of ads and trailers before the film . 
  i just pre-book at turn up late . 
  still expensive but at least my local has huge recliner seats for every seat and the popcorn is massive . 
  usually go 2-4 times a month . 
  well if you try to force chance in the eu people will leave . 
  te whole point in the eu is to work together , not try and force people to do things . 
  i think you are missing the spirit of the eu . 
  the eu is n't a democracy in that sense , they do n't need to be a majority to hold things up , the uk is n't . 
  they each get a vote , and they get vetoes . 
  they are individual countries not just people to be ignored . 
  that sort of attitude is why anti-eu sentiment is rising . 
  that is 3 countries out of 26 , it would be closer to 12 % . 
  that is the same size as ukip, 
  right , you do n't think the swedes , danes , czechs , etc. 
  might take issue with further integration ? 
  especially when people are calling them enemies for opposing it ? 
  perhaps they are not as vocal because they have had no need to be yet ? 
  the british government knew how vital the eu was , but it was the people who voted to leave , the same thing can happen elsewhere , it 's this attitude of everyone is wrong but me that let brexit happen . 
  yeah because we were the only country against more integration - . - jesus . 
  what dysfunction ? 
  did you miss brexit ? 
  that did n't happen due to whim . 
  it occurred due to failings on the eu 's part ( britain of course played a large role in those failings , but voters do n't care about that ) . 
  examples being greece , the shambles that is the refugee crisis , the economic crisis in 2007 , the shitty handling in the mediterranean of the immigrants by boat , etc. 
  voters only see the result , most totally ignore the reasoning behind them . 
  take the refugee crisis , heavily caused by the iraq war which the uk was one of the major proponents of , however the voter just sees merkle saying ` come one , come all ! ', 
  so blames the eu . 
  that sort of thing needs to be avoided and needs to be fixed if the eu is the continue functioning . 
  pronounced a little differently though, 
  congrats to the boys in blue . 
  so unfair ... just because shooting unarmed ships is ` immoral ' . 
  yes and a majority of people who voted for or against said it 's bad . 
  brexit vote never had ' i do n't know ' on the polls . 
  it 's not really opinion . 
  that is what they are called , ireland can refuse to use the term of course , but that does n't make it wrong when spoken elsewhere . 
  it just means it 's wrong in ireland . 
  i just want to cry . 
  i still do n't fancy the chances of one plane full of commando 's against 1000 british troops . 
  with ease . 
  we now have air craft stationed down there and a type-45 on patrol in the region . 
  not to mention 1000 soldiers . 
  last time there was nothing . 
  the destroyer alone has the worlds most advanced detention systems and could do damage to any invading airforce . 
  the falklands are not voting for argentina to join the uk mate . 
  to be fair i do n't think any of that would have mattered without the syrian refugee crisis . 
  which can again be traced back to blairs war . 
  the eu could survive losing france , or the uk . 
  but both ? 
  france is more integral to the project than we are , being a founding member of the original coal and steel project and one of the largest users of the euro . 
  france going would be devastating . 
  i was talking about the province of grenada in spain . 
  north of gibraltar . 
  was going to suggest all of andalucio but that seemed greedy . 
  to make gibraltar a big land , best to annex some of spain . 
  yeah , it 's a shittily worded saying to be frank . 
  so you are saying we should annex grenada ? 
  yeah , but they wo n't just declare independence . 
  this thread could get very full . 
  [ george boole ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_boole ) - invented boolean law , which is the foundation of all our computing , without it the information age could never have happened . 
  [ isaac newton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isaac_newton ) - famous for his ` discovery ' of gravity and work on newtonian physics , as well as the invention of calculus . 
  [ edward jenner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_jenner ) - invented the first vaccine , by infecting people with cow-poks , then again with small-poks . 
  [ charles darwin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_darwin ) - discovery of evolution [ charles babbage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_babbage ) - inventor of the first mechanical computer etc. 
  i only hear her name for the first time watching pointless a month ago , and now she is back !, 
  one mans terrorist is another mans freedom fighter . 
  of course it 's morally wrong , how is that a minority view ?
