  united kindgdom , it 's a union of kingdoms ( and principalities ) . 
  he is from portugal . 
  marriage simply means to join two together . 
  there is nothing in the definition about sexes . 
  do n't you have to consummate a marriage before it 's legally binding ? 
  no earnings are being lowered , just what you leave behind . 
  the children are allowed to earn money too , i really do n't know anyone who is only working to make money for once they are dead . 
  mostly impartial , but like all big news outlets it has critics . 
  the programming is considered some of the best in the uk and competes globally . 
  top gear , the david attenborough documentaries and a myriad of comedies are some of the best known . 
  there is n't finite wealth but to create wealth you need innovation , spending and start ups . 
  all of which need a stronger middle/working class . 
  giving people higher wages is redistribution of wealth , that wage does n't appear from nowhere . 
  it 's really not that much , a total pain if property is involved though . 
  more to the point though if anything it would give you more motivation . 
  that would be ideal as the licence fee is essentially a poll tax . 
  sorry who said anything about taking away all the money ? 
  the two are tied wether you like it or not . 
  you ca n't bring the poor up without redistribution of some kind . 
  this is simply because to create wealth you need spending , and you ca n't spend without distributing wealth to the poor . 
  life in general has improved over the centuries because of the countries overall wealth , if you want a comparative increase in a mans situation you need a larger % of that wealth going to the poor . 
  it 's not about ideology , having the same families constantly being the ultra rich leads to social problems as is well and truly documented across the anglosphere . 
  social mobility goes down as those with money put pressure on governments to ensure they keep it . 
  i would n't , we would risk losing the bbc . 
  simply because when you have money it 's easier to make more . 
  by passing down hundreds of millions/billions of franks/pounds/euros / dollars the next generation remains in the same financial/political spot and you do n't get any cycling of the money and the same people continuously remain in ` power ' . 
  it says that nowhere in the article . 
  it took war , education and mass media . 
  and then they would be removed . 
  it 's a perfect balance . 
  wow the queen is awesome and the # 1 coin is the single best coin there is . 
  perhaps , but i would like to see the eu expand include places like canada/australia/nz , maybe eventually other westernised nations like japan/sk . 
  ca n't be called the eu then . 
  perhaps one day we can merge with the us too , creating a cross atlantic union and the first steps toward world government . 
  rather a long way away though . 
  i expect the same could be said for any union . 
  uk for example . 
  india was forced into a union though and has had constant conflict because of it . 
  also it 's titbit in english , tidbit in american english . 
  you are of course free to use whichever . 
  i do like croissants but i also like a full english , both good breakfasts for different occasions . 
  because it is capped at around # 70 a week for dole money . 
  people are on benefits for a reason , just because you see people on the news freeloading does n't mean most people are . 
  you ca n't keep people hostage for 30 hours a week with a paltry # 70 pay off , you would be lucky if that covered rent . 
  i do n't know about you but after work i really do n't want to spend my evening job hunting , why would it be different for these people ? 
  they need their days free to do applications , make phone calls , etc. 
  that is when jobs are open , that is when interviews take place . 
  getting everyone to work one day a week , or a couple of hours a day over a few days is more than enough . 
  they would be doing jobs the private sector wo n't touch anyway so a comparable wage is fair as there is no competition losing out . 
  how can it been historically confirmed when it has n't happened yet ? 
  technology is advancing so much faster than before . 
  i could see the jobs of the future involving creative arts rather than construction/admin . 
  where is the incentive to be honest ? 
  i work full time and only work 36 ... how in the world is it fair for someone to work 30 and get less than 1/4 of my wage ? 
  yeah , but there is a difference between hating on fatties and just sending rude facebook messages to people . 
  it used to be essentially / shitfatpeoplesay , mixed with pictures of obese people . 
  no you do n't , obese is only a bmi of 30 , really not as big as you think it is . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.4hourlife.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/3-21-2012-11-55-15-pm.png ) is a 30bmi and obese . 
  every single fin i have ever met has been obese . 
  admittedly i have only ever met 2 . 
  both where great fun to drink with . 
  meh , it 's gone downhill . 
  turning into r/atheism . 
  just lots of self righteous people posting pictures of them being rude to people . 
  very few actual arguments , lots of descending to their level and calling on another names . 
  just start shopping in asda you will think the entire country is obese except you . 
  take iq . 
  it averages out over a large population but can fail quite badly for an individual . 
  for bmi for every bodybuilder skewing it , there is someone massively underweight and healthy too . 
  so for them it does n't work , but over all it does . 
  i had an ` english salad ' at work today . 
  bacon , poached egg , black pudding , chestnut mushrooms and water cress . 
  it was delicious . 
  give me all the custard danishes . 
  best way is to either a ) travel , or b ) work with europeans . 
  traveling around australia i met lots of people from lots of countries . 
  other than canada and australia itself it was the other europeans that are most similar . 
  americans are either very similar or just plain weird , but i think you can say the same thing about most europeans too plenty of strange people everywhere . 
  on the internet it 's much easier to tell an american from a western european . 
  for the most part i would struggle to tell a swede/dutchman/brit apart through text alone , but playing online games you can tell right away when the yanks come online . 
  that would be brilliant but as you said the history makes it impossible . 
  those people still spend money . 
  why is it not positive for the population ? 
  all that money still cycles . 
  you learn something new every day . 
  well ours did n't sink . 
  did n't help we had tanks on the beach for cover , the american ones sunk . 
  pretty sure d-day took place over 2 years after wwii started . 
  apathy . 
  ` obligation ' . 
  france and poland has no choice , neither did russia . 
  the uk could easily have sat it out , as hitler has hoped would happen ( same mistake they made in wwi ) . 
  depends really , lives are worth more but without the british and american lend-lease russia would have lost moscow and probably been out of the war early on . 
  meaning the uk/usa where more important . 
  however on the flipside the uk/us could n't possibly have taken down germany without russia doing the fighting , meaning russia was the most important . 
  if you assume the uk was neutral russia would have been flattened . 
  no battle of britain , no usa being dragged into the war , no british help with tanks or in persia for oil fields , no planes , etc. 
  if you assume the us was neutral , russia would have fallen . 
  the lack of jeeps and tanks would have made mobility terrible and given the germans the extra time they needed to wipe out more divisions and take moscow . 
  it would have meant the uk likely signing a white peace as the royal navy and royal airforce struggle to maintain dominance over the germans .
