  i would like to argue the point but it would be entirely futile . 
  so ... the rest of europe is n't white now ? 
  what are you smoking . 
  i think that would be a better example too , the big worry being either a mass expulsion or far worse . 
  did you seriously just say other european countries do n't deserve this ? 
  spain and portugal lead the way in colonisation , france still owns huge areas of land , italy and germany owned chunks of africa , the netherlands had trading ports everywhere which spilled into colonies and the belgians ( or at least their king ) is was responsible for some of the worst attrocities ever commited in africa . 
  lets blame the britons though the rest of europe where pleasant peace loving people . 
  right ... you should look up the definition of racism . 
  posting a newspaper article is not racism . 
  i have to say tat is one of my largest fears for the future . 
  with the economic situation getting worse by the day and muslims clearly getting nothing bad bad press it 's possible right wing polices could result in a situation comparable to wwii . 
  of course the odds of war between nations breaking out is around 0 , but the whole blame someone for our troubles is not unlikely . 
  as was pointed out in the article we are respecting the rules . 
  nowhere is it written a country can not repatriate . 
  you can play games without ` cheating ' . 
  while you may have a point this does not effect people in europe and is up to the countries they move too , to sort out . 
  eventually . 
  last time i checked one of the major stopping points was greece , there is a big row over the naming of the country . 
  macedonia was a large area a lot of which is in modern day greece . 
  the greeks do not want the new country that formed to use the name macedonia , until both sides reach an agreement they can not join , same with turkey and greece over cyprus . 
  perhaps i am wrong but i never imagined iceland as being somewhere people are clammering to immigrate to . 
  how are you jumping to these stances ? 
  this has nothing to do with the original conversation , you said independance benefitted countries , i was replying to that , should or not is entirely up to the people , which is why we are having a referendum so i do n't get your point . 
  i am well aware of the power imbalance pre unification england was strong but the whole is greater than the sum of its parts , and no shit we are more advanced that was not my point at all . 
  as for your last point , the british empire was far more influencial and powerful than the us currently is , by comparison to its time . 
  on the world stage we have far more clout as a union rather than two individual states , previously england might have had some influence through a military sense , now however the world has changed , it now takes all of europe to keep up with the states rather than one small island . 
  cutting up into small bits wo n't help . 
  thats actually quite simple , basic discrimination means it was hard ( and still is ) for a black person to get work or even an eduation . 
  this led to areas forming that where uneducated and poor , roll forward to today and these areas are still around . 
  they are not as bad but they are breeding grounds for low educated people prone to crime . 
  it 's simply bad luck being born into a shitty area , black people born into affulent areas tend to do exceptionally well , not because they are more intelligent but because they are equally smart but also have a drive to stand out amid the discrimination . 
  you get the same places in other countries but seeing as they are not ethnically different it 's hard to make statistics about them . 
  perhaps i am wrong , but i was under the impression new legislation made it a requirement to stop nations opting out like the current 10 . 
  i have no idea how you got that out of my post but okay . 
  wwii was essentially a wake up call and the who mutually assured destruction cemented it in place . 
  although europe had been at war with one another a lot total destruction was unknown to those generations and the war fought on everyones doorstep acted to unite everyone for fear it would happen again . 
  it simply has n't gone that way anywhere else yet , who says it can not happen . 
  i can not speak for ireland i have no idea if they would be better off in or out of the uk , the usa is different however in the distances and size , amount of resources etc. 
  pre unification both scotland and england where largely irrelevant , both incapable of colonisation and holding much power . 
  together we became the most powerful nation ever seen . 
  perhaps i am leaning somewhat on the historical side , but i see no reason whatsoever that splitting up will be beneficial . 
  i do yes , if you take anyone from any race and raise them in a western environment they all reach the same potential , if genetics played a role then you would expect lower test results . 
  it 's more to do with being raised in a healthy environment , it raises the iq as disease during growth massively stunts iq . 
  take africa as an example disease is highly prevelant . 
  there are other factors such as temperature , animal life ( field plowing ) , plant life ( only certain things can be farmed ) and raw materials . 
  australia is somewhat of a mystery to me though , the south has everything you need to advance yet the aborigines did n't , with the exception of boat making which was waaay ahead of their time , yet they forgot this somehow . . 
  rubbish !, 
  colonialism never happened . 
  no value except this list of values which make a huge difference to the advancement of society . 
  sure if you erased everyone from say syria , and then started from scratch , with new modern thinking and more liberal system you could create a stable productive country . 
  however you can not do that , instead you have to try and change something seriously set in it 's ways , with centuries of history and culture . 
  out of interest what makes you think skin colour is the reasoning behind the european dominance for a few centuries ? 
  arabs and the chinese where the most advanced for a long time . 
  there is little to no biological difference between different races , so it 's not that . 
  has the idea that location benefited us ever crossed your mind ? 
  the uk is in the eu . 
  the uk has a veto and a chair . 
  scotland does not , neither does wales , england or ni . 
  if scotland breaks off it would need to pass multiple barriers to be eligible to join ( it would probably pass most of these ) . 
  when you are dealing with such a complex system you can not just claim everything will be fine to pass an agenda . 
  not entirely true . 
  since then it 's become a requirement that new countries joining the eu would adopt the euro . 
  you may want to debold that completely . 
  irish , english and scotish cultures are very very similar . 
  which is one of the reasons we clash a lot . 
  we all want to be different but frankly are not . 
  i agree we need a more representative system , av would have been good had it got through . 
  full blown independance benefits no-one though . 
  it just serves to make everyone weaker , shafts centuries of unification and essentially is like the concorde . 
  one massive step backwards . 
  i also support more regional power delegation . 
  scotland has different needs to london , which has different needs to the north of england . 
  sheesh , we are not going anywhere !, 
  get over it . 
  do n't forget the entire european commission is made of englishmen with the sole intent of dicking on everyone . 
  i was amazed the passion of the christ did n't have english people killing jesus . 
  from my few expediences to france , i would take british food over french anyday . 
  there is no place like home and all that . 
  damn those orphans get everything in life . . 
  we like to say ` was invited to britain ' , that way we keep the claim of nearly 1000 years uninvaded . 
  bridges last ` forever ' faces dissapear if not immortalised through picture . 
  i would personally prefer to see the philosophers swapped out for engineers or humanitarians . 
  rammstien !, 
  i do n't think scotland would require schengen , if it did the uk would have to block easy access across the border , which would be utterly rediculous . 
  could you imagine having to use a passport to get to the south or north ? 
  perhaps you are right , it would be sensible to recognise the unique situation , but since when did laws and regulation become sensible . 
  prostitution is a symptom of biology . 
  one major issue would be under current law new entries to the eu have to take the euro . 
  if scotland where to count as a new entity they would need to adopt the euro , which would be a pain . 
  most shops in scotland would still use the pound and any along the boarder ( both sides ) would have to use both . 
  well i suppose even animals can socialise sucessfully ... 
  physically not mentally . 
  one of the major parts of being human is the ability to socialise . 
  failing to integrate is failiure to socialise . 
  very true !, 
  i am not sure if thats insulting or awesome . . on the one hand the ashes are usually considered somewhat ` sacred ' and should not be thrown around , rather left alone . 
  on the other hand being immortalised in/as a painting is fairly cool ... 
  assuming of course the painting is good , i would be highly pissed off if i knew my ashes where used to paint some of the aweful painting known as ` modern art ' , it 's all subjective , rather hard to know the opinions of the deceased . 
  not really , we have stood our ground in europe despite constant pressure . 
  my great-grandfather served in the secret/forgotten army ( burma ) , once he was hiding behind a rock with his friend when a bullet shot his friends toe off .
