  to an extent i agree , the scots leaving would rip my home in two . 
  however as they live in that part and i do n't it 's hard to argue i should have a vote . 
  the difficult part is catalonia has signed an agreement stating the country is one and everyone gets a say , self-determination is important but unfortunately this is n't a simple cut and dry thing so there will be a lot of debate . 
  catalonia going independent effects everyone in spain , when people get effected they expect a say . 
  well london is only 45 % white british , so it 's not too hard to see why . 
  then take into account non-white british people who appear at first glance to be immigrants and it 's quite easy to get inflated statistics , especially as people who look different tend to stand out more . 
  yeah me too ... still beat the rest of the uk and that is all that matters . 
  i tried reading it , but put it down when he started calling the jews smelly . 
  catalonia is n't a separate country though . 
  kazhakstan has territory in europe , that does n't mean it gets included . 
  like i said it 's cultural which is why cyprus is always included . 
  either way the fact it even has to be discussed quite clearly shows people do n't consider turkey properly european , it 's always been the country straddling the two continents . 
  it 's one or the other mate , the current borders of europe run along geographic and cultural lines , which is why turkey is n't usually included yet georgia is . 
  armenia and azerbaijan are also sometimes included along with turkey in a broader definition . 
  to be fair the borders of europe where drawn up based on religion . 
  that is why the caucus border is georgia the last orthodox nation , and why europe ends at the bosporus strait . 
  bosnia and co , became muslim after the borders where drawn up . 
  more to the point though it 's geographically easier to stop at a straight than halfway down a peninsula . 
  it 's also why a river and mountain range make up the eastern border . 
  he already has ... 
  because assuming a generous 1 weapon per place that leaves 137 places without any . 
  you ca n't just raid peoples homes . 
  to a kid it 's just singing , if the subject does n't know they are worshiping then by the very definition it 's not worship so it definitely does n't count . 
  singing songs was kinda fun as a kid as was the play at the end of the year . 
  the trips down to the local church once per year where boring however , as was saying prayers but i tended to just laugh during them as the concept was daft coming from a non religious family . 
  and you score a mark for 20 according to the book i was reading , hence why 20 is a score !, 
  i think this sums up enligsh quite nicely : [ poem ] ( http://ncf.idallen.com/english.html ) tried to type it out but totally failed at the formatting . 
  that was a good read . 
  incidentally the ` eeny , meeny , miny , moe ' rhyme is probably descendant from a cumbrian celtic language rather than one of the currently existing ones . 
  it 's quite nice to see some english celtic origins to things as they are not usually thought about . 
  it 's not revisionism bullshit it 's a quip in reply to a daft comment . 
  obviously there is far more to centuries of warfare than can be summerised in 1 sentence . 
  i was going to put a comment after explaining that but did n't think it was necessary , guess i was wrong . 
  you where the one who brought up european society in relation to iberia not me stop trying to pretend otherwise . 
  obviously there was no pan european ideals at the time . 
  the point was islam has been pushed out of europe before and was not a fundamental part of spain in any way shape or form . 
  if islam was compatible with the european invaders at the time it would have stuck around , but it did n't it was removed and replaced . 
  what does a tax revolt have to do with the caliphate being pushed out of iberia ? 
  also you brought up spain and the european society in the 700 's why are you asking me what it means ? 
  islam was wiped out there because it did n't get on with european society . 
  i 'm kinda curious if this event is going to make people more pro or anti-europe . 
  specifically in the uk . 
  we all invade egypt ? 
  i would n't compare the two . 
  iraq was an illegal invasion with literally no prompting and massively unpopular . 
  if anything this would be more akin to libya . 
  that is n't real life . 
  the eu will take one hell of a hit if the uk leaves . 
  it 's one of it 's core members , one of the largest benfactors of the eu , the most globally influential and the largest ( or tied with france maybe ) military power in the eu . 
  the eu will look like a joke on the global stage if it ca n't even keep one of it 's main members , the uk is very important to the eu , both will survive a breakup but it wo n't be pretty for either side . 
  it 's the other way for me . 
  makes me want to stay out of spite . 
  any man who must say , `` i am the king '' is no true king, 
  yeah ... the flag of the country , the name of the city they fly to . 
  no it 's not , calories in = calories out , at the end of the day it 's that simple . 
  your body burns between 1600-2000 + calories simple by existing all day . 
  trillions of cells needing energy to keep them alive . 
  you eat less than that and you lose weight . 
  exercise is good for cardiovascular health and muscle retention/gain but not a requirement in weight loss . 
  low activity does n't mean high weight . 
  if you are too busy gaming to stuff your face you will lose weight . 
  they spend tens of hours a day playing , rather than just sitting in front of a tv watching and eating . 
  i do n't think i have ever seen a fat e-sporter . 
  most spend too much time training to slob out . 
  like f1 !, 
  i think a sport taxes you physically , an e-sport taxes you mentally . 
  we may have earned that . 
  that 's called a recipe . 
  i ca n't believe you beat us in tea drunk , and beans eaten . 
  that 's pretty interesting , cheers . 
  someone else just mentioned you have lots of ways of pronouncing ` ch ' , so which one ? 
  i agree with you i really do , but this vote is being decided by people who have no clue . 
  i do a lot of reading on the subject and still have no idea of all the benefits/negatives the eu has brought over the decades . 
  people have short attention spans , just look at general elections . 
  you do crap for 4 years , then spend 1 year being lovely to people so they vote you back in . 
  the refugee crisis is critical to this vote . 
  it 's something happening right now , and it 's all about the eu . 
  people see it handled well they will vote to stay , people see it handled badly , it 's bye bye . 
  regrettably it 's a negligible percentage of the voters who are informed enough to make a decent decision . 
  not to mention no-one actually knows what will happen with either outcome . 
  you monster , violating the 26 letter alphabet . 
  bell-end would be the term i would use . 
  well he did own a country . 
  i was n't born 60 years ago , what do i care about that ? 
  i 'm sure you know the vast majority of voters only remember/care about what they have seen in the last few years . 
  it 's why opinions fluctuate so badly . 
  people tend to think about the short term , even at the cost of the long term . 
  which is becoming quite apparent with the poor handling of the climate change issue . 
  if that where true there would n't be so much vitriol toward britain ` not playing ball ' . 
  it 's not even a letter !, 
  what do you mean ` ch ' is very common in english . 
  now the name bjorn i can not do at all , get the funky o wrong every time , i ca n't even hear the difference let alone pronounce it . 
  same with some dutch . 
  sort of , newton coined the term ` standing on the shoulders of giants ' . 
  meaning he just added the end bits to what everyone else had already done . 
  an invention that is n't built on everyone elses work would be a ` non human achievement ' in this context . 
  not sure how many of those there are . 
  to be fair cyclists are a pain in the arse . 
  we do n't have very good infrastructure for them , so when one is on the road the flow of traffic just tanks . 
  they try to filter like motorbikes but do n't go fast enough , you have to swerve around them which is impossible in a traffic jam so you go even slower than normal .
