  i said the eu effected the referendum with it 's poor handling of the crisis , not the uk had nothing to do with it , nor did i comment on the morals behind it . 
  i swear all the responses to my post have been people adding in their own arguments and criticising those . 
  i said it failed europe , not it failed the refugees . 
  their treatment has been appaling , but none the less , does n't give germany the right to bring in millions of people when they are part of schengen . 
  ah , so the suspension of the 1990 dublin protocol never happened ? 
  germanys ` welcome culture ' is n't a thing ? 
  i 'm so glad it was all just a misunderstanding !, 
  germany , austria and hungary are all part of schengen , and as you said `` so much for the wishes of other eu countries '' , kind of proves my point do n't you think ? 
  the eu is a collective , if it wanted to convince others we should work together , or even offer as a group to fund naval excursions of countries which have capable navies , it could have . 
  it did n't though , we just blamed one another . 
  as you say crisis should show co-operation is needed . 
  we totally failed . 
  the eu failed , the entire eu failed not just everyone but the uk . 
  it 's that failure that caused brexit to pass . 
  i totally agree we should stay and try to help fix the issues , shame half my countrymen disagree . 
  i never said i blamed germany , get that chip off your shoulder , literally not once in my post did i blame germany . 
  i said the eu , which is everyone , no-one worked together to get things done , we just ignored it and shifted blame . 
  merkles contribution was when she went out and said refugees are welcome in europe , she did n't have the right to say that . 
  germany is part of schengen and by inviting people to her country they have to pass through other nations first , and once there they are free to just leave and wander around . 
  sure i can , the eu did n't cause the crisis itself but it made it worse . 
  refusing to help greece and italy deal with it , then blaming greece for letting people in . 
  merkle literally saying everyone is welcome , against the wishes of the vast majority of eu countries and their members , and having no decent plan to deal with refugees once they are here , or rescued from the med . 
  the eu could have offered naval help to greece and italy to patrol it 's waters , could have offered to fund proper refugee camps and get communities , or even ( and this would be highly contentious ) , setup camps in syria after securing small areas near turkey , of course the last point would require huge co-operation and i would assume many against it but the option was there . 
  you yourself are blaming the border nations , it 's not their problem it 's everyones . 
  if we are supposed to be a collective , we help one another . 
  this crisis ( along with the handling of greece 's austerity ) made it quite clear to many in britain that the eu does n't give much of a shit about the countries inside it . 
  personally i think we can help change that and we should n't give up , but it 's the actions of the eu that caused the vote and caused the outcome . 
  it 's not just brits being greedy and stupid as seems to be the common sentiment . 
  so is n't that a point in favour of the uk not against it ? 
  we are democratic enough to allow a vote , rather than preventing one . 
  every country has the option to leave , what are you talking about ? 
  the shitty handling of the refugee crisis heavily effected the referendum , brexit is as much the eu 's fault as the uk media/governments . 
  worked great for france . 
  alright , i made that sound a bit sinister , however as the general election showed the conservatives where nowhere near a majority of votes . 
  on top of that people voted assuming cameron would be the pm . 
  meaning the tories have a majority in parliament due to a broken system not due to how the public wants things . 
  and no i do n't see the security threats presented , this is all data going through gchq not my living room . 
  it 's not like anyone an sit down and have a nose at mp 's private going-ons . 
  if we are subject to snooping it 's frankly a security hazard not to have mp 's also scrutinised . 
  it means there is only 1 channel safe to communicate on , and as we all know , people in a position of power never commit any crimes right !, 
  true , although that was sold by europeans ( russia ) to other europeans ( usa ) , to stop it being taken by yet more europeans ( uk ) . 
  i assumed he meant median salary or household income . 
  of course i can understand that concept why would n't i be able to ? 
  it does n't matter if she thinks they are good though , forcibly passing laws against peoples wishes just because she thinks they are ` good for the country ' , ignoring advice from expert opinions , omitting herself from the laws ( snoopers charter ) , that is what makes her ' a bitch ' . 
  her draconian approach to drugs and pornographic film making , directly impacts peoples health and jobs . 
  she had evidence that prohibition does n't work and even got independent research on the matter , then changed the result because she did n't like it . 
  that is the exact opposite of doing something good . 
  well the majority was either lost due to revolution by european settlers ( much of south america/usa ) , given independence peacefully ( australia/canada ) or given independence after violence but no revolution ( india/much of africa ) . 
  it 's not but americans are overwhelmingly of european descent , even more so back when japan was occupied . 
  pretty much , japan and south korea have both been under us sphere of influence , and the us is a european ( ex ) colony . 
  she is . 
  this is the woman who enacted the snoopers charter , doctored results from drug reviews , has overseen the banning of some sexual acts on film and passed the act to ban any mind altering substances . 
  boo hoo she has a hard job now , which she is fucking up royally just to save her own skin , rather than doing her job and doing what is best for the country , not peoples feelings . 
  no it does n't , it 's just older women . 
  fyi ` to pull your leg ' means ` only joking ' . 
  you might be looking for ` to wind you up ' , or ` rustle your jimmies ' . 
  true ... but unless we join another market it does n't help us . 
  you could argue some of our industries might have less competition from cutting out the eu countries but they are still there and now just competing on an even foot , however due to being in the eu for so long they are likely to be in a stronger position . 
  well , no the physics of it do n't really work . 
  but grabbing a dog by the collar and dragging them away from or to somewhere ( for example bed ) , whilst issuing negative commands is a very common method of negative reinforcement used to train dogs . 
  if we are going down , we are taking you with us !, 
  which has to pass through the european high courts so good luck with that . 
  this is a union of countries governed by strict law not a gang . 
  2 year olds can get to unexpected places though . 
  which the uk is no-where near doing . 
  this has been my hope for a while . 
  surely no-one in power could be that daft ... 
  right ? 
  nope . 
  no , they will still trade with us . 
  however now you will have to pay tarrifs , this means it 's cheaper for people in the eu to buy product from places that do n't have tarrifs . 
  you now have to compete with every other country in the world who also has tarrifs rather than having the advantage of offering cheaper goods . 
  ... sheesh ever met or been a child ? 
  i used to climb up bookshelves , would use a combination of chairs/mattress/cushions / boxes/my brother to get to high up places . 
  shockingly a child can get to elevated surfaces . 
  people smack dogs on the nose all the time ... 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania . 
  the three countries directly under finland ( the testicles of scandinavia ), 
  so , deliberately fuck up nationalising so it can be privatised ? 
  if you check out the story on the dm all the top comments are fairly anti-brexit . 
  it 's rather weird . 
  oh i must have missed teresas invasion or ireland , silly me . 
  it 's horrible !, 
  i finish work at 16:30 and the drive home is in the dark . 
  the drive in is also in the dark !, 
  both countries are bastards to other people in the past , so trying to single out brits are meanies just shows there is a big chip on your shoulder . 
  sort of , non-western encompasses a larger group , so it could be far higher in certain non-western groups and the average is brought down by others . 
  during the spanish armada the fleet was heavily destroyed . 
  it sailed around scotland and down toward ireland where it was hit by another storm . 
  many sailors fled onto the beaches of ireland to try and survive . 
  the irish killed them all . 
  yeah but britain is in the middle everyone knows that . 
  that 's why it 's longitude 0 . 
  that 's like america building a wall to keep mexicans inside and getting mexico to pay for it . 
  great britain is the colloquial term given to the entire country , and more to the point ` british ' is the official term for anyone living in the united kingdom . 
  british people come from britain . 
  it 's very unusual usage for great britain to refer to just the island , because that would exclude many english and scottish people as well who live on other islands not part of the geographic mass ( such as shetland islands ) . 
  when political discussions come up britain , british and great britain almost always refer to the entire uk , as well as some dependencies such as the isle of mann , scilly isles and the channel islands . 
  yes it is , i ca n't believe this needs to be explained so often . 
  great britain geographically refers to just the big island .
