  the friend did n't make a noise , meerely asked him to have a look see if his toe was still around . 
  he enjoyed dangling the fat from his bacon out of his nose and teeth to try and gross out his freinds and get their bacon after they lost their aappetites . 
  he had a pet mongoose to kill snakes . 
  somehow he survived the jungles of burma and lived until the 1990 's , he only had one leg by the time he died after having the other amputated from smoking too much . 
  him and his wife where the only great-grandparents i had who where alive when i was born . 
  a lot of people confuse it with the crown merging . 
  75 years is a long time , countries have been created or erased , we have gone from gliding to landing on comets and sending probes out of the solar system , we have gone from sending messages by car to instant global telecoms . 
  it really was that long ago . 
  britain was n't part of the founding though . 
  couple of years ago ? 
  well that is bullshit . 
  the uk tried to assist finland but norway/sweden blocked access out of fears of german retaliation and that the uk may seize iron mines for the war effort . 
  churchill wanted to keep pushing russia back but if you did n't know europe had just finished wwii and nearly 60million people had died . 
  there was n't much taste to start another even more bloody war all over again . 
  well the us is the worlds only superpower , so being their little brother would still put us ahead of pretty much everyone else . 
  really not much of a bad thing . 
  shits and giggles ? 
  not sure who to tbh , are you suggesting white people can not drink , drink too much or that people who are not which ca n't and do n't even try to keep up ? 
  now that is an answer . 
  most of it was under ice so unlikely at best . 
  the rest of it was tundra , ` britain ' would be mostly coast with claims on the frozen parts , similar to a colder norway i think . 
  half of france was tundra as well so it would hardly be a power house , spain/portugal would be the stronger nations as you can actually grow crops there . 
  i ca n't say i saw any of that . 
  there was a prayer room anyone could use and that is all . 
  maybe some universities have different ratios . 
  old people in general say those things though to be fair . 
  say what ? 
  what wars are you talking about , europe has been mostly at peace for a long time . 
  this is categorically untrue . 
  assuming we are talking history as you mention the opium wars europe may indeed have been united but not peacefully . 
  as for the eu , the uk acting as a counter weight to france/germany is a necessity , we are not the only ones complaining but we have the most weight behind our words so get singled out . 
  everyone i know calls me weird for liking it :(, 
  presumably they are given cheap shitty ready meals or something to the effect ? 
  tesco basics cottage pie !, 
  you could put that much garlic on a human thumb and it would taste good . 
  it 's unusual but yorkshires stuffed with baked beans and cheese . 
  made all the better from danish bacon and lurpak . 
  i have struggled to find good fish and chips in the uk for a while . 
  the huge surge in competition from kebab shops , pizza places and chicken shops has made it difficult . 
  a decent fish and chip shop needs high turnover , the fish needs to be left out a little for the batter to dry . 
  however if it 's out too long it goes bad . 
  not enough customers means having to fresh fry the fish , which means it 's more greasy when you get it . 
  i do n't remember the last time i had fish that tasted of fish . 
  they are still good around the coast , however i live just about as far from the coast as you can get in the uk . 
  some places are without doubt amazing but there are a lot of shitty takeaways out there . 
  that said there has never been more variety , i can get food from every corner of the globe delivered to my door . 
  or fresh produce at the local markets . 
  shit russia was invading vietnam ? 
  i had no idea !, 
  here was me thinking the war was based on the domino theory . 
  yes but the americans did n't need to stay . 
  it was france being aggressive , failing and then the us doing the same damn thing for no reason , and also failing . 
  you ca n't blame france , the us has absolutely no good reason to move in , they where not helping france they where ` trying to stop the spread of communism ' . 
  yeah i was about to say , must be a different england . 
  suddenly it makes sense . 
  i reckon we would wipe out malaria , which just leaves us nice weather !, 
  meh , the rain keeps our country green . 
  it 's very pleasant compared to the med . 
  everything there is dead , dry yellow colours . 
  i love the sun but it would mean we where surrounded by scrub instead of lush fields and rich woodland . 
  is n't that much easier with their own state ? 
  obesity issues i think . 
  traveling around europe makes you depressed how butt ugly a lot of our population is . 
  although as you said it could just be you forget the less attractive people when abroad . 
  it 's worth a holiday at least !, 
  i have a few friends over here who like to travel around and live in different places . 
  they are trying out the uk for a few years then hoping to move to the netherlands i think . 
  mate , we export more culture than both those countries combined . 
  our music and films travel world wide , our language is spoken globally , the bbc is viewed everywhere . 
  britain is the global number 1 in soft power , which in a large part comes from culture . 
  obviously the weather is n't as sunny , but it 's still warm , we get enough rain so the country looks nice . 
  the mediterranean countries are very dry , nice to holiday in but the constant dead grass gets depressing in my opinion . 
  of course that is just an opinion . 
  the uk is great to live in , lets not pretend otherwise . 
  yeah we all know that only happens in countries with a monarchy . 
  with the exception of all the races found in humanity of course . 
  she is like wolverine !, 
  we can help i just do n't think building refugee camps and forming ghettos is a great way to do it . 
  we have not solved the current immigration issues let alone a new one . 
  i think that reception will go a long way toward helping , however i still do n't think large groups will integrate properly . 
  some have but the already present stigma combined with the low income of refugees will make it extraordinarily hard . 
  that said the more the host country does to help , the easier it will be . 
  that would be ideal , at the moment we have issues with schools being segregated which leads to poor teaching , or teaching of unwanted things . 
  it does n't bother me , i have friends of all races and religions . 
  i get to cherry pick my friends though , i do n't get to influence what happens with everyone else . 
  you ca n't seriously deny the increased crime rates amoungst certain ethnicities . 
  it may be due to perceived or actual poor treatment but how in on earth does bringing in more fix that issue ? 
  it 's not the first generation immigrants that are the problem . 
  it 's their kids , they are not european , they are not middle eastern/pakistani/african etc. 
  and it creates resentment , which creates friction and then both locals and immigrants hate one another . 
  in turn it leads to areas filled with certain ethnicities and no integration . 
  some americans wanted to join no doubt but the general attitude was ` not our problem ' . 
  that is why it took tragedy in both wars to drag the us in , public opinion was not in favour of war . 
  this is why the whole false flag conspiracy for both the lusitania and pearl harbour are so common . 
  the us used the war to project itself to superpower status lets not pretend it was all humanitarian . 
  there was a reason it took so long to join the war . 
  yeah the current system is way better . 
  plenty of ex-colonies are stable , some like the 5 tigers are way beyond just stable . 
  if , and i do mean if , a european headed force where tasked simply to secure and rebuild i think it could work . 
  it would however result in the deaths of europeans , and mean offensive action which is very poorly viewed ( for good reasons ) , so i ca n't see it ever happening .
