  the impression we have over here ( my apologies if it is inaccurate ) is swedes are soft and norwegians can not afford alcohol so do n't get the practice . 
  pff , i am moving if we call our country the ef . 
  the fins will manage it , the others i just do n't see coping , maybe denmark . 
  i think vikings + the royal navy is just unfair on everyone else . 
  my apologies if i came off as rude . 
  nope , he wants the referendum to shut people up , but all his policies have been pro-eu , not pro-federation but pro-eu . 
  no they do n't , the tories , labour , lib dems and snp are all pro eu . 
  the news at the time was saying 48 in the sydney suburbs and 46 in the cbd , guess that was just inaccurate ? 
  on the plus side you have a lot of ac , not so in europe which is why we get so many deaths . 
  hopefully it will start becoming more common if these heat waves increase . 
  i was in aus then !, 
  tried buying a milkshake , idiots gave me a black straw , by the time i walked from the shop to work the straw was on the brink of melting and the milkshake had gone warm . . 
  pretty sure britain is n't nordic , maybe you could make an argument for shetland and the orkneys though . 
  you can vote for no-one as long as you vote . 
  it 's not a forced vote for one of the option . 
  are n't most countries considered female ? 
  eton mess , best dessert ever , along side some scones with clotted cream and jam . 
  say what you want about uk food , our puddings are brilliant . 
  oh sticky toffee pudding with custard ... 
  pretty sure he meant the aborigines . 
  welsh is still around , irish is bouncing back and scots is poking it 's head up . 
  an active approach to language conservation is all that is needed really . 
  i suppose there is still the risk of newer generations deciding they only need english , happens in ireland a lot though their language was stepped on for centuries , eu languages would n't be . 
  it 's cheaper for me to make calls in europe than in the uk . 
  people are respecting their right to protest , no-one has to respect their opinions . 
  most but not all , some farmers have serious problems with rams refusing to mate with ewes . 
  there have been documented gay couples in lots of species , penguins are quite well known for it . 
  he is that bloke from the t-shirt i think . 
  er , you know i think we have enough island . 
  technically , but the channel islands where unified with england at the same time as the normans invaded . 
  it 's not like islanders are massively different , we have all been one country for nearly 1000 years . 
  you have a guernsey flag . . 
  would have been faster with more competent people in power . 
  it 's not opinion mate , scientific , verifiable fact . 
  i 've noticed a lot of people who speak english as a second language actually learn tenses and conjunctures and all that . 
  whereas native speakers often slack off in english lessons ( myself included ) and so do n't actually learn them , leading to mistakes . 
  on the one hand annoyed at the american influence . 
  on the other , proud our language has spread so well and that it can be used to bring people closer which historically is not something the uk has been so great at . 
  on top of that i would love to see it spread globally as a 2nd language , in which case i will be sad i have no unique 1st language . 
  perhaps i should learn welsh ... 
  i do n't want to get stabbed . 
  puts a damper on the weekend somewhat . 
  i will start throwing them on the floor more often, 
  they are more likely to go down to 95 than up to 100 . 
  95 still gives the impression of a full euro cheaper which increases sales . 
  wish we would do this with the pennies , total waste of metal . 
  you often do n't get a choice influences at school are out of your control short of moving to a new school which just is n't the cards for many families . 
  all the troubled people are not troubled simply because their parents are bad . 
  the obvious would be if there is physical marks , and certain places are entirely out of bounds , face for example . 
  drawing an exact line is n't needed though . 
  where do you draw the line between blue and purple ? 
  at some point it 's hard to tell at others it 's easy . 
  laws have grey areas for a reason . 
  pretty amazed how many people in here do n't know the difference between spanking/smacking and beating/child abuse . 
  clip on the back of the legs = / = slap in the face/beaten with a belt . 
  well that is just bollocks . 
  a parent can be perfect but if there is negative influence in other parts of their life , school in particular , the child can still not turn out how you want . 
  a smack and beating are not the same thing , stop pretending it is . 
  did any nicknames for coins pop up based on the animals ? 
  you 're not invited this time . 
  we just want attention . 
  unless we lose , in which case we where just joking . 
  i have heard plenty of americans get offended by the word yank . 
  it 's not strictly speaking derogatory though , it 's a bit like limey , not insulting but you still use it . 
  we 'd rather be invaded by russia . 
  the conservatives are pro eu not anti . 
  hey , we try our absolute best to pretend that never happened . 
  stop brining it up !, 
  which is fine if you win . 
  for fun usually the french or americans . 
  france because it 's tradition , america because it 's similar enough to be culturally annoying and we get a lot of their tv . 
  in reality no-one , but argentina is rarely popular , ca n't see many taking it out on individuals though . 
  an englishman , scotsman and irishman are running from the police , they duck down an ally but it is a dead end . 
  they decided to hide . 
  the englishman jumps into a crate , the scotsman into a barrel and the irishman into a sack . 
  the police arrive . 
  `` hmm , ca n't see them around , maybe they are hiding in this crate '' quickly the englishman goes `` squeak . 
  `` ah , it 's just a mouse . 
  perhaps they are in the barrel '' quickly the scotsman goes `` meow , purr '' . 
  `` ah , it 's just a cat . 
  perhaps they are in the sack '' . 
  quickly the irishman yells `` potatoes !, 
  i started playing an online game recently which has only one server . 
  which means during the day it tends to be european , toward the evening more americans come online . 
  you can tell when the americans are online because the chat goes from normal rubbish to racist rubbish . 
  the amount of jew/black jokes is staggering . 
  in the long run i could see organs being printed to test on , and animals being a last use before human testing when we are more confident they will do what we want . 
  for now though it 's just not feasible . 
  natural almond flavouring comes from the stones of peaches and contains hydrogen-cyanide . 
  artificial almond flavouring is the same compound but purer so no cyanide . 
  guess which sells better . 
  24.4 % of the electorate i think it was in total . 
  it does include it , some people think it is just a contraction of great britain though . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't talk about objectivity when your argument is ` lol i do n't think it 's a country ' . 
  the states where never individual countries ( apart from texas i think ) . 
  the same is not true in the uk . 
  that said ni is n't recognised as country even inside the uk . 
  just because your education is lacking does n't make things untrue . 
  there are cultural borders between scotland , england and wales that are as clear as those between some bordering nations in the eu . 
  the clue is in the name mate .
