  it may also have caused france to over extend and face heavy losses ( which in hindsight would have been a gamble worth taking ) . 
  there where little to no german troops on the french boarder , to the point french tanks actually rolled into germany , met no resistance and left again . 
  some certainly did , a lot more wanted to win but end the holocaust . 
  if it makes you feel any better my great grandfather served in burma as well , they are known as the forgotten army because no-one ever seems to remember them . 
  lived in aus for a year , it 's exactly like home only warmer and i get to hear kookaburras instead of wood pigeons on the walk to work . 
  english is a germanic language with french influence not a romance language with germanic influence . 
  the joke in the uk is that belgium was created by the uk simply as another method of pissing off france . 
  because it 's asking how much the native population makes up the total population ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.visabureau.com/australia/working-holiday-visa.aspx ) is the visa i got , though i think i got mine through [ sta travel ] ( http://www.statravel.co.uk/australian-working-holiday-packages.htm ) . 
  not sure which is easier , we did n't use any of the sta benefits as far as i recall . 
  stayed in hostels , hotels and we nearly rented a place but it fell through in the end . 
  either way best trip i have ever been on , but be warned australia is expensive so bring money to start up with , get a job asap if that is your goal , and be careful not to spend all your cash in the first month and sponge off your friend until you finally find work ... not that that ever happened to me of course . 
  working holiday , you can get a job for up to 6 months , and you can extend the visa for another year or apply for residency . 
  now those are easy , took me an hour to a year long holiday visa to aus . 
  as a british citizen you will find it much easier to get the visas than pretty much anyone else . 
  half of perth is british immigrants . 
  yeah both are nice and empty , one reason i want to move back to aus . 
  of course you could always move north in the uk , less sun though . 
  my parents recently got back from a trip to vancouver island , they where there 3 days and already plan to buy a house there if possible . 
  supposed to be an incredible place . 
  sydney is obviously fairly crammed as are the other major cities but there is loads of space in aus , lots of towns outside especially nsw and vic , cooler temperatures too . 
  i lived in australia for a year and loved it , keep in mind though the people are almost exactly the same as brits just a little more blunt . 
  the government is more right wing than ours and doing all sorts of crazed things . 
  far more draconian surveillance for example , anti-environmental ideas , etc. 
  still loved it though , high wages , lovely weather and lovely foods . 
  any ideas where you would prefer ? 
  australia is nice but if you do n't like the uk i am not sure you would like aus , it 's the same but warm . 
  obviously bias but i ca n't think of anywhere else i would rather be born . 
  european nations like the netherlands/sweden are great but do n't have the bonus of the commonwealth and easy access to the bbc . 
  the us is okay but to be frank is just a richer uk but with more religion , more crime and even less hope of getting a decent government . 
  i do n't think higher wages balances it out , plus i can move anywhere i want in europe and most of the commonwealth with little effort , for the us is far harder . 
  australia/nz/can are probably my second choice ( again clearly i am bias ) but they do n't have the added bonus of being 2 feet from europe and being geographically the ` centre ' of the world . 
  europe to the east , north america to the right , safari to the south . 
  i do n't think that is true at all . 
  the empire was forged through war with equals mostly . 
  britain had to wrest control of the oceans from other european nations to have the ` right ' to take other land . 
  clearly nicking someones land and killing them is n't something to be proud of , but look at it from a historical perspective . 
  it was going to happen , someone would have done it and by doing it we secured our place as a modern nation rather than being stamped on by larger empires . 
  not only did this small island retain independence it grew so huge it won the european game of empires and changed the world ( for the better ? ) . 
  what we should be proud of is clearly not the subjugation but what was done with it . 
  places like hong kong , malaysia and singapore are in far better shape than other european colonies . 
  the us , aus , nz , canada where built on horror ( as is most of south america and all of the caribbean ) but they where released ( with the us as an exception ) peacefully unlike other empires . 
  it 's very debatable whether than partitioning of pakistan and india where overall beneficial to the region . 
  i would n't like to comment but it 's possible it saved many lives ( at a hefty cost ) . 
  more importantly though is having an empire of that size allowed us to almost globally abolish slavery and piracy , we even gave up territory and money in exchange for countries to stop the practice , that has to be worth being proud of ? 
  yet it would be impossible without pax brittania . 
  finally there is the obvious , the british empire is the largest empire in history . 
  we won . 
  we beat every other equal to build it , even if it does n't make you proud you can bet your arse not everyone feels that way . 
  we beat the french , dutch , germans , spanish , portuguese , russians , danish and italians . 
  i do n't think that 's true , i can be proud of my family , i can be proud of my friends , why ca n't i be proud of my countrymen and what we have accomplished over the years ? 
  we do n't celebrate st. georges day in england very often , i think it smacks of nationalism rather than patriotism and makes people feel uncomfortable . 
  i do n't get the whole ` call the us awful ' thing . 
  it 's not , it 's just not as good as it could/should be , the same thing can be said for many european countries mine included . 
  guy fawkes night ? 
  that video had me in stitches . 
  there where no stabbings in serbia ? 
  kilo is lower case , that is a kelvinmegawatt . 
  there where massive anti-gay protests in belgrade just last year ... 
  we know the irish can take it , they have been for centuries . 
  fuck you serbia !, 
  i 'll kill you !, 
  we had 3 norwegians knock on our door in manchester and ask to come into our party . 
  one passed out on the floor with his trousers around his ankles and had to be taken home by his friends . 
  no-one else was in that state . 
  would you say norwegian people are fucking trash ? 
  least he could fit in the bath with them . 
  i do n't know a single person who goes out to coffee shops for an evening out . 
  i know maybe 1 person who does n't drink and a few who only drink sometimes . 
  baldric do you know what irony is ? 
  yeah , it 's like goldy or bronzy only made of iron . 
  where was the irony ... ? 
  it 's france not uganda , get another job . 
  for the record i 'm not saying the situation is good or they have no point but it 's not like there are not other avenues to take other than burning things . 
  it would , less food means more demand from supermarkets so farmers could sell at higher cost . 
  did n't somerset brie win an award for best cheese ? 
  i do n't know much about cheese but i am blisteringly livid you single out france and italy for cheese but not the uk . 
  we have the best cheese !, 
  other than puddings it 's the best food we have . 
  there is a reason cheddar is so popular , and stilton , and somerset brie !, 
  which is n't nuclear weaponry . 
  no , but ukraine has no network of alliances , no real ties to other nations , etc. 
  if we are talking no eu ever having formed then perhaps , but if we are talking eu dissolving i do n't see it happening . 
  there has been so much integration , everyone has friends in different countries , everyone has work colleagues from other countries . 
  we know one another now in ways that have never happened before . 
  the public would not stand it , russia on the other hand is not in the same boat as the rest of europe , they are sailing off by themselves . 
  if there was a major war it would inevitably be with them . 
  so ... economics ? 
  whilst i believe the eu has massively contributed to global peace i also think wars between european nations would be ` impossible ' even without the eu . 
  this is simply because of things like the internet which actually let you see everything , talk to people from the other side and communications allowing everyone to know everything in minutes . 
  none of these things have been present before and i think they would make a difference . 
  yup , see the guy wearing a dress , stockings and yelling in a megaphone . 
  that 's the brit . 
  i hate you for not putting those in a sensible order . 
  i think it turned out to be false but i like the idea anyway . 
  so . . all the french ? 
  i 've yet to meet a greek person who does n't like me . 
  honestly most people at home i know of drink before going out as well , it 's what causes many of the problems as people get so pissed they get into fights/black out later on . 
  the only norwegiens i have personally been out drinking with passed out and took their clothes off , apart from one who stayed out and we had a great time . 
  oo and the wife of a finish bloke who unfortunately had to head home after she fell off her stool mid sentence .
