  even if these people where paying 90 % of their total income to tax they would still be better off than most of the country ( i am not saying they should ), 
  fuck it i am staying in australia ... 
  am i the only one that reads that as murcia ? 
  ( not yours in partficular ), 
  i found polandball a few days ago . 
  did nothing else all day just read poladball ... 
  awesome , we get part of brittany . 
  seems fair to me . 
  personally i think taking the welsh colonies in argentina is also applicable . 
  looks like closer to canada to me, 
  oh , right . 
  of course , the ginger thing would make no sense otherwise . 
  it 's not entirely relevent but there was a leak in the pipe between the local meter and our house . 
  wwater leaked out for months ( the field across the road turned very green !, 
  so they tried to charge us for it because it was on ourside of the meter , despite the fact that the pipe leak is , firstly their problem and secondly not even on our land . 
  london bridge is in the us . 
  why ? 
  we get a lot of tea from the continent ? 
  i am not saying it has n't , or that their position is not deserved . 
  meerely repeating what g_morgan said . 
  however i belive he was simply pointing out what could happen , rather than the ethics behind stopping it . 
  simply be prepared for change !, 
  i would definatly go to church if he was the minister . 
  yes . 
  heh , at home we have the same sort of thing . 
  there are an increaseing number of atheist vicars , who do it for the enjoyment of talking to people , knitting together society and teaching good morals, 
  that 's not true . 
  hydrophobic particales are not afraid , they are repelled by . 
  homophobes are not afraid of gay people they do n't like them . 
  phobe is used to mean irrational fear , but it 's not its only use . 
  phile and phobe , bascially mean love and hate , attract and repel . 
  he is saying if they do n't feel responsible they are more likely to reject french proposals if they are not in germanys best intrest , where as now they are more likely to agree to them . 
  once the time comes there is no-one feeling guilty , germany may start to be more demanding . 
  my point was people feel closer to those countries rather than europe . 
  if it was simply an island mentality people would not feel close to either . 
  i have to disagree , i think about visiting oz , canada , sa , and the us before i think about going to poland , or denmark . 
  they are the anglosphere countries and the closest culturally ( except sa and to an extent the us ) , they also all speak english and although so do most europeans it 's still not my first though . 
  i belive it does have a lot to do with the 'em pire ' or more accuratly the anglosphere . 
  i missed all of them except the irish flag , which i looked and at did n't register the us blob said italy . 
  so i failed to get the jooke :(, 
  the 1 pound is the most perfect coin . 
  it will be sad to see it go . 
  i will end up homeless when we get the euro . 
  it looks too fake i spend it like monopoly money every time i go abroad . 
  i live in the leafy outskirts of the surrey/hamshire border , there is a muslim area near one of the local schools , it entirely segregates itself . 
  that said some of the guys i have met in there are great people , and do n't really care too much about their religion . 
  some of the others are complete pricks though that go around stealing things . 
  like everything it depends on the individual , however with a different culture and skin colour you tend to stand out so it 's more memorable when something happens . 
  also the pakistani chap who ran the corner shop at uni was brilliant , never met such an eccentric person . 
  people do n't want to be assaulted by a group of aggresive teenagers . 
  it 's easier to just put down the beer then curse them later , rather than mouth off and get hospitalised or worse . 
  ehh , rightwing politics are getting more and more prevelant . 
  i could see violence getting more frequent if the muslim population continues getting larger and being more vocal . 
  with global warming accelerating antarctica will ` soon ' be habitable . 
  you want a completely muslim continent with access to huge amounts of resources ? 
  congratulations you got one guy to put down his beer out of fear of being assualted . 
  i am sure he will go home and convert right away.or more likely go home , swear to his freinds about you and your religion and spread a little more hate until it boils over and everything kicks off . 
  damn , can not remember he name . 
  was he shot in the house of commons ? 
  in the house of commons there are two lines on the floor between the benches . 
  they are two sword lengths apart for a reason . 
  wo n't be long before we can fix both , we already can to a very basic standard . 
  i do n't think people are cheering people dying , rather cheering that those trying to help are winning . 
  i think the stigma attatched to pacifism is it makes it sound like if someone where being assaulted the pacifist would stand by and let it happen , which is as good as being the assaulter ( not saying they do ) . 
  it 's also biologically programmed into us to work as a society and pacifism can be seen as not helping which is breaching ` protocol ' . 
  i do n't understand how a defensive war can be hard to justify . 
  it would be putting the lives of the aggressors above the lives of the defenders . 
  sure you could just give up x amount of land/resource , but people do n't work like that . 
  the attackers would simply do it again until there is nothing left of said pacifist society . 
  to me pacificm is too idealistic . 
  i really do wish we could live in a world with no aggression , but we have no control over others and people will suffer if you let people do whatever they feel like . 
  ` collateral ' is without doubt the worst part of war , innocents being killed . 
  another major problem would be brainwashing , take child soldiers they are not evil they do n't deserve to die , but neither do the people they are shooting . 
  so how do you choose ? 
  you can not take a pacifist stance here because someone dies no matter what . 
  do you assist those being attacked and kill the children who have bene brainwashed , or do you standback and do nothing , allowing innocent people to be killed . 
  the question is a bit loaded but it 's also a real situation . 
  ideally capture and phsycologial help would fix the issue but we both know it 's not possible on large scales or even for single people at times . 
  as silly little thing says that seems like the most sensible way to look at things . 
  i do n't understand how pacifism can work . 
  are you pro sitting back and letting people be killed by others or are you pro helping people so they can live in peace ? 
  it 's far away is a terrible reason , people are dying and being subjugated . 
  now most people do n't give a crap about other people suffering , however from a political pov a large fundamentalist islamic nation is not a good thing for europe when it 's so close . 
  thats what the french are trying to stop , something that everyone in europe will benefit from so something everyone should participate in . 
  it 's almost garunteed to happen eventually . 
  the time scale could range from decades to centuries though depending on many things . 
  the next logical step would be a common currency across north america and europe , perhaps australia too . 
  eventually many many many years from now a unified globe . 
  i can not see that happening for millenia though . 
  i lived with friends for 5 years but i need to start saving again for more education so had to move back to my parents house . 
  costs are going up , wages are going down , jobs are being cut . 
  it 's the most sensible option . 
  the friends i have that live in their own houses ( or with one/two others ) can not afford to do anything , it 's just work to pay the rent and food . 
  when a house is # 100,000 and you are lucky to earn 15k a year it 's hard to move out . 
  or even have a job for that matter . 
  recessions suck arse . 
  i have had a job since 16 or younger and there is still no way in hell i can afford a house . 
  i came close to moving in with some friends in a room the size of a double bed but ended staying at home to save money to leave the country . 
  i want to see a special race with just doped people . 
  as many enhancement drugs as you can pump into you !,
