  household spells tend to be based off of old english words , because english household words are usually rooted in old english . 
  more business like and grand spells are based on latin , as our business words are often rooted in latin . 
  the same applies to greek and medical spells . 
  at the end of the day everyone has their own opinions and no matter how much you read not everyone will agree what makes a good book . 
  great art has no measure other than opinion . 
  that is an extraordinary amount of planes , i have honestly never seen those numbers before . 
  i am going to a greek island , where i will lie on a beach , go for walks in the hills and eat salad/fried cheese/meats on the balconies of various resturants around the port and coastline . 
  another point about british involvement . 
  british carriers had metal decks , american ones had wooden . 
  in battles like okinawa the british carriers would act as sponges absorbing the zero 's while the us troops could land . 
  without british help ( until the us got metal decks ) it would have been much harder to take the islands as the japanese could just sink the us carriers . 
  churchill did n't want to exterminate the russians . 
  just stop them from taking over europe . 
  so many italian pow where captured in north africa they had to drive themselves to the camps . 
  from the sounds of it , most of the italians did n't really want to be there . 
  that said it would be nice if a little historical accuracy was instilled . 
  the enigma codes being captured by the americans instead of the hsm bulldog for example . 
  oh god and the patriot/braveheart , i was shocked passion of the christ did n't have english people doing the crucifying . 
  did you put an extra number in there or did the ussr seriously produce 143 thousand aeroplanes ? 
  there are no native cornish speakers , and very , very few people who speak just welsh . 
  not sure about the shetlands . 
  5 % is going to be made up almost entirely by immigrants . 
  i think if there was a legitimate vote then no-one should stand in the way of crimea joining russia . 
  however being invaded and having a non un viewed vote that comes out to the exact percentage discussed over the phone a few days earlier , is not legitimate . 
  sounds like a bit of a risk . 
  having the referendum after the election has a good chance of showing scotland what the rest of the country thinks . 
  having it before is relying on people hoping things change . 
  it 's my home , i 'm british not english . 
  of course i care if it breaks apart . 
  i 'm not happy my country might get ripped in two , what has that got to do with ` owning ' scotland ? 
  i am also unhappy they are not satisfied with the union , our government is shite i do n't want to see the country break up over a few bollocks pm 's . 
  it is a worry . 
  i really do n't think independence is the answer to our shitty government . 
  for starters it does nothing to help the other 60 million people across the uk , the tories did n't legitimatly win and they only gained that many votes due to disgust at labour ( who scotland usually votes for as well ) . 
  the av system would have been a great first step but was shamefully squashed . 
  frankly i think it 's silly the vote is before the general election , because that is what will show what the rest of the country is thinking . 
  the us has several figures like that as you mentioned . 
  the monarchy however is in the public eye so can not get way with the same crap the lobbyists do . 
  which personally i think is quite handy with britains largest land owner !, 
  i do n't think they should vote for independence as it will be bad for scotland and the uk . 
  however i fully support their right to do so , and understand why they may want to . 
  with any luck the vote will fail and the government may buck up their ideas before they have another vote . 
  why would we be happy about it ? 
  doubt it , the uk dragged troops and resources away from the eastern front ( and germany only just failed ) . 
  delayed the assault by assisting in greece and north africa and took out many ships , aeroplanes . 
  the us gave russia huge amounts of gear which is what made it possible to actually fight back . 
  germany and france ? 
  not sure we have fought that combo before . 
  that got serious quickly . 
  the budget did n't stretch to secret cameras , so they had to resort to polaroid cameras and people that think if they ca n't see putin he ca n't see them . 
  there has been a big push to drop the amounts of sugar in food , it was very successful . 
  there is currently one to drop the amounts of salt . 
  rent and license fees should n't stop a kebab shop from selling decent food . 
  you do n't even need high quality cuts of meat in the ` elephant leg ' . 
  just use enough spices and herbs and you can make anything taste nice . 
  there are some great shops which sell high quality pies and such , although they are getting rarer and rarer . 
  it might have something to do with the economy , peoples wages have dropped , prices have risen , so everyone starts buying the cheap crap instead of the more expensive nicer things . 
  so they start to take over . 
  if the day ever comes where i can not buy a nice , warm , fresh cooked croissant from the supermarket however , there will be hell to pay . 
  a serious alcohol problem and addiction to salt/sugar and msg . 
  that is very true , there is no point having a trial if you are just going to shoot them . 
  do n't worry charles will fix everything . 
  the uk has been one of the best spying nations in the world for a long time with fingers in every pie . 
  i would be very surprised if there have not been a few assassinations over the years . 
  you can get real kebabs in the uk too . 
  though mostly in resturants rather than takeaway places . 
  drunk people tend not to be fussy so why bother i guess . 
  sadly it means the kebab has now been pidgeon holed into being ` drunk food ' instead of turkish cuisine . 
  souvlaki on the other hand , mmmm . 
  you even have similar flags just to make it more fun . 
  i never said correct opinions , i said informed . 
  people are stupid . 
  it 's not their fault either , unless you are educated in a subject how are you expected to make an informed decision on it ? 
  we do n't have opt-in porn or terrorist laws targetting peaceful protest . 
  i for one do n't mind the cctv , although they need to be upgraded so they become a little more useful . 
  well britain was attacked in the 70 's . 
  which really was n't that long ago . 
  i do think a european military would be used for defensive purposes only , simply because it is a union of different peoples . 
  why would finland want to send troops to help british interest ? 
  or greeks want to help german corporations ? 
  there would always be enough nations to outvote the one or two that want to fight . 
  just because it 's 2014 does n't mean there is not aggression . 
  ukraine is a great example , it has no allies and no-one to defend it , so got jumped on my a larger neighbour . 
  if it was n't for nato and the eu smaller european nations would have the same problem . 
  i agree with you that sending soldiers to die in an unwarranted aggressive war is something we do not want , and something that the individual nation should be able to vote against , or perhaps even pull out of ( although that kind of defeats the purpose ) . 
  that said i am not against proper humanitarian interventions ( help should have been given in rwanda for example ) . 
  as a defensive union though , every little helps . 
  if a nation is benefitting from it , they should also put in . 
  sorry , i meant that the members of congress get to blame europe rather than you . 
  no-one wants to die , that is the entire point in a unified military . 
  to prevent attacks . 
  the bigger the union the less likely an attack occurs . 
  how did being neutral help denmark/belgium/sweden , etc. 
  willing to bet most of that $ 1bn goes toward buying us goods . 
  basically the taxpayer paying the defence contractors and blaming europe . 
  ireland by itself might not help , but ireland + all the other minor states equates to one major state , which does help . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  some predictions put scotland as doing well , others have it becoming incredibly poor . 
  if those where inherrent benefits every county/district/province would be independent . 
  could be .
