  focus on the good , learn from the bad . 
  like 7 quid in the uk ... 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) says otherwise for 2016 . 
  it 's irrelevant though , even if the uk where just about 2nd the point still stands . 
  i do n't think prostitution is the failure of the state , not unless the state can provide everyone with frequent sex , as well as fulfil their various sexual desires and interests . 
  hello , mrs may . 
  i want to have a threesome with 2 staggeringly hot brazilian women . 
  i 'd like to see what fake boobs are like and they must be into butt stuff . 
  if you ca n't arrange that for me the state has failed . 
  it 's quite common amoungst bonobos as well . 
  you would n't describe the largest empire in history an achievement ? 
  are you barking mad ? 
  i 'm not saying it was a good thing but have some perspective . 
  it was done at a time when everyone was doing it , that meant the empire was n't just beating up poor natives , it was competing with european rivals to ensure we did n't get fucked . 
  the empire is by no means the be all and end all of british influence . 
  newton , darwin , hawking , shakesphere , dickens , etc. 
  british people have had immense global influence , and still do . 
  then we have historical events , the industrial revolution , the agricultural revolution , abolition of slavery , abolition of piracy , etc. 
  then there are inventions such as aspirin , the world wide web , radar , the jet , etc. 
  hell the whole world wears suits , guess where they came from , and the language ? 
  then influence in europe , the defeat of napoleon , and hitler , wwi was a somewhat less black and white but british influence there caused a humungous change . 
  our country has been fucking amazing over the years , and hopefully will continue to be so . 
  preferably alongside our european brothers but that is looking less and less likely every second :(, 
  lets not pretend the uk has not done anything , it 's arguably the single most influential country in human history . 
  history is n't particularly pertinent in the eu discussions but lets not pretend the uk is just some random country few people care about . 
  we are still a very large economy , hold london , have the largest military in the eu and last time i checked where number 1 soft power in the world , might have dropped a bit now though . 
  brexit will be a massive shit show , and i do n't think it should go ahead at all , but it 's not like we are belarus . 
  just be happy you where not bitten by a m\u00f8\u00f8se . 
  well he is dutch so it 's a step up . 
  fluctuations are not important , trends are . 
  that extra 2p will make all the difference . 
  wow , your selling brexit just great !, 
  got to do something !, 
  the uk are horsey sorts of people , why do you think we always win dressage ? 
  yeah great ... no holidays for a few years . 
  well that was my point , some places are no longer ideal for a cheap weekend . 
  yeah ... 
  however typically the hordes of drunk brits starting fights are n't your middle class families . 
  exchange rate matters a huge amount , i need 50 % more money to go on the same holiday , compared to a few years ago , that cuts out a lot of destinations . 
  depends what happens . 
  more and more locations are opening up at the moment , but assuming a recession hits us some of those might get pushed back to ` too expensive ' again . 
  flights are nice and cheap at the moment though , got a return to warsaw for only # 30 next week , holidays !, 
  depends if we can afford it or not . 
  it 's only recently some destinations have opened up for working class travellers . 
  afaik there are 2 rules going through court at the moment . 
  first to require a parliamentary vote to activate article 50 , secondly to require unanimous support from all constituent countries in activating article 50 . 
  first one is likely to happen as it has one already , second who knows . 
  scotland/ni say hi . 
  unfortunately people behave like headless chickens . 
  the referendum fell midway through the refugee crisis , when our headlines where thing like ` merkel says ` we welcome all refugees ' . 
  then people instantly forget we are not part of schengen and it 's not our problem . 
  the anti-brit brigade here is far worse than the anti-eu brits . 
  the majority of british redditors are remain , yet apparently we are being dicks about leaving , which makes no fucking sense as most on here do n't want to leave . 
  hell r/unitedkingdom is basically just commenters wearing big boards saying ` the end is neigh ' . 
  the chronic toxic attitude is perpetuated by people under the illusion britain is being a meany to the eu . 
  totally ignoring the anti-eu sentiment across all of europe , totally ignoring all the opt outs everyone else has , and instead just focusing relentlessly on every little thing , have you seen the post about eu pessimism/optimism ? 
  what 's the title ? 
  then look where other major countries are like france and italy . 
  well our gdp was rising , and we made it globally to 5th place , the recession fucked everything a bit but we where recovering well . 
  recession hit when i was 18 , my entire adult life has so far been in recession or other crap . 
  i do n't want to just persist , i want to go back to flourishing !, 
  the difference here is the scale , brexit will effect them far more than the uk . 
  it 's like making your brother homeless so you can get a tumbledryer . 
  in this particular situation it 's hobbling itself and inconvinencing thousands . 
  that is n't the point though . 
  we ca n't parade around the globe taking land , putting our people there and then further down the road just turn around and go ` eh , fuck you guys , good luck dealing with all the people we pissed off ! ', 
  nice choice . 
  hi i see you are doing well , never mind eh . 
  here are your option , you can be fucked , be fucked or get fucked . 
  do n't worry though , your vote counts for as much as everyone elses so it 's fair !, 
  great , we are some sort of shitty batman ... 
  bull shit it was , almost the entire 13 colonies was british , and it remains to this day the largest ancestry group . 
  you are right about language barriers , however this is n't on the same scale as the us , it 's far larger . 
  the two largest groups in the us for a long time where british and irish , so everyone moving in had a fixed language to learn . 
  it 's a little different with the eu in that it is n't learn english or have no idea what is going on , it 's more learn english as it 's probably a good idea . 
  i 've always thought an eu equivalent of the bbc would be a great idea . 
  minor funding from all nations would give more than enough to cover a high quality channel , free from product advertising . 
  either programmes in many languages , but with subtitles so everyone can view , alternatively , everything in english with domestic subtitles , to encourage more connection with those in other countries . 
  minor pro-eu advertising , not just blatant propaganda but as you mentioned coverage of projects that can be summed up in 30-60s between programmes . 
  things like the billion euro science funds that where warded recently . 
  as well as those perhaps more joint projects , i 'm sure there are loads we do n't hear about , but things like the euro fighter are good press , and all we get at the moment is terrible . 
  one day . 
  reckon we are ready for it now though ? 
  the language barriers are still quite large , anti-eu sentiment is on the rise as the right wing . 
  then again , anti-russian sentiment is also rising , which creates a unified ` enemy ' to oppose . 
  you have been playing too much euiv, 
  k , stick your head in the sand and pretend everyone else is to blame . 
  that will help the eu in the long run . 
  no i attributed some blame to germany , and you took it like i was making a personal attack and saying your country was the sole issue . 
  yes , the eu did n't do anything . 
  that was my entire fucking point , and it caused chaos . 
  nothing yet , think it 's supposed to appear in a few hours . 
  yeah , and instead of keeping them in the border countries and offering help , they are now spread everywhere , pissing everyone off . 
  the rise of the far right is n't just co-incidence , neither is brexit . 
  shitty handling of the crisis is . 
  fair enough !, 
  going by the context it sounded like you meant it as negative . 
  just a misunderstanding . 
  the hell are you talking about , germany has taken more refugees than anyone else , and flat out said they wo n't be turned away , prompting waves of refugees to pass straight through other countries to germany . 
  italy and greece have been trying to stop refugees coming in , patrolling the seas and rescuing people , not encouraging them to turn up .
