  great britain colloquially ( the most common usage of it ) refers to the united kingdom . 
  china recently switched to the right due to car imports not because it 's better , same with many other countries . 
  china was the tipping point before that the left was the majority . 
  driving on the left is the natural way of doing it , whilst walking it allows your ` strong ' side to be facing those you pass , whilst walking as a military unit it allowed your shield side to face the closest part to the edge of the road . 
  whilst riding it means you mount up from the side of the road , not the middle of the road . 
  the majority of europe used to pass on the left , however napoleon changed that as a power play , britain never lost to napoleon so did n't switch . 
  the us switched partly as a ` we are independent now ' move , and partly because the way some wagons where built and quite popular , it made it easier to pass on the right . 
  since when countries have switched between left or right depending on car imports . 
  so if you have loads of cars imported from the usa or mainland europe the wheel would be on the wrong side making it unsafe to drive , so they switched . 
  some have even switched to right , then back to left due to this . 
  over a population of millions of people with millions of interactions there is a statistical benefit . 
  40 % of the world drive on the left . 
  actually there are slight benefits which over an entire country slightly reduce accident rates . 
  so no-one has ever had an accident whilst changing gear ? 
  happy to switch to metric fully , but driving on the wrong side of the road ? 
  hell no . 
  i 've always thought claiming whenever it was as our ` independence day ' as the most insulting thing we have done toward many countries we used to own , for a long time . 
  no but it is how a joke works . 
  you should look up the spaghetti tree bbc video . 
  i honestly think if done properly such a thing could be the best course , however without a unified eu military it can not happen . 
  on top of that people will be against a unified eu military if it going to be used for offensive operations , which this would be . 
  how are they national policy areas when germany is part of schengen ? 
  which is a large reason for the brexit vote . 
  many are hoping for further cohesion once the uk has left , but i do n't see that coming without the immigrant crisis being resolved . 
  more people leaving on the other hand is a real possibility . 
  depends which part of the country you are in . 
  we are very diverse . 
  hey !, 
  there is a difference between evening fun and breeding . 
  where in that sentence did i say , ` he is totally correct ' ? 
  his idea is idiotic , and that is enough , making up things on top of that is just the same sort of shit they do . 
  like i said , do n't stoop to their level , and for the love of god read before making daft comments like yours . 
  why are we also inbred :( not everyone is from cornwall or norfolk . 
  he did n't , people are just deliberately taking it out of context to be aghast . 
  ukip has enough crap for us to take the mick out of , without us making up more . 
  you are taking that out of context , do n't drop to their level . 
  he obviously is n't saying ` if you think about ireland is still technically a country ' . 
  he is saying think about the proposal , then the subject shifts to because ireland is still in the eu it can use funds , etc , yadda , yadda . 
  jokes in inappropriate places is pretty standard over here , guess it explains the entire brexit movement !, 
  mmm no i think you are reading too much into this , it was just a jab at belgium , whilst also slightly taking the mick out of the way our government has dealt with issues by pretending there is some higher idea , hence ` you would n't understand ' . 
  probably because he was making a joke . 
  britain in the eu is n't a bloody plaster , we are n't some small thing tacked on the outside . 
  it 's like removing an appendix , you can either take your time and remove it properly , or just rip it out . 
  i think labour said they will not vote leave unless there is assurances britain can remain in the single market . 
  so i would expect some delays . 
  exactly and we are still feeling the effects . 
  london suffering would cause far bigger issues . 
  this is such a stupid thing to say . 
  every country opposes some things , and supports others , yet people like to pretend the uk is the sole reason everyone is n't living in a glorious wonderland . 
  the euro is weak and caused severe recession without input from the uk , merkle caused untold damage to european demographics and social cohesion with her ` come one , come all policy ' which has seen the rise of nationalism ( and the bloody brexit vote ) across europe , again nothing to do with the uk , and the shitty treatment of greece and italy has not been the uk . 
  many countries have opt outs for all sorts of things , and it 's absolutely not a uk only thing . 
  asking for things in the negotiations for brexit is the only sane thing to do , what exactly are you expecting ? 
  may to just say ` alright , we 'll be off ' , ` who needs a plan we 'll just pray everything comes together ' , it would be total collapse , which incidentally would see the entire eu fucked as well . 
  no-one can afford an economic collapse of london . 
  what exactly are you thinking is the superiority complex ? 
  the local plebs who exist in every country thinking they are the best ? 
  the uk did n't say that at all , may said she might if she does n't get invited to the standard eu talks . 
  she is still the pm of a member of the eu , until that changes the rights of the uk to have a seat at the table do not change . 
  the eu does n't get to decide our input to the eu based on a non binding referendum . 
  only we do . 
  mmmm ... no , sorry . 
  the leave campaign was running the 350m a week nonsense , and handing out campaign leaflets implying syria and iraq where going to join the eu . 
  there was nothing even close to that on the remain side . 
  the amount of europeans who use the uk as a scapegoat is as bad as the amount of brits who use immigrants as one . 
  are you forgetting the shitty policies that where greek austerity , ` invite all the immigrants merkle ' , and the serious trouble the eurozone has been suffering ? 
  whilst i support the eu do n't make the mistake of thinking you can just fob off problems on the uk 's fictitious prevention of everything . 
  everyone with any knowledge of the eu thinks it 's a bad idea , the polls suggest currently over 50 % want to stay now , the referendum only passed due to severe mis-truths from the leave side and a large majority of the democratically elected representatives in parliament are against leaving . 
  unfortunately my circles are rather more liberal so i only know one maybe two people who think that , however i think it 's relatively common view in some places . 
  nowhere near 50 % though , many brexiters voted wanting out due to immigration not due to economical worries . 
  not really no . 
  missed the cold war ? 
  the space race , internet , microwaves , gps , etc. 
  all came from war . 
  which is all the more shameful considering the bbc is usually up there with some of the best news stations there are . 
  it does n't come in paper form though . 
  bull shit they are . 
  so no country in the eu can now have a referendum for fear of being booted out by the others ? 
  nice plan !, 
  49 % is n't a few . 
  of course people want that , who would n't ? 
  the key is to find on what they want more , or just ignore them . 
  hillary raped paedophiles ? 
  marmite for some , miniature european flags for others . 
  good luck understanding scots . 
  yeah but you do n't because there are no jobs in greece . 
  this bill has little to do with brexit , as we have not left yet . 
  you could argue it 's being passed during the chaos though . 
  wait you do n't like french bread ? 
  nah , france does great cheese and bread , everything else is pretty good but not amazing . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  obviously other countries have good deserts as well , but the variability in the uk is greater in my experience . 
  any supermarket worth it 's salt with have an large counter dedicated to cheese plus a cheese section . 
  that is also not the only cheddar available so ... 
  i 'll be honest french cuisine has for the most part never really sparked my palate . 
  apart from french cheese and bread of course . 
  have to agree , then again i live about as far from the sea as you can . 
  it 's been a while since i had really good fresh fish and chips . 
  many people have said it 's the rise of other take-aways , meaning it 's not profitable but i 'm not sure . 
  closing in on 20 across 6 continents . 
  depends where you are going , as a researcher i highly doubt you would hear any of that .
