  i do n't get the shrimp thing . 
  australians call them prawns like we do . 
  i find it ` offensive ' . 
  not because i am in anyway offended to be tied to the scots , but because it damages our relations . 
  both nations are proud and have a long history of warfare , we finally unite and everyone calls scotland england , it 's almost like saying one side won . 
  how else are we supposed to take the piss . 
  making furniture jokes is pretty much the only ammo we have when dealing with swedes . 
  join us ... join us ... join us ... 
  uh oh , i asked two germans to say squirrel since i have been in australia . 
  though in all fairness i genuinely did try and pronounced german words , and failed abysmally . 
  there was a guy at work who when asked where the north sea was just said . 
  ` err ... north ? 
  it 's similar but not the same as a roman salute . 
  the nazi salute was ` invented ' in the us , but quickly changed after the nazi 's soiled it . 
  well the war has nothing to do with it , britain could easily have not done anything too . 
  if we start giving things back we have to give everythign back . 
  the indians will want their diamond , egypt will want their mummies , the past is the past and it 's not like the marbles where stolen , they where bought . 
  i personally love greece , ahve lots of greek friends and will be spending several months their next year . 
  i really do n't think relations are being harmed . 
  also the british museum is free , the marbles will be moved to a paid for museum . 
  more people will see them in london , which is actually beneficial to greece . 
  people see them , want to see more and go visit greece where the rest is . 
  that was the gist of it . 
  who wants to go to a national museum if it only has local stuff in it ? 
  i can go to a local museum for that . 
  currently they are in a free museum , a place that has proven to be safe for a long time . 
  they where acquired legally . 
  if we start the precedent of moving things back to their countries of origin museums across europe are going to be emptied . 
  personally i think they are better off in a safe place , you can visit for free . 
  the british museum has a colossal collection if we start giving things back there will be about 6 items remaining . 
  theft is a crime in ireland . 
  so is poaching . 
  what i find funny is that ` ne ' means yes . 
  languages are for communication . 
  there is very little point leaning a language you can not communicate with . 
  even less when you consider that language could be a more helpful one . 
  why waste time learning manx when i could learn french for example . 
  kind of . 
  though at the same time canada/australia/nz / uk all share far more common words than with the us , which is diverting . 
  australian english for example is almost identicle to uk english but with a few different pronunciations and words . 
  same with canadian english . 
  us english however has hundreds of different words , loads the same but different meanings , and scores with different pronunciation . 
  also it 's our presense in the south atlantic , works as a great launching spot to the antarctic on which we have claims and there is now hints of oil , though i am not sure if it was known at the time . 
  [ finland , finland , finland . 
  the country where i want to be . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rwc3vgvlry ), 
  in all fairness footballers are not known for their excessive brain power . 
  when you shun education to learn to play football , prices are paid . 
  stop that !, 
  bloody vikings , it 's been over 1000 years stop trying to nick our stuff . 
  i suppose argentina might invade , but even without being a crown dependancy they would still be under the protection of the us ( monroe doctrine ) and the uk . 
  england - angle land !, 
  england used to be controlled by the anglo-saxons . 
  the uk has the longest country name in the world ( when written in english ) . 
  the full title being : the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  the united part is fairly obvious . 
  britain comes from prittania/brittania which was a term given to the isle by the romans and greeks , it probably originated some the celts living there at the time . 
  the great comes from the need to distinguish between brittany and the british isles . 
  i think the northern ireland part is fairly self explanatory too . 
  what do you mean protection from the brits ? 
  if the falklands want independence they can have it , but they want to remain british . 
  i am not sure i agree with that , some eu countries are certainly corrupt , but most us senators are rolling in it . 
  by comparison english is know to be simpler , sure it can get hard but the basics are easy . 
  the eu has a 51 % rate of english speakers , it 's the only language over 50 % and so the only majority language . 
  the next highest is only 27 % . 
  please point out the benefits of taking german , spanish , french or italian over english as a lingua franca . 
  if it was not half 12 i would get you the sources i used , it will have to wait until the morning though . 
  are you seriously suggesting that the us is not corrupt ? 
  the entire government is paid for , thats the definition of corrupt . 
  prove it ? 
  no idea how i will go about doing that but i will give it a go . 
  here is an article by [ forbes ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/dorieclark/2012/10/26/english-the-language-of-global-business/ ) , another by [ businesscollege ] ( http://www.businesstrainingcollege.com/business/is-english-the-language-of-business.htm ) on a global scale the most spoken languages are mandarin , then spanish , then english . 
  however that is for native speakers , if you include non native you get : * english 1.5 billion * mandarin 1.3 billion * spanish 500 million * french 220 million * german 170 million now lets have a look at just the eu . 
  currently german has the most native speakers , at 16 % of the eu , english only 13 % . 
  however if we take into account total speakers we get : * english 51 % * german 21 % * french 24 % * italian 16 % * spanish 16 % currently all eu documents must be in one of 3 languages , english , french or german . 
  seeing as more people speak english it is most often used . 
  23 countries in the eu have more people that speak english as a second language than any other , the only exceptions being luxembourg , belguim , ireland and the uk where french is of course more common . 
  95 % of students in the eu study english . 
  at these rates in 50 years or less almost all of europe will speak english . 
  it 's a no brainer . 
  english will continue to gain popularity due to a few things : firstly it 's easy , the basics are simple , no masculin , femanine , you can not have a male table , or a female cloud . 
  speaking english badly is still understandable , the same can not be said for other languages secondly the majority of the eu already speak it , and it 's the largest language on the globe . 
  thirdly english is the fastest growing language in the world fourthly our biggest trading partner outside of the eu is the us , they speak english , it makes trading easier . 
  china also a large trading partner and more and more turning to english to make trade easier . 
  not to mention canada , australia and of course india whose official language is english ( yes also hindi ) and is an up and coming world power . 
  britain has said multiple times , and had multiple votes saying it 's up to the falklanders what happens . 
  if they want to be british , they can be . 
  if they want to be argentine , they can be . 
  if they want to be independent , they can be . 
  as cameron said , it is no-ones business but theirs . 
  however as the falklanders have stipulated multiple times , they want to remain british , but self governing . 
  in the same way australia was before it chose to be fully independent . 
  so they have our full backing . 
  english is the most widely spoken 2nd language in the world . 
  it 's the language of business , these are not wild assumptions , english is very widely spoken compared to every other language . 
  if you want to do business in china , you speak either chinese of english , in japan , you speak japanese of english . 
  due to various historical events combined with the clout of the anglospheres trading in the modern world , english has become essential to stay ahead . 
  i also do n't think people should give up their languages . 
  the welsh still have welsh spoken , both irish and scotch gaelic is around . 
  however we all have a common language for law and business . 
  which is what the eu needs .
