  hate to tell you this but the uk/us relationship is the closest in the world . 
  because we are n't involved ... 
  while this is true , the anglo-us relationship is the closest in the world between any two states . 
  ` oldest ' has connotations of ` best ' which is what irks people . 
  a lot of effort goes into maintaining said relationship , britain has shared huge amounts of information , tech and people ( obviously the us has done the same ) , people just do n't like the idea someone else may also have a strong relationship with their best friend . 
  honestly the fact france is involved genuinely improves my opinion of it . 
  despise is a strong word , i have plenty of interactions with foreign people but more positive from every country than negative . 
  honestly of all the people that i have met it 's mostly brits that piss me off the most , mostly due to politics so i am sure the same sort of people in other countries will be equally hated . 
  if i had to choose , perhaps italy due to the awful roads , and the tossers letting off fireworks in the middle of the street so they explode next to our 6th floor apartment . 
  i have only been to bari though and mostly loved it . 
  i have only been to 7 other european countries though and mostly just one city in those , so it 's rather hard to make a choice !, 
  little bit further away do n't you think ? 
  if you are trying to make a geography joke , keep in mind there are no strict definitions of a continent and georgia/armenia/azerbaijan / turkey are often included in europe as well as asia . 
  true , however until we have restabilised and are capable of propping up and boosting weaker nations economy to ` eu standard ' there is little point inviting new players . 
  so long as the building does n't stick out like a sore thumb and clash with the rest of the towns style there is no real objection . 
  a huge islamic dome can look utterly stupid in some places and people do n't want the eye sore . 
  i always heard the punch line as ` wheeeeee !, 
  we are very similar to canada , nz and australia . 
  the us is a different . 
  have you been to asda ? 
  gorillas have smaller penises than we do . 
  is n't the charles de gaulle already agreed to be used by the rn if we need it ? 
  sheesh , we steal a few portuguese colonies and now we are ` not very nice ' . 
  never pleasing some people . 
  porn star , turned pop star . 
  i could of course be wrong , but are n't forced marriages all about creating an offspring ? 
  took me an embarrassingly long time to figure out you where saying ` years old ' and not trying to be ` gansta ' . 
  yeah , that would make more sense . 
  sounds slightly uncomfortable to me . 
  yeah , but ireland and the uk are both countries . 
  also both named . 
  that is a lot of coat of arms !, 
  thanks for those . 
  i love the bear with the sword . 
  some very good points , norway/sweden look like permafrost , so no-one there at all for example . 
  i would guess most of northern europe would be low population and surviving on a hunter gatherer style of living . 
  there should still be large populations of elk and bison in those lands . 
  i have honestly never heard them called anything other than british isles . 
  i get the reasons for wanting them renamed , but outside of the islands they are usually referred to as the british isles . 
  with any luck in a few decades we can get past our differences , put the past where it belongs and just get on with it . 
  what do you call them ? 
  in english , not irish . 
  like it or not ireland is part of the british isles . 
  it clearly separates ireland and the uk . 
  the irish , celts , picts , welsh , etc. 
  where all britons . 
  it was the name given to us by the romans millennia ago . 
  should play euiii or euiv now . 
  it 's how i learnt geography !, 
  it makes me think we should make less of a difference personally . 
  diversity is actually a really good thing for advancement . 
  otherwise you get stagnation . 
  many research teams get people in from other countries to help , this is because different cultures look at problems in different ways . 
  with many different directions to a problem being looked at , you are more likely to solve it !, 
  i have that same feeling . 
  i always considered languages a bit of a joke at school . 
  i now regret that . 
  it would certainly be a likely possibility . 
  although wether france would have formed when being bashed on my all sides is another story . 
  currently it has two of it 's boarders safely up against the sea . 
  ah , sorry i meant easy to learn because it has access to so much media . 
  if the tv is spouting english at you all the time you tend to pick it up faster . 
  yeah , i was not overly worried . 
  he got really very angry , when my greek friend grabbed the keyboard and started sending some choice words . 
  i can not remember the name of the hate group he was part of sadly . 
  no worries though , i will behave myself and drink responsibly !, 
  phew , now the only thing i have to worry about is the guy on the internet who threatened to knife me if i came to cyprus . 
  apparently mocking someone who apparently is part of an anti-greek racial group stirs up some colourful language . 
  it 's the system we have at the moment . 
  being able to speak 5/6 languages is great but would n't it make more sense to learn your own , english and then languages from outside europe ? 
  lions and eagles . 
  we are an imaginative bunch . 
  where are the bears and wolves ? 
  no lynx , no wolverines , no mustelids of any sort . 
  no bison , boar , hart , badgers , foxes or sheep . 
  now try and image the boarders . 
  firstly all the towns and cities would be in different areas . 
  secondly the places and size of areas that where settled would be vastly different . 
  thirdly assuming rome still came to power , that is a lot more territory to try and take , and hold . 
  fourthly what would happen with france , britain and ireland ? 
  i doubt scotland/england/wales would be separate nations , or if they where there would undoubtedly be more . 
  with no island , means no advantage , which means late colonisation or just war . 
  chances are spain/portugal may have taken over the globe , who knows what would happen to the british and french empires . 
  that is a lot of open land , ripe for growing things on . 
  i could see huge fights over who controls it . 
  then when someone does , they would have a substantial advantage due to population growth . 
  it would be like a second france , perhaps remaining fractured like germany was , or blobbing together like spain/france . 
  i would like to see everyone know their local language , and then have english as a second one , to converse with everyone else . 
  damn welshies . 
  you mean like duck a l'orange and mange tout ? 
  differences in language based on class are nothing new . 
  accents and word use massively vary . 
  i was reading some interesting information on english across the 3 classes . 
  working class and upper class tend to share words substantially . 
  for example ` jam ' , working class because it 's the word , upper class because they do n't have to prove anything . 
  middle class on the other hand want to stand out , so often use ` preserve ' or ` conserve ' instead . 
  cultures change , scotland has n't really spoken scots or gaelic for a looong time . 
  is that really your culture or just one you think you should have ? 
  wo n't they then have to learn english , french and breton ? 
  of course it is possible and it 's great if you can , but does it not take up time that could be spent learning other things ?
