  currently scotland has it 's own parliament , wales has it 's assembly , ( not sure about ni ) and england is boned . 
  at least the parts that are not the south-east . 
  personally i think england should be broken up . 
  it 's totally unfair on places like the north , south west and midlands as the power is all around london . 
  unlike scotland , wales and ni they got no special representation . 
  lets not pretend the uk is the only one displeased or with opt outs . 
  if they do n't care about nato they should leave , not stay in whilst mooching off others . 
  working together is great , but it 's ridiculous that countries like france should foot a so much higher bill compared to other nations who are also going to benefit . 
  the eu is supposed to be a union of equals . 
  not fuck up monumentally ? 
  i suppose you ca n't do that without trying new projects , but fixing what we have would be a good first step . 
  the eu is great , but it still has a lot of issues that need addressing . 
  if the many eu countries can not even meet their defence obligations why on earth would a joint military be a good idea ? 
  it ca n't be that surprising , britain and france ( along with a few others ) have been the only ones for a while now actually meeting the nato targets , and now here is germany suddenly telling everyone how it should be . 
  merkle in particular the last few years has done a piss poor job handling the immigration crisis and greek economic crisis , it 's almost laughable to assume this venture will work without problems . 
  i 'm in favour of a more united europe and a more united military but we need to prove we can actually do things properly before taking on new projects . 
  then again if time constraints prevent that , there is not a lot you can do . 
  religion is interesting , it posits that other religions are a threat hence where the violence comes from . 
  however that is eliminated with education . 
  religion is stress to the uneducated , people genuinely believe things like heaven and hell , when that happens people get violent out of fears of self preservation . 
  sure there are some individuals who are aggressive and just like fighting but the vast majority are not and need to be coaxed into it . 
  you are categorically wrong . 
  humans tend to only be violent in times of stress . 
  fighting over resource and such like , we do n't fight simply due to it being human nature . 
  we are a social species , we have to be able to get along . 
  technological advancements bringing more resource and closer social bonds with other ` tribes ' has caused a continuous decrease in violence for a while now . 
  we tend to be wary of outsiders but things like social media are heavily blurring the lines of what that means , especially with english being such a universal language it 's likely co-operation increases and our differences become less obvious . 
  i ca n't see a world government happening within 100 years , but never ? 
  i do n't see why not . 
  corruption has been decreasing quite substantially as well , as education rises . 
  with tech advancements in the future i would expect corruption to be minimal due to exposure . 
  rather a depressing read . 
  unfortunately i ca n't view that at work , i 'm sure there is a difference between in practice and in theory though !, 
  parking tickets are a wee bit different from assault and threatening someone with a gun though . 
  all the best countries are monarchies !, 
  uk , canada , australia , nz , also sweden , denmark , norway , netherlands , belgium . 
  let 's just forget about the others . 
  i doubt that considering the name of the second , but hey possibly !, 
  yes , it 's one of the things i like about the royal navy , ships are named after things and words not people . 
  the hsm terror , or volcano , indomitable , beagle , golden hind , pelican , etc. 
  although our new carriers are named after qe and a title . 
  i like queenie but a more original name would have been better . 
  diplomatic immunity does not mean you can commit crimes at will . 
  / facepalm , the royals have been under public control for centuries . 
  we had a huge civil war about it , imposed restrictions , etc. 
  then again in the 1700 's more restrictions . 
  as it stands they are like a living heritage . 
  it absolutely is relevant , you ca n't accidentally stab someone , a gun can accidentally discharge whilst pointing at someone . 
  these areas are in the current situations due to primarily us interference , the uk has rather red hands as well . 
  it 's not though is it , the longer it 's delayed the longer any fractures in the eu become clear and the greater the odds of a good deal for the uk . 
  why do you think eu leaders are so keen to see the uk get out asap ? 
  fuck farage , or possibly cameron , or just the murdoch media . 
  or all of them preferably . 
  that sounds like it would cause a massive international incident . 
  encouraging another country to break apart ? 
  christ could you imagine the fallout from that . 
  i 'm starting to resent the eu with all these same posts over and over . 
  ( simpsons quote , the correct response was ` yes ' ), 
  not as bold , however you can appreciate it more . 
  for example the dancing lights look a bit like a keyboard . 
  lots of small columns of light , then black shadows flicker across them as though you can see dancing silhouettes . 
  you ca n't really see that in images , it 's quite phenomenal . 
  then there are the huge columns , the snaky lights you usually see in pictures , and when i went there was also a ball which basically tracked slowly across the sky leaving a line of light behind it . 
  the ones i saw where mostly green , but there where red and yellow flickers as well . 
  these are quite incredible . 
  i was fortunate enough to see the lights in iceland earlier this year , we got treated to not only a great light show but a colossal meteor rocketed through the centre of the show . 
  it was rather funny seeing people try to photograph the lights by using the flash function . 
  i 'm not buying things in kilograms !, 
  could you imagine trying to buy anything of value . 
  on the plus side we would be some tough bastards carrying around 30kg everywhere . 
  it was in a book i was reading on british genealogy . 
  it also mentioned at 20 you would score a piece of wood and start again , hence why we call 20 a score . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yan_tan_tethera ) is a wikipedia source which mentions similar things . 
  apparently hickory , dickory , dock is 8 , 9 and 10 . 
  might have to google the individual rhyme to get it 's exact history though . 
  after a bit of digging it looks like fee , fie , foe , fum is indeed old celtic however maybe not a counting system but rather a list of words meaning `` behold food , good to eat , sufficient for my hunger '' [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fee-fi-fo-fum ), 
  there is nothing more british than baked beans . 
  despite the fact our most popular bean was an american creation ... but it was first made in london !, 
  but you also use the pound why would you want us to switch ? 
  the stone is superiour !, 
  it breaks up the huge numbers and simplifies !, 
  it would be like telling people how tall you are in inches , but not feet !, 
  wow that was a garbled sentence was n't it . 
  i meant to say there were at least some boroughs in england who voted remain . 
  i 'm looking at you argentina and i 'm feeling good !, 
  they are worth sharing , i had no idea the romans ate custard . 
  ca n't say i have unfortunately , yet to visit portugal . 
  they look just like the egg custard tart we make here in the uk , if they are then i can safely say they are one of my favourite deserts . 
  maybe if you just lose the fahrenheit and start using pints ( you use these ? ), 
  we can tag team the europeans . 
  i 'll get the shovel and start digging . 
  similar to the uk really , english celtic influence is almost completely gone . 
  there are a few things left though . 
  for example the counting system - enie , meenie , minie , moe . 
  fee , fie , foe , fum ; and hickory , dickory , dock are all examples of old english celtic counting methods , usually for counting sheep . 
  is n't there still some remnants of celtic language in galicia or am i mistaken ? 
  i was making a joke based on the conversation subject . 
  custard is sometimes called cr\u00e8me anglaise . 
  the uk consumes more cocaine per head than anywhere else . 
  the naga chili once the worlds hottest chilli was invented in dorset .
