  check the worldnews post . 
  definition of a sub-species or ` race ' : members of one subspecies differ morphologically or by different coding sequences of dna from members of other subspecies of the species . 
  please , please tell me how that does n't apply to people . 
  well then you would just not fund it , rather than ban it . 
  the whole ` there are no races ' movement came about after the nazi 's and their eugenics programmes . 
  if you look up the definition of a sub-species it 's blatantly clear we have them , but people are against it for political reasons , which personally i think are out dated . 
  then again there would always be some people who used such research to further racist views , though on the flip side not doing research into differences hampers the medical field and puts people at risk . 
  they are wrong , so are you just google it . 
  there is though ... there clearly , clearly is . 
  well that just is n't true . 
  just because we call it ` the human race ' does n't mean there is only one and that there is n't variation . 
  i invite you to look at other sub-species in other animals . 
  key differences include colour , size , behaviour and geographic isolation . 
  genomic differences are showing subspecies in animals that we previously thought to be identical . 
  the human species exhibits all these differences , we are a fascinating species full of diversity and i think it 's wrong people like you try to ignore it all . 
  we are not all the same , we are interestingly different . 
  some of the most interesting to me are things like the drastic morphological differences between say northern aboriginal europeans and aboriginal australians . 
  then we have the drastic physical differences between northern caucasoids such as the swedes and danes or the zulus of southern africa , and the pygmy peoples in the congo . 
  in africa we have peoples with malaria resistance , in tibet and nepal we have people with differences in their blood to enable normal function at high altitude , all across asia we find people with different physiological adaptations than those in europe . 
  unable to process alcohols is common , as is lactose intolerance . 
  if we compare people on the equator to people at the poles we see skin changes designed to increase or decrease vitamin d production , or increase and decrease uv damage with more melanin . 
  then we have the genetic traces of homo neanderthalensis ( common in european populations ) and homo denisova ( found in east asia ) , and the absence in african populations . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can not find this interesting , and i definitely do n't see how you think it 's racist . 
  if anything it is the exact opposite discovering and celebrating what makes us us . 
  to each their own though , if you want to stick your head in the sand , fingers in your ears and go ` we are all the same !, 
  it 's your loss . 
  so basically people are afraid it will lead to increased racism ? 
  there would be no need to ` ban ' it otherwise . 
  that is not good science at all . 
  i can understand it , but it 's poor reasoning . 
  care to back up that statement ? 
  i work in science mate . 
  which part would you care to deny ? 
  physiology , morphology or behavioural differences ? 
  humans have enough variation to be classified as subspecies but due to historical reasons this is politically sensitive , hence we have races . 
  please stop trying to erase them , you ca n't just ignore biology because some people are racists . 
  i mean jesus christ man you just called me racist for saying some people look different . 
  way to water down the word !, 
  a racism is someone who thinks of and treats those of a different race differently to their own , there is both positive and negative racism . 
  the very fact you think there are racists means there are races , but i guess basic logic is outside your scope if you are so massively incompetent you think everyone is the same . 
  differences = / = one is better than the other . 
  some of us are actually capable of recognising differences and find them interesting rather than worrying they make us racists . 
  of course it can , sexual views have changed over the centuries quite drastically . 
  they change based on social alterations , propaganda can be one of those . 
  i 'm not saying you can make someone gay or straight but you can make them feel more comfortable trying out different things simply by telling them it 's fine . 
  we made sure of that in the last few centuries . 
  it 's time to make ultra porn . 
  why do you think we are all so fat ? 
  / facepalm we are different on the outside , we are different on the inside , we are different mentally and physically . 
  there are clear races i do n't get this fad of claiming otherwise . 
  sami person , not the same as a zulu . 
  is n't it the whole metrosexual thing ? 
  ` i 'm all man but i smell nice and wear good clothes ' ? 
  which i suppose is just being normal but those things have homosexual connotations for some reason . 
  fairly confident he came from northern ireland . 
  the uk government only ever uses the term ` these isles ' when ireland is involved . 
  no-one seems to have a better term . 
  it was until 1966 , when the borders where officially reinstated . 
  we have friends . 
  lest go put plugs all over the irish country side , prongs up . 
  not part of scandinavia though . 
  you said it was a cultural term . 
  iceland is culturally similar to norway/denmark/sweden , more so than finland seeing as it was an early colony . 
  but not when denmark-norway was a thing then ? 
  so should n't iceland and the faroe 's be part of scandinavia ? 
  to be fair this is the same stalin who was invading finland so lets not pretend it was out of spite . 
  had russia not helped invade poland who knows if they would even have needed to . 
  alright , you are just making up crap now and pretending i said it . 
  i 'm sorry but not doing what france , germany want does not mean being a dick . 
  the eu is a group project not a 2man one . 
  there are plenty of countries on our side of the fence , it 's not just britain vs the eu like the media likes to make out . 
  clearly you have no idea how british politics work . 
  for example in parliament there are two lines to separate the mp 's , legend says they are at two swords lengths apart . 
  insults are part of the package here , it shows enthusiasm . 
  well the brexit thing is more for the public than the actual debate , i think it would be hard to claim it has no effect though so good points . 
  i think you underestimate the uk . 
  france/germany have very similar goals which do n't always match up with the uk or several other countries in the eu . 
  the uk helps represent those against the two 's primary goals , which to me seems like a very key part of the organisation . 
  otherwise it 's not an organisation so much as germany/france just doing things and taking others along with it . 
  well that is just bollocks . 
  not simply being a yes man does n't mean you are not contributing to debate , quite the opposite in fact . 
  we have the same size economy as france if not larger why do you think france/germany are the top dogs ? 
  god damn , slow bastards in my lane . 
  yeah but if you stand on the right you can lean on the escalator more comfortably . 
  when someone talks to me in the street my first assumption is they want to sell me something . 
  guard up . 
  missed the events of 1939-1945 then ? 
  who is doing nothing ? 
  some bears are happy to ransack wasps nests . 
  well bees . 
  that is where norway is ... or do you mean the north west faroe islands ? 
  which i think are just the wrong colour . 
  that must be why we are in syria right now . 
  funny but ignores the initial conventional war that starts and the snowballing . 
  no-one is going to just launch a nuke if russians walked into poland . 
  there would be an extensive ground war , constant threats , etc. 
  we are confident in ability to thwart a russian ground invasion . 
  the nuclear deterrent is to prevent a strike from a flailing nation , so they surrender instead of just loosing nukes . 
  or of course they forsee that and do n't do it at all , hence deterrent . 
  sort of , a full invasion of germany would have been difficult but a partial one may have worked .
