  i live here and i call it great britain , my number plate even has gb written on it . 
  if you want to piss of a brit , i find one of the fastest ways is to start talking about las malvinas . 
  seems to be one of the few subjects that riles up almost everyone . 
  i ca n't honestly believe some people are no na\u00efve that they think it 's not sometimes necessary . 
  it 's not good , but of course it can be necessary . 
  if you refuse to match arms with an opponent you usually get beaten down . 
  just look at russia now , the only thing preventing them waltzing through the baltics is a fear of military response . 
  you have been saying self defence is fine , well lets also put aside defending allies . 
  what about places like rwanda ? 
  i do n't recall seeing military action there , i do recall seeing an attempted genocide . 
  perhaps mali ? 
  or further back , the abolition of slavery and piracy where heavily done through military means . 
  we do n't use military means much anymore and both are creeping back . 
  malaysia and singapore are doing pretty well . 
  india is arguably in a better place than it would be without the empire , no idea about burma . 
  pakistan ... well it 's further away so does n't count toward ` the general region ' . 
  i ca n't see nato refusing , what could easily happen though is a too slow reaction . 
  i keep trying to bring them back by wearing my crocodile dundee hat everywhere , but so far no luck . 
  you can take your round , 2 pronged plugs and stick them somewhere else !, 
  you mean 1 new f-22 ? 
  those things are expensive !, 
  i am not entirely sure anymore . 
  i thought we where talking about the russians being fanatical ? 
  you do n't need to overkill them , just the one kill will do . 
  besides almost all attackers will change their mind once their companions start being killed , your nationalism tends to drain away once you leave your own territory . 
  if we did unify the millitary it also means we can pull up the levels to training to equal those of the uk/france , it would also mean we can afford properly equiptment , more carriers and put money into major projects such as missile defence grids , stealth aircraft and cheaper more accurate ballistics . 
  it also makes you reckless and more likely to get killed . 
  it may have been a great thing way back when , but moving into the open now , or recklessly charging japanese style will get you anihilated . 
  our weapons fire too fast and do too much damage . 
  the cinema in the uk is so expensive it 's been excluded for making the chart look ugly . 
  not to the nazi 's there was n't . 
  to russia it mattered because we did n't continue fighting after defeating germany . 
  those guys are useless . 
  do n't poke holes in my theory !, 
  i missed it completely , was a student at the time . 
  apparently no-one told the universities . 
  only the ones you won . 
  which is balls of course because war was declared immediately after the invasion of poland . 
  there was the waiting period in a feeble hope that the declaration would get hitler to pull back , but war was still declared . 
  where are all these people ? 
  every single person i have spoken to about it , either did n't know the vote happened , or did n't know what it was so did n't vote . 
  we are special mate , everyone knows that . 
  i do n't have an issue with immigrants per say , however i do feel the population is getting too large , housing is getting difficult to find , traffic is constant , etc. 
  that said a growing population is good for the economy and we need something the balance out the old people . 
  fairly sure male dogs do the fucking . 
  if you want to get fucked by an animal go crazy . 
  dog angry , dog scared , dog hungry , are not the same as ` yes please fuck me ' . 
  i think that means the person got raped . 
  of course they do , but we have not translated it . 
  except they can not speak or gesture . 
  maybe a great ape could , but a cow most certainly can not give consent without reasonable doubt . 
  an animal can not consent . 
  how is raping an animal not inhumane or harmful ? 
  that is absurd . 
  it also serves no purpose , it 's simply cruely to animals for no good reason . 
  the issue with factory farming is a big one . 
  if we make farms less intensive then a ) we have to take up more space , thus cutting down more trees and fucking with the environment , b ) stop feeding them corn and feed them grass instead , which again greatly increases methane production and this accelerates global warming , or c ) eat less meat . 
  c ) is the best option by a long way , it allows us to improve animal rights , improves human health and means there is a huge amount more space globally for forest to regrow . 
  however it 's also very difficult to achieve , even if the eu runs anti-meat campaigns similar to the salt/sugar ones we have had , we would still need to cut down on us consumption . 
  alternatively we could all switch to eating chicken , you can intesively farm without causing too much stress to the birds , there is minimal methane production , it takes up less space and it 's much healthier for you than red meat . 
  i thought it was established there is no evidence of jewish slaves in egypt . 
  it 's the constantly ordering beer that gets tiring . 
  although they where good when you are sat at the bar . 
  amsterdam was entirely 0.33 l glasses . 
  i do n't , support even in the style of a mug or flag can drum up more genuine followers , thus cause unrest or deaths . 
  if people see it 's ` accpetable ' to be a follower , more will . 
  it 's basic herd mentality . 
  public service announcements , make it mandatory for newpapers above certain sales to have 1-2 pages dedicated to information on different parties , education in schools . 
  i am sure there is plenty we can do before we make the matter worse and just keep adding more people to the voter pool . 
  why 16 and not 15 ? 
  why 15 and not 14 ? 
  they are all arbritrary ages . 
  well should n't we solve that issue rather than add more ill informed voters ? 
  you are old enough , but ideally 16 year olds should n't be working enough to pay taxes anyway . 
  we need an educated population , at that age in my opinion people should be either in college or working toward a trade . 
  if you are working you should be represented , however seeing as the vast majority are n't it seems a little unnecessary . 
  you are right , it is quite arbitrary , personally i would say the ideal voting age would be around mid-twenties . 
  you are fully developed , finished with education and ( hopefully ) have the experience to know what is good/bad for you/the country . 
  ideally the population will educate itself , though as someone else mentioned earlier some form of politics class as school would be a great idea , assuming it 's executed correctly . 
  i really do think the changes in information acquisition will go a long way to make voting more reasoned , but that also means adults are currently poorly informed rather than teens making inherently better decisions . 
  taking away rights is rather more frowned upon that giving them . 
  you do n't let senile people drive , i do n't see why they should be able to vote either . 
  you are not an adult biologically until your brain finishes developing , ergo you are not making the adult decisions that come with stable chemistry . 
  clearly some people can , but most ca n't . 
  anecdotally , i have friends who would happily have voted bnp in their teens because it had a british flag and they did n't bother looking up the manifesto . 
  now you could claim by friends are just stupid , but they are above average intelligence so make from that what you will . 
  being able to have sex means nothing , you can not join the army you can however train in preparation , you can only be married with parental consent as far as i know . 
  you are right about taxes though , most people at 16 should ideally be in education . 
  i certainly agree with you , it 's very dissapointing how little interest there is in politics , however at 16/18 you are much less likely to be interested in politics so make decisions based on whim . 
  the same can be said for older people as well , but at least they have , as you said , more experience . 
  between 16 and 18 yes , however as you age your brain finishes developing and ` you ' as a person start to appear . 
  seeing as democracy is supposed to be the will of the people , it makes most sense to give the vote to people who wo n't change their mind in a year , then again in another . 
  minds should change due to information input , not rewiring . 
  ideally the age should be once your brain has fnished developing which is in the mid-20 's . 
  however we should n't have people able to join the army , pay taxes , etc and be unrepresented . 
  without huge sweeping changes that elongate ` childhood ' i ca n't see it being too practical . 
  i literaly just said i am against 18 as well , but favour it due to the current laws and social conventions . 
  16 is just not old enough to make an educated decision on who to vote for . 
  i do n't think 18 is either , however at 18 you are a legal adult and responsible for yourself so you should have the right to vote . 
  the same can not be said at 16 .
