  it also means the pacific theatre would be very different . 
  the empire stopped the japanese advance just outside india , if there where no british troops/generals india may have been lost to japan . 
  god know what would have happened in the pacific then , the us may even have lost or at least been severely hampered against a japanese assault . 
  we ca n't assume russia remains neutral as it both helped start wwii and was one of the primary targets of the nazis . 
  the uk did n't have to join in to help anyone either . 
  that vote was terrible . 
  i did n't even know it was going on . 
  yeah but they voted against change , not for it . 
  glasgow i think rather than london . 
  but good god anglo-indian food is amazing . 
  dying implies britain is going down . 
  it 's not , others are going up . 
  britain is n't dying at all , everyone else is growing . 
  we no longer have the technology advantage so countries with larger populations should become stronger . 
  in a totally normalised world the larger the population the richer the country . 
  it 's slowly edging that way as more and more countries become developed . 
  not sure it would work , each mp is also in charge of their constituent . 
  having one mp cover all the overseas territories would make it really difficult to get anything done or actually represent the area . 
  no , he is anti-trident and being sarcastic . 
  apparently every aspect of the millitary has to be used in every conflict . 
  well we will soon but more to the point why do we need one ? 
  an aircraft carrier is for projecting power abroad . 
  the falklands is the defensive position so does n't need to project . 
  worked against japan . 
  backdown or we will do it again . 
  few bullies keep going after being punched in the head . 
  would count as a whole seat though so it would matter a bit . 
  there where so many italian prisoners of war in north africa they had to drive themselves to the pow camps . 
  i always get the impression the italians would have rather been at home ignoring the war . 
  whilst technically accurate they are as british as the channel islands and the isle of mann . 
  they might not be part of the uk proper but they are still ` us ' . 
  may have misread that slightly . 
  the quebec referendum was barely . 
  scotland was close though . 
  scotland did n't leave you know . 
  err you ca n't deny conflict in the west has massively decreased since wwii . 
  he also did n't mention africa and the middle east . 
  well you are really . 
  if i move house i do n't stop being part of the family . 
  well it 's populated by europeans so close enough !, 
  the best type of fin . 
  working travel visa 's are availible for many countries , however the us refuses to allow people to reciprocate so the programme is n't availible to us citizens . 
  history or not they all speak english as a first language and we have very similar cultures . 
  well ireland is part of the anglosphere . 
  i know they do i was saying i like it . 
  i think irish/aussie/canadian / nz citizens should get unrestricted access to the uk and pref visa-versa . 
  whilst i agree a mother and father is likely a better combo to raise a child this is about marriage not children . 
  unless this new bill suddenly allows adoption ( assuming it 's illegal now which i doubt ) , it is a stupid poster as it does n't address the marriage part which is what this referendum is all about . 
  what was yours ? 
  the british empire was the largest in history . 
  if you think we can cover every small group of people on ever small island we owned + all the history for the thousand years before and the history of the 20th century then you are wrong . 
  but ... gibraltar was taken by force by the spaniards as well . 
  malta was the only place i know of to voluntarily join the british empire . 
  they did n't though . 
  never heard that one before . 
  any idea on the origins ? 
  i can understand scurvy but rickets ? 
  right below your post is someone linking an apology . 
  apart from the mess in northern ireland ( gerrymadering ) when has this not been acknowledged ? 
  if we are adding anglosphere in there i would pop it in a shade behind english . 
  in the 1800 's ireland did n't have much choice . 
  yeah but you then trade the stolen stuff with other ` businessmen ' for profit . 
  lots of it as it was stolen . 
  you have to get resources from somewhere . 
  why is n't it ? 
  it 's not fair at all , but why does it stop being capitalism ? 
  not that it makes it okay of course but most people view the famine as severe neglect/indiference rather than genocide . 
  which is the deliberate targeting of a peoples . 
  the last time there was not a school shooting in the us was in the 1980 's . 
  there has been at least one per year since . 
  i like to remember the other 99 % of words that are british in origin . 
  simple economic recovery creates jobs , if that was down to the tories or not is up for some serious debate . 
  it 's nearby of course !, 
  same reason ireland should be a part of the uk . 
  well wales was in england until 1962 or thereabouts so at least it 's close . 
  moer to the point , how do you not know of on of the constituent countries that founded the us . 
  i suppose you did say nuclear aggressor , but you can hardly blame someone for using a new weapon they have developed . 
  though using it on a civilian population is a clear war crime . 
  in theory they could stop them being fired if they knew in advance they where to be launched , however it would also knockout global gps . 
  the us millitary uses a seperate channel as far as i know , not sure if the uk piggy backs that one or the standard gps channel . 
  not to mention galileio is being launched to remove us hegenomy of the gps system . 
  they made it , they do n't controll it . 
  it 's like saying someone else controlls my gps and only lets people travel with their say so . 
  not that it is okay but at that stage in the war both sides where bombing civilian populations . 
  no shit , russia invaded and conquored half of europe of course people wanted them gone . 
  russia helped kick start wwii by invading poland yet the west is the aggressor ? 
  the us built it , but it is uk controlled . 
  the us has no say over usage . 
  i would n't fly it , it now has racist undertones . 
  shame really . 
  rather fly the union jack instead . 
  wait what ? 
  i live here and have never seen that/those outside of a few films . 
  i suppose the difference now is mass media and even stronger economic ties . 
  claiming it makes the world immune to war though is as daft as the proposal pre-wwi . 
  less likely i would say so , but immune ? 
  nope . 
  no but he was making the point that giving up your arms paves the way for what happened to ukraine . 
  i 'm not mad about anything it 's long dead history . 
  sweden blocked a force that may have been able to aid finland .
