  but ... the only person to spend time on it was british . 
  so the dup get votes , not money . 
  most english celtic languages are entirely dead though . 
  the only exception is cornish which is holding on due to a refusal to let it die . 
  there are some small pockets of terminology remaining though . 
  for example eenie , meenie , miny , moe is a counting system from an old celtic language , probably cumbrian . 
  i think hickory , dickory , dock or fee , fie , foe , fum may be as well but i 'm not sure . 
  who bashes british beer ? 
  we are famous for how good it is . 
  our lager is shit though . 
  was n't malta the only country to ask to become part of the british empire ? 
  the uk has typically been one of the first countries in europe with major social reforms so it clearly works in that sense , the economy has generally done well , etc. 
  there are flaws but in general it seems to have done well . 
  damn , i 'm feeling very lucky at how many days i get off now . 
  must be because the compay i work for is swiss . 
  damn those extra 2 days would mean i can have another holiday, 
  i 'm not sure tbh , i think they are included in the 28 , but i 'm lucky that they are not in my current job ( 40 days holiday !! ), 
  ` partially compensated ' then lists by far the highest number on the map . 
  nothing says smart like showing everyone you are a massive homophobe and do n't like giving everyone equal rights . 
  `` she isnt the kind of person that makes accidents like that '' wait what ? 
  her comments on immigration were one of the major points in brexit , if that 's not a fuck up i do n't know what is . 
  ireland showing off with their blistering summers . 
  branston are far better . 
  the royal navy historically has been used to protect shipping lanes from pirates . 
  it acted as a global force to keep shipping lanes secure . 
  as well as that it acted to abolish the atlantic slabe trade , it still works in naval rescue . 
  it works bringing supplies and relief globally . 
  obviously it 's also used to project force , but that does n't always mean killing people . 
  no , we have one that can launch helicopters but that is all , hence this being commissioned . 
  how do you get a fighter jet there without a carrier ? 
  fly from ascension island ? 
  how do you bomb runways without aircraft , how do you perform recon without aerial control ? 
  the uk has islands to protect , it was n't that long ago the falklands where invaded . 
  you do n't wait until you need something then start to build it . 
  yeah , that is all the royal navy does ... - . -, 
  i was trying to draw attention to the fact people have been complaining about tridents cost , then this came along . 
  how much is trident costing ? 
  you are grossly overestimating russia . 
  would n't that be the point in a european army ? 
  presumably it treats the entire eu as a single entity in terms of defence . 
  though practically if it 's slower off the mark than a greek military would be i can see your worry , a well founded one i must say . 
  an eu joint military without the uk would be disappointing . 
  assuming said military shares technology , the uk brings a lot to the table . 
  should have gone with the hms lizzie . 
  right to travel to europe visa free ? 
  right to live in 26 other countries , right to work in 26 other countries . 
  guaranteed cover by the echr . 
  pretty sure all of that was covered quite concisely with one question . 
  ca n't believe i forgot ireland ... eee, 
  nothing screams patriotism like voting to strip fellow countrymen of their rights . 
  * ruuuule brittanaia , britania rules the waaaaaaves * . 
  father christmas is n't foreign ... he is from ancient pagan traditions . 
  in fact father christmas is from english folklore . 
  santa clause is foreign . 
  it 's more that the history taught when you are old enough is wwi , wwii and the cold war . 
  it 's not because it 's too controversial ... 
  he is being melodramatic . 
  as children you are taught things like the tudors , stuarts , romans , victorians , etc. 
  by the time you are old enough to be taught about war atrocities it focuses on the last century because ... well it 's more relevant to today . 
  i think he is talking about literal wars for it . 
  that was just the thirteen colonies . 
  other places had to fight for it , in the same way you fight for womens rights and the like . 
  even then lets face it the uk gave up way more colonies peacefully than the other european nations . 
  i know of one circumcised guy . 
  i really do n't think it 's common . 
  does n't matter he does n't have that much control , he can not force anyone to vote for anything . 
  boooooorrring . 
  it 's actually not a bug , it 's a beetle . 
  yeah , i am wincing at it . 
  the ` ladybug ' is n't even a bug , it 's a beetle . 
  i think you missed that part where i said : we have no awnings , no shutters , no windowfilm . 
  large windows , no air-con , nothing is painted white , few surfaces designed to radiate heat , etc. 
  closing the curtains helps a bit but then you have to sit in the dark . 
  mate if it was that simple there would n't be as many problems, 
  if heat is n't getting in . 
  british houses are not designed with that in mind . 
  for example why friends house in greece has awnings over most of the windows . 
  the windows are smaller than most i see here , they have large wooden shutters to go over the windows . 
  all of them cut out the input light . 
  british houses do n't have any of those as typically we want as much light in as possible . 
  exactly , the heat does n't go through the insulation which is why its there . 
  attics have insulation all around them so they keep cool , the heat stays in the rooms downstairs . 
  there are quite a variety , a lot of the older houses have crappy insulation so heat comes in everywhere . 
  of course it can , but heat also rises , which means the top of the house gets hotter than the rest , if heat accumulates the heat differential between the outside and the roof means it should leave the house not keep building up until it 's actually hotter inside than out . 
  uv is the biggest issue with heating , and afaik would n't be reflected as much , plus being cloth would n't the uv just absorb into it ? 
  we used to sell a very expensive type of window film which blocked out most uv and infra-red lights yet let visible light through , very cool window covering . 
  to change temperature you need a heat gradient , you can change that gradient by doing things like ` smaller windows ' , windows facing away from the sun , more reflective outer surfaces , awnings , shutters , window-film . 
  you can even do it by shape of house and location of insulating materials . 
  every house i have been in in greece had flooring materials that don ' absorb heat , like marble or tiles . 
  we have carpets that trap heat in the fibres . 
  roofs here are stuffed with insulation to stop heat rising out of the top , from what i recall in greece most of their roofs where thinner and flatter , i ca n't say i have checked the inside of the roof but presumably that is to let heat leave at a faster rate . 
  windows all had shutters , awnings where over most windows to stop direct sunlight , etc. 
  the uk does n't have that , the light just comes in , heats things up and stays there . 
  in greece the heat struggles to get inside then when it does it can rise up and more of it leave the building . 
  alas we do n't have shutters as we do n't usually need them . 
  so the heat just gets in and stays in . 
  bare marble walls do n't hold the heat in the same way plaster does , they tend to remain cool . 
  like i said you can reflect heat by painting houses white , roofing makes a big difference as well . 
  if you want heat to leave you do n't heavily insulate the roof . 
  you seriously think there is no difference between uk and mediterranean houses other than the colour ?
