  to a degree i completely agree , look at the uk/us ` intervention ' in iraq . 
  that sort of crap i do without . 
  on the other hand , things like the mali intervention by france seems to be to be a good thing . 
  if we ever get another case similar to rwanda i would be pro intervention , however it 's all too easy to get in and not leave , or go in and cause changes for the wrong reasons as you mentioned . 
  it 's a fine line indeed . 
  for the record i was not advocating starting a war , merely that i would prefer an eu foreign policy that is slightly extrovert ( france style ) , as apposed to highly introvert , or highly extrovert ( us ) . 
  i agree with trying to move some of the focus away from london , but we can do that by improving the connectivity of the major cities ( glasgow , manchester , birmingham , etc. 
  ) , and perhaps giving a very small tax break to companies based outside london . 
  i personally like the idea of the hs2 , though it would need to be properly built and maintained . 
  built in such a way it 's easy to upgrade , causes minimal disturbance and minimal noise . 
  i do not think an independent scotland will help . 
  the blue is the best bit , without it you have a boring red cross . 
  is it not the duty of the powerful to protect those than can not protect themselves ? 
  or do you standby and watch them suffer when you could help ? 
  personally i think the latter is almost as bad as doing it yourself . 
  the eu is in a position to make the entire world a much better place . 
  yeah i know we call it a hoover too , but i could n't think of anything else off the top of my head . 
  i would say ignore the ` green ' idiots claiming nuclear is bad and use that . 
  it 's the clearnest most reliable energy source we have and we ignore it because the word nuclear is in the title . 
  fukishima was bad yes , but it got hit by a bloody tsunami , bavaria is n't really at risk of that happening ... iter looks promising ( nuclear fusion ) , but that may take some decades yet . 
  i am not sure to be honest , most euro products are in languages i do n't understand , and so i tend to eat out when visiting the continent . 
  typically i think it 's more of an american thing to call products by a brand name . 
  for example you guys say tylenol , hoover , band-aid ( sure there are loads more ) , typically we use product names , paracetamol , vaccuum cleaner , plasters . 
  stastically it is safer driving on the left ( not by a lot ) , this is because most people are right handed , which translates to beign more vigilant of things on the right side of you . 
  when traffic is on the right side you are more likely to notice errors and act accordingly . 
  more to the point we have very strct driving rules , the licence is one of the most difficult to obtain , we are fairly built up meaning it 's more ` difficult ' to speed and you spend a lot of time having to pay attention . 
  fucking hate people that cut the queue . 
  i have seen empty lanes of traffic with 20 odd cars in a long line waiting to get through lights before . 
  or just call it kentuky chedder , or utah brie , etc. 
  hell if you use region names it might even help us learn areas . 
  or you can come up with completely original names . 
  you are assuming a competent comsumer . 
  most people do n't care and are being misled . 
  most consumers take things at face value , which is why products are having to show in big letters/colours the salt/sugar/fat contents . 
  people do n't read the fine print . 
  champagne has a flavour made distinct by the grapes and the soil in which they grow . 
  calling anything else champagne is inaccurate and lying to the customer to get their business . 
  it 's about consumer protection as much as it is product protection . 
  we have ` parmesan ' cheese not from parma though , it just has a descriptive name . 
  same with brie 's , champagnes , etc. 
  czechoslovakia is n't poland though . 
  well ultimatums have been drawn , and other than belarus the other boarder countries are all nato . 
  which means we learn from our mistakes and do n't let it escalate . 
  well firstly crimea has a large percentage of people who are russian , and a reasonable percentage who want to be part of russia . 
  it 's more akin to austria if anything . 
  poland was the line , just like the rest of ukraine is the current line . 
  does the eu not have a duty to protect eu citizens ? 
  ( genuinely asking ) greenland for example . 
  well the uk has the best troops in the world , and france is hot on our heels . 
  the others get a european defence force . 
  i did n't mean just make the uk/french armies huge , but rather use the two countries as hosts/trainers for an eu military under a more unified banner . 
  they really are not the same thing . 
  you ca n't guarantee it , which is why the tensions are so high , we are litterally in the same position with a certain someone ` just taking the german bits ' . 
  russia is n't getting stronger though , it 's getting weaker . 
  on top of that things are different due to nuclear weaponry . 
  ultimatums have already been drawn , step foot outside of crimea and they are at war with ukraine . 
  where that leaves everyone else , i am not sure . 
  possibly , but other than someone seizeing power and fixing the country ( unlikely ) what option do they have other than trying to elect people ? 
  [ `` citizens of the british overseas territories -- including those connected to bermuda , but excluding those connected to britain 's sovereign bases in cyprus -- were granted full british citizenship by the british overseas territories act 2002 and are consequently citizens of the european union . 
  '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_member_state_territories_and_the_european_union#british_overseas_territories ) they are citizens of the eu , the channel islands , and the isle of man are not part of the eu but clearly are eu citizens , same thing applies . 
  wether or not they are covered by the eu defence pact i am not sure . 
  those people are eu citizens already and ergo under eu protection . 
  it all makes a difference , if you pooled it together and split it between uk/france we could have proper large carrier groups , larger tank battalions , and a fully modernised airforce , all under one/two controllers and all absolute best of the best . 
  it 's all very well , but we still have to try and avoid global war . 
  at the end of the day if losing the crimea is the cost of avoiding all out war , it is worth it . 
  which is why they are holding elections soon . 
  being voted in does n't give you the right to do whatever you want . 
  no , it 's legal , brothels are illegal however . 
  independent escorting and agencies are allowed and are found pretty much everywhere . 
  at the moment people can visit the girls ( who often have someone there for safety ) , by changing this people wo n't want to visit ` known prostitutes ' for fear of being caught , which means more home visits or shady areas , which in turn is more dangerous . 
  fuck sake , these people are so moronic . 
  there are plenty of people out there whose lively hood is now about to become much more dangerous as it will now have to be pushed underground . 
  instead of just turning it into a normal taxable profession , it will once again become seedy , hidden and far more dangerous as people have more to lose . 
  nice work pandering !, 
  it is ? 
  i thought the yes campaign was hovering around 30 % . 
  probably because you spelt honour wrong !, 
  not me , i do n't see the point in down voting unless the person is n't adding anything to the conversation , or is just being needlessly rude . 
  pretty much , people supported it . 
  it 's all about how you sell it . 
  why does it matter who took the lead ? 
  people do n't mind military intervention if it has a legitimate reasoning ( libya , mali , car ) . 
  the us is unpopular because they keep jumping into wars and pushing countries that do n't need it . 
  bombing yemen , invading iraq , threatening iran , etc. 
  the french are amoung the best trained troops in the world ... 
  your tax dollars are not going to support them , they are going to create a war machine to make defence contractors wealthy , then claiming it 's to support everyone else . 
  fairly sure we are both in it . 
  if anything scotland will be the one leaving first . 
  they are vital for defending territories not adjacent to the mainland . 
  such as eu overseas territories , eu allies and other strategic positions . 
  you are allowed to intervene in some wars . 
  notice how the us was quite popular in libya ? 
  less so in the ones they started ... 
  probably , but you can not base your own policy based on what you think they might do . 
  you have to base it on what they could do . 
  europe as a whole actually has a reasonable defence spending in terms of percentage of gdp . 
  it 's just it 's so fractured and split up it 's not untilized very well . 
  if we all pooled it together and had a joint military leadership , fully outfitting carrier groups would n't be a problem . 
  however unifying militarily is another step toward federalisation , and also runs the risk of that military being used for non defensive purposes , something people are understandably worried about . 
  no-one wants to turn into anything resembling the us .
