  what about people who where already working in the trade and have been for their whole lives , and are now being undercut ? 
  fuck them too ? 
  the leave side was many , many people . 
  farage for example was against the # 350 a week bus , boris was all for it . 
  both where on the leave campaign . 
  you ca n't come up with a theoretical event , use it as a criticism and then infer racist undertones ... 
  no , you are wrong . 
  it was widely promoted that leaving the eu did n't mean leaving the single market , it was commonly called the ` norway model ' . 
  being part of the trade block but not in the ` ever closer union ' . 
  i 'm not saying just the crisis , but without it we would not be in this situation . 
  that is such a massive lie it 's incredible . 
  they would n't , but seeing as that does n't happen why does it matter ? 
  if people from perth want to come down to hampshire live in a caravan and send money back they are welcome to . 
  the closest we get is gypsies . 
  on top of that the money stays in the uk economy and more importantly we have the power to actually restrict immigration which is why people get up in arms more about it , than a northerner taking their work . 
  you only look down on the working class people who actually have problems ? 
  it 's not about having a monopoly it 's about fair competition . 
  it 's found in multiple fields . 
  undercutting competition to the point you cause many families to not be able to afford rent is unethical and i believe legally restricted in some cases ( for example look at uber ) . 
  jesus christ man , do you look down on every working class person ? 
  he did n't blame the poles he blamed the eu . 
  i do n't think the eu is at fault either personally as it 's our government who said it 's fine to come over . 
  builders do n't live on minimum wage that is something students do , not grown adults in construction ... 
  this is crap sorry , and i ca n't believe you are getting upvoted so much . 
  you literally just said anyone doing a job that a pole can do ` should have done something with their life , or they are lazy and stupid ' which is insulting to both poles and literally anyone else . 
  it depends entirely on the field . 
  poles have a habbit of undercutting local talent when it comes to blue collar jobs . 
  you do n't need great language skills to build a wall , paint a house or lay a path . 
  the british guy has to charge enough to rent a house and pay for his family . 
  the polish guy lives 7 people in a caravan and sends money home where it goes further . 
  allowing him to heavily undercut to the point the buyer does n't give a shit if he can speak english or not . 
  i say this with first hand experience as we hired poles to build our house , they did it at a fraction of a cost , and literally 7 of them lived in a caravan at the bottom of the garden . 
  some leaving over the weekend to stay in a larger caravan down the road . 
  really nice guys , and they did a tremendous job so the buyer loves them . 
  however it completely sucks for the locals who would have done it otherwise . 
  which would you hire ? 
  quality of job 10/10 , cost 500 , speaks english . 
  or quality of job 9/10 costs 100 , speaks broken english . 
  how the hell can you expect locals to compete with that ? 
  it 's literally move trade or do n't earn , and you come along and tell them they should have done something with their life !, 
  shit man . 
  brexit passed because of the shit handling of the refugee crisis by the eu . 
  ` kick them out because we do n't like cheaters ' ` oh but not all the cheaters just one because ' . 
  best part if you have upvotes . 
  this subreddit at times , jesus . 
  mmm , no . 
  people voted assuming we would stay in the single market . 
  the others voted assuming we would end up with a better trade deal . 
  this prevents that happening . 
  passing it anyway based on ` hah hah you voted anyway ' , is dishonest at best , and nefariously ignoring them at worst . 
  you ca n't tell people what they voted for when it was n't on the ballot . 
  no they are n't . 
  nowhere near 50 % of people voted to abandon the eu with 0 trade deals in place . 
  you ca n't claim something is democratic when the question was n't asked . 
  the results are irrelevant , if we can not get a deal at the end of the 2 years the majority absolutely will not want to leave the eu . 
  no deal is not acceptable to anyone . 
  or we just say no to going through with it . 
  parliament would know the outcome of leaving with no deal at all , so i do n't see that being an issue , meaning the only thing this can do is allow us to legally block article 50 after the 2 years is up and allow us to stay should the deal be inadequate . 
  i ca n't say i have ever heard that before , her wikipage is all over the place on how trustworthy she is . 
  awards for good work , and heavy criticism for editing things to sound bias , interesting combo !, 
  few people will donate money to save the rhinos if they have never seen one . 
  zoo 's are vital for education and introducing people to nature . 
  visting africa is n't a possibility for many people . 
  in an ideal world i 100 % agree , same with eating animals ( though less so with pets , dogs have evolved to depend on and live with us ) . 
  there is n't one , it 's a rumour started by gove . 
  not giving parliament the right to vote on it would be really stupid . 
  this gives us an out in a worst case scenario . 
  that is if the uk wants to extend negotiations . 
  if the uk wants to just turn around and say ` nah we are staying ' other laws need to be viewed . 
  by someone in the government . 
  well i guess if spain thinks it 's so crap we should just give it back !, 
  ehh ... 
  the eu would love scotland but it would still have to meet all the requirements before being allowed in . 
  including the euro and schengen unless it can get exemptions but i was under the impression that was no longer a thing . 
  schengen whilst being great for the eu is impractical with scotland due to it 's border with the uk . 
  simply there is no border and has n't been for centuries , i 'd be surprised if there where no houses slap bang on the border , and huge numbers of people move across it each day . 
  they do n't really get exported :(, 
  in all fairness you can oppose independence without saying you would veto it . 
  i 'm highly against scottish independence but if they got the vote through and i had the power i would n't block it . 
  i could see that being a possibility , i 'm not entirely sure how big gibraltar is though to accommodate that arrangement . 
  haha . 
  yeah . 
  have you seen the news for the past year ? 
  ` leaving the single market is our red line ' . 
  ' $ 350million a week for the nhs ' . 
  all they do is backtrack , maybe if our government actually did what they said i might have some faith . 
  ironically it 's trump who is the only politician who i believe means what he says , even if what he says is barmy . 
  well gibraltar has n't ever indicated it would leave so why would they ? 
  why ? 
  scotland is already a country , gibraltar is n't , it 's a military outpost of immense strategic value . 
  scotland is valuable as well but it 's much harder to say no to . 
  eitherway i ca n't see gibraltar voting to leave anyway so i guess the point is moot . 
  yeah , but scotland is a fairly large country , not a small outpost which was built by the uk . 
  gibraltar is still a key military point , the uk government might consider that more important the self determination of people ( descended from ) those who moved to a military installation . 
  yeah well ... officials at the moment are a whole new level of special . 
  no-one said the other bits are not worth remembering . 
  if you glorify the good , and vilify the bad you get people who want to do good things , but look down on things like seeing other citizens as second class . 
  that is a good outcome . 
  you remember it all , you glorify the good , you vilify the bad . 
  you learn from the past .
