  however people seem to forget the 20 million people that where already living their before independence + all the time in-between that and recording immigrant nationalities . 
  humans gained a lot of new genes outside of africa . 
  we interbred with neanderthals and denisova man while spreading around the world . 
  on top of that environmental changes + time brings new evolution . 
  there where heavy genetic changes between leaving africa , and becoming ` european ' . 
  sounds fair !, 
  why are you crapping ? 
  germany has decreased unemployment . 
  same with birmingham somehow ... 
  the thing is colonialism was a result of geography and nothing more . 
  there is a theory called the ` into africa theory ' , which would make us all middle eastern rather than african . 
  well that only shows actual britons from the looks of things . 
  not people of british ancestry , i puts australia at only 1.2 million . 
  what situation did you get into where you learnt how to say ` lets go pee ' in two different formats , from the same country ? 
  you learn what you want to learn . 
  i did n't want to learn french , or spanish or indeed any language ( which i now regret ) , so i did n't , despite sitting through french lessons since i was 5 . 
  ireland is the official and most widely used name of the country . 
  eire is the name when speaking in gaelic . 
  it could be bollocks , but speaking english with a french accent is far easier to understand ( to a french person ) , than speaking english with an english accent . 
  oddly my local garden centre fills that void . 
  london is arguably the worlds biggest banking sector . 
  uk sciences and such are found mostly outside . 
  i wish we had more souvlaki , it 's only available in turkish/greek restaurants . 
  ah , yeah the stomach shot . 
  i thought that one was phased out . 
  the only deep muscle jab i had was yellow fever and i was quite young so it hurt a lot . 
  i was under the impression the shot you get after getting bitten was fairly painful . 
  deep muscle or something . 
  if you get a vaccine before symptoms show you will be fine ( though the administration is quite unpleasant ) , incubation can be up to a year . 
  if symptoms show ... well prior to the milwaukee protocol there was a 99.99 % fatality rate and those that lived where vegetablised . 
  with the milwaukee protocol have you a chance but it 's still not great . 
  of course , although european culture runs the risk of homogenising as is . 
  canada/australia have near identical cultures to the uk ( if anything closer to the rest of europe ) . 
  we just established you do n't need to be in europe to be in the eu . 
  there are lots of territories outside of europe in the eu . 
  they have the same culture as europeans and they reach all economic and social criteria . 
  why do you think globalism is bad out of interest ? 
  canada/australia/nz are europeans . 
  also the more people you get the more stable the world becomes and the more effective the union is because it takes an ever growing chunk of the pie . 
  i wish i had 1000 a month at uni . 
  # 250 a month rent ( unlikely to get anything quite that cheap without being a student ) , which leaves ... some amount for food/drink/travel . 
  firstly i do n't see why it is necessary , it 's just a name . 
  secondly you do n't have to be part of europe to be part of the eu . 
  there are lots of overseas territories in the eu , in the americas , africa and the pacific . 
  finally europe is a continent , and there are no set definitions of the word continent . 
  russia could in theory join and it 's huge it also includes large populations of completely non european people . 
  so if they can join why not other non european peoples ? 
  then what about greenland , sometimes it 's part of na , other times part of europe , sometimes not part of a continent . 
  as an american it 's far harder for you than an aussie or canadian . 
  something to do with the equal difficulty of me going to the states . 
  for example i could not visit the us to work and travel , but it took me only 2 hours of waiting time to be approved to do it in australia . 
  i do n't see why you should have to be part of europe . 
  there are many parts of the eu not in europe . 
  there is also no strict definition of europe . 
  i do n't think turkey is ready to join either , but was n't the conversation about what constitutes the boarders of the eu ? 
  geographic boundaries are irrelevant so we came up with cultural . 
  canada , australia/nz are culturally european , and have almost entirely european populations . 
  so canada and australia can join ? 
  fairly sure he said ` until they fulfil criteria ' . 
  if committed genocide sometime in the past voids this , his point is entirely accurate . 
  you spelt route wrong you plonka . 
  it probably varies from country to country but in the us the cost of executing someone is extremely high . 
  you have to be 100 % sure ( yet they still execute innocents surprisingly often ) , the legal costs of it are extreme as there are so many attempts to get out of it . 
  there are probably other expenditures i am missing and i am not entirely sure where the money goes , there are a few sources around [ this ] ( http://www.deathpenalty.org/article.php?id=42 ) explains it a bit . 
  stats like this are certainly encouraging , it would depend where they where introduced and what measures people would take to minimise interactions i guess . 
  i do n't think surrey is going to escape on the independence train any time soon : /, 
  this is very true , red deer up north are being actively culled because they destroy the forests . 
  it does tend to be a little dreary , not to mention the lack of light can be a little depressing if it goes on too long . 
  that said it has been so sunny this year , the entire lawn died , it 's only just recovering . 
  to sum up , dark spots + eco tourism = corruption . 
  earlier this year i was in the australian outback on a road trip . 
  we stopped at night and had a look at the sky . 
  it was so bright , there was barely a patch in the sky without stars , i have honestly never seen anything like it we started up for hours . 
  no way i could make out any constellations , and you could make out 4 ( if i remember correctly ) galaxies , including our own . 
  all i can think of over here , is kebab/pizza/indian shops which target drunk people , and 24 hour supermarkets . 
  last time i was in sweden i do n't think we visited any fast food places so i can not comment . 
  now you mention it we do n't have any taco bell either , the only mexican place i can think of is chiquita or something along those lines . 
  ( kfc is another , fun once every couple of months but any more and you start feeling queasy and guilty ), 
  not at all , perhaps just renaming things would be easier . 
  i have heard tongue is very nice but the idea is a little revolting to me . 
  do n't tell me what it is though and i will wolf that thing down !, 
  american sweets are decidedly meh . 
  especially chocolate which is bland and tasteless . 
  fast food is fun to look at , easy to get but always disappointing ( at least in my opinion , might be in the minority for that one ) . 
  is n't that where the problem lies , it 's mexican adapted for a western palate , a natural non adapted version would be unlikely to go down quite as well . 
  it 's your opinion i guess , but the death penalty does absolutely nothing to curb crime , costs more than incarceration and gets the criminal off quickly rather than punishing them with life in a box . 
  do n't you get 24 hour food shops ? 
  not being from scotland i vote for real democracy . 
  i would much rather see us stick together and overhaul the voting/governing system than shatter into pieces . 
  i suggested a print version of the bbc and was laughed at . 
  there is something refreshing about going to a beach and being buffeted by strong , cold winds and a little sea spray . 
  then grabbing some fish and chips and sitting in a small mostly empty caf\u00e9 watching the world go by . 
  is it just me that likes our weather ? 
  it 's not too hot , or too cold . 
  the drizzle is not so much it stops you going outside , yet more than enough to keep the grass green , the trees nice and bright and the rivers flowing . 
  there are little to no storms , almost never any freak weather patterns , and the short winter sometimes produces glorious blankets of snow , that are great for snowball fights but do n't kill people . 
  i have travelled a lot ( almost entirely to warm countries ) and the weak , yellowing grasses found across the warm world are depressing , not to mention the lack of decent trees ; lots of needled trees and prickly scrub . 
  good luck convincing people they want bears !, 
  wolves are proving hard enough , then lynx would probably be next to deal with the rabbit population . 
  yeah , but i need a car , i do n't need wolves .
