  i definitely do n't want to see languages die out , but we need a common language to bond us together . 
  many people can already speak 2 languages , one of which is usually english , so it makes sense to keep all legal and business information in a language ` everyone ' can understand . 
  i have no idea what you mean . 
  the falklanders want to remain a self governing body , not part of a larger nation . 
  it does matter , it matters a huge amount . 
  there is a reason the entire globe is steadily learning english , a common business language is incredibly handy , on top of that is every paper was written in english the entire world could advance far faster . 
  deliberatly speaking a different language to the rest of the world out of pride is daft . 
  yes certainly , however they do n't have the clout on the international level . 
  english is spoken in almost all of north america , australasia , manyof the caribean islands , japan it 's widespread , even in china it 's very well know . 
  english is india 's official language , i have only been to south america once but many if not most people i met spoke english . 
  it it where a choice based soley on europe i would agree , however english is a requirement for business and co-operation on an international level . 
  * smug face *, 
  i said it scares me not it 's rational . 
  personally i do n't like using the st. george cross , but it has hardly gone anywhere , so i know it 's unfounded . 
  currency is more of a tradition thing , i am certain i wo n't care after a while , but i do n't like seeing things i consider mine changing . 
  it 's just a frame of mind many britons need to get over myself included . 
  another small irk is changing from pence to cents . 
  the whole thing is a pride issue , it just feels like giving ground which is an uncomfortable feeling . 
  that was actually my point . 
  i could see a lot of resistance against it and i would to in their shoes . 
  that said languages do n't have to disappear , at all . 
  films can still be made in native tongues ( i would actually encourage this ) , everyone can still speak their native tongue , still be taught in schools . 
  the only difference would be all administrative documents would have to be in english primarily to ensure everyone eu wide could understand it . 
  after of course english is taught nationwide in schools , would n't really work otherwise . 
  translation programs are getting more advanced no doubt so hopefully they will come along and save the day . 
  historically as countries unify a single language takes over and the others end up dying out or mingling into the dominant one . 
  as language is a tool to communicate it makes sense to use the language most people can understand . 
  i could see some of the less spoken languages losing out in the struggle . 
  not dying out completely though , welsh is still going strong . 
  i would guess europe will turn into a canada style country in regard to languages . 
  english being the dominant trade and social language , which french ( or in europe , regional languages ) being dominant in their respective areas . 
  not really . 
  it 's just after wwi and wwii military spending plummeted , the eu has loads to offer we just do n't bring guns to the party at the moment . 
  i am for a fully federalised europe . 
  though the idea of losing my flag and currency honestly scares me . 
  there is a long way to go first however , all the countries are currently held together by only a few stitches , we need to sew everything together . 
  we need full on elections for eu presidency . 
  we need a lingua franca , i think we can agree what it 's going to be but i for one would be very hard pushed to ` give up ' my language . 
  we need to eradicate corruption across europe we need more unified social structures . 
  things like the two billion euro projects are fantastic in my opinion for eu morale , and that feeling of unity . 
  we need to land on the moon . 
  it sounds stupid but pulling together to complete that project would give a huge boost to national pride , and global recognition . 
  we need to fix the economy . 
  obvious but we can not become closer without a comeback , rebuilding is a great unifier . 
  there is less and less call for military , however i would still like to see a eu wide military with say 2-3 % of eu budget . 
  ideally used for peace keeping . 
  the un has bugger all power and there is a serious need for more neutral forces to help protect people globally , think mali sort of interventions . 
  a federalisation also gives us a chance to re-write the fundamental rules of governing . 
  a chance to actually create a constitution that works . 
  again not true . 
  would you call australia an aborigine colony ? 
  they moved from one island to another one . 
  the falklanders did n't replace anyone . 
  most of the britons living there are doing so because they where born there . 
  i would not be surprised , and nk is famous for tunnels , it would be vietnam again but worse . 
  there are supposedly two types of nk missile that can hit the us . 
  one can not hold a nuclear weapon , the other can not hit it 's target . 
  the odds are far higher that it just crashes somewhere . 
  what is more likely is a complete annihilation of seoul through artillery and chemical weapons . 
  i think the eu should assist if it came to it . 
  not because we have to , but because we want to . 
  the us could handle it by themselves , but we should have their back in situations like this . 
  it ' not them being aggressive it 's a sovereign nation in the 21st century under serious risk of being annexed . 
  nk is the worst place on earth , any human with the power to do something should . 
  it would be pretty dumb , if you are already fighting sk and the us . 
  nuking anywhere in europe would have the immediate effect of bringing the entire eu down on them . 
  not sure about russia , i guess they would not be a target to nk so would stay out of it , though they may also jump at the chance to take nk as their buffer . 
  to more of a degree . 
  argentina was home to thousands of natives who where slaughtered by the current populations ancestors . 
  the falklands where uninhabited . 
  the britons are the first population to call it home . 
  but britons are the native population in the same way the natives on the mainland are of argentina . 
  i ca n't just stop drinking grapetise ... 
  well i know what i am doing tommorow !, 
  fortunatly my boss is out so if i spill it all over the keyboard i can swap it for his . 
  i will have to see what they do , though how i am supposed to eat soup in the office i do n't yet know . 
  yep i walk past it on the way into work , decided to try some and got slightly addicted to it . 
  you want fries with that ? 
  sushi and a cold mocha ` milkshake ' thing . 
  everyday for 2 months , i still look forward to it . 
  is it even legally allowed to be called cheese ? 
  spray cheese ... spray cheese !? 
  good god , what has the world come to . 
  the point is they would n't be . 
  oh my god , history has an impact on the present , this is truly shocking news . 
  few people where against mali and libya . 
  afghanistan is a slightly more difficult subject . 
  real peacekeeping is something we should definately be doing . 
  a united europe would be second in millitary strength only to the us due to their bizzare budget . 
  as such a superpower it 's our duty to protect those than can not protect themselves ( trying to say that without sounding like a total arse is impossible , but i am sure you get what i mean ) . 
  the first time i ever made coffee i made it rather strong , the guy drinking it brought it back and said it was revolting . 
  so i figured it worked like hot chocolate and needed more flavour . 
  he nearly threw up . 
  would it not be cheaper ? 
  there would be less administration , guaranteed highest quality everything . 
  quantity will slip though to accommodate any cost increase . 
  personally i look forward to it , a united defence force would mean the entire eu would choose which military conflicts to participate in , which hopefully would end crap like the iraq conflict . 
  i can not speak for everyone but i feel very european , however it 's hard to feel like a citizen of the eu . 
  there are very few eu flags , i still need a passport to travel to the continent , there is nothing at home to indicate we are not simply britain . 
  there is a book somewhere about countries britain has had a military presence in ( i do n't think it includes bases like the current us uses ) .
