  under what premise do you assume the eu is spineless ? 
  although his act of aggression has put the nail in the coffin in term of ` can russia be trusted ? ' . 
  i would be shocked if all of europe does n't start working to reduce/eradicate reliance on russia for anything . 
  that 's not to say trade would stop but rather other avenues explored that previously we did n't have to . 
  i do n't understand what the poles expected us to do . 
  france got flattened in a few weeks how is throwing loads of men to their deaths in a pointless attempt to defend poland for a month going to help them in the long run ? 
  the agreement with ukraine and the nato alliance are leagues apart in terms of ` seriousness ' . 
  potato blight , that is a disease . 
  europe could and would if the event arose , although it would be far easier with the us on our side . 
  the world does n't mind when the us/a power intervenes properly . 
  the us does n't though . 
  libya/mali/car where all popular with the people because they where short , got the job done and helped people ( yes there are arguments against this bit ) . 
  the us does n't get involved in places it 's wanted , it gets involved where it wants , illegal invasions under shoddy pretext that turned out to be false , then quickly making up new reasons for staying . 
  toppling democratically elected governments , propping up dictatorships , embargoing countries for no good reason . 
  you make it sound like you are damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  if you want to play world police , you have to actually police properly , although going by the countless stories we all hear about us police in the backyard i can see why it 's confusing . 
  says the commonwealth that crumbled ... 
  sorry , the commonwealth already exists we stole the name . 
  you will have to get a new one . 
  is that like jesus camp ? 
  you can mock it as much as you like does n't make it not true . 
  well that 's true , but surely more is better in a defence force . 
  i agree with the dislike for some countries forign policy ( my own included ) , although i like frances stance , it 's help has saved many lives and is exactly the kind of meddling we should be doing . 
  i hope the eu follows a foreign policy closer to theirs ( in regards to mali/car ) . 
  fairly sure britain was doing a little fighting during that time period . 
  i highly doubt the eu would sit by while someone invaded one of it 's members . 
  you are already part of the eu which has defence agreements . 
  adding the us to that would be the only change if you joined nato . 
  which is why we make compromises , the uk is one of the biggest players in the eu and it 's in everyone 's interest to keep them happy . 
  honestly it could mostly be done with less bias reporting at home , i ca n't see what else the eu can really do when the papers are busy telling everyone that brussels wants to eat your children . 
  i agree no picking and choosing , but at the same time you can not pass laws that some wo n't agree to , and on top of that we have to realise that situations change and what was once good for a nation wo n't necessarily be good in the future . 
  that said so far i have not seen anything from the eu i really do n't like . 
  although there have been a few things i have seen pop up recently which are utterly moronic and i hope wo n't pass . 
  then they should be sold loose or in bags of small ones . 
  it 's already perfect you mean ? 
  the point in the eu is to create a unified body that everyone wants to join . 
  not to say ` leave if you do n't like it ' whenever an issue is raised . 
  if you do that people will leave and the eu will crumble . 
  the us is the closest rival economically , russia is more of a threat than a competitor . 
  think of it as friendly rivalry . 
  what is wrong with a minimum size law ? 
  if i am paying # 1 for a bag of kiwi 's i want them all to be over a certain size , not get home and find some tiny ones hidden amoungst the others . 
  it 's consumer protection . 
  of course if you are selling them individually by weight i do n't see the problem . 
  the moon landings where a great way to boost national pride in the us , we could easiyl do the same thing . 
  plus spendng on the esa is the opposite of a waste , it encourages innovation and investment . 
  we want the esa to take over as the primary space agency , that way we get lots of foriegn investment . 
  i already pay one tv license i do n't want to pay a second . 
  i think it 's a superb idea though . 
  good point , i think cloning any hominid would be highly ethically dubious . 
  what would you do with them ? 
  put them in a zoo ? 
  a lab somewhere ? 
  if you invent , patent and produce the toilet you could become a billionaire !, 
  then invade india , just because . 
  arrested for harbouring illegal aliens ? 
  that would be a harsh come down after inventing a time machine and proving to the world the existance of another hominid , and providing live examples of 4 others !, 
  well we have fully sequenced the neanderthal genome , so in theory ... on a similar note , there is another hominid species called homo denisova , so far we have found almost nothing of them , but a portion of their genes seem to be spattered through asian populations , in a similar way neanderthal genes are found in europeans . 
  bring one of those back and you can become a celebrity !, 
  amoungst anthropologists ... 
  might get some weird looks trying to buy beer with coins saying ` elizabeth ii ' on them . 
  i 'm aladeen it will end well . 
  at least they do n't have horned helmets !, 
  i have that wiki page up right now !, 
  incidentally the second series of vikings started last week and the latest episode was out yesterday . 
  if you have not watched it , i would highly , highly recommend it . 
  yeah , sorry i kind of went off on one because i was enjoying myself . 
  well you never know , which unfortunately is the problem . 
  does n't a fear of voting , show there is serious pressure on them , ergo the vote is not exactly fair . 
  not a single no seems suspect to me . 
  i did n't mean popular vote , i meant parliament one . 
  neither was kosovo , the terminology is irrelevant . 
  like i said though , if it 's a legitimate want , there is no problem . 
  it 's just highly suspect that there was a 100 % in favour vote when crimea is not 100 % russian by any means . 
  i do n't remember kosovo voting to be annexed by the invaders . 
  well the normans where initially viking invaders who settled there , which is why france did n't like them . 
  of course in reality just because you settle there does n't mean you eradicate the population and start from scratch . 
  recent evidence in the genetics field shows all of the uk ( not just the fringes ) is still genetically mostly celtic , it 's our culture that changed in england/most of scotland . 
  basically scotland ( particularly orkney/shetland , hebrides ) was slightly colonised by vikings . 
  scotland , north of england was owned by denmark at once point , the rest of england was administered by it . 
  then we have the frisians/angles/saxons and jutes a little later on . 
  scotland is very heavily anglo-saxon and only a minor bit celtic ( outer fringes ) , all the major cities bar inverness are anglo . 
  if scotland counts as slightly nordic , the normans most certainly do as well . 
  and butter of course !, 
  kosovo voted for independance while occupied . 
  crimea is voting to join the country illegally occupying it . 
  if the vote is actually representative of the people then there is no problem , but it 's incredibly suspicious that a nation that has been invaded then voted to join the invaders . 
  sure it 's not the first time it 's happened but it 's still suspect , which is why people are less inclined to accept it . 
  i had snails once and they where quite tasty , lots of garlic !, 
  yep , never met a lithuanian , hungarians , estonians , poles , romanians , serbs , germans and greeks , but never a lithuanian . 
  from norway to vilnius , getting back again is substantially more expensive . 
  so commonwealth english/us english ? 
  the netherlands is a nation that was nearly a mega empire . 
  they nearly held huge north american colonies , they nearly held huge african colonies , they nearly held australasia . 
  sorry netherlands , it was nothing personal , we even stole territory in africa from portugal our longest running ally . 
  wait a second , that 's today !, 
  there is a thors-ley ( thursley now ) down the road from me in surrey . 
  have not seen to many vikings there though . 
  yeah , they have been invaded by russia ... 
  the normans where frankified vikings just to make it a little more confusing .
