  instead we will sit by and watch it burn . 
  i suppose it depends on if you think the us actually wanted a fully functional stable iraq . 
  they managed to create stable , albeit brutal dictatorships in south america . 
  they are part of the anglosphere , but less angloy compared to australia/canada/nz . 
  so-so . 
  in general they are liked however public opinion has dropped quite badly since the iraq war . 
  i have had a few american friends saying they get verbal abuse in the uk at times . 
  i think the problems come from the us being very successful , very vocal yet absolutely terrible to their own people , who still shout about how great it is . 
  it 's easier to remember annoying/bad things than good things and we get a lot of negative news from the us . 
  that said we still go there a lot and watch a lot of their films . 
  i believe the uk is the largest investor in the us , and the us is the largest investor in the uk at least it was last time i checked . 
  politically we are two of the most closely linked countries there are . 
  it 's hard to think of the us as foreign . 
  true but those borders would never have been drawn up ( poorly ) in the first place without the ottoman involvement and the doggy regimes not precent . 
  somewhat debateable . 
  innocent ? 
  no , to blame for all the mess ? 
  also no . 
  it 's a mix of the ottomans , us , uk , france and local customs . 
  hell the mess traces all the way back to the mongols . 
  it 's far more complex than just ` uurrrghhh britain sucks !, 
  it 's had a role , but the instability goes all the way back the the ottoman empire . 
  your seriously blaming the uk for the syrian civil war ? 
  comparatively few where gypsies , the biggest groups where jews , then poles . 
  and instead cost the lives of far far more . 
  which he did n't do because he wanted to save the crappy old ships ... 
  yes but they landed 2 weeks later than intended giving the turks ample time to set up a defense . 
  had they landed when they where supposed to there would have been little defense and more troops could easily have been moved in after the headway was secured . 
  why ? 
  it probably would have worked if they actually did what they where told . 
  it 's like a charge over no mans land when the enemy was asleep . 
  you do n't get half way , change your mind , go back , then charge again an hour later when everyone is awake and pointing guns at you . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why mess with what works ? 
  to be fair if you are talking about gallipoli it was the other admirals that failed to obey orders and caused the mess not churchill 's idea . 
  what do you mean ? 
  you did n't give us your navy , that was why copenhagen was attacked . 
  how else is he supposed to judge ? 
  for many the only europeans they speak to are online . 
  that is how you form opinions . 
  that is n't true , the uk tried but sweden refused military access on the ( probably well founded ) idea that the uk would end up seizing iron mines and likely dragging them into the war with germany . 
  norway also refused out of fears of being dragged into war . 
  ca n't really argue with that , although the illegal war sparked the largest protests in british history . 
  we where ignored . 
  there where global protests claimed as `` the largest protest event in human history . '', 
  still ignored . 
  need more backing that some bloke with a gun though . 
  in before ` shit it was n't plugged in properly ' . 
  well half of it is ` turkey ' which does n't count as europe . 
  although seeing as the parts of turkey on the european side of the black sea are europe it makes little sense for turkish cyprus not to be . 
  what 's up with the outer hebrides , orkneys/shetlands , isle of mann , aland , bornholm and the other islands . 
  they do n't even get a shrug . 
  i assume it means the words come from old/middle english not french . 
  half of england was under danelaw , dublin was founded by vikings , my local town in the south is named after thor , our days of the week are named after norse gods and the entire country was conquered by frankified norsemen . 
  william the conquerors great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather was rollo ( the guy in vikings ), 
  wow that is one butt-ugly car . 
  simply because for now it is n't our problem i guess . 
  unfortunately it 's this attitude that has led to italy 's problems and will lead to others further down the line . 
  if ukip is considered extremist we are doing pretty well . 
  we tried last time but they did n't answer the phone for years . 
  i never upvote anything , i will make an exception just for you . 
  i like ours and want it to stick around . 
  presumably the dutch one is very similar . 
  to be fair we have healthy teeth , they are just not aesthetically pleasing . 
  greeks eat a lot of cheese and olives as well as cooking in olive oil . 
  lower carbohydrate consumption means lower risk of cardiovascular disease and less age molecule production . 
  guessing that plays a role . 
  we rock at desert though . 
  yet to visit a country that does better puddings . 
  you also eat more baked beans than us . 
  more easily accessible mental therapy . 
  not really , you use the wrong thing and people will start to think nsfl is n't so bad and start opening them when they should n't . 
  true , not sure why there are not more . 
  cost perhaps , or difficulty of building new ones . 
  not really i do n't live there . 
  suspect the locals may complain though . 
  then again perhaps it 's better to just take one crappy area and make it really crappy , rather than crap up lots of okay places . 
  get off my roads !, 
  you 're slowing me down !, 
  we do n't want huge ugly blocks of flats either . 
  i heard they where full of argentinans and then the argentinians invaded them so we killed them all and put brits there . 
  what a way to go !, 
  well they had the nazi 's , though they did also invade poland causing wwii alongside them . 
  i do n't think that is true . 
  france/britain especially have got away with a lot over the centuries , so has spain to an extent . 
  i 'm sure there are thousands of examples of unpunished horror . 
  we could do this about every country in europe pretty much . 
  though most would date back quite far . 
  could be interesting actually . 
  the bbc article even has him with his medal of bravery , seems to have been completely overshadowed though . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34023361 ) it says he was injured in the struggle and got a medal for bravery same as the marines . 
  one of the men was [ actually british ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34023361 ) he was injured whilst trying to subdue the attacked . 
  the news has successfully glossed over it for some reason . 
  he even got a medal for bravery . 
  `` members of one subspecies differ morphologically '', 
  i just think it 's a tad mean to conflate anti-americanism with appreciation of terrorism . 
  excellent thanks , i have not seen it on tv yet . 
  i guess more of the story will uncover tomorrow . 
  that just says a briton got shot . 
  to be fair he did n't say that at all .
