  the eu is the strongest economy in the world ... 
  it came out of the ground , just putting it back . 
  seems safe to me , the biggest issue with burying on land is accidental leaking into aquifers . 
  drop them into the volcanoes on hawaii . 
  or just do n't build power plants on floodplains . 
  hydro power anihhilates ecosystems , tidal power does a similar thing both of these are green . 
  most people use the term to mean not emmiting green house gasses , which as you pointed out yourself is the number one threat to humanity . 
  ergo combating that as fast as possible is very important . 
  i would be quite interested to see a powerplant setup at the straights of gibralter . 
  the tidal energy there is insane . 
  i want canada to join . 
  do n't you just hate it when tsunamis take out power plants in bavaria , it 's an increasing problem . 
  sure we can . 
  encase in concrete and dump it in the ocean . 
  it is green though , which is currently more important . 
  i have to say that is some grade a banter . 
  spain used to be gmt , but it changed just before wwii to appease hitler . 
  they just never changed back . 
  the chinese are not pro-russian . 
  russia just happens to be the enemy of their enemy . 
  the thing that really struck me was how many galaxies you can see . 
  i think i counted 5 , in the uk we are lucky to see the milky way due to the pollution . 
  everyone knows the further north you go the less electricity there is . 
  there is so little gravity it just stops working . 
  i was going to say , it 's the brightest spot on earth from that image . 
  having spent time in the outback where there is 0 light pollution i completely agree with you . 
  it 's an incredible sight , i had no idea just how many stars there where , and i live in the countryside !, 
  southerner , so ... no . 
  i 've always brought them home and eaten them there , with the exception of the sea side , but it 's been raining for the last few years so i have not been in a while . 
  well i guess pasties are popular up north . 
  other than crisps i do n't see people eating food walking around though . 
  well ... maybe drunk on a friday evening . 
  yeah but we go to noisy places to be noisy !, 
  i do n't get the table thing . 
  who the hell eats walking/standing up in the uk ? 
  i do n't see why a country of countries can not describe more than one thing . 
  well with the exception of england all the individual states have their own government , laws , education systems , taxes and budget . 
  good point , old william of orange . 
  easiest ` invasion ' ever , an armed gaurd and procession to the capital !, 
  seems to be a trend : united kingdom of : united states of : republic of :, 
  i knew actually about that one !, 
  we should all team up , worlds longest country name here we come . 
  wait portugal was also called the united kingdom at one point ? 
  it is a country though , the united kingdom is a collection of countries under one government . 
  hence united kingdom , it 's a union of kingdoms . 
  the mighty german empire , consisting of a single sausage factory in tanganyika . 
  sounds familiar , one of my friends even got hit by a tram !, 
  not run over or anything , just walloped with the wing mirror . 
  the odds are pretty damn slim on a flat surface . 
  in my experiance there it 's usually me/other tourists being hit for standing in the bike lanes . 
  horay , one guy died and one guy got concussion . 
  both are bad , and the point in a helmet is to prevent injury in slow collisions not if you get hit by a car . 
  it 's your skull , not mine . 
  very true , we have a few here in reading . 
  yeah ... that 's what i am saying . 
  they are debating the term ` british isles ' though not whether or not it 's part of the archipelago . 
  speed increases the chance of death/injury . 
  going slower does n't eliminate it . 
  again does n't matter , dropping an egg from hand height , vs throwing an egg down , both times the egg explodes you just got a bit more splatter the second time . 
  with a skull you have weak points , it does n't matter if you are going at speed or not , you fall and hit those bits on the pavement you are fucked . 
  that is the whole point in a helmet . 
  driving on the left is safer though . 
  world *, 
  ireland is part of the british isles ... turkey is part of europe . 
  speed does n't matter , falling from standing onto your head can kill you . 
  it 's illegal to cycle on the pavement ... 
  i do n't think you know what annexed means . 
  holy shit i can see a black man !, 
  there goes the neighbourhood . 
  i trust myself to be responsible . 
  i do n't trust other people . 
  i do n't want to be killed by some cretin flying out of his car and hitting me . 
  i do n't want my tax to go up ( or quality of healthcare to go down ) because someone got far more hurt in an accident than they should have if they where responsible . 
  all kids deserve an education and i do n't give a flying fuck what the parents think . 
  it 's not their decision to educate their kids or not . 
  the death penalty solves absolutely nothing , and i most definitely do n't want someone who believes in magic to have any sway in my daily life . 
  i know , it 's called poking fun . 
  my grandfather is welsh . 
  although it is also technically accurate . 
  we do n't want christianity and the death penalty . 
  socialism is usually quite a good idea , and the eu is democratic . 
  seatbelts should be mandatory , so should schooling . 
  what sort of terrible world do you want to live in ? 
  if our coring range is too low we will get nothing but increased revolt risk in scotland . 
  well ... yeah , but technically it is a beach . 
  did n't 18 people get off that plane ? 
  hey !, 
  those where bought not stolen , we still have the receipt !, 
  ehh ... 
  sorry , there was no such thing as wales when he was born . 
  wales was part of england . 
  wales only gained ` independence ' in 1998 and only got boarders in the 1960 's . 
  it 's like claiming julius ceaser as italian . 
  much appreciated , we already have a william in line for the throne though . 
  we have morecombe bay !, 
  it 's a long sandy beach ( and up north ... ) , the tide comes in so fast though people often drown there . 
  so just gift all of ukraine to poland , that way ukraine will automatically become part of the eu and nato !, 
  it would be easier to just build a giant inflatable middle finger and float it over the kremlin . 
  you know you will have to show us anything you get right ? 
  in general it 's done very well though , sure there are problems but many countries have seen a marked increase in the quality of life and freedoms that only the eu could have brought .
