  i do n't see them as direct family members , more like a counsin who you get on with verywell . 
  in some ways , i feel closer to western/northern europeans in more than the us . 
  to summerise : * canada/australsia/gib / falklands - siblings * europe - friends * us - counsin who stays over quite often and you get on really well with * african brits - slightly racist half-brother who you really like , but would rather keep a little distance from just in case he ends up on the news for having killed someone . 
  do n't know any lativans sorry , poles built my house and studied with me ( not the same ones ) . 
  all great guys . 
  about 20million english heritage people vanished between 5 years of census 's . 
  it 's just not reported because it 's the default . 
  if you have an 3 english gradnparents and one german , you are american with german ancestory ( for many not all ) . 
  it 's only been incorporated into scotland because it 's part of the uk , scotland as a sovereign nation has never held claim over rockall and it makes up a huge chunk of the north sea . 
  there is no way in hell that will go down without a fight . 
  as from the date of the passing of this act , the island of rockall ( of which possession was formally taken in the name of her majesty on 18th september 1955 in pursuance of a royal warrant dated 14th september 1955 addressed to the captain of her majesty 's ship vidal ) shall be incorporated into that part of the united kingdom known as scotland and shall form part of the district of harris in the county of inverness , and the law of scotland shall apply accordingly is the quote , it clearly states incorporated into the part of the united kingdom , if scotland is not in the united kingdom it stands to reason the act is void . 
  now it obviously also states the law of scotland applies . 
  which is why i think there will be a fight over it , way too much territory to vanish to go down without argument . 
  especially as scotland is already taking a huge portion of the oil and gas , and rockall holds a lot more . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/bills/lbill/2010-2012/0079/amend/am079-o.htm ) we have a small lords amendment stating :  the earl of caithness  insert the following new clause --  `` amendments to the island of rockall act 1972  ( 1 ) the rockall act 1972 is amended as follows . 
   ( 2 ) in section 1 , after first `` shall '' insert `` for administrative purposes '' . 
   ( 3 ) after section 1 insert --  `` ( 1a ) rockall is owned by the united kingdom and , in the event of scotland leaving the united kingdom , it shall be owned by the united kingdom . '' . '', 
  i 'm just wondering what happens with territory like rockall , while it 's administrated under a scottish council it 's never been scottish territory . 
  it was claimed by the uk and it 's huge fishing territory is used by the uk . 
  you deserve it you monster !, 
  we do n't need it , let someone who does need it take the money . 
  even with the crisis the eu is still the number 1 economy on earth ... 
  the f-35 is the joint strike fighter , who did you think it was joint with ? 
  you must live in a different uk to the rest of us . 
  science is meaningless to most people . 
  to get funding you have to not only get results or have a decent aim , but appeal to people . 
  besting the us really appeals to people . 
  the esa could easily take over as the dominant space agency with a little push . 
  esa is said as an acronym not as a word ( like nasa ) , plus if you have the entire thing writen out properly it requires the ` the ' . 
  it sounds wrong not using the definite article . 
  you seem to forget british people are not foriegn ; everyone else is . 
  i do n't get your healthcare thing though , free healthcare has been a thing in the uk for a long time and it seems odd anyone would go on about others wanting it . 
  i lived and worked in australia for a year , i miss it . 
  though i have found a good job here now so i am happy to stay for now . 
  however if i do n't get out of the city asap i may go bonkers . 
  i really do flourish my pinky when drinking . 
  sadly i do n't have a redcoat yet , though i do have a pith helmet !, 
  well that is massively disappointing . 
  you can not trust the media with anything . 
  you can not sign an agreement then back out without some consequences . 
  i think the younger brits going abroad would be more likely to learn the language than the older generation . 
  so i would say it 's mostly based around age demographics . 
  only 39k in portugal is slightly surprising . 
  tell that to the french !, 
  london is france 's 7th largest city by population . 
  direct democracy is great in theory , but people vote with their emotions not their brain . 
  different people are educated to different levels and it 's impossible for everyone to actually understand the different ramiffications of their vote . 
  that only happened a couple of times !, 
  over the course of it 's life , or per test . 
  because the latter is n't great . 
  of course , which is why it would be silly to claim women/men can/cannot do certain things . 
  there are only overlying tendancies rather than ridgid rules . 
  so on average you may expect to see males in certain roles , and females in others . 
  ah , you are above nature . 
  and i am the dumb one ... 
  that ca n't be right there is no way to distinguish where the decimal begins . 
  you must use 1.000.000,003 . 
  otherwise it 's impossible to know wether the number is one million point zero zero three or one billion and three . 
  contrary to the down votes women and men are different , our brains function differently , we tackle problems differently and we view the world differently . 
  during our evolution it was the role of males to sort out combat and plan defences and offenses . 
  it seems na\u00efve to think hundreds of thousands of years of evolution has had no effect on the way the average male/female thinks . 
  well there is some debate about that . 
  although meldeleev is credited with it 's creation he was building on the work of others . 
  for example alexandre-emile b\u00e9guyer de chancourtois ( france ) built a table based on atomic weight . 
  he did n't however include a diagram so it mostly went unoticed . 
  it 's interesting because it was drawn onto a cylinder and spiralled . 
  then there is john newlands ( uk ) who created an actual table and even discovered the [ laws of 8 groups ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/newlands_periodiska_system_1866.png ) . 
  unfortunatly this was n't ercognised until after mendeleev either . 
  i think he is now credited with discovering ` periodic law ' . 
  mendeleev 's was unique in that it left gaps for new elements , mendeleev predicted we had not discovered all the elements and took it into account ; however it was still not [ complete by a long shot ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/46/mendeleev%27s_periodic_table_%281869%29.svg/732px-mendeleev%27s_periodic_table_%281869%29.svg.png ) . 
  what it did better than the others was gain popularity . 
  i do n't recognise meitnerium at all . 
  looks like i have some reading to do . 
  einsteinium - germany rutherfordium - us bohrium - denmark curium - poland mendelevium - russia wow my element knowledge is lacking ... also , none from the uk ? 
  disappointed . 
  fuck off , it 's hard enough to find a job as it is . 
  took me months and the end result was still only half a week . 
  though i assume most of these vacancies are not in the sector i want to work in , thus irrelevant . 
  well russia 's capital is inside europe , and it 's primary culture is european . 
  i think the analogy may start to break down if we pursue this . 
  that 's because it 's not in europe ... 
  it 's an asian country with a tiny bit sticking in . 
  if i put my hand through a letter box , i am not ` in the house ' . 
  london is another good example . 
  i do n't think pocketed diversity is nessecarily a good thing though . 
  people should be aiming to integrate not forming their own countries inside a country . 
  it causes friction with the native population , which can often manifest as racism or racial assaults . 
  that said i enjoy being able to go to places like china town . 
  meant unconquered !, 
  rather a big typo there . 
  i would absolutely love a big one of these to hang on my wall . 
  preferably in english , but i could cope with french if i had to . 
  the same way the welsh are different to the english next door . 
  portugal remained unconquered by spain it 's entire history , with a brief exception where the king of spain ruled both . 
  the scots , not so much . 
  the only parts non anglo are the very sparsely inhabited highlands . 
  well it 's not quite the same , but i agree it sets a rather bad precedent . 
  that said there must be something useful prisoners can do rather than just sponge . 
  i assume there are education systems setup inside as part of rehabilitation . 
  well that is the problem they have in the us , with for-profit-jails .
