  is the systembolaget the evil anit-alchohol thing they have going on in sweeden ? 
  almost ruined my trip ... 
  then you eat one and reaslise actually you did n't . 
  i belive the original plan was 3 carriers and 140ish f-35 's . 
  we just do n't have the budget at the moment though , it 's one of the biggest issues with the recession . 
  however we can always buy more planes to fit on the carriers later . 
  as it is we already spend more gdp than most countries and the current pointless wars are sapping more and more recourses . 
  ideally we need the rest of europe to start pitching in , which i think would be more likely if the us left . 
  the millitary is being trimmed back not abolished . 
  we already have plans for carriers + aircraft , not to mention there are advanced missiles in development and upgrades to our frigates . 
  they should be ready by 2020 . 
  you mentioned it yourself , it takes time to build an millitary , when powers around us start doing it we will in response ( i hope ) . 
  the eu is too chaotic at the moment for a unified millitary we need to federalise some more before that time . 
  i am not nieve enough to think there will never be war again . 
  however we are in a unique position for the first time in human history . 
  trade and buisness has reached a level where war on a global scale we annihhilate our way of living . 
  secondly and more importantly the whole mutually assured destruction is somewhat of a turnoff for warfare . 
  war is fought to win , you do n't fight for the sake of it . 
  if you are going to lose you do n't start a fight . 
  we have huge alliances the size of which is unprecedented . 
  nato and the eu , not to mention the commonwealth make up half the planet , the only two other nations capable of starting or ending a war are russia and china . 
  russia despite putin is pushing forward in a non aggresive manor ( which can not be said for the us or even the uk ) . 
  china is becoming more and more liberal , slowly admittadly but it 's getting there , starting a war would be the dumbest thing any large nation could possibly do . 
  finally the us defence system is built for defence gainst the middle east not russia or china . 
  both countries have long range missles easily capable of bypassing the patriot system . 
  if russia where to randomly invade tommorow they would flatten half of europe regardless of the us troops stationed there . 
  until the middle east or africa seriously united in an islamic republic there is no serious threat to europe ( you can be damn sure that 's not going to happen anytime soon ) . 
  china does n't want to and can not invade europe , russia could but it would result in everyone on the planet dying , the uk and probably france have submarines permanantly patrolling the worlds seas . 
  in the event of a nuclear attack they would nuke whoever launched it . 
  todays millitaries need to be capable of long range projection and most importantly intelligence as counters to terrorism , i know that sounds seriously ` fox news ' but attacks will come from smaller nations and full on western style warfare is idiotic . 
  if you are in jail you can not re-offend , only if the state is dumb enough to let out a lifer . 
  i was basing the cost on the us system as it 's the only first world nation i can think of that is still uses it . 
  the cost comes from legal issues , which you can be damn sure will be prevelant in the eu . 
  well thats the point in combining them . 
  clearly you can not just stick two things together and hope it works , but with a little effort on everyones part the eu would easily be able to catch up with the us , not to mention the us would be able to cut back . 
  down with this sort of thing . 
  after being vegetarian for 15 years , i am comfortable in saying it 's much harder to fully appreciate good food without being vegatarian at least for a time . 
  there are so many good dishes catered toward vegetarianism and i know loads my friends simply have not tried because the default is to go for a non-vege meal . 
  there are zero benefits to the death penalty , with the possible excetion of freeing up prison space . 
  * the criminal gets off , life in a box is far worse than a quick death . 
  * oddly the death penalty costs the state more than life imprisonment . 
  * wrong person ? 
  too late . 
  * kill someone and you know you are going to be executed . 
  who comes in quietly after that ? 
  you will get more violent escapes . 
  well exactly , once they take over mali it 's only logical they will keep spreading . 
  i do n't understand who you think the usa is defending us against . 
  it 's not like russia of china are going to invade . 
  europe combined has a larger millitary than the us , a near equal navy ( less carriers nore frigates i think ) . 
  as well as a similar airforce , not to mention the uk and france both have nuclear weapons . 
  on top of this buisness entreprise has interlinked us all so much the idea of another world war is ridiculous . 
  maintaining a powerful millitary is still a sensible option for overseas power projection , china could potentially be a risk to places like japan and other neighbours . 
  all of those are fairly easy to achieve . 
  it may take some time but if we made english mandatory for eu service and set a standard to which troops should be trained ( high of course ) . 
  we could start up homogonisation projects for aircraft and ships , or even keep them as a different design per country for added security . 
  we already have the eurofighter , nothing to stop us starting projects for world leading submarines or ships . 
  it 's not people wanting to be vikings , it 's people wanting to get as far from france as possible . 
  so we find any possible connection to other places to avoid the idea that any french blood may flow through our veins . 
  ( i do n't actually dislike franch people ) the normans where fairily impressive though , they carved out territory in france , italy and other places in the mediteranean . 
  not that much of a stretch . 
  after the roman invasion britain was over run with , angles , saxons , jutes and vikings . 
  after that the normans who where originally vikings that carved out a place in northern france and became frankified . 
  oi , why does everyone else get their flag but not us ? 
  i am deeply offended . 
  how do you not notice after 6 hours of driving ? 
  interesting . 
  all the north + northern germany is protestant . 
  as well as the uk which is a mix of norse and northern german . 
  nope , morals are a development for a functioning society . 
  if people go around killing people the others ostracise them , if you go around stealing things you get thrown out of the group . 
  being thrown out of the group lowers your chance of survival and is not selected for . 
  morals also come from empathy , which is thought to evolve as a way of caring for other peoples young . 
  in a group it 's beneficial to care for others young while someone else goes and gets food . 
  look at penguins , they all gather together for warmth , yet they rotate so eveyone gets a go in the middle . 
  the big ones could force their way to the middle but they do n't . 
  it 's a survival technique , if you rotate the ones on the outside do n't die . 
  except morals are a code developed though evolution to allow organisms to work together in a society . 
  religion built around morals not the other way around . 
  somehow i do n't think they worship the giant invisible banana/fish in the sky though . 
  what do morals have to do with religion ? 
  are you one of those god is great , science is bad people ? 
  i was christened , i asked my parents why and they said it seemed like a sensible plan to get into a cofe infant school . 
  i only know one person who goes to church , though she may have stopped now . 
  prety much , ask us nicely and you are likely to get results . 
  demand or tell us something and frankly it 's game over there will be no positive response . 
  no shit . 
  not as much fun though . 
  terribly kind of them . 
  essentially creating a new country ? 
  that ... could be interesting . 
  i have no idea where you would put it though , it would need to straddle boarders , not to mention you may need to relocate people which would suck . 
  damn that would create a huge amount of work !, 
  all the rail , air ports , gov buildings , eu arctitecture would have to be invented . 
  thanks you have got me excited now . 
  i konw increaseing spending is a good way to stimulate the economy but buying a few jets probably is n't the way to go . 
  they are not the most liberal minded people . 
  going by the few serbs i know . 
  this is surprisng . 
  unless the other 49 % is a single language , which it obviously is n't , then clearly english is the eu language .
