  they partitioned poland along with germany starting wwii and occupied half of europe after the war . 
  they stood by and watched warsaw get razed and stalin instigated the holodomor . 
  who the hell would want statues of that ? 
   did not make the difference for the winning . 
  that is crap and you know it . 
  the germans where at the gates of moscow . 
  with none of the jeeps or tanks , planes or other supplies given by the us and uk moscow would have fallen . 
  with it , very likely the chances of russia bouncing back . 
  yes , you made up loads of stuff and claimed it as fact . 
  no-one supports genocidal dictators , no-one supports russia annexing crimea , no-one supports terror attacks on jews , and opposing bombing isis is n't evil . 
  bombing the middle east caused the fucking problem . 
  you do n't seriously think aid is just giving kim a pile of cash do you ? 
  what happens with all the others when you round up 23k of their community ? 
  my cupboard contains : 4 pint glasses from beer festivals , 1 spitfire glass from a christmas present , 1 pinched newcastle brown 1/3 pint glass , 2 pinched guinesses glasses . 
  this is why i oppose enlargement of the eu . 
  north korea is the worst country in the world . 
  if there is anyone you send aid to it 's the worst country in the world , i do n't get why people are complaining about this . 
  values no-one had until the newspaper told them they did . 
  for brexit anyway . 
  i prefer [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzriz47cpnw ) bn, 
  corbyn is pro-single market that is n't anti-eu , he is also pro-blocking immigrants who undercut local workers . 
  we have not yet seen the polls after the disastrous debate yesterday , coupled with the trends in the polls i do n't think it 's a guaranteed thing anymore . 
  it 's worse than that , scotland would n't even be in the eu and there are no guarantees of a quick entry . 
  you could look at it as a long term improvement i suppose , trade would increase with europe , but it will take a long time to match the uk . 
  after all , all uk products are already in english for example . 
  it would also be cut off from the eu which i 'm assuming makes up a sizable chunk of the last 37 % . 
  ah yes , moving to a country also not in the eu and potentially not in the uk either . 
  what could go wrong !, 
  quite possibly the dumbest thing i have read on / r/europe congratulations . 
  lived and worked there for a year , australia is just the uk but warmer . 
  same culture almost exactly . 
  few more bbq 's and everything seems slower but other than that it 's just like being here . 
  not true , it 's just the largest self-recorded . 
  british ancestry for many traces back further than they can know , many other switched to american , and then most multi-ethnic people choose the non english ancestry group to record as it 's more interesting . 
  english ( and therefore even larger is british ) is the biggest ancestry group in the uk even today . 
  german is 2nd , and i think irish third . 
  no , the guy who first brought up royalty mentioned it , i figured you where following up , i must have mis-interpreted . 
  they absolutely change , however invasion is forced change and was n't good for the population living there at the time . 
  the romans killed a lot of the population , the normans forced administration changes , etc. 
  trying to pretend they are in anyway similar is just putting immigrants in a very bad light . 
  that is what i meant . 
  yes , but that is a stand alone event , the troubles are over and the irish where part of the uk already not immigrants . 
  and i have no idea what blair has to do with this , no-one is blaming muslims for invading iraq . 
  islamic fundamentalism is as you mentioned the problem . 
  by definition it comes from people following islam . 
  that means to find them you are forced to focus on one group , muslims . 
  i 'm not saying punish everyone but it 's a waste of time to treat everyone equally when there is clearly a group worth inspecting . 
  it is unfair which is why very few people are pushing to deport people already here . 
  muslims and migrants are the ones getting the enmity because it 's people from those groups causing trouble . 
  it 's an undeniable fact . 
  we need to be careful not to intrude too much in the lives of the innocent , but we also can not ignore the blindingly obvious . 
  i 'm not going to claim they are 100 % british all the way down , that would be daft part of being royalty is creating ties with other countries . 
  claiming they are german because of a few ancestors down the line ( ignoring all the others ) , is ridiculous and typically done to poke fun ( which is fine ) . 
  are you going to pretend that these events would have occurred if islamic immigration where banned ? 
  are you also going to pretend immigration is a right ? 
  exactly , so comparing invasions 1000 years to the cultural changes caused by immigration now is a little silly do n't you think ? 
  exactly , so calling the royal family german is just daft . 
  he was n't an immigrant he was an invader , different things . 
  there is also more to a bloodline than surname , which is only passed down the male line . 
  i literally said that in another post a few mins ago . 
  i was merely commenting that immigration now is absolutely not the same as invasion over 1000 years ago . 
  in fact that sort of talk would spur anti-immigrants to panic !, 
  our royal family traces it 's routes to william the conqueror ( lizzy is the greatx22 ( ? ), 
  granddaughter of old willy ) . 
  so ... they are british . 
  the uk is already a heavily mixed culture . 
  indian immigrants for example have had a big impact . 
  same with caribbean immigrants . 
  we are already a big mix of english , welsh , scottish and irish . 
  there are however certain cultural influences worrying people . 
  it 's the fact they are bothering people which is the issue . 
  that was 1000 years ago you do n't think maybe it 's settled a bit since then ? 
  you say that but they do so ... 
  well ireland does n't really need it . 
  the uk strategically speaking would n't let anything happen to ireland . 
  socially speaking the uk tends to love ireland nowdays and would n't let anything happen , and historically speaking i think it 's safe to say we owe you ... a lot . 
  the irish military , unexpectedly fierce . 
  the hell are you talking about , who said we should n't be worried about anything else ? 
  no , the jews where a scapegoat for larger issues ... 
  lets see . 
  we are having issues . 
  rise of the right wing . 
  minority to blame . 
  it 's not much of a step to shouting at muslims in the street . 
  maybe defacing their places of worship and work . 
  see where this is going ? 
  how about we target the actual people responsible not everyone who looks like them and prays to the same god eh ? 
  '' ` i 'm certain that was the original intent of the phrase '' did you seriously just respond to that with ` do you really think the guy does n't want anti-terror activity ' ? 
  lol . 
  when ? 
  the tories have been in power for ages , and before that we had blair who no-one is going to call ` radical left ' . 
  who are these mysterious radical people with power over our borders ? 
  you do n't think that perhaps considering european history , it 's a good thing to be cautious about allowing mass verbal abuse of a minority ? 
  absolutely , and i 'm certain that was the original intent of the phrase . 
  i just think the words were poorly chosen !, 
  again , learning to live with it means you accept it as part of life , an inevitability . 
  which is bull shit . 
  you do n't have to let it change how you act , but that does n't mean accepting it , or living with it . 
  with driving we accept the risk due to the benefits , then minimise it with seatbelts , driving lessons , strict driving rules , strict protections in cars , etc. 
  no-one learns to live with homicide , we go out of our way to stop it .
