  or piscatarians , fruitarians , celiacs or anyone else who thinks gluten is evil . 
  i am at work at the moment , but i will definitly give that a watch later , cheers . 
  would that not have been counter productive ? 
  the british invasion of iceland was to stop the germans getting it , surely one of ireland would be the same . 
  staging guerrilla war would just make it harder to defend and more likely the germans could land . 
  i suppose at the time though the difference would mean little to many . 
  you can set anything on fire with the right attitude . 
  we invaded iceland , i would imagine an invasion of ireland would have been a similar affair . 
  at least i hope it would anglo-irish relations where somewhat different back then . 
  the weather has protected the entire british isles more completely than anything else the past few millenia . 
  wo n't change any time soon !, 
  damn invisible walls . 
  who the hell speaks scots as a primary language ? 
  it 's practically dead . 
  scots gaelic is still around in the highlands but even that is uncommon as a first language . 
  i am considering australia is we leave . 
  considering it if we stay though to be fair . 
  tied first i believe with 1-2 other countries . 
  true but that is like claiming the uk is a colony . 
  not to mention the slavs themselves moved around substantially . 
  prussia is n't a nation anymore , i feel we have to draw the line somewhere !, 
  i 'm with you on the profiterolles and if you love the mi-cuit de chocolat puddings like that are commonplace across the uk , and your iles flottantes looks like it would be a similar desert to eton mess . 
  everyone is adapted to their local tastes i suppose , so why is britain singled out ? 
  well russia is the only european country to colonise adjacent territory rather than overseas . 
  due to this it never collapsed . 
  most of russia is just a colony . 
  every pub , or standard restaurant serves british food figured that was obvious enough not to list seeing as we are in britain . 
  you could have told me this 6 months ago you bastard . 
  well do n't come here and ask to eat working class meals from tesco ? 
  the average person probably does n't produce food as good as many on the continent but there is so much access to decent quality take aways and even decent quality ready meals now-days if you look in the right places . 
  you can still find those sad little tv dinners in the frozen section but i do n't remember seeing anyone buy them . 
  most large supermarkets now do fresh made ready to eat meals , such as pizzas , pies , quiches , etc. 
  i live in reading at the moment which is not even a city , and i can get delivered high quality : indian , chinese , thai , nepalese , italian , lebanese , american , kebab , ice-cream , caribbean , ethiopian , japanese , argentinian , brazilian , burritos and probably some other i am forgetting . 
  those are just delivery if you are willing to go to the restaurants that are in the area that list increases . 
  our food scene is great i 've never understood the hate , even our local food is good the days of little chef and wimpy being the pinnacle of culinary delight is long gone . 
  then there is pub food , a decent pub in the country can offer pheasant , venison , boar , etc. 
  it 's fantastic !, 
  not cheap though . 
  i have travelled a lot and yet to find somewhere that does pudding better than the uk . 
  eton mess , scones with clotted cream and jam , jam rolly poly/ginger cake/spotted dick/treacle tart with custard , cr\u00e8me brulee , apple pie , fruit crumbles , cake , trifles , flans , pies , seriously pudding here rocks . 
  english food is fine , and in my opinion we do the best deserts in the world . 
  however the reputation for shitty food has been around a long time and is taking some time to shake off . 
  prime had black sails and vikings , those alone made it totally worth it for a few months at least . 
  meh , i prefer amazon prime , netflix has lots of stuff but whenever i search for something i actually want to watch it 's just never there . 
  at least on amazon i can just buy the thing if they do n't have it . 
  different strokes for different folks !, 
  i 'm sure lots of people love hugs . 
  i try not to , but the hippie ones insist on it . 
  so it 's an awkward hug with a pat on the back . 
  brits are notorious for disliking public affection . 
  i do n't want someone to hug me either , i barely hug my friends , let alone a stranger . 
  we should have invaded poland after they annexed part of czechoslovakia , it would have stopped a lot of heartache further down the road . 
  that is n't absolute freedom of speech though . 
  ireland is full of the irish . 
  hate to break it to you but they have an entire island up there called westman island . 
  it was where loads of escaped slaves from ireland/scotland/england / wales went . 
  well i live in the countryside so it 's not like there are many places to rent for cheap . 
  could you explain , i think i 'm missing something here . 
  err ... that seriously varies on who you talk to . 
  poles are thought of as hard working and friendly , but many groups dislike them due to the job competition . 
  poles undercut local jobs quite badly sometimes to the point locals can barely afford their house . 
  for example out house was built by poles . 
  really nice guys , and they did a superb job , but they had 6 of them voluntarily living in a caravan down the bottom of the garden to save money . 
  meaning they could under cut anyone local who obviously can not do the same thing . 
  so we loved them , local builders , not so much . 
  we are so screwed when the queen dies . 
  i like this plan . 
  i suppose we could learn welsh but it would make it harder to make fun of wales . 
  it 's on it 's way , but not everyone speaks it by a long shot . 
  well it is because it 's my native language , but you are right it 's not just ours any more . 
  that ship sailed a long time ago . 
  i know what it means , but the sentence is not well written and you have to infer the meaning based on the context . 
  not hard to do , but also not what ` native language ' means . 
  i understand , it 's just the title was n't well written . 
  i went to the cinema a few times in copenhagen , some had danish subtitles but others where just full on in english . 
  i 'm actually getting envious of other european country for this . 
  if english turns into a worlds language it means i do n't have my own one anymore !, 
  well people get their knickers in a twist about 2 % of the budget , so 2 % of the population is presumably also important . 
  ehh ... not really . 
  a persons native language is indeed their first language , however the title says native languages in sweden which is saying languages native to sweden , even if it 's not supposed to . 
  you should see the size of the vehicles in iceland . 
  the [ super jeep ] ( https://www.extremeiceland.is/images/superjeepdm/kaldidalur-13b.jpg ) is quite a beast . 
  i do n't get it . 
  yes exactly which is why i do n't get the complaints that russia should be recoloured . 
  they where christian but got conquered . 
  like i said it 's not a geographic continent the borders are not fixed by rigid rules it would n't make sense for bits of the balkans to be randomly excluded . 
  it 's also not me making up rules that is how europe is defined . 
  turkey certainly does have territory in europe who is denying that ? 
  so does khazakstan but we do n't consider that european . 
  it 's not me making shit up , turkey is not considered part of europe , it 's part of asia minor . 
  pretty much yeah , europe is a cultural continent not a geographic one . 
  the urals where chosen as a border due to geography , same with the black sea . 
  however the border near the caucuses gets messy so it 's usually split based on cultural ties . 
  religion being the obvious one . 
  turkey used to be owned by the roman empire it makes no sense to not be green . 
  it 's not considered europe though which is why it 's not purple . 
  russia on the other hand is europe , though i guess you could cut it off midway and change colour . 
  armenia and georgia are europe though as they are both orthodox . 
  thailand was not colonised simply due to france and britain making an agreement not too . 
  was anyone implying you should/could ?
