  i believe it came out to 90 % of countries have at some point been invaded , had troops pass through for some reason or been targeted by privateers . 
  clearly it 's just a bit of fun so it 's not strict with the definitions . 
  here : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/9653497/british-have-invaded-nine-out-of-ten-countries-so-look-out-luxembourg.html it has portugal and brazil tagged but i do n't know why . 
  as you mentioned portugal have been our longest running ally . 
  i would be surprised if there where no troops in french indo-china during during wwii , it was mostly the us theatre but we obviously have troops in burma it would not surprise me if some where stationed else where to . 
  it 's a little different though . 
  scotland was n't forced into a union , and it 's not being dragged down by the rest of the country . 
  beat france , that 's all that matters . 
  well at least you dub them , the uk/us just remakes them with english speakers . 
  i still preferred the original girl with the dragon tattoo, 
  nothing to be ashamed of now . 
  we invade everyone at some point . 
  apart from sweden . 
  we call that a federation . 
  or i suppose you could take the uk route and have independent parliaments per country , but one overarching one for state affairs . 
  that oil belongs to the uk not just scotland . 
  i have no idea how it would be split up but i highly doubt it will just be ` this stuff is in scottish waters therefore ours ' . 
  rugby football ? 
  ozzie rules football !, 
  my sweedish friend goes on about sweeball a lot are they the same thing ? 
  probably not the us does have chronic overspending . 
  however a united eu spending a fixed percentage , say the same as france and the uk , would still be able to create a force enough to rival the us . 
  even if it 's slightly smaller . 
  only in numbers , if every soldier was equal in strength and equiptment to say britain and france , each ship was a type-45 / 35 or charles de gaul carrier then yea . 
  for the most part europe is woefully under protected . 
  over confidence is a sure way to lose a fight . 
  i assume he meant in terms of quality and power . 
  currently the us leads on millitary tech for the most part . 
  europe has one or two world leading points but not many . 
  not nessecarily size . 
  white , yes male , yes rpg , only online . 
  larp , done it , it was great fun games , yes metal , yes it , sort of general geek , i prefer the term nerd . 
  shit i am a sterotype . 
  welsh . 
  everywhere in the uk has some jokes made about it . 
  it 's the biggest uniting force in the isles , everyones ` hates ' everyone else . 
  everyone further north is more drunk , crude and dirty . 
  everyone further south , is more stuck up , poncy and useless . 
  everyone further west is more inbred , crazed or god forbid welsh . 
  everyone further east are more ugly , dense and easy . 
  911 does n't work , but i am sure there are some people daft enough to do it . 
  it has been reported that some mobile phone handsets sold in the united kingdom and ireland may connect calls dialled as 911 to the gsm standard emergency number 112 . 
  it is also possible that 911 may be mapped inappropriately to emergency services in some voip equipment or private networks . 
  however , the digits 911 could form the start of a normal local number in ireland or the united kingdom , so the code is not supported by the public telephone networks . 
  this is simply a quirk of programming . 
  911 is not the official number and can not be relied upon in case of an emergency . 
  yet they are still policing better than the lapd . 
  4 mile trip cost me # 15 ... 
  did n't that lead to the great depression last time ? 
  it was a joke buddy , the us uni system is very good . 
  of course you have to get there first , which i hear is even more expensive than the uk . 
  well you sure showed me . 
  race wars eh ? 
  i guess it would make a good movie , but surely race wars are just not cricket . 
  whoops !, 
  fixed , thanks . 
  education is lacking as well as football . 
  personally i dislike both , i will stick to rugby and cricket . 
  well in all fairness the us has won the world series every single time !, 
  i do n't think you understand what a parasite is . 
  for the record merriam webster is an atrocious dictionary, 
  i really think you are overstating the direness of the situation . 
  they say a good general in times of peace , prepares for times of war . 
  i agree with that , which is why i am glad the uk has kept it 's power . 
  i would definatly like to see more eu backing . 
  the problem people have is no-one likes being told what to do . 
  even if it 's friendly advice , telling someone they are weak does not go down well . 
  should the us not have been around with libya we would have just bought armaments ourselves . 
  however the us likes spending money on war as it makes the arms manufactorers huge amounts of money . 
  it 's vested interest ( not for the general population sadly ) . 
  france has not begged for help , they do n't need it , it would be nice and would come in handy , but they would not have started it if they could not do it alone . 
  the uk is only offering about 100 people in non combat roles . 
  the one issue i can see coming up would be the balkans imploding again , i think it would be better to be overprepared rather than under . 
  sadly we are a long way off a unified millitary force , if it does happen it would be almost enitrely controlled by france and the uk simply due to experiance ( at least until everyone equals out ) . 
  i belive the point is there is very little need for heacy defence in the eu . 
  nations like russia are not going to start anything , the middle east does n't have the power to cause any issues , africa holds no nations that are a threat . 
  currently we need more money in secret services anti terrorism that sort of thing . 
  however if we need to use our power abroad , such as libya the rest of europe would need to chime in . 
  we have the tech , the training we just need quantity . 
  it can get cold here it 's not uncommon to cover your face up to keep warm . 
  personally i do n't like doing it because i have to wear glasses and they steam up . 
  old women frequently wear those . 
  could you wear the full face one in the cold ? 
  certianly interesting , though that does say crimes commited in the us by uk citizens , who have then left . 
  i do n't suppose if you know percentages ( though i do n't see why britons would be likely to commit 5 times more crimes per person than an american ) , or information regarding cases like the image ( ? ), 
  shack case . 
  that would explain why we constantly deny the us extradition rights . 
  apparently they have extradited more to us than the other way around . 
  i can honestly say i have never met anyone who speaks scots , or irish . 
  a few welsh people as i spend quite a bit of time there , but a first language ? 
  i have heard there are a few stubborn individuals around who speak just their celtic language , that must be incredibly difficult , not to mention strange . 
  it 's really obvious what the meaning is now someone has pointed it out . 
  can not belive it 's taken me this long to find out . 
  elongating the o against the u really does make mom sound utterly stupid . 
  philia by definition means love or attracted to . 
  i do n't consider it a negative thing . 
  phew , glad i am not the only one who thinks that particular saying is ridiculous . 
  that would be the contents of baldrics apple crumble . 
  ( our tv is gret damnit ! ), 
  the weather is great , so is the food .
