  if the channel could speak , it would speak french . 
  they where not stolen they where paid for . 
  currently they are free to view to anyone in the world and they have been safe for a long time . 
  if they go to greece there is a chance they will end up like all the other destroyed relics , and you will have to pay to see them . 
  it also opens a precedent , if we return everything from every museum to it 's respective country there will be nothing left . 
  finally . 
  right of conquest is legal , so if there where taken by force ( they were n't ) it 's still ` allowed ' . 
  but you might while walking in the woods , whereas at the moment you do n't . 
  you can not deny that by introducing wolves you add some risk . 
  it 's entirely irrelevant what other risks there are around . 
  apparently us keyboards are different , someone mentioned alt gr works for accents . 
  this laptop just says alt on it , seems to work though , thanks !, 
  you do n't often get hit by cars while walking in the woods . 
  even if the economy crashes entirely and we revert to scenes from ` the road ' someone somewhere will find a log and sell it to someone for something else , and bam we have growth . 
  now clearly that is an absurd example but the point is no matter how bad things get they will bounce back eventually . 
  recession cycles are normal , why would growth not come back ? 
  that is like saying the sun probably wo n't rise tomorrow so lets get used to it . 
  it was a joint effort , without britain russia would have had to fight the full force of germany . 
  without russia the d-day landings would have been impossible and the german army would have flattened us in the other theatres . 
  without the us we would not have had the equipment or resources to defend britain and the other theatres , australia would have been lost . 
  i also doubt d-day would have been able to go ahead without withdrawing all other troops from asia and africa . 
  you just hold ctrl + alt then the button to put an accent . 
  the same was true on aussie keyboards so i guess it probably is on yours . 
  i assume people do n't know about it . 
  did not know . 
  however in the uk you are almost exclusively asked for a cv . 
  cars are nessecary to travel and stimulate the economy . 
  wolves are not , they are mostly an aesthetic . 
  currently the uk has nothing dangerous , with the exception of people . 
  it 's safe to go wherever i want , whenever i want . 
  adding wolves would put certain areas ` out of bounds ' . 
  it 's a great power , currently only the usa is still a superpower . 
  russia lost that status and before that the uk . 
  we joined the war to free poland . 
  we did n't , by that standard you could say we lost wwii . 
  we beat the nazi 's but failed the objective . 
  we were there ally and rather than push to free them we signed a peace treaty that left them annihilated under the ussr . 
  i know why we did it , but there is no doubt it was a betrayal . 
  going on about not being obligated does n't excuse the fact we failed our allies and doomed them to decades of abuse . 
  smoking clearly comes from [ smoking jacket ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smoking_jacket ) . 
  one that annoys me : resume . 
  firstly , it 's a fucking cv , not a resume . 
  secondly , if you are going to use the wrong word at lest fucking spell it right . 
  it 's ` r\u00e9sum\u00e9 ' , otherwise you are just saying resume , as in ` go back to ' . 
  why the hell would i apply to work somewhere when they can not even spell !, 
  heh , well i am not sure arming scots is a great plan . 
  who knows where that would end . 
  the eurasian lynx ( lynx lynx ) is fairly common on the mainland , but the iberian lynx ( lynx pardinus ) is extremely rare , only one species of cat is rarer which is the amur leopard ( panthera pardus orientalis ) . 
  fortunately the spanish are working hard to save it and numbers are increasing , which is why it 's no longer the rarest . 
  the iberian lynx looks amazing , well worth saving . 
  i am not sure if the eurasian lynx can kill red deer , they are pretty large , but then it 's the largest lynx species so you never know [ seems wikipedia says they do ] . 
  another small issue is scotland is one of the last places to find the wildcat , they may fill the same niche which would be disastrous . 
  clearly you have never been to the uk . 
  probably very little , but you know eventually someone will be killed by one . 
  scotland does need an apex predator , at the moment people are having to cull the deer to stop them destroying all the trees . 
  it would be a lot cheaper to get wolves to do it . 
  there are quite a few people who want wolves re-introduced to britain . 
  oddly none of them want them reintroduced nearby , but instead up in scotland . 
  awfully kind of people to volunteer someone else 's children to be bait . 
  if the us did n't want to spend that much they would n't . 
  the us wants nato , it allows them to interfere and have influence in europe . 
  it also means they can keep their military spending high then ` blame ' it on europe to keep the tax payers happy . 
  it 's easier for the taxpayer to assume all the money they are throwing down the toilet is for a good reason ( defend our friends ! ), 
  rather than just to line the pockets of a few . 
  2 continents , you know the us would join in immediately this time , well they would give europe a tonne of equipment . 
  well if they where not in finland in the first place ... 
  ah , my mistake . 
  the referendums were a rejection of spain , not a rejection of independence . 
  at the end of the day if gibraltar wants independence spain could not stand in the way . 
  the un dictates everyone has the right to self determination . 
  it was offered independence ( like the falklands ) and vehemently rejected it . 
  fairly sure the aoeii hussars are based on the polish winged hussars . 
  hence the wings . 
  i will be king if there is a job opening . 
  i like ours . 
  mainly because the monarchy has to stay popular to survive , unlike politicians who can tank and them blame all the countries problems on the other guy to get back in again . 
  i like having titles to earn , i like having the ` prefix ' royal on everything , i like they have loads of land in private hands ( stops developers building on it , but the public still has access ) . 
  i like the way it 's a common link to many other countries and i like that my passport says the queen demands you get the hell out of my way and help me when i need it . 
  the biggest problem i find people has is the ' i ca n't be king so it 's not fair ' . 
  basically they do n't like that someone is born into a better off family . 
  sadly it is a fact of life that people are born into riches , more influential families and removing the monarchy is n't going to fix that . 
  i find it a little amusing a scot of all people is saying the elected pm speaks for him . 
  yeah , but others had other titles . 
  such as aethelred the unready , edgar the peaceful and edmund ironside . 
  i am talking about the true meaning of the word . 
  as in , to inspire awe . 
  the incredible construction of a crumpet , lightly toasted , with a lick of butter . 
  the surprising colour differences , and the soft spongy deliciousness . 
  frankly i think they are made by some wondrous god . 
  the country is n't made up entirely of immigrants , people breed and in a country with lots of resources they do it quickly . 
  my point is calling yourself english-american is highly unpopular , if you look at the census data it dropped massively in 1990 50,000,000 people declared complete or partial ancestry , in 2010 only 26,000,000 . 
  these people did n't disappear , but tracing english ancestry is harder . 
  as you pointed out people change their names to english names . 
  also if you look at [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_immigration_statistics ) you will notice british immigrants make up the largest numbers each decade over the past 200 years and long before that . 
  the only exception being mexico in the past few decades . 
  these people do n't just vanish . 
  you will never get exact numbers , and many people of course have mixed ancestry . 
  i think the original point was it 's strange how english-american is n't a ` thing ' and all the evidence points towards english-american being the largest ethnic group by a large margin . 
  i believe that is correct , hot water and a spot of milk !, 
  ( sometimes marmalade too ) asterix uses the tea leaves and pretends it 's magic potion ( the real one got destroyed ) , which works as a placebo and becomes the national drink .
