  it 's not as though everything is roses in the other states and just the uk complaining . 
  you should n't , i guess if the eu was better at it 's job this sort of thing would n't have happened . 
  if possible i 'm not having my country screwed for a generation because europeans are uppity about some uncertainty for a few months . 
  you are damn right it is , they clearly did n't think it would happen so have made no plans . 
  alternatively they are trying to ruin one another 's careers for their own gain and again , did n't make a plan . 
  you should spend more time on reddit , it 's been very common to blame the uk for the eu not federalising , or blaming the uk for a lot of ills with the eu . 
  hell i have friends on the continent who want to see the uk go due to ` not playing ball ' . 
  the eu should care because the outcome of this defines the outcome of the eu . 
  anti-eu sentiment is very high across europe . 
  if this is handled badly the eu could be absolutely fucked . 
  punishing the eu could make it look vindictive rather than strong , thus raising skepticism . 
  not punishing could make the eu look weak , same issue . 
  tricky situation for everyone here . 
  then in the uk almost all the mp 's know just how royally screwed both us and maybe europe would be if we actually left , so now need to make the decision to either jump ship or piss off half the country by saying no . 
  if they say yes without a plan they are screwed . 
  whoever says yes probably presses the button that tears the uk apart , dissolving a union that has lasted 300 years and altered the face of the globe in ways no other nation in history has . 
  that is one hell of a legacy no-one wants . 
  that is the sort of thing that puts your name in the history books . 
  you are kidding ? 
  the vitriol for the ` special opt-outs ' and ` slowing down the union ' has been palpable for a year . 
  you can if the wife has no legal grounds to serve them . 
  not saying it 's a good idea , but it is possible . 
  better for our credit than leaving though . 
  ` hey look the europeans are burning their homes because we have not left yet . 
  we have been trying to do that for years and this is all it took ! ', 
  no they did n't the government by a large majority want to stay in . 
  the uninformed public by a narrow margin voted out . 
  this is absolutely not a simple procedure . 
  even if it was , it still takes time to pass through the house of commons not sure about the lords , and a plan needs to be in place before we start the count down . 
  oh please anti-eu sentiment is sky high in half the continent . 
  do n't try and fob off the eu 's short comings on us , just because we actually had a vote on it . 
  if every country had a referendum right now , what would happen ? 
  how about you follow your own advice and stop trying to screw the british people due to politicians ? 
  evoking article 50 without a proper plan in place is ridiculous , on top of that it has to pass through the house of commons , pretty sure the pm does n't have the power to just end the eu on a whim . 
  yeah but what 's worse ? 
  yeah but they should n't have been voting and where subjected to huge amounts of lies and propaganda to get the current result . 
  the uk media has been disgusting for the campaign but we ca n't pretend merkel did n't fuck up with the refugee crisis . 
  the uk has also not been alone with it 's demands for change , it just has the most weight behind it 's words . 
  i put the blame on many people , most of the british but there are genuine problems with the eu that should have been addressed and where not . 
  anti-eu sentiment is high across the continent not just in the uk . 
  that does honestly sound very british , however in this case i think it 's just political manoeuvring gone wrong and the fallout is huge . 
  i do n't know about huge part , but merkel absolutely had a hand in this . 
  many people are voting based entirely on what they have heard about the eu in the past year . 
  what they have heard is failure after failure to do with the refugee crisis . 
  fine , i 'm lazy . 
  i ca n't be bothered to trawl the internet looking for something you want to know . 
  that was the first thing that came up when i googled ` eu sentiment by country ' . 
  [ nice image here ] ( https://62e528761d0685343e1c-f3d1b99a743ffa4142d9d7f1978d9686.ssl.cf2.rackcdn.com/files/49143/area14mp/8wm9ntfy-1400673001.jpg ) . 
  based on [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb80/eb80_first_en.pdf ) granted it is a few years out of date , but there is bound to be an updated one somewhere . 
  you are totally making up ` facts ' . 
  other countries are closing in on 50 % leave ( some are over ) , you can not possibly think all those 50 % of the population will be fine with being treated badly if they where in the same situation . 
  it would reinforce the ideas the eu can not be trusted , which is already an issue due to the handling of greece and the syrian/north african refugees . 
  sure some pro-eu guys might love it , but unless you are changing the minds of the anti-eu crowd it is meaningless . 
  the uk is n't the issue with the eu and pretending it is , is just daft . 
  there is anti-eu sentiment in most/all eu countries , some even stronger than the uk . 
  we are just the ones who had a referendum . 
  you treat the uk badly that anti-eu sentiment will rocket up and cause big issues continent wide . 
  thus fostering resentment to the point the eu collapses . 
  genius !, 
  but we took back control !, 
  i 'm a mum who looked past project fear . 
  did n't they nearly vote to block shengen which would have obliterated their economy over night ? 
  half of us wanted in . 
  half wanted out . 
  this is after a year of the media telling everyone the eu is evil , the refugee crisis on every news paper and still half the country is pro-europe . 
  the uk is one of the highest educated nations around , lets not pretend this shit would n't have also happened in many other countries . 
  just like the scottish referendum though the uk actually went through with the democratic process , you ca n't call the uk stupid when other nations are only not doing it for fear of a pass . 
  i wish i knew . 
  i voted remain and almost all the people i know did as well . 
  it just screams insanity to me . 
  i live in a county which voted remain !, 
  i think you miss-interpreted . 
  the treatment of greece by the eu has been appalling . 
  you guys have thousands of islands to patrol and little help was offered . 
  not to mention austerity , since when has cutting spending led to increased productivity ? 
  i 've actually got a fair few friends in greece and holiday there often . 
  i do n't think we will ever know , but there been many reports of remain leaves staying home ` assuming ' it would happen . 
  could of course be total nonsense, 
  not true , our services are still there just now more expensive putting more pressure on the eu . 
  there will probably be a movement of some of them to the eu but not everything , meaning the void will never be completely filled . 
  the uk was n't contrarian to everyone , not by a long shot . 
  you just do n't hear about others complaints because they are too small . 
  hence ` counter weight ' . 
  without it countries with similar issues to the uk will have a lot more trouble getting what they want . 
  the uk just took the heat because it was biggest , the issues are still there . 
  ah i did n't know about that , thanks . 
  alas it 's not just the uk that caused this shit show . 
  shitty handling of the refugee crisis and greece played a substantial role in the outcome . 
  the lying and manipulation by papers and politicians was crazy . 
  and just people have said , now everyone can just blame joe public for the decision instead of the fuck-tards that caused the problems . 
  perfect !, 
  alternatively it fractures and the eu also suffers greatly . 
  everything is up in the air at the moment and no-one knows how the pieces will land . 
  i 'm starting to feel we do n't deserve it . 
  what happens to the uk is irrelevant , the eu has still lost it 's 2nd biggest economy and largest counter weight to france/germany . 
  fuck you i voted remain . 
  along with half of england . 
  i lived there for a year , would love to move back . 
  not entirely sure how to do it though . 
  it was warm , the people where nice , the money was very nice , and i could buy golden gay times .
