  i guess the culture is what people are classifying themselves as . 
  * angry fist shake from across the channel *, 
  i see what you mean , i am in quite the same boat , neither parent is religious at all . 
  however , who raises their children explicitly saying ` there is no god young man , remember that !, 
  a valid point , however if 16-17 year olds are allowed to vote , why not 14-15 ? 
  it 's based on an arbitrary age which ever individual differs in . 
  after 18 there are still many people incapable of reaching informed decisions based on their brain development , however at 16-17 it 's substantially higher . 
  that was my point . 
  your bits do n't define your gender . 
  which is why just male/female/other does n't cover everything . 
  so it ca n't be your nationality ... 
  why ? 
  you listed of 2 things they are allowed to do , but not the many they are not . 
  why does voting slide to the lowest age ? 
  to make an informed decision you need a stable mind , growing up you have huge chemical fluxuations , which while you might be able to mate , and function in a house , does not necessitate the ability to vote accurately . 
  i know in the last few years my political leanings have massively changed , i would have considered myself very conservative in my teens , but now left leaning . 
  you have a physical gender and metal gender . 
  you are thinking about sex not gender . 
  transsexuals come about when your mental gender differs from your physical . 
  imagine waking up one morning and suddenly you are in a female body . 
  you are not going to start thinking differently , you have two genders . 
  there are also ` other ' in general which comes about with hermaphrodites and other things . 
  you do n't have to choose , but if someone tells you there is a dragon in the garden you automatically agree or not . 
  even if you do n't care , or choose not to talk about it , part of you thinks it 's either true or not . 
  there are more than 2 genders . 
  humans also have clear morphological differences , which if it where not for moral issues would be clear sub species . 
  i do support the mentality though . 
  england does n't have a passport last time i looked . 
  which makes you atheist ... a = not , theist = religious if you do n't know religion exists you do n't believe in it , so you are atheist . 
  atheism is not defined , it 's the exact opposite . 
  almost no-one can prove they are celtic . 
  besides most of the population is native , the germanic blood , viking blood , roman blood and french blood is all minor by comparison . 
  hah , the scots and welsh are now , no longer british ? 
  not giving a shit does n't answer the question though . 
  even if you do n't care about it , you still either do or do not believe in it . 
  i do n't give a crap about a lot of things , but that does n't mean i do n't think they exist . 
  female parts , but identify as male ? 
  there are quite a few combos . 
  the uk/france recently started running co-op military campaigns , if the uk gets weaker so does france . 
  the uk and france are the only real military powers in europe and we work together as one , sharing ships , tech , etc. 
  scotland breaks off , the uk military budget shrinks , france has to pick up the slack and you personally have to pay more toward it ( assuming you are a tax payer ) . 
  atheism is just a lack of belief so it 's perfectly accurate . 
  it 's not so much being exempt but very few 16 year olds earn enough to get taxed . 
  you can not join the army at 16 . 
  you can be trained but not put anywhere near the frontline . 
  12 year olds have kids , they should not be allowed to vote . 
  lottery tickets have nothing to do with anything . 
  being married is only allowed if you ask permission . 
  the only one with any weight there is living alone , and even then do n't you need certain circumstances for it to be allowed ? 
  how many 16 year olds get taxed ? 
  i never did at that age . 
  why should independence grant scotland almost all of the uk 's oil reserves ? 
  you can not just hop on board for the golden years , then run away with all the money when the going gets tough . 
  besides the majority of the wells are around the shetlands/orkneys , which so far has not appeared over eager at independence at all . 
  it 's not their own natural resources . 
  they are the resources of the uk . 
  all of those wells where discovered after 1707 so they are not the property of just scotland . 
  they where secured by the uk , the british people open them , harvest them and benefit from them . 
  i do n't get it . 
  you got downvoted for pointing out the obvious ? 
  reddit is strange at times . 
  of course people get angry when all they hear is negatives . 
  people are moulded by their environment and if someone is constantly telling you certain people are bad , you are going to believe it !, 
  that is the reason for all the religious wars for the past few millennium . 
  [ cockney slang  ( http://www.cockneyrhymingslang.co.uk/subjects/money ) # 20 is a score , # 25 is a pony , # 100 is a ton , # 500 is a monkey , and # 1000 is a grand . 
  few others some not widely used : # 0.50 - cows calf # 1 - knicker # 5 - lady / fiver # 10 - tenner / pavarotti / big ben # 15 - commodore # 50 - bullseye / nifty, 
  rammstein are amazing live . 
  well do n't i feel silly . 
  i thought with an ` e ' was scottish ? 
  danish butter is the best i have had . 
  there was me thinking ` oh that 's pretty good , only 5 hours work ' . 
  nope !, 
  5 days . 
  i meant the cartoons . 
  is the non animated film any good ? 
  then i tip my hat to you sir . 
  movies ? 
  they where awful , the american ones in particular . 
  all the funny names where removed , ( and personally i found the accents grating and out of place , but that 's less important ) . 
  for example , gettafix was renamed druidix and unhygenix was renamed fishstix ( the fuck ? ) . 
  i highly , recommend the comics , even as an adult i find them brilliant . 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  well countries tend to get larger over time , similar communities group together to form larger communities to compete with other large communities . 
  for example england and scotland used to be split into hundreds of little tribes , which in turn became fiefdoms and small kingdoms . 
  which eventually formed into 2 countries , and finally one . 
  now the uk is part of the eu which is helping to compete with large nations like india ( another once scattered peoples ) , china , usa and soon brazil . 
  i would not be even the slightest bit surprised to see europe eventually become a single country . 
  it 's nice to see languages stick around , such as welsh but they are only holding on due to people not leaving wales . 
  as people spread around the globe they need a lingua franca , which is clearly english at this stage ( sorry france ! ), 
  how is latvia not baltic ? 
  my surname is hartfree , no idea where the free part comes from but hart is an old term for a deer . 
  seeing as it was made up only 400 years ago it only exists in britain ( or those that moved away ) . 
  anyone with the surname is related to me , it 's definitely made it to the us , no idea about other places . 
  my name is earl !, 
  ( i know the name is not from there but i have yet to find a better example of someone with the name ), 
  i do n't where inglin comes from . 
  now i want a few slices of toasted banana bread lathered in lurpak . 
  the only swedes i know have dark brown hair . 
  all the danes i have ever met however have had blonde . 
  damn , europe just grew !,
