  it 's usually painted as a magnificent ` victory ' for britain on the backs of a tragic and noble sacrifice by france . 
  in romania perhaps , and certainly in many other counties but half of africa speaks english due to the uk , so does north america , australasia and india . 
  the sheer number of people combined with london being the biggest trade city in the globe ( was ) meant much business was conducted in english . 
  once the us started becoming a larger trade block the dominance was pretty much secured as english was already the most widely spoken language . 
  the us certainly played a big role in the lingua franca but the biggest ? 
  highly debateable . 
  english was spread globally pre wwii by the empire , london was already one of the most dominant trade points and the british hegemon pushed the lingua france into being . 
  the us certainly solidified it with the next pax . 
  english ... 
  the amount of english actors , musician , etc. 
  is enormous . 
  more importantly though britain spread english to the entire commonwealth . 
  err , hate to tell you this ... 
  well you never know , drugs companies are not going to make any money if it is too expensive for people to buy . 
  as lupine mentioned those are not working holiday visas . 
  for example i worked and travleled around aus for a year and all it took was a 20min process applying for the visa . 
  the us does n't offer one for some reason which is sad , also means you guys do n't get them in return . 
  probably not , life here is just as good if nto better with the added comfort of increased safety . 
  i would consider it if work came along that i deemed nessecary or particulary important . 
  that said i would love to live out there for a year or so traveling . 
  sadly the us does not offer working/travel visas like most other countries . 
  australia and canada on the other hand , i would move there in a heartbeat . 
  well you never know , anti-ageing predictions claim ` immortality ' within 30/40 years . 
  then finally the united states of asia , the united states of africa , the united states of australasia and the united states of south america . 
  a glorious union of unions . 
  the usa , use , usa , usa and ussa . 
  the uk could make them if we wanted . 
  it 's cheaper to buy them though . 
  just like it 's cheaper to buy a car than make one . 
  trying to claim nukes are the reason funding is low for schools , nhs and public services is just daft . 
  the amount of other things we spend money on , you ca n't just pick something you do n't personally like and claim that is to blame . 
  insignificant ? 
  the earth is the only known source of intelligent life . 
  ergo it is the most important , most significant ` little dot ' in the known universe . 
  if you have a desert with a mouse in , what is more significant , the mouse of the sand ? 
  clearly the mouse is , the sand is just background . 
  i have to take the car into the garage for maintinence , does n't make it any less my car . 
  then one guy gets sick . 
  i was under the impression wind power edged out nuclear , but it produces very little . 
  you do know the uk developed nuclear weapons independantly becuase the us refused to share the technology ? 
  wrath was good in hindsight . 
  at the time people where non stop complaining about how shit it was . 
  the naxx rehash was great for a bit , but stayed out waaaaay too long . 
  ulduar was perfect , one of the best raids ever made . 
  trial of the champion was good , but not nearly enough for an entire raid tier . 
  icecrown citadel was brilliant too in my opinion . 
  overall it was good , but too spread out with not enough raids being released . 
  best times in wow where probably wiping in bwl too , i remember someone drawing up the ` kiting tactics ' for razoregore . 
  he had just taken a crayon and scribbled all over a map of the first room . 
  so it 's a mobile game ? 
  you either put in thousands of hours for meagre rewards , or pay to skip it all and get big rewards right away ? 
  i think my brothers and i are the only ones who thought iv was the best version . 
  iii had the upgradeable troops and was the first one i played so it will always have a place , but 4 had the perfect balance of graphics and gameplay . 
  i loved being able to actually fight with your leader , recruiting armies all the time not just once a week and sending armies to reinforce without a leader . 
  i loved the camera angle and the art was superb . 
  i just wish you could upgrade troops . 
  got the new version ? 
  slightly upgraded graphics other than that i think it 's the same . 
  i never did finish the missions , got to one where the chinese kept sending wave after wave of generals at me and i never completed it . 
  we beat the vikings . 
  fuck you hardrade !, 
  yeah , why do you think we would n't maintain air superiority ? 
  the libyan crisis used up some of a specific type of missile . 
  they did n't even run out they just ` started to ' . 
  easier and cheaper to encourage the us to use theirs . 
  on top of that assuming those in charge are not entirely mental you would assume they either have reserves for defensive purposes , have built up more since and have learnt from the last conflict . 
  wasting all missiles on someone else 's war is just daft . 
  the aeroplanes still work and still have armaments for other functions . 
  you can shoot russians with a tank , hard to shoot libya from italy with them . 
  running out of missiles is hardly the same as not having ground troops . 
  weird i want to move to aus to make more money . 
  south africa is ... special . 
  i never filled out a decleration form to get into aus . 
  no , we are free to work in europe we just need a passport to get through customs the first time . 
  depends on the person but everyone in aus calling me a whinging pom was doing it in a nice way . 
  as a brit i love this idea . 
  mostly becuase i have lived in aus and would love to try canada and nz . 
  the cultural similarities are incredible for obvious reasons , making it no trouble to fit in . 
  russia is n't a superpower , their economy is smaller than the uk 's . 
  so belgium ? 
  i feel bad for laughing at that . 
  oddly 9/11 is the only one i can remember where i was . 
  not even the london bombings . 
  i was sitting on battlefield vietnam and heard it on the news , told everyone online and no-one elieved me at first . 
  well that shut me up . 
  though considering the peak in 2011 it 's not much to go on . 
  still ludicrously high compared to even 2000 . 
  yet the us spending does n't drop . 
  i would imagine fairly small deer , seeing as they are the go-to boom bust cycle example with the snowshoe rabbit . 
  how many people have lynx ever killed ? 
  they also would n't be a danger at all if we did n't keep expanding our territory into theirs . 
  nature is important , not just to look at but to maintain the environment . 
  in scotland for example there are no wolves , this means the red deer have boomed in population as they have no predators . 
  they then destroy the trees by eating away at the young ones . 
  we now have to periodically cull the deer to stop the forests being destroyed . 
  lynx are quite large but very timid , there was a case of someone in the uk being attacked by a wild one . 
  this was because the person backed it into a corner , still the cat only scratched them and ran away . 
  as long as you do n't let your toddler walk around the woods by itself the odds of an attack are very , very small . 
  their normal prey is rabbits , attacking something substantially larger would be very unusual behaviour . 
  neither will vegetarians or vegans !,
