  saying ` all say ' was hyperbole , it 's just a style of writing used frequently in the uk and is not supposed to be taken literally , i apologise if that is what caused the confusion . 
  i was merely trying to say scotland will lose a lot of influence , in the eu , nato , un and generally across the globe . 
  population density is number of people per square kilometre . 
  independence would not mean scotland shrinks or grows , nor would it mean more or less people in scotland , it would not change . 
  you also make it sound like england has no natural resources which is false , and this is a fairly unique situation . 
  the oil and gasses found in the north sea are currently owned by the united kingdom . 
  one small segment breaking off and taking an entire countries oil supply is hardly going to go down well . 
  there will be heavy debate over what happens to it . 
  lets say we where neighbours and we decided to join up . 
  the separating walls knocked down and we became one big happy house . 
  then we found a gold vein running across both gardens , the biggest portion of which was on yours . 
  you both work together to start extracting , selling and make a fortune . 
  you then decide to leave , claim back your old house and the bulk of the gold , leaving the other side high and dry after they helped extract it in the first place . 
  it wo n't go down well , in the same way in a marriage you share things , a union does the same thing . 
  i am not saying it 's a direct comparison but there is nothing to suggest a clear cut , ' i take all this ' scenario . 
  breaking up a union of this calibre will take a long time and a huge amount of recourses , there will be arguments and debates for years over who gets what . 
  what if the vote brings up several constituents along the boarder who want to remain in the uk ? 
  are they forced to join scotland against their will ? 
  what if the shetlands or orkneys want to remain in the uk ? 
  splitting up huge amounts of wealth and recourses is not as easy as you would like it to be . 
  we already have a referendum coming , the question should they be allowed it is entirely redundant and a waste of bits . 
  a proper debate on the pro 's and con 's though , now that is interesting . 
  their population density would not change , they would lose all say on an international level due to the low population . 
  the resources are the property of the uk not scotland so it remains to be seen how they get split up . 
  scotland already has an independent parliament , they might be able to get taxes down a little though . 
  it remains to be seen what will happen economically , weather people will flood to scotland for business or just go south to england . 
  personally i think we are batter off united , i would like to see more effort on a national scale to build up the north though , as well as get a more representative governing system . 
  ( no-one at all voted for the current governing system ), 
  i actually very much like the idea of a federation , not sure how you would split the country up though . 
  england/scotland/wales / ni would be pointless , all those countries apart from england already have parliaments . 
  england would need to be broken due to the huge population . 
  the house of lords is not the cause of the problems , in fact they have been fairly useful , we need a new voting system that actually represents people and like everyone else , some politicians that give a damn . 
  can people please stop answer the question : should scotland be allowed independence ? 
  we all know the answer is yes , this is europe we respect peoples right to self determination . 
  answer instead what you think will happen ; if it will be beneficial and why . 
  answer if you think a unified or broken uk would be in a better place globally , and if it would benefit europe in the whole . 
  i think a lot of people are going to answer the question : should scotland get the right to secede ? 
  now the answer is obviously yes , and we all know that . 
  there is no point at all having a debate unless the question is : would scottish independence be beneficial to scotland ? 
  even if it is should it they vote for it ? 
  i got dinged at many times in stockholm for standing in the bike lanes . 
  that sourcing is terrible . 
  almost all of them are ` self reported ' the uk appears about 8 times , the netherlands twice . 
  most of the globes countries are not present at all . 
  i think it 's somewhat redundant to claim any titles based on such shoddy statistics . 
  i do wonder if african nations . 
  if they had equal healthcare and lifestyle , would be the tallest . 
  it makes biological sense as height increases as you get warmer . 
  not to mention the zulus are huge even with poor nutrition . 
  well if you are upside down or inside the pyre . 
  pfft , wwi and the french would beg to differ !, 
  huh . 
  uk changes place quite drastically under that list . 
  france and portugal lost because they had been decimated by war , why would they have lost otherwise ? 
  the invention of the video camera might have herald the collapse of empires a while later but we can not be sure . 
  as for social benefits : the nhs , european union , nuclear power , huge tech advances such as microwaves , jet powered flight , computing and other vehicles . 
  all of which have moulded our modern society into a far better place . 
  however the number one benefit wwii brought around in my opinion was peace . 
  i disagree with the empires ending . 
  they only collapsed due to the war , which moved all the focus back to europe , bankrupt the empires and brought about a period of more liberal thinking . 
  the ussr would n't have formed or collapsed without wwii , which would n't have created our modern boarders without some form of warfare . 
  more importantly though was the sentence on tech advantages and the social benefits . 
  well think about it . 
  ww2 ended the european empires for good , and after the ussr crumbled we ended up with substantially more european countries than before . 
  on top of that it ended warfare across europe . 
  we united for the first time in history , we have an all time low for violence and crime . 
  wwii gave us massive tech advances , such as aircraft which has huge ramification on todays society . 
  the nhs was founded after wwii , as a result of people pulling together to help one another ( no idea about the rest of europe in regards to healthcare ) . 
  those few points alone make a compelling case that wwii was beneficial to europe . 
  but ... iq only goes up to 200 ... 
  yeah , but it looks pretty . 
  interesting to know it 's faster to walk to dublin than london if you are in wales . 
  no , ireland is the name of both the island and the country . 
  in the uk to reduce confusion it is often called ` the republic of ireland ' , however the official name is simply ireland . 
  just because some idiot wrote it ( again without the accent ) on a government page does n't make it correct . 
  also ` micro state ' ? 
  andorra is a micro state , ireland is larger than quite a few countries . 
  it 's ireland not eire . 
  \u00c9ire is the word in the irish language ( note the accent , eire means nothing ) . 
  it makes no sense at all to randomly switch to another language halfway through a sentence . 
  or do you call germany deutschland and spain espa\u00f1a even when writing in english ? 
  err , there are far more things you can do than war . 
  well getting attacked does n't mean we have to give up and let them be stamped on . 
  we do n't have to . 
  food regulations and quality assurances still apply . 
  in europe british english is taught at schools not american english . 
  there is of course influence through media . 
  oh right , though to be honest to me ` monstrous ' means large . 
  well if it 's called a gunship then i am going to have to agree with you . 
  my brief glance at the article made it come across as a cargo plane . 
  yeah , great plan . 
  lets make the cargo plane heavier so it can carry less , or fly shorter distances . 
  native language with english subtitles usually . 
  for example let the right one in , headhunter and girl with the dragon tattoo . 
  heh , you are probably right . 
  is n't the age you are an adult in scotland 18 like the rest of the country ? 
  which is what is causing the argument in the first place . 
  giving non adults the adult vote in an attempt to skew the vote , at least that is how it 's being seen . 
  very true , also our language is germanic but in reality our blood is not . 
  not in england , ireland , scotland or wales .
