  i nominate ours for the most boring . 
  i am pro monarchy but i really wish we would change it . 
  french food is usually massively lacking in vegetables in my ( albeit limited ) experience . 
  like hell , those sauerkraut eating fellows could n't prepare a salad . 
  the wonderful isles however have the sunday roast , the cream tea , fish and chips , anglo-indian cuisine and the best puddings in the world : sticky toffee pudding , spotted dick , eton mess , the knickerbocker glory , jam roly poly , the apple pie , rhubarb pie , cr\u00e8me broulee , trifle and any dairy product from jersey . 
  did you just compare sunday roast to rotting fish ? 
  apple juice you get drunk on sounds a little dangerous ( and awesome ) . 
  how do you know they had no backup plan ? 
  this is the attitude that has caused the deaths in the first place . 
  people think they are fine to use as they do n't do as much damage as a gun . 
  you pump electricity through people and someone will have a heart attack , it 's not common but it does happen . 
  probably but it 's not worth the increase in incidents/casualties from arming officers with tasers . 
  it 's worked so far , why would it suddenly stop working ? 
  when the call comes that there is a dangerous individual you send in the appropriate response . 
  i do n't want patrol officers wandering around armed , even if it is only a taser . 
  it 's quite clear from the many videos coming out of the us that tasers are not just used on dangerous people . 
  yes , although that requires a taser . 
  personally i do n't really want police wandering around with one of those as normal . 
  well when denmark invades sweden and a swede paints a yellow cross in the mermaid we will be on his side then . 
  pepper spray tends to just enrage people , tasers risk killing him . 
  the religion is n't an issue , what is different in the us is the mentality toward things like socialism , guns ( dead horse i know ) , work , food , etc. 
  a lot of these things are at a state level though so i do n't know what the average joe thinks . 
  in this theoretical world where the us decides it wants in , i think a state-at-a-time approach would work wonders . 
  a lot of states would already fit in perfectly , others less so . 
  why does geography matter though ? 
  they are still european , 80 % of the canadian population is european ancestry . 
  you can but i prefer to get it pre cut . 
  most big supermarkets will even cut the uncut ones for you . 
  so you can still get good quality bread that is pre-sliced . 
  what is the point in the eu in general ? 
  free movement of people , and goods . 
  the us is a slight oddity , it 's combination of cultures and history means it is a little different , but yes it is still european in culture . 
  though i think the culture is currently too incompatible with the eu . 
  germany is actually the worlds number 1 soft power , uk is second . 
  bloody germany over took us a few months ago ... 
  of course they are , about 80 % of the population are of european decent did you miss the colonial era ? 
  i think you are taking a quip far too seriously . 
  so , you going to join in too ? 
  all that anglo-power to boss around germany and france !, 
  serious as in some mp 's have said they want canada to join , not serious as in canada is mulling it over . 
  they are almost entirely europeans who got on a boat . 
  i honestly do n't think geography should have anything to do with the eu . 
  the whole point was to get over our pointless arguments , yet here we are trying to exclude people for being too far away . 
  the eu should be a political construct based on common law and culture , not where mountain ranges run or if your country has some water between us . 
  yup , my parents love their bread maker . 
  it 's incredibly annoying because now when i visit i have to cut my own bread and being the pampered bastard i am , i usually fail . 
  if he was still armed then you are right they would likely have shot him again . 
  most people drop whatever they are holding though when shot . 
  i agree , if there is absolutely no way of coming back and your life will be nothing but misery then go ahead . 
  there are many suicide victims who could have been fine though , others that changed their mind at the last second and lived happy lives , and plenty of people who have survived jumps and realised as soon as they lept that all their problems where meaningless . 
  if we where to implement assisted suicide ( we should ) it would need to be highly regulated , just wanting to not be alive is n't good enough . 
  why do you have to believe that ? 
  you can not prosecute someone if they are dead , they get martyred and the officer faces potential charges , why on earth would they want to kill him ? 
  the only time you shoot to kill is when there is a direct threat to people around the suspect , for example the man who was killed on the tube in 2007 . 
  the officers where told he had explosives on him so put 7 bullets in his dead to make sure he did n't detinate . 
  10,000 uses , holy crap . 
  that seems incredibly excessive . 
  bowling for colmbine was a very interesting film . 
  nothing happens in those countries , well south africa it does but it 's not exactly a fully first world nation . 
  it 's all in chinese though . 
  that is a good thing , all we hear on the news is negatives most of the time . 
  a few good posts on the nhs/policeforce , etc can genuinely cheer people up . 
  damnit , switzerland , 0.4 !, 
  all vegetarian food is halal so that is already covered . 
  forcing someone into a cell is fine , but forcing a chip into someone is suddenly too far ? 
  easy tracking means certain people would be able to stay free rather than sit behind bars . 
  i do n't see it ever being mandatory though , you can refuse to wear the bracelets but you will sit in prison instead . 
  president of the us probably . 
  ikea food is seriously depressing . 
  actually it reminded me of hospital !, 
  nhs food was so bad we had to bring my mother stuff to eat because it was making her feel ill ... 
  i guess , normal , vegetarian , vegan , gluten free . 
  or be lazy and roll them into normal , other . 
  rotting seafood would probably cause me to up and leave fairly sharpish . 
  actually a tracking chip is not too far from the bracelets we use in the uk only you ca n't pull it off . 
  could n't *, 
  there is no evidence he is a champion of the community . 
  only that shooting an unarmed boy was the straw that broke the camels back . 
  car crashes , food , falls , all sorts of things can change your brain chemistry and cause you to go nuts . 
  if you eat a bad fish and get a fungal infection that causes you to become aggressive , you suddenly deserve to die ? 
  everyone is a product of the envinronment and their genes . 
  you can fix both . 
  americans come from america . 
  it 's easier than americans from the us . 
  not entirely sure if it is true , but supposedly you are not allowed to remove a uk citizen from australia/canada even if their visa runs out , and visa-versa . 
  do we not already have trade agreements with them ? 
  seems odd if not . 
  i suppose we could always set up some nuclear launch sites near their border and hope it does n't antagonise them . 
  like the uk ? 
  do n't us police need permission to apprehend criminals over state lines ? 
  australia is a bit different to most countries though . 
  its almost entirely populated by brits and only became independent ` recently ' . 
  i lived out there a while back and i can safely say it was just like living at home , but with more sun and easier access to sushi . 
  compare to most commonwealth states other than canada/aus and nz and the differences are greater than with france or germany . 
  well when south korea and japan join the eu we will send the thank you letters . 
  but red , which and blue are the colours that represent me . 
  most colours have rather strong historical connotations , which i think need to be taken into account when designing a flag . 
  oh i see , fuck the northern irish eh ? 
  it 's always the same with you scots , picking on the little guy . 
  needs more blue .
