  it 's better to use homeopathic placebos than drugs if the end result is the same . 
  the issue with homeopathy is people insisting on it , claiming it does more than it can and the price . 
  possibly , presumably they are not just looking at people flying from the capital to syria though . 
  nope , not a moron , you just had bad grammar and are now trying to blame someone else for that . 
  not that i expect perfect grammar when it 's your second language but you ca n't seriously get angsty when people misunderstand due to your mistake . 
  [ yes it is ] ( http://www.rferl.org/contentinfographics/foreign-fighters-syria-iraq-is-isis-isil-infographic/26584940.html ) . 
  per capita belgium is over treble the amount of the uk and over double that of france . 
  my sri lankan friend does this . 
  of course it did , but it was a long time ago and nothing to do with the current population . 
  bringing it up at random intervals is just silly . 
  we get along fine now hanging on to grudges from long dead ancestors just holds everyone back . 
  i know the feeling , you start talking to people in england about the irrelevancy of the saxon invasion and they get really pissed off . 
  the fuck is a video ? 
  that 's the ticket !, 
  k , i know several swedes who have moved here but it must be a shithole . 
  very dangerous is a term he is clearly using to compare to previous years . 
  not in comparison to syria . 
  none of which are dead . 
  what 's the latest death toll number on people dying installing solar panels ? 
  nope , an anglo federation would need roughly similar states . 
  the us would be way too big as would the uk . 
  meaning they need to be cut down so each state would be of roughly similar population . 
  new ones made as populations grow . 
  true , true , but i think you are mistaken about this one . 
  it 's an entertainment show , and it does a damn fine job of that . 
  is n't like 80 % of australia populated by brits or their descendants ? 
  they would n't be coming as refugees ... they would be working and thus making nz wealthier . 
  housing prices could initially spike but the mass influx of people would mean a lot of cash that could be spent building more . 
  it would n't give free movement to eu nationals to aus/canada . 
  you would presumably need a british passport . 
  australia already has superb curries . 
  actually the best lamb bhuna i ever had was in sydney . 
  he was judging the users of r/australia though not all australians . 
  it 's fine we will shatter it into 50 states , and the uk broken into 5/6, 
  single most popular car show there is but sure , it 's crappy . 
  we are talking about a vote 2 years later , not 2 decades . 
  yes but it 's also undemocratic to just keep voting until one of the outcomes is met . 
  we just had that vote , there wo n't be another ever single time we have something that changes . 
  it does n't matter the referendum was announced before the independence one took place . 
  we are now voting as a country , the outcome will be met as a country . 
  scotland can only leave if the government of the uk allows a referendum . 
  seeing as they literally just had one i can not see that being allowed . 
  you ca n't throw another independence referendum every time something changes . 
  that would look interesting in the history books . 
  wwiii begun when the uk launched an unexpected and unprovoked assault on the us capital as well as several potato storage facilities located near the coast . 
  the initial assault was very effective with the capital burning within the first few hours . 
  after retreating back to the isles with their stolen potatoes the us prepared a counter offensive whilst the uk tried to convince dublin to swap the potatoes for northern ireland . 
  the us realising nuclear weapons where not an option moved their navy toward the north atlantic intending to land in ireland before launching an offensive into mainland gb . 
  unfortunately this vacuum left china free to launch an offensive against her neighbours in a bid for more land , russia invaded the baltic states as soon as it became apparent nuclear weapons would not play a role . 
  the total lack of european military unity led to a rapid collapse of any defensive forces until russian military units reached poland . 
  completely unsure of what to do france unexpectedly declared neutrality . 
  spain declared war on the uk to seize gibraltar , argentina declared war to seize the falklands . 
  seeing the turmoil in south america , paraguay declared war on argentina to get some coastline . 
  after 3 years of fighting globally the first nuclear bomb dropped when kim jon un accidentally launched one at tokyo . 
  the result was nuclear weapons moved into the playing board , all major cities world wide where destroyed within the day . 
  so we give up gibraltar and they all bankrupt themselves ? 
  the refugee crisis is going to do some serious damage to the vote , especially if it does n't improve before referendum . 
  fun fact , my dad worked designing the electrical systems in the gherkin !, 
  every country has something ridiculous , in general british architecture is good though . 
  i do n't get it , we have superb architecture . 
  they just had a vote , they do n't get another one a year later . 
  ehh , sort of . 
  to be fair i have not watched it so i am assuming it 's to do with the struggle to be recognised as female . 
  if you just say , yeah sure , then there would n't be much of a film . 
  well that just ruins the joke , and the entire point in the film . 
  excellent , something to look forward too . 
  i tried to watch 1864 but could n't find english subtitles , any idea if they are out now ? 
  the last kingdom was great , similar sort of thing the black sails , vikings , rome , etc. 
  it 's still capable of overseas operations , though diminished until the qe 's are out . 
  it 's cool , he made it . 
  is n't there a st. aaargghs in cornwall ? 
  you can do that on good beer damnit !, 
  yet you guys drink vb like someone is trying to take it away . 
  it 's even worse !, 
  lots of h and m shops in the uk, 
  ended up putting it down part way through book 3 . 
  the writing was n't particularly gripping ; though i suppose i was fairly young at the time perhaps one day i will give it another go , but i do n't really read fiction much these days . 
  christ that book was boring , i did n't even realise the battle of helms deep had started until half way through . 
  great story , not the greatest story writer . 
  i got up to the part where he started calling jews smelly for not showering . 
   give the likes of baldrick the vote and we 'll be back to cavorting druids , death by stoning and dung for dinner . 
  maybe you live somewhere cleaner than me . 
  there are puddles all over the place here and leaves mulching on the pavement . 
  short of a blow dryer by the door you are going to traipse dirt into the house . 
  in summer it 's a bit better but still no reason to have dirty shoes on in the house . 
  what if you step in something and do n't notice !, 
  i said house not public buildings . 
  you can wipe your shoes as much as you like . 
  the ground is usually wet you are going to get dirty shoe prints through the house if you do n't take them off . 
  i have amazon prime too , if it 's not on those i pretty much ca n't watch is . 
  so streaming is the only course . 
  yeah traipsing dirt through the house is totally normal . 
  woo rumble !, 
  it really is n't that hard to store waste why do people keep claiming it is ? 
  water blocks the radioactive isotopes and particles emitted very effectively . 
  you can actually swim in the pools france keeps theirs in without getting ill . 
  claiming we ca n't build a box to stop radiation getting out is just silly , and there are plenty of places for long term storage . 
  from deserts to mountains to the bottom of the sea . 
  supposedly brits are the largest group of illegal immigrants in australia for that exact reason . 
  no-one can be bothered to get rid of them i guess .
