  it would n't be an issue if we actually had bike lanes . 
  it 's gay marriage not a union with ireland . 
  there would be no-one to fight , unless we are to expect attacks on london again . 
  plus gay marriage is already in ireland so it 's not like it would be britain forcing laws onto an irish population . 
  yes i know but we have both regional and national laws . 
  been no violence in the more backward states of the us yet , but i suppose it 's understandable . 
  why ca n't the government of the uk override this in a similar method the us used ? 
  go crazy , they pay for it now . 
  i really never said worldnews was better . 
  lots of adult conversation in this thread ... 
  when i suggest going places to eat with friends and they accept that makes them a puppet ? 
  christ man get a grip . 
  this whole thing started due to the iraq war but no-one forced blairs government to declare war , it was the uk flexing it 's muscles and a push to stay globally relevant . 
  we 've been doing that for centuries ... 
  hahaha , the uk defence industry is far larger than the romanian one you really think the uk did n't benefit in the same way ? 
  2 wars . 
  but by that definition nothing is ... 
  i 'm guessing his point was due to it 's pagan roots it would be expected to be spread across more of europe . 
  neither is christmas but it does n't mean people who celebrate it are just trying to be `` cool and hip '' . 
  that would be an even better choice as it was intentional . 
  i used to get told off by my lecturer for getting that one wrong . 
  got to spread the word !, 
  extirpated * extinct means gone globally . 
  one little naval catastrophe and suddenly their all high and mighty . 
  so is it pronounced differently or does it just ` sound like a vowel ' because you are used to it , or indeed i am not used to it ? 
  not sure what caused it to change , any idea if y is a vowel in french , norwegian/danish/swedish or german/dutch ? 
  what 's a blurn ? 
  baseball was created in britain , or at least the earliest reference to it was in britain . 
  it 's likely the rules have changed enough to be considered a different sport . 
  we also have softball . 
  y is special in english , kind of the almost vowel . 
  all words have either a vowel of a y in . 
  pretty sure americans pronounce it epi-tome anyway so you could get away with it . 
  might get some weird looks though . 
  do n't worry it 's pretty easy . 
  if it sounds like a vowel use an , if it sounds like a constant use a. 
  small exceptions include using an before some words beginning with h. ` an historic moment ' for example , however a is also acceptable so i would just stick with the first rule . 
  first thing on after the creepy clown who beeps at you !, 
  no hadrian s wall , i am disappointed . 
  err if the london banking area collapsed it would take the world with it not just the uk . 
  the uk has been a global leader in spying for centuries and our policies reflect british interests . 
  iraq was a fucking mess though . 
  other way around , it 's the bulk populace that dislike the eu not the ` ruling class ' . 
  a year ago i was confident it would be pro eu , less confident about it now . 
  perhaps we can use badges ? 
  nothing bad like that ever happened in poland before . 
  my bad . 
  emily and greg , vs lakisha and jamal ? 
  are we sure it 's all to do with the name and nothing to do with race ? 
  dictator merkel . 
  ca n't they just have a normal and a vegetarian option ? 
  was n't that finland ? 
  i would never encourage people to abandon their native language . 
  different languages let people think about problems in different ways . 
  it 's great for problem solving which will very much benefit the eu in the long run . 
  it also means local cultures stay alive , of course cultures would n't die out but change . 
  i disagree , there is no way a union can function properly without everyone being able to communicate . 
  it 's fine at a lower level , the common man , etc. 
  however anyone in international politics pretty much has to know english . 
  i lived in aus . 
  i heard the word once when someone was pissed off . 
  only on reddit do people pretend it 's an all day , everyday thing . 
  only on reddit do people think aussies say cunt in every sentence . 
  there is one in reading that sells them . 
  k. i would suggest it is you who has no idea . 
  ever closer ties where not part of the deal when the eu was formed . 
  but sure , make up new things and be shocked when some are against it . 
  the uk already gives money and follows eu law . 
  we just do n't want more , whilst maintaining the trade systems . 
  same as it has always been , the objection is to new non agreed upon changes as part of the ` ever closer union ' . 
  the input is n't being withdrawn , we just want more control at home . 
  there is no reason that can not happen . 
  a civilised man has a slave clean his clothes . 
  not do it himself . 
  oh god you are not an argentinian supporter are you ? 
  why ? 
  pawns are there to be lost . 
  go play some chess mate !, 
  then we do n't get input into eea laws . 
  where as execution does n't ... ? 
  it 's not am american view point though . 
  plenty of states have abolished it . 
  there are just a few backward ones left . 
  it will go the same way as gay marriage eventually . 
  crying and screaming , these states will eventually join the rest of the civilised world . 
  i know it sounds nationalistic but i really like the union jack . 
  it 's not just a few stripes , i love the bold clash of colours and the 3 smooshed together flags . 
  it 's not too complex , anyone can draw the basics , yet has more complicated subtleties with the arrangement of the st. patricks cross . 
  germany & france = / = everyone, 
  true but i 'm sure there will be much rejoicing in 2066 claiming 1000 years unconquered . 
  we did n't steal all the potatoes . 
  now the wheat ... 
  dressage . 
  boy would you be in for a surprise when the nords actually find out what scotland is like !, 
  hey !, 
  there are plenty of hunters and farmers living in scotland . 
  who do you think hunts the haggis and farms porridge ? 
  `` the united states and the united kingdom share the world 's largest foreign direct investment partnership . 
  in 2005 , american direct investment in the united kingdom totaled $ 324 billion while british direct investment in the united states totaled $ 282 billion . 
  [ 115 ] in a press conference that made several references to the special relationship , us secretary of state john kerry , in london with uk foreign secretary william hague on 9 september 2013 , said `` we are not only each other 's largest investors in each of our countries , one to the other , but the fact is that every day almost one million people go to work in america for british companies that are in the united states , just as more than one million people go to work here in great britain for american companies that are here .
