  it tends to be around blue collar jobs . 
  on the plus side english sparkling wine might become big . 
  it 's just as high quality but the name sucks so no-one buys it . 
  it 's naturally sparkling similar to champagne as well rather than carbonated . 
  if you ca n't find a good pizza in the uk you are not trying . 
  there are huge amounts of italian immigrants here , spread all over the country . 
  just do n't visit pizza hut and complain you are not getting a traditional dish . 
  british cuisine is great i do n't understand the dislike . 
  our food just tends to be quite heavy compared to a lot of places . 
  meat , potatoes and veg being fairly staple . 
  shepards pie is great , as is the full english/scottish , etc. , sunday roast , anything inside a yorkshire . 
  cheddar cheese is the single most popular cheese in the world , and our selection of other cheeses as equally as good as those found in france . 
  pasties are a great snack food , and the sandwich ... the sandwich !, 
  i have yet to find a country that does better deserts than the uk , things ranging from apple pie , to eton mess , sticky toffee pudding to banana split or the cream tea !, 
  damn irish , taking our jobs and our tesco penne . 
  a lot of the issues with ni stemmed from the split population . 
  some want to be irish , some want to be british . 
  at the moment they are kind of both , with open borders , irish people can even vote in our elections . 
  blocking the border would tell the british part of ni they are not properly british . 
  something people have died for in the past . 
  it 's a pot you just do n't want to stir up . 
  yeah that wo n't cause any trouble , at all . 
  pro-eu revolution does n't mean the eu funded or started it . 
  neither does it allow russia to invade and annex part of it ... 
  mmm , no they are n't . 
  they are made and maintained in the us , launch capabilities are in uk hands , as are the missiles themselves . 
  would the uk check before doing anything ? 
  probably . 
  do we have to ? 
  you should probably look up the definition of ` want ' . 
  that is quite interesting , thanks . 
  is dublin capable of holding highrise buildings ? 
  many cities are not built on the right sort of stone , so highrises would collapse . 
  ` we made it !, 
  now what ? ', 
  ` urg , why did we come to cornwall ... , fuck it 's go home ' . 
  yup first time in berlin we did n't get asked to leave until gone 6, 
  but what is drunk the most ? 
  well kraken comes from the norwegian krake i think . 
  i think they got thrown out . 
  well the tudors where the lancastrians !, 
  the 4 royal beasts are : unicorn , lion , stag and dragon . 
  3/4 are in got !, 
  i do n't think that 's how it ... ah nvm . 
  obelix does say vertical stripes are slimming . 
  maybe it varies from place to place , i used to drink shit loads of coke , and switched to zero simply because i could n't tell the difference . 
  unlike diet which tastes like crap . 
  drink diet ones ? 
  the zero drinks at least taste the same , i ca n't tell the difference at all . 
  drink zero !, 
  fanta zero in the uk at least , actually tastes nicer than the sugary one . 
  it has a higher fruit juice content . 
  all you have done is ruin the union jack !, 
  why !, 
  still play it !, 
  it 's on gog.com 10th anniversary addition . 
  great game . 
  or dumb enough to get caught, 
  should n't have scared them off !, 
  yeah better beheading syrians than costing us taxes in prison !, 
  is that ramsey bolton ? 
  they last forever in the cupboard why take up precious fridge space ? 
  everyone wins . 
  the us owes haiti frankly , they destroyed the economy by undercutting the farmers . 
  yeah i 'm not surprised different countries have stricter regulations . 
  it 's a bit of a joke at the moment, 
  monsanto seed does grow though there are no terminator genes . 
  they would be free to harvest it and replant . 
  lets assume the worst , that monsanto was planning to then jump in and take legal action against regrowth . 
  haiti could just say no . 
  hell they could even prevent monsanto representatives entering the country to check . 
  maybe they could bribe the government though allowing them to take legal action against farmers . 
  what would be the point ? 
  the farmers have nothing to pay them with , it would be totally pointless . 
  it seems more likely to me they wanted haitian famers to like monsanto , they are notoriously popular amoungst farmers . 
  maybe a long term plan to get haiti to use monsanto seed over say bayer , or syngenta ? 
  presumably even in this crazy scenario it 's not every muslim vs europe . 
  differentiating between innocents and the guilty is what makes conflicts difficult . 
  well ni is less than 3 % of the uk population and caused issues . 
  why ca n't they hide at home ? 
  same as the terrorists in ireland ? 
  get support from the locals , minorities are not spread thinly throughout the country , they are localised to certain areas . 
  it 's one of the things that makes it easier to fundamentalism to spread . 
  well they are wrong then , it 's what leads to confusion . 
  something being natural does not mean good , and something being synthetic does not mean bad . 
  it 's what organic relies on , misinformation . 
  no , that is only true if monsanto licenced them out the seed . 
  it was just given to them , they were free to harvest and replant it . 
  presumably the idea is to get haiti to like them so in the long run they have an advantage in that market . 
  that or they just wanted to do something nice for the publicity . 
  it would also mean as the seed is gmo haiti could buy pesticide from them which complements the crop . 
  not a requirement i might add glyphosate is off patent . 
  mmm , no organic farming just means using organic pesticides as well as things like crop rotation , not using synthetic fertilisers , hormones , etc. 
  using no pesticide would mean your crop is killed by pests . 
  large farms need pesticides or you lose huge chunks of your crops , those that are not lost look ugly due to pest damage . 
  organic crops in the shop look lovely not moth-eared . 
  there are other methods of pest control , such as traps , using animals to eat them , tilling , and what not . 
  organic pesticides are those sourced from natural origins . 
  copper sulphate for example is used as a fungicide , conventional farming however can use a less toxic alternative . 
  some people are even dumb enough to use salt , but i 'm going to assume that is n't very common at all .
