  that said one of my polish friends full on left the country to avoid it , he is incredibly camp so feared it would not be a good experience . 
  which is why alcohol and tobacco has huge tax mark-ups , sugar is getting more and more tax by the year , and there are many campaigns to increase fitness . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.royalmint.com/~/media/images/competition/new_1_pound.jpg ) we are . 
  someone always has to ruin it . 
  is that charlie sheen sitting on the floor in the image about the fat girl in the blue dress ? 
  i spent new years in aus in a taxi . 
  we went to the bondi beach concert , i got felt up by some security guy ( apparently grabbing someones knob is perfectly fine ) , had some drinks , realised i hated knife party and went home . 
  got to see a few fireworks through the window though !, 
  the girls do n't want to go home after one drink ... 
  i hate the new one pound coin . 
  i honestly ca n't believe they are messing with the single best coin in the world . 
  it 's perfect in every way !, 
  food subsidies in the west are arguably the greatest hurdle to developing countries . 
  most countries go through an agricultural phase which they simply can not do due to having no-one to buy from them . 
  on top of that it 's cheaper into import food than grow it , meaning less jobs . 
  haiti saw it 's economy collapse after trade rights with the us where established . 
  now 80 % of it 's rice is imported . 
  fuck you i 'm not short !, 
  i 've never met anyone pro censorship and internet firewalls . 
  lol . 
  no they do n't where are you getting this ? 
  those are not the only options though , if the uk leaves and it shatters faith in the eu it could have huge effects on the continent . 
  there is too much butter , on , those , trays . 
  no , no , no . 
  are you having a stroke ? 
  need me to call anyone ? 
  just like wales was a natural part of england . 
  we used to . 
  starts great then gets really crap ? 
  we should get canada in they are culturally perfect . 
  so , it 's all turkeys problem ? 
  ca n't expect them to be okay with that . 
  poles here are unpopular due to undercutting the local tradesman . 
  for example we had 8 poles build my parents house . 
  they pretty much all lived in a single caravan , shot and ate the local rabbits and sent the money home . 
  do n't get me wrong they where great guys and did a superb job . 
  however no local tradesman can compete with that , and it 's entirely unreasonable to expect someone to . 
  covering the ussr was only done in gcse history in the uk curriculum as far as i can remember . 
  it 's an optional course once you get to 15ish . 
  the flag , i 'm not that special do n't worry !, 
  i thought it was lithuania on first glance . 
  shit , wrong flag . 
  i have failed . 
  it 's like the ussr 's take on the weaslys house . 
  rather not send anyone , however adults have the right to choose . 
  be it for altruistic reasons or not i do n't think it 's fair to deny someone the right to serve . 
  well the rumours are they sync up . 
  pistols are not designed for shooting paper targets , it 's just a way of practicing or for fun . 
  if it where just for targets you could keep them down the range and access them there . 
  insisting you need one in your house strongly implies you want it for something else . 
  if you live in the countryside ( which admittedly a lot of finns do ) you could argue it 's impractical to have ranges around and it 's safe to shoot in the woods . 
  cheese and beans !, 
  i have to visit there . 
  chips . 
  they are right there in the picture . 
  makes sense to me , cheers . 
  unfortunately i ca n't watch that video because i am at work but yes it is . 
  however as it 's a rare thing , how hard is it to get a specific license ? 
  you do n't have to . 
  all that needs to be done is make it seem like the eu is doing what is best for the british public just before referendum time . 
  people are fickle , pass the referendum and actual debate can begin . 
  australian on a few occasions . 
  so you want a hand gun in case the guy pointing one at you is a shit aim , or in case there are massive riots and the police give up , which of course is more likely to happen if the rioters are armed with handguns . 
  i wish the bloke in copenhagen offered me a beer , instead he punched my friend , threatened me with an umbrella , stole some drunk woman 's phone they stole a bike and rode off . 
  who hunts with a handgun ... they are short range , which just makes it more difficult . 
  you do n't usually want your food to run away . 
  what is this detroit ? 
  where do you live where that is actually a necessity ? 
  if you want it for defence you are straight out saying you want a pistol for the explicit purpose of killing someone with it . 
  that reasoning alone clearly shows you should not have a gun . 
  plus if someone else pulls a gun on you , and they see you going for yours you will be shot . 
  unless you are walking around permanently on edge you will almost never have the upper hand in a confrontation . 
  unless of course you pull first , in which case you are the criminal . 
  there are of course some situations it could help , but they do n't even nearly outweigh the others . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm english which means i am special and therefore allowed to wander around in foreign bike lanes !, 
  pistols are for shooting people , the only reasons a civilian needs a gun is for hunting or shooting dangerous animals . 
  i got kicked by some bloke in copenhagen , and nearly run over by bikes twice in amsterdam . 
  nothing bad has ever happened to me in ireland . 
  probably , even if it 's pretty ukraine has a lot of issues hardly making it the ideal homestead . 
  torn between denmark and netherlands , chose ireland instead . 
  they know which side of the road to drive on , and there are less bicycles trying to kill you . 
  i have to go play euiv ... 
  i see a map of it everyday and still ca n't draw the damn thing . 
  fuck you scotland and norfolk !, 
  you know what you did . 
  i 'm cool with it . 
  might be nice to have some more eurovison votes . 
  sorry , i did scroll but missed the comment . 
  than *, 
  yeah , that is one incredibly difficult question . 
  in all fairness no they should not but a the same time banning people from voting about their home is rather a sticky issue . 
  the protests i was talking about where against the british and us governments by their own people . 
  the populace did n't want to go to war . 
  sorry if i caused any confusion . 
  i think in this hypothetical situation eastern ukraine is back to being under ukrainian control and the remaining issue is crimea . 
  long way to go before that of course . 
  sorry , i meant the iraq invasion . 
  i thought it had un backing but i could be wrong . 
  brits protested when we got involved .
