  sounds like a recipe for fun times . 
  that would be enough to cause a spate of suicides across britain and ireland . 
  pretty sure the only reason finland is n't in nato is due to finland not wanting to join . 
  then join a defensive alliance ? 
  10p off baked beans is worth anything that is slipped in . 
  take them off you dirty bastard . 
  not off the top of my head , it 's just things i have picked up over the years reading science mags . 
  well they are idiots then , i was a vegetarian for 15 years and never had to have supplements , neither has any of the other veges i have known . 
  vegans can sometimes suffer if they are not careful but a vegetarian can easily , get all the nutrients required through eggs and dairy . 
  true , but i was under the impression the boost is to more than just fast twitch muscles and hearing . 
  the need to co-ordinate perfectly for example requires different brain function , and i would imagine mathematical abilities on the fly are important whilst hunting , especially if dealing with multiple quarries , and co-hunters . 
  well fuppen was talking about migration , so i assumed you where too . 
  my apologies if you meant something else . 
  he said carnival not lent . 
  yeah because vegetarians really suffer from nutritional problems ... 
  pretty sure everyone gets those . 
  hunger makes you more alert . 
  it makes sense really you need to be alert to catch food , the more hungry you are ( to a point ) the more desperate you become . 
  interestingly simulating the same metabolic processes by not eating carbohydrates also makes you more alert . 
  yeah , everyone goes to church and remembers jesus on these days ... 
  if it was n't for the fact my parents have a small wooden nativity set which they keep simply because they bought it in jerusalem i would have seen nothing religious at christmas at all for years . 
  christmas for most people in the uk is about food , family , presents and decorating the house . 
  it 's not really , i do n't know anyone who celebrates anything to do with religion around that date . 
  i 'm willing to be many people do n't even know what it has to do with religion . 
  it 's just an excuse for pancakes and chocolate . 
  pagan traditions are christian traditions . 
  they merged , into christmas and easter . 
  mostly . 
  we are not part of shengen , leaving will have literally no effect on refuges and migrant numbers . 
  it 's easy to just pooh pooh them all as stupid , but that is a great way to underestimate your opponent . 
  a little different do n't you think ? 
  turkey is almost always classified as an asian country , russia is always classified as european . 
  i do n't think people get that the non european part of russia is essentially a colony ( or was ) . 
  britain did n't stop being part of europe during the empire days , neither did france , spain or portugal . 
  russia 's just happens to be connected by land not sea . 
  unless he is a professional psychiatrist i doubt it , does n't mean it 's not an idea worth pursuing . 
  yeah , fuck our laws , lets reinstate the firing squad !, 
  he means giving them extra long sentences simply for being terrorists , rather than the crime they are charged with , is a great way to undermine your own rights because laws have to be passed allowing judges to pass such sentences . 
  silly really considering the eu is a larger economy . 
  though i guess the esa is n't an eu organisation unlike nasa to the us . 
  more likely you would get assaulted by a group , it 's not like they are coming up one at a time . 
  when 20 odd blokes at a time appear it does n't matter if you are a ` meek german ' or not , they get their way . 
  well you do n't know that , in fact most people in a position to say so with some authority say otherwise . 
  i 'm not claiming to be an expert , in fact my entire point was people know very little . 
  brussles passes very few laws that effect the uk , and as a sovereign nation we have rights to pooh pooh them . 
  i honestly would n't consider pizza foreign , sure it was invented somewhere else a long time ago but it 's so ingrained in many countries it no longer fulfils the criteria . 
  otherwise british food is just turnips , carrots and beef . 
  i did n't grow up eating that , no brit grows up eating that . 
  we have variety , we import and export , both ingredients and recipes . 
  potatoes are not native but it 's blatantly part of british cuisine , as are things like pepper , squash , aubergines and turkey . 
  british cuisine is what british people make and eat . 
  i 'm sorry but the scottish independence movement was about right to be governed by who you want . 
  the eu referendum is not , we are not being governed by brussles no matter how much the sun likes telling everyone . 
  some people want it to , there is no path we are guaranteed to follow , this is just one of the points about people having no idea what is going on . 
  people are able to vote on it through eu elections and the general election , as is we are not voting to benefit the country , we are voting based on what news happens to be on the tv at the time . 
  no , scotland is an integral part of the uk not part of a trade agreement . 
  the vote was far more clear cut . 
  if the vote now was for joining a federated state i would have no complaints , as it is it 's about trade regulations and their effects on the country . 
  it 's quite clear the differences between scotland and ruk , they have a common government and should see equal returns . 
  the eu is not a state , it 's common trade block with vastly differing regions . 
  are you suggesting without the referendum option conservatives would have got no votes ? 
  ukips increase is important though , which is why the system needs changing overall with better representation of the populace , not a referendum every few years because parliament is n't doing it 's job . 
  voting on the eu elections means nothing , as like i said no-one knows what the hell is going on . 
  if anything it reinforces my point that people do n't care enough to need the vote . 
  the option is already here and almost no-one bothers . 
  the country plays a role in the eu , not the electorate . 
  because the institution may be benefitting them in ways they do n't understand . 
  we very significantly participate in the eu , but people do n't know in which ways , so they do n't care . 
  not caring though does n't mean london wo n't boom/bust on leaving the eu . 
  the fact they do n't know or care about shows just how pointless a referendum is and it should be left to those that do know . 
  we have general elections to decide the general approach people want the country to take , we do n't need referendums on the specifics , that is the whole point in representatives . 
  if the choice was , join a federation or stay independent then it would be fine . 
  the outcome is more clear cut , as it is no-one knows which bits of sovereignty are being given up , if any . 
  people do n't know the difference between the eu , the eez , the eurozone , shengen area or the european council . 
  it 's not even part of the referendum . 
  pure things are rarely good , there is a reason we do n't have ` pure democracy ' for anything else and who cares what arguments could be used for ? 
  it is n't being used to defend a tyrant . 
  there is literally no point in most people voting , no-one i know actually has a clue what the eu does , is doing or has done , and i work in a lab where people are usually far above average . 
  lots of phd 's , etc. 
  your average joe knows literally nothing about the eu other than something something , bendy bananas , brussles bad , or i like europeans so the eu must be good . 
  politicians do n't own the media , which we all know is highly selective on what it prints . 
  yeah but imported food is part of british cuisine . 
  tomatoes are non-native to italy but they are clearly part of italian cuisine . 
  countries are made up of their population , we have a large indian minority so indian food can be considered british , unless of course we are to claim the indians living here are not british . 
  same applies to the indonesians in the nertherlands , and turks in germany . 
  it 's not all just imported foods , it 's locally made usually using local ingredients . 
  sure the recipes started else where , but now the people are british , so is the food . 
  hooray for the english channel !, 
  anyone else think it 's completely mental to have a referendum on something so huge , when none of the public have any/very little idea of what the eu does , or the ramifications of either outcome ? 
  the entire point in representatives is they know/find out about potential outcomes , and decide the best course for the country/people . 
  bill the plumbers opinion on the matter does n't deserve equal weighting to someone who has done extensive research into the matter or worked alongside the eu for decades . 
  this entire referendum is n't going to pass/fail based on the merit of the eu , but what is in the news at the time . 
  sure some people have solid , educated opinions , most do n't though . 
  they votes based on how often the eu is praised/scolded in the news papers . 
  well banning consumables does n't improve society as it just opens up a black market . 
  it can be argued conscription ( at least the modern take on it ) does improve society , and there is n't exactly a black market equivalent . 
  no , but do n't let that stop a good complaint . 
  too many brown people and straight bananas, 
  do n't they usually have quite a few methods of avoiding service ? 
  i 'm not pro conscription at all , but i do n't think it 's that hard to avoid .
