  insulation stops heat going through it , i 'm not sure why you need to work in construction to know this . 
  incidentally it was once my job to fit insulation into a barn renovation project !, 
  as well as that i used to work for a company fitting window film in australia to help cooldown houses . 
  not that it makes me an expert but i thought it was quite funny considering your comment . 
  heat rises , and if it can not get through the roofing insulation it stays in the house . 
  we do n't have window-film so the uv light gets in and heats everything up . 
  it 's typical in mediterranean houses to be reflective ( white ) and often have awnings over the windows to help prevent direct sunlight getting in . 
  we do n't have those , we do n't have reflective shutters over the windows , we have highly insulated walls and roofs so when the heat gets in it stays in . 
  flats/terraces are often connected so do n't have much insulation on the insides , higher flats will heat up more , etc. 
  curtains are usually made to prevent visible light getting in , rather than uv . 
  they will just heat up and delay the heating process not stop it . 
  you need to stop the heat in the first plave though which is n't a thing on the uk . 
  in australia thry put window film on to block uv light . 
  other options are blinds and shutters . 
  my friends houses in greece are marble which doesn , t heat up , my walls on the other hand retain the heat once it , s in, 
  i have black out blinds and have been keeping them closed , unfortunately they are only in the living room . 
  rest of the house just heats up . 
  also a top flat so get the heat rising fron the two flata below . 
  good luck with that, 
  the heat gets in through windows and other place , then can not leave though , the hot air and lack of breeze stops any cooling, 
  it can absolutly be cooler inside than out without the use of electricity . 
  you can reflect heat , create air flow , build out of materials with poor heat conductio etc, 
  so what is confusing ? 
  our houses are stuffed with insulation , the heat does n't leave . 
  in greece the houses evaporate heat at a crazy rate , they are lovely and cool inside . 
  i would imagine the same is true in portugal . 
  making it look like a mushroom helps ? 
  i 'm in favour of canada personally . 
  without doubt !, 
  pax britannia and all that . 
  partially indeed . 
  well thistles are the national plant ... 
  scots are such masochists . 
  you guys do n't speak english because we are in the eu . 
  most people do n't want to leave their home to be fair . 
  it 's were his kids grew up , it 's where their friends are , family are , job is , house is , etc. 
  it sounds like a real language until the last 2 words . 
  you missed the punchline then , that was the whole point in the video . 
  that was joke , did you miss the punchline ? 
  fun fact : the only flag on the moon is actually a union jack . 
  the stars and stripes should have long since faded to white , meaning all that is left is a union jack carved into some of the equipment . 
  no other country was allowed to send up their flag despite it being a multinational team , so one of the british scientists carved the flag onto a piece of equipment after it was too late to replace . 
  well she got about 64 % in her constituency , which was so far ahead of everyone else it 's laughable . 
  in maidenhead she is very popular , i do n't see her necessarily leaving parliament . 
  well zealand is in denmark , yet new zealand is named after zeeland which is in the netherlands . 
  i guess there is n't one . 
  there is either none or two . 
  have we adopted the nordic cross style union jack now ? 
  looks pretty good to be honest . 
  lower cost of business + a taxbreak is more than just lower cost of business . 
  it would n't need to be big , and most british companies would want to stay in the uk . 
  caught in a ~ ~ landslide ~ ~ hung parliament . 
  tax deductions for companies set up outside of london . 
  well , shit . 
  i have no idea about mcdonnell but corbyn the party leader said during the debates he wants single market access with restrictions on immigration . 
  i 'm not sure that is possible though . 
  they also said they want to stay in the single market so soft brexit . 
  by 20 votes . 
  over 35,000 votes in that constituency cast . 
  this election has had some insanely close seats . 
  one in scotland had just 2 votes between them . 
  you definition of support is bollocks , wanting to talk to people to reach diplomatic solutions = / = support . 
  bombing isis whilst i support it with the hellfires , if you take the american approach you end up with shit loads of civilian casualties , wanting civilians not to get killed is n't evil . 
  the invasion of iraq caused the power vaccum which led to isis . 
  bombing them caused it to expand from a small group to the monster we have now . 
  ever heard the phrase fight fire with fire ? 
  every wondered why fireman do n't do it . 
  sometimes you do have to use violence , clearly it 's not working here though . 
  i do n't think he meant literally as in peoples political views work on a circanual rhythm . 
  although i now quite like that idea . 
  of course it does . 
  as others have pointed out , if you only have 3 months to save up for an entire years expenditure you ca n't spend that time protesting things , you have to be working . 
  on top of that during term time all the students are gathered together in on place , outside of term time everyone is scattered to the wind , which makes it much harder to organise something . 
  britain and france entering brought in the commonwealth and french empire , which meant canada , india , african holdings and south american , as well as east asia , australia , etc. 
  it literally dragged countries from every continent into the war . 
  that along with the finish/russian war are usually not considered part of it . 
  once britain/france entered the war it became global , hence world war . 
  i suppose you could argue it started earlier though . 
  possibly , but simultaneously if it fucked up d-day might have been a failure . 
  it was the use of jeeps and other transport rather than tanks and aircraft that where critical during the opening stages of the war . 
  russian troops where slaughtered en masse during barbarossa , without the help of us transport hundreds of thousands/millions more would have died . 
  it was the lending of the jeeps and transport vehicles that allowed the russians to actually move about , tanks and aircraft helped but as you mentioned their quantities where not huge at that point in the war . 
  before that battalions kept getting cut off and where incapable of retreating . 
  indeed , it was the jeeps in particular that meant the russian troops could actually manoeuvre . 
  honestly i only know about it because my great-grandfather was stationed in burma , in the aptly named ` forgotten army ' . 
  i 'm sure somewhere someone has written something to that effect !, 
  [ operation unthinkable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) the plan to liberate poland from the ussr , but it was deemed non feasible . 
  i do n't want to de-rail anything here , but another one i have always wondered what effect it had , was the norman invasion in 1066 . 
  it bound france and england 's fate together , a rivalry which led to 2 of the largest empires in human history and a greater impact on the world than anything else . 
  of course much of it could still have happened , but who knows . 
  interesting to think about . 
  actually the uk tried to assist finland . 
  sweden blocked passage under ( probably well founded ) fears that the uk would seize the iron mines , which in turn could drag them into the war with nazi germany . 
  the only other routes into finland where via the baltic sea ( not exactly safe ) and north near russia , a country at war with finland . 
  your country went through hell but that was the soviets and nazi 's fault , no-one else 's . 
  sort of , he had no intentions of fighting britain , however the declaration of defence against poland meant war happened anyway . 
  just saying but in the pacific theatre , it was commonwealth troops who stopped the japanese advance ( on land ) not americans . 
  british carriers prevented catastrophic casualties at okinawa by fighting the japanese air force whilst american troops landed ( us carriers at the time had wooden decks so would have sunk ) . 
  america was vital to the war effort but do n't pretend they where alone in the pacific , or the soviets where alone in europe . 
  the soviets where another invading force almost as bad as the nazi 's .
