  that is n't learning to live with it , that is the opposite . 
  in the short/middle term as you said it might not be going anywhere , but that does n't mean you learn to live with it , otherwise it will just stick around forever . 
  with terrorism there is no reason to accept it , or learn to live with it . 
  i 'm sure we are arguing the same thing , but i 'm saying that terminology is shite . 
  it literally means ` to put up with as there is nothing you can do about it ' . 
  scones, 
  accepting something means no longer fighting it . 
  i assume you do n't mean that , but that 's what it means . 
  so yeah , i absolutely do no accept terrorism , neither for that matter do i accept people killing one another . 
  trends show a drastic decrease in the levels of violence as education increases , as quality of life increases , etc. 
  i understand it can and will happen , but do not accept it . 
  learning to live with something means , in english , accepting what you have got . 
  if you lose the use of your legs , you learn how to live with it , if you get tinnitus you learn how to live with it . 
  if you break your arm , you put up with it until it 's better . 
  learning to live with it literally means getting used to something you can not change . 
  terrorism is n't something you ` learn to live with ' , it is in no way something we can not ever resolve , something we are stuck with . 
  neither does that mean hiding away though is the only temporary solution . 
  learning to live with , means accepting . 
  you can cope with something without accepting it . 
  ahh , fair enough !, 
  what bullshit words . 
  you do n't ` learn to live ' with bad things , you actively work to prevent them . 
  it 's not inefficient , as it requires less admin staff . 
  you do n't need to waste everyones time dealing with means testing , and you do n't make people stick out by being the only ones with the benefits . 
  benefits are for everyone , hence the name ` benefit ' , it 's a benefit of living in the uk . 
  you are thinking of welfare . 
  you skipped the last 2 parts of my post . 
  it saves money giving it to everyone and taxing back later . 
  everyone is equal . 
  like i said that money is then reclaimed through higher taxes . 
  it also lowered admin costs by not requiring means testing , and makes it less socially unacceptable to use it . 
  he was making a joke . 
  ` contribute to it being good or bad ' , ` metaphor of the times ' . 
  so if it 's lived through evil times , it 's bad . 
  you are probably right with that one , depressingly . 
  after brexit sure , but that will be negotiated , spain must have a system in place for non-eu users of it 's healthcare . 
  except as i said you then increase tax in other places on those people to get the money back . 
  no net loss to people that o n't need it without violating peoples rights by taking away things they are entitled to . 
  you mean the pensioners who spend all their money in spain ? 
  also are n't their bills covered by the nhs anyway ? 
  does n't matter , you include them , then increase taxes on them to cover that cost . 
  that way no-ones has their rights undermined yet you do n't waste money . 
  how can you not feed a baby lactose ... 
  breast milk is around 7 % lactose , babies everywhere are lactose tolerant on birth except in extremely rare cases which would be flagged up quickly by a doctor . 
  some people lose that ability later on in life . 
  imo the only ` free from ' thing you should consider in a babies diet is sugar . 
  cutting out peanuts , dairy , gluten , etc. 
  just increases the chance the baby will be intolerant later in life . 
  depends how poor i suppose . 
  like i said canada/aus/nz and the uk are all very similar . 
  if it would cause a totally imbalanced movement of people between two of the nations i would not support it . 
  it 's not racist to not let every country have free movement into your country ... like i said it 's nothing to do with the commonwealth , it 's the anglosphere . 
  i went with those countries because they are all in the anglo-sphere , not because they are in the commonwealth . 
  it gives the advantage of a common culture ( seriously i lived in aus for a year there is little to no difference between us , other than the heat and what we call flip-flops ) , and should give relatively equal exchange of people . 
  if we brought say jamaica into the fold , i would expect to see a far more one-way exchange of people . 
  that is n't good for either country . 
  i do n't want open borders so everyone can escape to australia , or everyone can flood into the uk , i want open borders so people an freely move where they want , between similar places . 
  that similarity is key . 
  immigration from the eu has caused a very noticeable change in our towns and cities . 
  whilst for the most part i 'm happy with it , it makes others feel uncomfortable . 
  with different cultures we need to take immigration slow , let people get used to it . 
  with the same culture it makes no difference . 
  makes it easier to migrate between our countries . 
  obviously we would all have to agree with the others border controls . 
  however canada could n't just make someone a citizen then send them anywhere . 
  if they are a citizen of canada the canadian government does not have the right to banish them to the uk . 
  more to the point though , why would canada do that ? 
  you are getting worried over a scenario that has no chance of happening . 
  there is literally 0 risk of canada making people citizens just to send them to us . 
  oh , possibly i 'm not sure to be honest . 
  personally i 'm all up for free movement between canada/australia/uk and nz . 
  it 's easier for us to go there as well . 
  australia for example is the number 1 emigration destination for brits . 
  scandinavia + finland + iceland + faroe islands . 
  yeah but it only represents northern ireland now . 
  i think ... our relationship is complicated . 
  it 's beer not whisky . 
  yes but it makes it easier to emigrate . 
  and that would be ridiculous considering there has been no border for centuries . 
  i ca n't see why they would n't be !, 
  he is thinking of game of thrones . 
  i do n't see it going down that easily . 
  it 's currently the waters of the uk , an argument could and probably would be made that a large portion of the reserves should remain with the uk , based on not only ownership but also the cost of setup . 
  then we have rockall , administered by scotland but never part of it , it became part of the uk post union . 
  it would be an interesting legal case . 
  he did n't say that at all ... 
  sounds like a really shitty airline . 
  scotland can not adopt schengen . 
  it 's just not possible without causing chaos . 
  weird i swear they where born in britain . 
  and their parents , and their parents , parents . 
  good deal does n't mean all the benefits with no obligations . 
  european monarchies are around only because they behave themselves . 
  that is revisionist and you know it . 
  17 million people voted leave it was far more than a ` few exceptions ' who wanted trade but less eu regulation . 
  immigration was a huge one , with many voting based on islamic immigration . 
  nothing to do with the single market . 
  err . . loads of people wanted to stay in the single market , it 's the best part of the eu . 
  in fact it was one of the fundamental arguments people where complaining the eu was becoming ` ever closer ' and we did n't want that . 
  it was very widely posited that remaining in the single market ` norway style ' would be a great plan .
