  i mean it 's pathetic !, 
  things are so inefficient , money wasted , not collected , blown on stupid projects and focus being dumped in the most obscene places . 
  so infuriating , i swear i could do a better job . 
  well back to complaining and not doing anything about it . 
  so all the expats go to portugal and spain loses even more money ? 
  why are we not putting money into the esa ? 
  we could easily have the best space agency on earth . 
  i am laughing way too hard at that . 
  how do you lose a marble when stuck in a small box !, 
  just imaging the expression of the devil when he goes in to find nothing but a sad looking pole and one smashed marble . 
  i met a romanian call girl once , she was telling me how she wants to open a caf\u00e9 back home . 
  she also mentioned she very much enjoys escorting mostly due to the money . 
  everytime she though , i might go home , the lure of a # 200-1000 a day ( probably more if you are in london , or ` high class ' ) kept her here . 
  yeah , london is rather special in that respect . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  i only saw a black person in my local town for the first time a few weeks ago . 
  ah , well i was n't the first chap you replied to . 
  though ( thanks eu3/4 ) , those are the only 'em pire 's i know of that spawned from italy . 
  it 's not about ` dick waving ' , it 's about getting what you want and the best for your people . 
  rather than just sitting back and doing what you are told . 
  most people prefer to be the driver rather than the passenger . 
  well genoa has territory in turkey and the crimea , venice held territory across the mediterranean including parts of modern greece . 
  they mostly specialised in trade empires though , and as such took over trading ports . 
  although per capita is very important , net is probably more vital to the eu as a whole , simply because there is so much expenditure . 
  either way italy is very important to the eu . 
  it seems a little redundant to assume all romanians look hot based on a website of attractive romanians . 
  just avoid asda , newcastle , any where that sells alcohol for cheaper than # 3 a shot , the seaside and any heavily populated areas after 10pm , and you will be fine . 
  i do n't see the uk leaving to be honest , but if we do , we have until then to lord it over people . 
  well i do n't know too much about french colonial history , but their attempt to re-subvert vietnam after the war probably did n't help their relations . 
  tied first !, 
  take that france !, 
  i had a friend walk into a shop in france to get a ham sandwhich . 
  he just walks up to the counter and says : ` jambon please mate . ', 
  ( no accent what so ever ) then we wonder why the french are resisting speaking english . 
  well yeah , immigrants do n't speak english everyone knows that . 
  excellent , thanks . 
  wo n't this cause tension with norway though , or is this previously unclaimed territory ? 
  my brief look did n't show up any maps of what is claimed . 
  if there information on who claims which parts , similar to the antarctica claims . 
  well you got 2 , though it 's greater london not just london  though we actually have different types of counties , historical and political . 
  london is n't an historical county either . 
  maine ? 
  florida is easy , no idea where maine is . 
  east coast somewhere i think . 
  you can do south yorkshire but not the east and west ridings ? 
  ( is there a north one ? ) . 
  also lancashire !, 
  exactly it 's kind of apples and oranges . 
  the only real similarities are the fact that the country is split up into segments . 
  counties for the uk , states for the us . 
  the uk county historically has as much relevance as a us state though . 
  yeah , but the hard part is kyrgyz and it did n't help at all with that bit !, 
  you could n't make the austro-hungarian empire in euiii , or iv actually , never understood why not . 
  dates are wrong probably . 
  i had a look . 
  i can name a fair few but could only ( with confidence ) place 5 . 
  it 's not the same as not knowing countries , but i think worth learning anyway . 
  tried learning the canadian states , but got a little lost , at least the aussie ones are easy i can name and locate all of those . 
  i always considered it dragon shaped . 
  never seen the c before . 
  shockingly just saying the word again and claiming it is easy , does n't actually help . 
  i learnt all the european countries by modding eu iii to modern day boarders . 
  also helped me learn most of asia . 
  unfortunately i got bored before getting to central america and sub saharan africa , so still do n't know all the continents . 
  why is montenegro part of serbia ? 
  kosovo is also a recognised country by most of europe . 
  were n't france asked to help ? 
  how is the eu warmongering ? 
  question : if i am convincing enough , can i be elected king ? 
  never mention the war !, 
  i did once , but i think i got away with it . 
  come at me , bro !, 
  yeah , but it 's our rock surrounded by our fish . 
  yeah , i can understand that one . 
  that 's it ? 
  balled up bits of meat ? 
  denmark/sweden actually hold the world record for most wars between two countries . 
  ( uk ) england/france is second i think . 
  london is the 7th largest french city by population . 
  what about our electrical system is n't metric ? 
  i think they have a higher percentage of english speakers too . 
  please tell me the rp accent is also the one many americans think of as ` sexy ' . 
  otherwise my entire plan to visit the states is slightly ruined . 
  and manx . 
  okay , that is stupid . 
  so just update to the latest version ? 
  maybe i like hitler ... 
  what is wrong with ie ? 
  all hominids did , although we are now jumping back to new species which is somewhat defeating the point in the chart !, 
  i do n't think i know uk geography very well ... 
  i mean a subspecies of homo sapiens . 
  they are classified as homo neaderthalensis , but there has been recent evidence that some people believe mean they should be reclassified as homo sapiens neanderthalensis , which makes them a subspecies ( like us ) of homo sapiens . 
  by human i mean homo sapiens , not just anything in the homo genus . 
  never heard anyone describe homo habalis as human , for example . 
  i think it is 2-4 % of our genes are neanderthal , which is why some anthropologists want to make neanderthal 's into a subspecies of human . 
  i live in the south and one of my local towns is named after thor . 
  you are right it 's liverpool area . 
  france has far higher immigration levels that britain , that does n't make sense . 
  reported yes , but in reality english/british is the largest ancestry group . 
  germany and ireland have the highest levels of immigration , but britain is n't far behind .
