  she became queen elizabeth the ii of england and scotland , which as you pointed out is wrong she was the first elizabeth to be queen of england and scotland . 
  fortunately a minority opinion . 
  she will remain the queen of scotland though ... 
  if the uk 's one is scrapped that leaves just the us and france . 
  seems like a dick move to make someone else shoulder all the burden when you benefit from it . 
  yes , but no-one wants to change it . 
  it 's a good looking flag . 
  the war in iraq was met with the biggest protests in british history . 
  as for trident , i do n't know if you noticed russia literally invading a country that got rid of theirs . 
  the flag will stay the same because the rest of the country is still the uk . 
  the media really does n't help with that . 
  well violence seems to have dropped from what it was . 
  should n't this be political 101 ? 
  how dumb to do you have to be to run a country by refusing to use good ideas ? 
  i know a fair few people who became more pro-eu when the phone tariff changes came in . 
  actual results they can see go a long way . 
  the netherlands is constantly amoungst the top nations for happiness/quality of life , etc. 
  seems like something to me . 
  sorry , i should have said ` head of state ' . 
  yes she has the title , but as you mentioned it 's purely ceremonial . 
  well aside from the fact it was a tongue in cheek comment i will give you my reasons for being pro monarchy ( like the vast majority of the uk ) . 
  the monarchy ( or the crown estate in particular ) ensures our land remains free to use , with the abolition of the monarchy the land would either revert to the windsor 's or be snatched up by the government . 
  if it 's the former we risk it being sold off to private developers . 
  if it 's the later we risk it being sold off to private developers . 
  i for one like being able to visit all these places . 
  secondly the monarchy adds a lot of flavour and comes steeped in tradition . 
  instead of just having ` the british navy ' or ` the british air force ' we get royal , this and royal that . 
  i like having a royal mail , i like having royal societies they are far more interesting than departments . 
  thirdly the monarchy is a great diplomatic tie to other commonwealth nations . 
  the people love them , they are a great headline and she brings the country together like few other things do . 
  just look at the royal marriage and the birth of prince george , even the americans love it . 
  the royal family has an air of grace and pageantry that you do n't get with fake tv , they are a giant soap opera that has the benefit of being real . 
  finally , all countries have a problem with a few people holding too much power , having too much sway over things , owning too much land , etc. 
  i would much prefer we keep the number 1 family in the public eye , under scrutiny , rather than free to get up to nefarious things . 
  i completely agree with you that it 's daft anyone should get something in life simply because they where born into it . 
  however every kid born into wealth gets similar treatment and few people complain about that . 
  also as you said she is n't the head of state , the pm is . 
  i am sorry but china , brazil , india and russia are in no sane persons eyes ` top countries ' . 
  perhaps i worded it badly , but i meant high gdp , high citizen rights , high quality of life countries . 
  it was more of a joke than anything else , although in the uk ( and by proxy canada/aus/nz ) the monarchy did play a role . 
  the signing of the magna carter restricted the monarchs power , and later legal changes also helped . 
  which in turn pushed the country onto the path it took to get where it is now . 
  in france for example their kings where so bad they had to revolt . 
  there is always a silver lining . 
  plus they actually have things in them . 
  most of the top countries in the world have monarchies , so there must be something in it . 
  uk/canada/australia / nz/sweden/denmark / norway/netherlands/belgium , luxembourg and japan . 
  i thought ` your highness ' was also used for regents , that or blackadder has lied to me . 
  how short is your monarch ? 
  that second chair looks very low to the ground . 
  damned , russians . 
  it 's their fault our aces look so bad in comparison !, 
  if you know them , i give a little wave , or a head nod . 
  or occasionally a hand shake . 
  wondering if it 's a germanic thing , german guy seems to hate it , the uk abhores it as does scandinavia . 
  ireland at the time was not controlled by the irish though so i was being somewhat loose with my terminology . 
  unlike scotland ( and now wales ) who are run by the locals . 
  a legitimate worry indeed . 
  i am glad we live in a country where independence is allowed , even if i want it to fail . 
  i honestly wonder what the country would look like today if ireland was given equal representation way back when . 
  perhaps the troubles could have been avoided for one . 
  yeah , a lot of english say the same thing about scotland to be honest ... 
  which is why we should be pushing to fix the issues not just giving up . 
  it benefits everyone to fix them and remain united . 
  ireland was never properly part of the uk , it was subjugated the entire time . 
  the uk proper is still going strong . 
  it would be akin to skane breaking off and going independent . 
  this is scary , seriously . 
  i do n't want to see the country break apart , fuck the tories and labour for pushing the scottish people away . 
  it 's more that due to non combined budget it 's hard to spend the money on things that matter , such as air supriority , missile defence systems and perhaps carrier groups . 
  well france and britain did try and give finland tanks/men during the winter war but russia took the northern ports and sweden/norway refused millitary access on the grounds it might piss off russia . 
  each individual country has a millitary and those combined makes one of the worlds most powerful millitaries , probably second behind the us . 
  however there is little to no interaction between them , which means drastically different levels of training poorly spent money and it would be difficult to conduct a proper defensive war without far more interaction . 
  plus a combined budget would mean we could actually afford to build a huge airforce , navy , etc. 
  at the moment all the smaller nations that can not afford it spend the money on troops . 
  it 's a ** defensive ** military alliance . 
  which means they should join nato to stop it happening to other people ... 
  i did read it but it did n't exactly offer any suggestions . 
  if there was some easy route out it would have been taken , the current situation is extremely sensitive . 
  the only way you can help the ukrainian people is either a ) move them , b ) arm them , c ) kill the invaders , d ) negotiate peace . 
  a ) clearly wo n't work , b ) or c ) threatens to increase the violence and spread it else where and d ) has so far proven impossible and encouragement through sanctions is underway . 
  honestly not sure what else you can do . 
  well short of up and shooting the russians what can you do ? 
  the international community has enacted sanctions and is working to remove reliability on russian gas ( after which sanctions will be far more effective ) . 
  the last option we have if arming ukraine , which is seen as a serious escalation , although we have had these in the past without nuclear war kicking off so perhaps that is the answer . 
  my mistake , re-reading your comment i am not sure how i missed that . 
  it was 2am so i blame that . 
  charon is so big the centre of orbit is actually outside pluto , meaning it 's more a binary dwarf planet system , rather then just a dwarf planet with a big moon . 
  what do you think the entire globe has been trying to do these past few months ? 
  are you reading the same reply as everyone else ? 
  there was no fear mongering in that post at all . 
  in fact it was the exact opposite . 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  expand eastward where ? 
  into russia ? 
  why on earth would any of the baltic nations or poland , all of whom are starting to benefit from being in the eu , want to start a global war in which they will without a doubt suffer extreme casualties , just to get a bit more land filled with russians who hate them and will revolt constantly . 
  which he is just spinning as the west trying to tread on russia , so needs to keep pushing to retain popularity . 
  there is always someone to whine about anything , the vast majority of complaints are about iraq , vietnam , toppling governments , bombings in yemen , etc. 
  afghanistan is starting to get more complaints because we have been in there so bloody long . 
  there where very few complaints when it begun .
