  it would make more sense for her vote to be given to someone else , in her stead . 
  say your mother , or father . 
  that way she maintains her voice without having to make decisions she is incapable of doing . 
  it does n't really work that way . 
  it 's much easier to know you need to know things once you have already had the education . 
  during wwii the uk defended ireland . 
  this is n't out of the goodness of our hearts but ireland could easily be used as a staging ground for invasion into the uk . 
  ergo ireland does n't need a military because the uk has to defend it . 
  the same applies to iceland to an extent . 
  it 's too important to let fall into enemy hands so during wwii was invaded and occupied by britain . 
  assuming russia is the only real enemy around the exact same thing is true . 
  no fair !, 
  we do n't have half a continent to work with and canada as a neighbour . 
  if it 's going to effect other trade deals then sure , which is why i said there has to be a reason to pay . 
  if it 's just petty , ` you have to pay to leave ' then i see little reason to honour it . 
  in 10 years you will remember this conversation and cringe . 
  right ... do you actually think you are being offensive ? 
  it 's really common in the uk and very popular due to being so thirst quenching and you can have a couple of pints without having to take a taxi home . 
  lemonade and ale = bitter shandy lemonade and lager = lager shandy . 
  it 's actually really tasty , we also have tops , where 3/4 of the drink is ale/lager and the last 1/4 is lemonade . 
  i 'll take that as a no . 
  when someone owes you # 5 they have a problem , when someone owes you # 1b you have a problem . 
  that was n't an answer . 
  unless there is some reason for us to pay why would we ? 
  if it 's more beneficial not to pay , than to pay , then you do n't pay . 
  it depends if they bill is worth more or less than any potential lenders refusing , or any potential legal action that can not be ignored . 
  lol what ? 
  have you ever read any european history ? 
  that is n't why supermajorities are used , it 's to prevent whim on the day making a difference . 
  how are you impressed with this crap !? 
  the entire referendum was done as a political gamble , the campaign was bungled and stuffed with lies , the chief leavers all quit as soon as the result came in , labour said in no uncertain terms ` our red line is leaving the single market ' , then promptly ignored that , the vote never mentioned leaving the single market in the first place , which now means over 50 % of the voters are not getting what they wanted , and you are impressed by them covering their arses rather than accepting they made a mistake ? 
  holy shit . 
  why would we bother paying in that scenario ? 
  wo n't be hard , just blame the eu . 
  so ... every election ? 
  yeah , i do n't speak vampire , was confused . 
  `` the uk is insignificant in the grand scheme of things '' seriously ? 
  way to over exaggerate , the uk is a huge global economy on of the largest on earth , it has more non military influence than almost any other nation , it has a permanent seat on the un , one of the largest militaries around and houses london the largest financial centre in the world ( along with new york ) . 
  the uk is far from being insignificant . 
  honestly i think for the most part the eu is doing fine , but needs more social programmes . 
  things like eurovision are good but obviously not just for the eu . 
  the european space agency has seen success but again that is n't actually an eu thing , and the billion euro science projects are amazing but most people do n't even know they exist . 
  there have been suggestions of an eu style bbc , no adverts , ` free broadcasting ' across the eu and paid for by eu funds . 
  with so many people in the eu that is very little per person . 
  perhaps eu funded projects could require signage saying where it 's from , or perhaps we need more major change so people feel more involved . 
  the euro elections are an absolute joke here , almost no-one votes and those who do are inevitably anti-eu as they are the only ones who care . 
  it 's an incredibly difficult situation . 
  this is n't about facts ( remember gove `` we have had enough of experts '' ) , or people on reddit solving the refugee crisis . 
  this is about image , and what people see institutions doing . 
  our media is absolute turd , it focuses only on the negative . 
  which means all people see is ` mass sexual assault in germany ' , ` merkel welcomes refugees ' , ` sex ratio in sweden now worse than china due to immigration ' , ` hundreds dead in terror attack by someone who pretended to be a refugee ' , ` eu imposes austerity on greece ' , ` greek economy is getting worse ' , etc. 
  i think what merkel was saying is great from a humanitarian stand point , however from a social one it was atrocious !, 
  immigration has been a major issue for years and she made it 10 times worse just before the referendum . 
  the eu 's image is poor , this was made all the more evident by areas of england and wales who receive the most eu funding voting out by a large margin . 
  the average brexiter does n't think trade agreements are going to suffer , they see a strong country , 5th largest economy on earth and an eu causing sex ratio 's to skew , mass sexual assault and the piigs eurozone nations imploding . 
  people remember the negative over the positive . 
  it was our crappy remain campaign that failed to put up the good points , but it was the eu 's crappy policy 's that allowed the failings to be hammered home . 
  that is assuming those are the only two options , which they are n't . 
  alternatively eu funded camps could have been setup in greece or italy , rather than just dumped on them . 
  the eu could even have setup camps forcibly in syria or north africa preferably under un supervision until the area is stable , though obviously that would be a rather contentious matter . 
  the fact is though millions of people came flooding in , and where not properly taken care of , so we end up with places like the jungle in calais . 
  couple that with the multitude of major events such as the new years events in germany and various terror attacks , and to the average joe it just looks like major failing . 
  it ca n't be much of a surprise . 
  wwii was one of the few wars with fairly clear ` good guy/bad guy ' lines . 
  russia was firmly on the bad guy side , so people tend to downplay involvement . 
  `` everyone refused '' nope , if everyone refused we would have blocked all incoming immigration . 
  merkel in particular was very pro immigration as was sweden . 
  trying to blame the uk for refusing and making co-ordination impossible is flat out laughable . 
  it was that difference in opinion coupled with open schengen that caused the refugee crisis in europe . 
  millions coming in and just walking to wherever they want . 
  it panicked people and so they voted leave to avoid it . 
  if the eu did n't fuck things up so regularly brexit would n't have happened . 
  now i think we should stay in and try to fix those issues , as do the majority of europeans , however sadly a slim majority in britain think leaving is the best option , as do many tens of millions of people across europe , and rising . 
  yes , that was the joke . 
  i 'm not giving it back !, 
  last time i checked the us led coalition into iraq also included poland and the netherlands but we are just ignoring that one eh ? 
  the shitty handling of the refugee crisis is what caused brexit to pass , immigration was the number one ` issue ' with the eu . 
  how it happened is largely irrelevant , how it 's handled is what matters as it shows what the eu is made of . 
  the eu failed . 
  now we are paying the price . 
  if the eu keeps fucking up , other countries will leave . 
  probably because as usual the story is a lot more complex . 
  everyone played a role , russias contribution was sheer numbers , the deaths occurring due to their staggering incompetence thanks to stalins purges . 
  the soviet union should n't have suffered anywhere near that level of casualties . 
  however it also should n't be understated , the numbers of deaths is flabbergasting and the horrors they went through to defend their land was immense . 
  the same can be said however for everyone else . 
  russia was just a whole other scale ... 
  the uk 's contribution was critical and calling it a ` minor ' role is just ridiculous . 
  the uk defeated the luftwaffe and the german navy preventing resources being imported , allowing the bombing of factories and cities , reducing morale and preventing production . 
  the uk took the oil fields cutting the fuel going to the eastern front and took part in the lend-lease ( without which it 's likely the ussr would have been knocked out completely , or at least lost moscow ) . 
  and that is still ignoring the input from spy networks , and the simple fact britain was the only remaining free nation to stage d-day from . 
  the saying ` russian blood , british intelligence and american steel ' exists for a reason . 
  although even that leaves out the input from everyone else . 
  things like the enigma cracking , the french resistance , etc. 
  you ca n't put a number on ` who did the most ' as without russia britain would have been fucked , and without britain , russia would have been fucked . 
  russia started wwii along with germany by jointly invading poland , ( as well as finland ) it seems to get glossed over a lot for some reason . 
  fuck that , i do n't want the us colour , i want to keep my sexy burgundy one . 
  the british government did n't make up the referendum vote so what exactly has it got to do with this ? 
  the refugee crisis has nothing to do with the voters either . 
  you are mixing up different things , the government and the voters .
