  oh god , i must play eu !, 
  if you can split the world between lancaster and york i will give you a thumbs up . 
  you played a game where germany formed ? 
  i have never once seen that . 
  i was just reading the post further up on the united austraian empire . . kinda want to build that now . . 
  are you the river severn ? 
  that ... would be even weirder than a french/british union . 
  if you include gibralter , we boarder spain too . 
  to paraphrase eddie izzard on empire building : the germans love building empires then they celebrate with a world war !, 
  lose it , and start all over again . 
  having played scandinavian countries a lot on europa i can confirm a unified scandinavia is awesome . 
  a frenchman and a german planning a union . 
  two posts later you are both plotting in invade belgium and luxembourg . 
  have to say that escalated fast ... 
  not to mention the whole cyprus thing . . /, 
  well i am basing my argument on an article i read a while ago in i think new scientist . 
  it mentioned that different countries have different education systems , and although they teach the same things , they also teach different ways to veiw an issue . 
  be it , logical , or mathematical . 
  different countries try to resolve problems using different systems , such as building machines larger and more robust , or smaller and more complicated . 
  if you bring people together who have all different methods you can tackle a problem using many different systems . 
  or of course just argue for months !, 
  ah , sorry i was not clear . 
  i did n't mean in ireland but rather outside . 
  i am currently in australia and of all the different nationalities the irish seem the only hostile ones . 
  chances are it 's just bad luck bumping into them , i would not assume the majority is like that . 
  in fact another group of irish where great fun to talk too . 
  well ... 
  i have met a fair few irish who seem to have an irrational hatred of the english , they seem to the current generation is responsible for the potato famine and other turd like that . 
  then again we have the same sort of people in each country ( except wales where everyone is nice ) . 
  i can certainly see where you are coming from , wars on a large scale without doubt boost innovation , but if we want truly huge jumps we need to get along . 
  think colonisation of mars level projects , that needs peace and a joint effort by the esa and nasa which we can not do while arguing over mudane things . 
  unification done properly would massively boost our income , take the us as an example if they where not putting most of their budget into the millitary it could be going into research . 
  europe has had its wars and learnt its lessons , with the same output being funneled into more european endevours such as fusion , science output , renewable energy sources , humanitarian projects . 
  that money has to go somewhere , as long as we do n't let our system go the way of the states and corrupt itself there is no reason for stagnation . 
  one if the reasons behind the increase in tech output is due to cross country co-operation . 
  by having people from different cultural backgrounds you can see problems from different direction , and thus tackle them easier . 
  i think that particular advantage is uniquely european due to the thousand different education systems . 
  of course a unified europe may consider a more homogenous system but in the uk we have more than one and it works well . 
  supposedly as you get older you get more conservative . 
  so far i have been getting more liberal by the day . 
  5 years ago i would have soffed at the idea of a federation of europeans , now ... well humanity can not advance while there is internal conflict . 
  the complete unification of europe into a federation would change the face of the planet , not for nothing does the saying go ` the whole is greater than the sum of it 's parts ' . 
  some say why should the wealthier countries pay to fix the poorer ones , well it 's simple if we boost them up , fix the issues causing them to be poor , then a few decades down the road they will be putting in more than they take . 
  think of all the potential !, 
  europe has and does produce some of the worlds most revolutionary inventions and theories . 
  should a union form i belive the uk will opt out , temporarily at least , before joining later when it becomes more obvious to the population that it 's a good idea . 
  with the vast collection of cultures and ways of looking at the world , yet still having the same core ideals , europe is poised to create a system that can do anything . 
  well i figured that was where the jab was aimed ^ ^, 
  actually i am working in australia but had to get up early . 
  stupid sun mocking me , it 's christmas damnit !, 
  wish i was sleeping ... 
  the entire point in writing papers is to further the knowledge of human kind . 
  if you write them in obscure languages no-one will read them and they are essentially pointless . 
  i am not trying to bellittle minor languages they are fascinating , but international publications ideally would all be in one language , but for now a few will do . 
  yea ... endearment . . 
  clearly you have never heard rule brittania , it clearly states britons never will be slaves . 
  suddenly it all becomes clear . 
  i suppose they count . . wasps are skinheads with bats , bees are cricketers with bats . 
  never played europa ? 
  everyone knows catholicism is yellow and islam is green !, 
  to summerise : * germany - a book * hungry - cigarettes/hard drive * france - wine/baguettes * sweeden - a big wooden horse * britain - tea bags/a flag/trousers/a museum * finland - a knife * switzerland - gold * canada - a gun * netherlands - weed * italy - recipes, 
  you could bring a bow/crossbow , easy enough to make arrows/bolts for . 
  i have grown up in the countryside for my whole life , leaving doors open , not locking anything and no worries . 
  moved to cheltenham for uni and got robbed 3 times in 3 years ... 
  i guess thats why we have insurance . 
  could get one of those chairs with a fridge built into the arm rest . 
  whats wrong with wales . . 
  i love that country definatly high on my list of places to move . 
  although now i think about it , i am not sure how much there is to do . 
  also the uk !, 
  although technically we have adders . . though as an adult the venom is so slow acting you build up immunity to it before it kills you . 
  yea i thought that , then i took a trip to oz , the wages here are 3x what i was getting at home , and less tiring . 
  go to perth and jobs are 4 or 5 times the wage . 
  obviously things cost more , but even so i am finding i can buy a hell of a lot more stuff and now i am even paying rent rather than bumming around my parents house or in uni accommodation . 
  perhaps he has scottish ties . 
  thats your reply ? 
  seriously ? 
  you whine that tax is taking away your income , i point out thats it 's not being taken away but being disatrabuted to pay for stuff you use , and you say ` duuuuuuh ' as a response , as though i am the one making no sense ? 
  it 's like refusing to give up your frying pans during the war . 
  a dick move , everyone else is trying to help you refuse ` because they are mine ' . 
  lets assume your statistic was literal and france took 75 % of his entire earnings . 
  he would ' t be working 3 hours for free . 
  those three hours of wage still go toward his life . 
  they go toward his free education and free health care , his toll free roads and free police stations . 
  it goes toward his librarys , his saftey and welfare . 
  it pays for his countries defence , it subsidises the food he eats and it pays for the technology he uses . 
  the more you pay in tax the less you pay in everything else . 
  refusing to pay is just stealing from everyone else , nothing more and nothing less . 
  it is a comtemptible and arrogant thing to do . 
  personally i always sit at the back , and most of the busses i get on people tend to congregate toward the back/middle . 
  is the front really that popular elsewhere ? 
  no , but have you heard most people talking ? 
  excessive use of the word ` ai n't ' , saying coz instead of because , using the word elevator waaay too much , as well as airplane . 
  scandinavians ( or at least the few i have met ) tend to actually speak english properly instead of using huge amounts of slang and abbreviaitons . 
  my ignorance is showing again is n't it ? 
  well in my experiance you are correct though ... 
  my friend and i have a food based theory . 
  every meal tastes better with baked beans assuming there is no other sauce . 
  every dessert tastes better with custard . 
  i 'm sorry what ?
