  at least we have star wars to look forward to . 
  well if that 's true it 's new information to me . 
  still breaks down to 1 event though , which is n't indicative of the entire countries reasons for voting . 
  she intervened in an argument , it 's not like she was hunted down and killed for her views . 
  i 'm not saying they are not indicative of trends , i 'm saying the brexit vote was n't an attempt to oust eu citizens , and basing that opinion on small group of racist fuckwits it 's just as moronic as they are . 
  just because a few people voted like that does n't mean that any meaningful proportion of the population thinks so . 
  a tumour kills you 1000 people in 64million being dicks does not , those analogies are miles apart as well you know . 
  the murder had nothing to do with racial hate , do n't try and drag unrelated things into a conversation to . 
  a 40 % increase is n't good but it 's nothing to worry about yet , the numbers are still tiny . 
  a 40 % increase from a small number is n't anything , that is basic statistics . 
  if we have 10,000 people and 10 people committing crimes a 40 % increase means 14 people are now committing crimes . 
  or 0.10 % changes to 0.14 % . 
  britain is world renowned for social progress , i do n't see us throwing out loads of citizens ... 
  no it does n't , it went up to about 1000 crimes , in a population of 64million . 
  that is a negligible number of morons , and whilst some certainly wanted to get rid of eu citizens the vast majority had no such desires . 
  the uk is # 1 in soft power , or was until brexit probably 2nd again now . 
  should have got the leonardos workshop , tsk tsk, 
  no , but it was an example , it 's going to hurt come countries more than others , and if everyone groups up to make a decision that damages say poland , belgium to make a point it will have ramifications later on and spark resentment . 
  can you really use percentages though ? 
  surely different areas/countries in the eu are going to have higher exports . 
  if one country for example had a huge percentage of exports it wo n't care than it 's only 8 % of the eu total . 
  finland is , in the same way the uk is . 
  we held a referendum for those who wanted to leave , i 'm sure finland would do the same . 
  stolen is a very loaded word . 
  many of the artefacts have been donated from collection , bought ( such as the marbles ) or taken as soils of war . 
  unfortunately humanity has been kicking the shit out of one another forever . 
  as such right of conquest has been a thing for a long time . 
  the amount of things taken from war is obscene and impossible to redistribute . 
  dragging up the past benefits no-one , as it is the british museum and it 's other half the natural history museum are free of charge for anyone on the planet to visit . 
  it 's little recompense for those who lost things but at least they are not hidden . 
  the elgin marbles might be a special case though as their method of acquisition was frowned upon even at the time by the government , so i guess we will have to wait and see what happens . 
  that 's the problem with asking a massively broad question and only giving a yes or no answer . 
  we already have those . 
  learning about other cultures is a good thing and do a lot to encourage education . 
  most towns have a museum of local artefacts , but places like the british museum are globally known as repositories of human artefacts not just british ones . 
  of course not , but british , french , german museums are all stuffed with things from all over the globe . 
  take it away and all you have left is some very boring rooms . 
  emptying museums is not a good thing . 
  once the ball starts rolling it can be hard to stop it . 
  now we all pay , those that said no , those that where duped and those who had no say . 
  the only ones who wo n't get hit where those making the lies . 
  yeah i have no idea why any leave voter would want that , it 's just the same deal as before but now with less british influence . 
  or to put it in a sound-bite , ` less sovereignty ! ', 
  whilst i am a remain voter , we ca n't really pretend that simply asking someone to stay means change will occur . 
  there are major issues with the eu that need to be addressed . 
  you mean you are talking about that sort of reform . 
  every nation is going to want something different , which is why reform has struggled thus far . 
  unless you are seriously going to try and just use the uk as a scapegoat for all the eu 's issues . 
  my those are some lovely ankles i see . 
  but now we are not part of the team :(, 
  probably a good idea that way i wo n't be tempted to sexually assault anyone !, 
  wait so the uk votes leave in part due to the eu failing to reform and the response is the reform ? 
  you do know this whole comment chain is to do with papers like the sun spouting nonsense about immigrants ? 
  this is a post about a hate crime , ergo someone incited hatred . 
  wait you are french and spell it liter ? 
  i thought we got litre from you ? 
  i think people like being rustled , gives them something to complain about . 
  people are more like us than they realise !, 
  i did not know that , thanks . 
  figured everyone just used the french . 
  resistance to change . 
  that said it 's fully taught in schools now , so most people under 20 are pretty much entirely metricised with the exception of miles and pints . 
  honestly though the entire country knows metric , it 's used everywhere for almost everything . 
  i swear at this point it 's just pure stubbornness , a desire to be difficult . 
  also 0.5 l is less than a pint so you can sod off taking my extra beer . 
  they do n't even use imperial they use american customary units which are the same but a bit smaller , apart from some units which are the same ... 
  nautical miles and fathoms are used , maybe leagues . 
  hands are used to measure horses , so that is around 10 of them used frequently . 
  why are you spelling litre the american way when you are european ? 
  i thought it was litre as standard in most european languages , or is there another word for it ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's because we do n't vote for our pm anyway so in theory it does n't make much difference , though despite that everyone voting in the general election knows who will be pm if x party gets in . 
  i used to read books on quantum mechanics whilst working at sainsburies , never got ridiculed . 
  the anti-work thing is a decidedly lower class mentality and not something i have seen much of since leaving school /, 
  it absolutely does make it less politically binding , we just had a general election and voted for 75 % pro-eu candidates . 
  that does n't just get erased by an opinion poll . 
  of course , i 'm just saying do n't count out the uk . 
  british tanks are the best in the world or at least tied 1st , the dorchester armour has never been penetrated in combat . 
  ca n't comment on everything of course , but i was n't cherry picking , i was giving an example of something i know about . 
  this hypothetical confrontation is presumably fought in eastern europe , which would give russia the big advantage , unless the uk took aerial control . 
  to do that it needs control of the sea and sky , british ships have already been tested knocking missiles out of the air , and the rn can dominate the sea easily . 
  russia of course has numbers on it 's side , though british troops are far more effective man for man . 
  interesting thought experiment , i would guess a draw if we pretend nuclear weapons do n't exist . 
  keep in mind uk tech is substantially superior . 
  for example the type-45 's sonar is capable of tracking 1000 cricket ball sized objects at a time , at mach 3 . 
  even the us can not match that . 
  a divided europe has been the main agenda for britain for centuries . 
  it 's not too surprising there are a few left who think it 's a good thing . 
  you have a smell-o-scope ? 
  i know where you should point it . 
  damn straight , the immigrants are using all our nhs up so this way it 's fixed !, 
  votes leave and takes the cup with them !, 
  i proposed one way movement of people so people can travel into those countries to start businesses . 
  the whole point being work comes to those places , and crime going up would that not be normal for any non-eu nation ? 
  i would n't say most . 
  leave only just scraped a victory and half of them voted for other reasons . 
  there would be less not none . 
  you might be right though . 
  i think from a moral point of view it was the correct choice . 
  i guess economically it depends who you talk to . 
  [ that 's all we want ] ( https://foodpornuncut.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/game-of-thrones.gif?w=676 ),
