  i think the tories got around 36 % of the vote last election . 
  16 % in scotland . 
  as a european i can tell you i learned helf my euro geography from euiii and sporcle . 
  as for american geography ... well i know where canada is and could name plenty of states but their location remains a mystery for all but about 4 . 
  genetically none of the uk is , even england ( though it has a slightly higher rate ) is mostly decendant from the original population pre-roman invasion . 
  culturally though scotland , england and most of wales are anglo-saxon . 
  hence why scots is a dialect of english and not gaelic . 
  the highlands are , as are the orkneys and shetlands , the vast majority of the population lives in the lowlands though which are anglo-saxon , and include glasgow and edinburgh . 
  shut up , we need the italian food , have you been to the uk ? 
  fairly sure the uk does n't enslave people . 
  current the polls show around 48 % yes , so if you put your faith in them , then it will be a no . 
  however there is a 3 % margin of error so ... 
  i 'd like to see a very close no , so there is a better chance of changes being made nationwide , rather than just to scotland . 
  scotland is anglo-saxon not nordic ... 
  i am , which is why i put it in apostrophes . 
  the eu started as central/western europe and has expanded since . 
  i 'm saying the government is secular and the other institutions have survived simply because they are mostly non intrusive . 
  that said i would still make some changes to remove it . 
  we did n't steal those . 
  i do n't think . 
  edit : wait , yes we did , sort of . 
  australia/canada/nz are clearly european countries , they just happen to not be in europe . 
  they fit more of the ` european ideals ' than half of europe . 
  not quite the same . 
  being religious in government is a big no no . 
  tony blair had to hide his religion until after he left government . 
  just stick some barrels of air under the boat and you are laughing . 
  may i take a photograph of your gold yacht before it sinks ? 
  i really hope it as as good as alpha centuri , i loved that game . 
  though i still prefer civ 2 to civ 5 ... 
  sitting on over 1.1 k hours of eu4 at the moment , and i am sure that is low compared to many people . 
  exactly . 
  so scotland clearly is n't ` done with the uk ' if only 50 % of people support independence . 
  what about all the historians in the last two decades who do n't think it was a conquest ? 
  if the foreign power was invited over by the people and escorted to the crown it clearly was n't a conquest . 
  william was the king as demanded by the nobles , you do n't conquer your own lands . 
  it 's not about not taking people seriously . 
  it 's about recognising people can be easily manipulated into doing all sorts of things . 
  the state can fix this rather than just writing off anyone who has been unlucky enough to have been subject to extremeist influence . 
  i know as a teenager i know i was very right wing , then very left wing , now finally setteling on a political direction . 
  i hope so indeed . 
  the general trend for the past decade has been a drop in all types of crime . 
  bollocks , you do n't deserve a death sentence for being stupid . 
  people are easily swain toward different ideologies , for fuck sake look at religon . 
  what they need/ed was psyciatric care , not a bullet . 
  sadly people like you get to vote . 
  actually it 's the exact opposite . 
  more people are getting caught , which means the system is improving . 
  the dutch where invited over by parliament and even given escort to london , that is not ` conquered ' . 
  thank you . 
  keep in mind the pro-eu campaigning has not started at all yet and we have a few years before the referendum . 
  the eu has started making positive waves ( banning roaming charges for example ) that people can actually understand . 
  why would the line go straight across ? 
  it just gives scotland an even larger cut of the sea . 
  it should cut upward slightly if anything and end closer to the r. that 's not the point though . 
  those are uk waters not scottish , they need to be negotiated . 
  notice how denmark/germany and netherlands portion is split ? 
  those are not simple lines , they are drawn from negotiation . 
  the same will apply here . 
  the uk is n't ` really likely ' to leave the eu , even if it does that will be in 2017 or later , whereas scotland would gain independence before that . 
  north sea oil is in uk waters at the moment . 
  upon independence scotland gets 12nm of sea as per un law . 
  the rest however is a little more shady . 
  there will be years of negotiations over who gets what , so scotland will likely get all of it if they have more barganing power than the uk . 
  seeing as scotland needs the uk 's approval to get into the eu ... do n't expect this to go down nicely , independence means pissing off 55 million people just to the south , who now have nothing to lose and everything to gain . 
  co-op has the worst ones . 
  `` put the item in the bagging area '' * puts * `` unknown item in bagging area '' * removes * `` item removed from bagging area '' fuck off !, 
  never use the automated machines in there anymore . 
  10 mins of that and no-one came to help . 
  yes but just look at the napoleonic wars . 
  for 6 odd coalitions we just floated around offing encouragement . 
  it was n't until number 7 we actually did something . 
  as long as the island is safe we do n't care . 
  there where no real attempts are territorial enlargement into europe after the hundred years war . 
  well that is dissapointing . 
  i work with several french folk and they are great . 
  it 's looking like surgeons will lose their jobs in a couple of decades too . 
  we have machines already doing a lot of the work on the table . 
  then there is the burger making machines coming out , automated tills are commonplace in most chain shops . 
  it 's a good time to be alive , unless you need one these jobs . 
  canada breaking the trend as usual . 
  how is that ridiculous ? 
  i consider myself british far more than i consider myself english . 
  the uk has always been slightly apart from europe . 
  not being on the mainland meant we only took part in euro affairs to weaken certain countries . 
  the major focus has been abroad for centuries . 
  we like you more than you like us , we win again !, 
  i thought they where both considered fairly good . 
  the ` rags ' are papers like the mail and sun . 
  i took your statement to mean you do n't want any defence treaties at all , and you 're fine with trying to fight off russia alone despite there being a horde of countries nearby willing to help . 
  why would you be fine with that ? 
  i could n't grow a beard like that if i tried . 
  i lived in australia for a while . 
  felt just like home , oddly i left home in the surrey hills and landed in the surrey hills in sydney . 
  are you bashing legoland ? 
  better than vb . 
  we have to pay for it though and it 's one of the key issues for scotland wanting to leave . 
  they are currently free to any eu national except english/welsh/northern irish people . 
  if they become independent this is illegal and they either have to charge their own people or make it free to everyone else in the british isles . 
  she is technically elizabeth the first in england too .
