  but you can clearly see ` scotland ' in that cloud ... 
  it appears to be looking for ireland . 
  well we actually already have one , it 's even called ` the bill of rights ' . 
  not to mention we wrote most of the european human rights act . 
  daft tories as usual . 
  thinking about it i just excluded everyone i know who is of south asian ethnicity but is fully british . 
  they do n't eat a lot of curries . 
  we could also enact stricter immigration laws for any non-eu citizens , most people seem to have an issue with immigration from outside the eu anyway . 
  in all fairness i have yet to meet anyone from south asia who does n't eat a shit load of curry . 
  not that , that makes it fine of course . 
  or replace the carpet as he said . 
  that is annoying , i do n't think grounds to block and entire group of people though . 
  the obvious one would have been to enact the immigration limits the government voluntarily turned down but the eu allows on newly joining eu members . 
  the argument is canada has a trade agreement with the eu but does n't have freedom of movement between the two blocs . 
  many brexiters want that sort of deal . 
  the echr is n't the only thing in the world to show respect for human rights . 
  who he hell is forgetting it , the damn thing was triggered this morning . 
  seems a bit insulting to them to compare the two . 
  it wo n't change , the flag is part of the uk and what is left would still be the successor state . 
  scotland does n't have the rights to the blue on the flag , it 's just the inspiration . 
  it 's not even the same shade of blue if i remember correctly due to the scottish blue not working at sea or something . 
  it was until 1966 ( 64 ? ), 
  when the borders of wales where officially draw up . 
  now it 's a fully fledged country like scotland/england . 
  you do know they just had one right ? 
  their right to self determination does n't mean they can just keep spamming referenda until one result is achieved . 
  unless there is good evidence to suggest it will pass this time ( there is n't at the moment ) i do n't think another referendum should go ahead as it 's just disruptive . 
  of course if polls suggest there is a good chance of it passing then it shows the people want it and it should go ahead . 
  oh yeah , totally the same thing - . -, 
  sure you can but without proper id you would be working illegally . 
  there is no evidence to suggest organic is healthier of higher quality than other crops . 
  if anything it 's the other way around . 
  monsanto is like the cinema . 
  they sell the crop ( film ) to the farmer ( cinema ) , the cinema can now make money off it , but does n't own the film . 
  i think in ireland they are fairly close , but people often say northern ireland is heavily funded by the rest of the uk . 
  i do n't know for sure though . 
  that 's more scotland than england to be fair . 
  it 's been nearly 3 decades and germany still has n't equalised . 
  nk/sk will take longer . 
  it 's led to almost all gm crops for a reason . 
  they are cheaper to produce for the farmer and there is n't high demand for organic foods . 
  it 's physically impossible to tell the difference between gm and non gm because not all gm taste the same , and not all non gm taste the same . 
  all you are tasting is different types of the same plant , how it is made is entirely irrelevant , not all crops which have a single gene spliced into them are going to suddenly change taste . 
  monsanto does not have a monopoly , and even if they did that would be illegal in the eu . 
  they are big in the us because they offer good products . 
  farmers love them , they just throw the seed down , and monsanto even sells them the pesticide which kills everything except the plant . 
  the issues we currently have are due to mono-cropping ( which is not recommended even by evil monsanto ) , and the us government heavily subsidising corn production . 
  just do n't be dumb enough to do that and it 's fine , if the agri-tech companies could lobby enough influence in the eu gmo 's would n't be illegal would they , so again another made up worry . 
  monsanto does n't sue people willy nilly , they sue people trying to steal their seed . 
  when you buy seed from an agri-tech company it 's good for one use , that is the agreement . 
  do n't like it , plant something else , like they where doing before . 
  if seed blows over the fence , monsanto does n't care , if anything it shows the farmer how good the crop is so they buy from them later . 
  sueing everyone would be entirely counter-productive . 
  if a farmer rents seed , and rents a tractor to save money why is it wrong for them to pay for that ? 
  if a farmer owns his tractor he absolutely can repair it , it 's his . 
  i ca n't rent my flat and just knock down walls and put new ones up . 
  i ca n't refuse to pay rent one month . 
  i 'm not sure where you are getting your information from but someone has told you lies . 
  well this is why i think we should judge based on the product itself not it 's manufacturing technique . 
  a lot of poor quality american food is loaded with corn syrup , which we do n't want . 
  so ban it based on the fact it 's full of corn syrup , not that the corn used it in was gm , because that is irrelevant . 
  we would still ban it even if all the hfcs was made organically , it 's still crap food !, 
  the fact gm is banned until proven otherwise means research into gm is highly limited because it 's almost garunteed to be a waste of money . 
  this anti-science approach is bad for everyone . 
  there is a type of gm tomato for example which is spliced with a snap-dragon plant so it creates anthocyanins ( a type of nutrient that turns food purple and helps fight cancer and metabolic syndrome ) , we do n't get enough in our diets so the plan was get tomatoes to produce it and that is 2 of your 5 a day in one fruit . 
  there is loads of other things we can do , including improving taste through genetic modification , but if you ca n't sell it because the eu has banned it , why bother ? 
  those are literally threads about the british empire . 
  just because you can travel freely between ireland and the uk , does n't mean you can travel freely from the uk to ireland then to france . 
  the uk/ireland require a passport to visit the continent . 
  well east germany still is n't on par with west . 
  where are you getting the idea that gmo 's are inherently low quality ? 
  there is nothing about modifiying a plant through individual gene replacement , that makes it worse than modifying a plant through swapping half it 's genes at once . 
  some of the most important gmo 's imo are things like golden rice , salt/drought resistant crops , bt brinjal and crops designed to work as vaccines . 
  gmos have got a bad name because the only ones we hear about are maize in the us , which is used to create hfcs , which is indeed crap . 
  interesting article , but literally nothing about monsanto sueing people once again . 
  it 's unrelated , mostly . 
  it 's a guy trying to sue his neighbour because contamination meant he lost organic status . 
  it certainly sucks that happened , and whilst i 'm not much of a proponent or organic food , it 's important people who do want to buy that crop do ( in the same way people who want to buy gm should be able to ) . 
  laws should be put in place to regulate and mitigate damage caused by contamination , not outright banning of either gm or organic . 
  you mean the dna strands we edited through selective breeding , and the environment we drastically altered/destroyed due to farming those crops ? 
  i was agreeing with you . 
  that article literally says `` organic growers/seed distributors ( osgata ) conceded that monsanto had never threatened to sue them . '', 
  your worries have never happened . 
  you are fighting against a made up demon . 
  you ca n't sue someone because their product blew over the fence , if everyone is so worried about this crap then make a law against it . 
  there was a story a while back about monsanto trying to sue someone for this , but it turned out the ` victim ' actually harvested the gm crop that blew over , and deliberately planted it so his entire field was gm without paying for the seed . 
  basically he stole it and that got sued . 
  what ? 
  why if you are not planting the stuff it 's not in your field . 
  cross-contamination of crops is already a thing , what difference does it make if your wheat field has some barley blown in , compared to your wheat field having some gm wheat blown in ? 
  with organic crops you are forced to use farm more pesticide , as well as using organic pesticides which typically are worse for the environment ( otherwise we would use them on normal crops ) . 
  it also means a lot more of the crop can die to pests so you end up with more environmental damage as more crop needs to be planted to make up the shortfall . 
  we do n't grow gm crops so how can you spot them just by looking at them ? 
  what evidence do you have that their taste is inferior ? 
  in the us where gm crops are most prevalent gm crops are typically restricted to soy ( animal feed ) , maize ( hfcs/animal feed ) , cotton ( clothes ) , potatoes , sugar beet and rape seed ( turned into oil ) . 
  there is no such thing as ` natural ' crops , they are all heavily modified by humans already . 
  wheat was invented in the middle east thousands of years ago . 
  our fruits have been deliberately modified to by high in sugar so we buy it , and can you seriously image a cauliflower growing wild in the woods ? 
  half our veg all descend from a single plant we have modified over the years . 
  gm just cuts out the middle man , sometimes the product will be naff in which case you do n't buy it .
