  old people are irrelevant , it 's the younger generations that matter and they are speaking english whether you like it or not . 
  sure there are areas where english is rarer , but when you have non anglo european countries with english literacy rates nearing or over 90 % it 's flat out indeniable . 
  english is increasing it 's dominance by the day not losing it so i do n't see why you think i would be flipping out . 
  london has been called the culture capital of the world a lot for good reason . 
  except it wo n't be will it . 
  everyone is learning english because it 's a more useful language . 
  it 's the single largest second language on the planet by a wide margin , and it 's totally untrue people do n't speak to others outside their region . 
  with the internet and crazy levels of connectivity talking to people across the globe is commonplace to normal , in recreation and work . 
  you are talking to me now !, 
  i have friends i meet commonly from greece , serbia , sweden , finland , norway , poland , bulgaria , netherlands , belgium , italy , albania , spain , canada , and denmark . 
  i 'm not an outlier . 
  a common language is important , and the ` best ' language is one that reaches the maximum audience . 
  except it is a big deal , that vast majority of the globe do not speak 3 languages , let alone one that is pointless . 
  english fills a role unlikely to get replaced . 
  mandarin is very complex , english is simple , people wo n't learn mandarin as a second language due to that reason alone . 
  it 's already saturated , it 's possible of course things could change but unlikely , trying to make something other than english the european language will just cause arguments . 
  the point in esparanto was a common language , german is too political so is french . 
  english is political as well but has the big advantage of already being global . 
  english is used in business in more than just small time sales , london and new york are the two largest financial cities on earth , both of which speak english primarily . 
  schools do n't teach american english , people just pick that up from tv , which is n't going anywhere . 
  english is so obviously going to be the language of europe i do n't really get what the argument is . 
  it 's the language of global business , not just na and the commonwealth . 
  aircraft use english internationally to communicate , universities in europe teach in english much of the time , people publish in english ( to reach more people and publish in higher quality journals ) , it 's the only language widespread enough to allow easy communication between ` everyone ' . 
  lets say we took up learning german as the eu language of choice , now you need to know french as your countries language , german as your unions language , and english as the international language . 
  what is the point ? 
  may as well just stick with french and english . 
  the more complicated you try to make things , the more resistance they get . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  we do n't want to be part of the us at all , but that does n't mean maintaining ties is a bad thing , or that is prevents further integration in europe . 
  we can do both at the same time , and it 's far more efficient . 
  sure they will , cars are almost entirely built by robots . 
  that is exactly why everyone should speak english . 
  it creates stronger ties with other regions , which is a great thing for research , education and business . 
  you might be right , i think the cat is already out of the bag , short term violence is not good but the long term effects could be devastating for everyone . 
  arrests . 
  since when do we take the actions of violent criminals as reasons to do things ? 
  you do n't risk killing yourself just to make sure a fact is true when all the evidence points on way . 
  i could jump off the cliff into the sea , it would be very cool . 
  i might get killed on impact but we ca n't be sure until i do it . 
  annoy eu -  make it impossible to do anything other than hard brexit -  hard brexit would be insanely crippling to britain -  blame eu for being meanies and do n't pas a50 -  keep going as normal in the eu . 
  and holyrood , being happy to abandon treaties , unions and ignore governing law , is n't a great message to send to a group of people you want to get into a union with . 
  that would be far worse than sticking with the uk though . 
  who would want to deal with scotland post unilateral independence ? 
  well they ca n't hold another referendum until after article 50 is triggered , and possibly until after the 2 year debate , at least i doubt the government would endorse it , the scots voted to remain , and voted to remain in the eu , until that actually changes there are no real grounds for a vote . 
  though if i were scottish i would be rather pissed off as the economy slides . 
  it 's not like they are blocking the referendum . 
  scotland literally just had one , and sure things have changed a bit but if we ca n't have a 2nd brexit debate after economic changes have occurred , it makes no sense to have a 2nd independence referendum due to economic changes . 
  of course it has , scotland is literally saying we do n't want you anymore . 
  it 's enough to hurt anyones feelings . 
  most countries that abolished their monarchies went through a period of chaos so ... no it did n't . 
  i 'm not sure exactly where you are going with that , but the uk 's ` constitution ' is a huge list of laws , not just a piece of paper . 
  so . . seizing lands ? 
  that is one hell of a pot to open . 
  one of the major reasons we still have a monarchy is because due to a few civil wars and revolutions we have installed a lot of rules around the monarchy which they have to follow . 
  due to this it 's hard for the monarchy to abuse it 's position and so we never ousted them . 
  i want some charles money , stamps and post boxes first . 
  that or they seize the crown estate . 
  no idea what would happen to it after that , at the moment you are free to visit most of it , hopefully it would stay like that and not get built on . 
  we democratically elected representatives who are a majority against brexit . 
  the uk was n't doomed though . 
  the assistance from the us allowed the liberation of europe not the saviour of the uk . 
  it 's those mistakes of which there are many which is causing the anti-eu sentiment . 
  an idea can be as noble as you want it to be , but if it 's poorly executed due to error bad things happen . 
  a unified military could be a really good thing , but seeing the issues the eu has had so far , if similar things occur people will literally die . 
  merkle made a bad situation worse . 
  your take on wwii is different to most peoples i feel . 
  you might have been thinking of france . 
  lets also not pretend it 's just britain holding back european integration , anti-eu sentiment is rife through the union due to poor management , policy and a failure to control the euro properly . 
  if the eu where doing well britain would have been far less likely to have voted to leave . 
  for example if the immigration crisis where not massively exacerbated by merkle then the odds if it passing where much lower . 
  the eu 's failings caused brexit , not britain just being difficult . 
  i have this feeling you do n't like brits very much . 
  all names are made up . 
  err . . 
  / facepalm, 
  hence , none of the above . 
  or have that at the top . 
  people already vote based on meaningless things . 
  as far as i know spoiling the ballot is counted as a not vote and achieves no more than not voting , so that is n't an option . 
  personally i think voting should be mandatory with ` none of the above ' as an option . 
  if i had to guess it 's because the uk has not left the eu yet , and until it has pretending otherwise is just foolish . 
  if something happens and we do n't leave then we will have shot ourselves in the foot . 
  i have no idea why the block on montenegro though . 
  not voting does n't only show you do n't care , it also shows you do n't approve of any of the current choices . 
  all we know for sure if less than a quarter of the voting population want the tories in . 
  25 % of the vote , 100 % control . 
  right wing does not mean anti-eu . 
  err . . 
  the uk is a world power . 
  it 's just not the world power . 
  no we have n't . 
  the last election was one of the most imbalanced in history . 
  despite getting less than 25 % of the vote , the tories took a majority . 
  the election made it quite clear people where sick of the current government , however the shitty system we have in place just made it worse . 
  you ca n't blame voters for that . 
  labour turned around and backstabbed everyone under blair , the public went for a coalition . 
  guess what happened ? 
  more fuck ups despite the public trying to change things . 
  then we got the tories in , then we got this election . 
  federalised , or something to that effect .
