  both are being severely hampered by the euro and the uk population is increasing . 
  means it 's time to roll out the gunboats again . 
  my dad was pretending to be chinese but that is about as bad as it gets . 
  i love presents , when i can afford it . 
  canada/australia and nz are culturally more similar to the uk that the us . 
  although parts of canada are incredibly close to the us . 
  it 's also not about mass media , which is of course important , but australia/canada/europe / uk/india all learn ` british english ' not us english which is confined to that one country . 
  the uk is still the worlds strongest [ ` soft power ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soft_power ) country . 
  well on the monarchy front , i actually like it as it plays a role in protecting our lands . 
  the crown owns a lot of land ( which is the peoples not the windsors ) , and by having it owned by the crown it does n't get sold off , built on or taken away from the public . 
  of course everyone is free to their own opinions , and i know several people who would like to see it abolished . 
  so if a new country where to get a democracy i would suggest not a monarchy , but at least an organisation that fills a few of the same roles . 
  i like the swiss model quite a lot , the idea of being able to vote on individual policies and force referendums the people want is appealing . 
  however it also requires very high education levels . 
  another thing i admire is australia 's mandatory voting , though without having an ` abstain ' option it 's fairly useless . 
  there is a strong sense of ` staying with the status quo ' in many countries , people are afraid to try new systems , or else those in power deliberately play them down rather than risking their jobs . 
  it 's something we need to get past to truly create a ` fair ' governing system . 
  well while the lords are the upper house , it 's the lower house that makes the laws , debates the laws and passes the laws . 
  they are the ones building these insane filters , ramping up education costs , cutting nhs spending , declaring war on countries and whatever other things they can think of doing . 
  i can not think of any specific examples but i have heard of the lords blocking bills that would have a negative effect on the population . 
  while they are non elected and yes it 's undemocratic , pure democracy does n't work too well anyway . 
  i guess they stay around because they work , why upset a system that is n't broken ? 
  same reason the monarchy is around , it 's not actually negative to the country so it 's not beneficial to remove it just for the sake of it . 
  there are changes i would like to see although all of them involve changing the house of commons rather than the house of lords . 
  concepts and appearances are important but i would prefer we tackle other issues first , otherwise the monarchy/house of lords becomes another front . 
  just fighting it for the sake of it , while ignoring the actual problems . 
  well the house of lords actually works quite well , the idea being because they do n't have to run for their seats they are free to actually do things that help the country . 
  i agree it 's probably time we got rid of the bishops as religion has no role in government , but the house of lords is n't really that powerful anyway . 
  i could be wrong but i believe if the same bill is passed to the house of lords more than once they have to let it through anyway . 
  it 's slightly ironic that the people that where democratically elected are causing the problems , while those who inherited the rights are not . 
  dumb cunt ? 
  nobility actually have no power at all anymore either . 
  there is still a class system but it 's based around income rather than titles . 
  many titled people live in normal houses or houses passed down , many have to open their houses to the public or they can not afford the tax . 
  perhaps you mean the ` eton/oxbridge ' crowd , many politicians all went to school with one another because they are the top schools and their faimilies are wealthy . 
  nothing to do with any of the royalty or landed gentry , but the same end result . 
  like they say , it 's not what you know , but who you know . 
  this has nothing at all to do with the monarchy , it 's just standard corrupt politicians which every country is cursed with . 
  the cameras have nothing to do with it either , i actually like them , they make you feel safer , and have proven to reduce crime in those areas ( though not overall ) . 
  makes no sense to make it illegal full stop . 
  who 's business is it if someone wants to have sex for money ? 
  lots of people work as independent escorts because they want to , it pays very well , it 's fairly easy work and it 's open to most people . 
  that link says the uk consumes 11.67 litres , but romania is at 11.30 ... 
  ah , but russia is so huge it becomes the war leader . 
  did n't bank on it , now 400k + troops are rampaging through spain , and a further 50k in britain . 
  well if you declare on france they call in russia , who in turn calls in the rest of the european powers . 
  tis a bad combo . 
  need to jump on them while they war with austria . 
  must happen eventually . 
  this is true , either way i need to find a way to break france first , i own most of spain but the french superblob allied to russia , who in turn is allied to austria/bohemia ( not a good war to get into ! ), 
  is proving rather dangerous . 
  waiting until we run out of provinces to colonise . 
  no point doing it myself !, 
  although half the continent will be the wrong culture ... 
  rookies , you are doing it wrong then . 
  ah , got portugal in a pu as england within the first 30 years . 
  it 's amazing , all they did was colonise , we now own all of north america and 1/3 of south america . 
  it 's all fermented fruit !, 
  i love this planet at times . 
  well canadians are british essentially so it would be odd if they did n't . 
  it 's like moving house , you do n't stop being part of the family . 
  i do n't think the natives enjoyed it though ... 
  we should n't be trying to reduce energy consumption , but rather make it green and more efficient . 
  increasing consumption is the sign of a healthy country more people with power , more things to use it on . 
  it would be cheaper to start automation and keep experiments running . 
  so long as there is no impact on the environment ( which there clearly is at the moment ) , it 's not an issue . 
  unless you mean use less energy to achieve the same results . 
  in which case i agree , but i think that falls under the heading ` efficiency ' . 
  i do n't see how using a different frequency gives the us an advantage . 
  if you can block one , you can block the other . 
  if anything using different frequencies makes it safer to use and less likely to cause conflict . 
  edit : okay after reading up on the gps thing , i can see the us 's point . 
  by using the same frequency they can not block access to everyone else without also blocking their own military gps . 
  meaning in times of war either everyone can see or everyone is blind . 
  galileo is not supposed to be an eu alternative , it 's supposed to be a global gnss system . 
  meaning in times of war it is blocked to everyone ( or no-one ) , and the eu would have to rely on the us gps system . 
  however the gps system can also be blocked while galileo is fine . 
  i do n't see why galileo does n't just have two frequencies of equal accuracy , one that can be blocked off ( global access ) and one that could be used only by a theoretical future eu military . 
  competitions , things like ` first to do this gets x prize ' . 
  this is why you work to make it cheaper , rather than give up . 
  to thee decimal points though . 
  no fair !, 
  our epic ` colonisation ' of india trebled the population and massively increased industry . 
  of course we then starved half of them to death then left after cutting the county into up a little , leaving them in the mess they have now . 
  other than that though it was all peaches !, 
  come back into the fold ... jooin usss . 
  now do one in english !, 
  it 's rather more complicated than that , and fyrom is it 's un accepted name . 
  all the greeks i know get angry over the naming due to the fact the fyrom is almost entirely outside of historical macedonia . 
  it 's possible there is some xenophobia there , but the only people i hear them complain about are albanians . 
  swear that sun like one was fyrom , guess not . 
  it 's only one ambassador though . 
  encouraging people is great , trying to punish people who do n't will not achieve the desired result . 
  if he did start charging people for advice , or stopping them from asking , people would start leaving spain . 
  which would impact relations and he would be fired . 
  why would they do that when they are making money ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  getting people to learn languages is a great idea , trying to do it once they are retired and just want to sit on the beach/mountains is not a great one however . 
  currently spain see 's a lot of retirees with nothing to do but buy houses and spend money , if they start to force people to learn languages or leave ( okay not exactly what is happening but people will see it like that ) , they will go elsewhere . 
  sometimes i just look at how things are run and want to kick someone in the nose .
