  you do n't think there is anything to show for the british empire ? 
  it gets glossed over because it was the nazi regime that begun the civilian bombings , and they where seen as necessary retaliation against a foe willing to do worse . 
  assad does horrible things to gain power , churchill ( mostly ) did horrible things because if he did n't those same horrible things would happen to the uk . 
  it was the bombing of rotterdam , coventry and of course the london blitz which removed any empathy at the time for the many germans who where not nazi 's . 
  looking back we can of course say these things where terrible , hindsight is 20/20 though , we ca n't put ourselves in their shoes . 
  not to mention the goal is n't to make everyone ashamed of their history . 
  i know most of the atrocities that occurred , does n't mean i 'm not proud of our history in general . 
  the british empire managed to beat all the rest of the europeans at their own game , all the more impressive considering england was a fairly small power at the time when spain and portugal had huge empires already . 
  it 's because although you did n't do it , you are still part of it . 
  being proud helps link you to whoever/whatever the source of pride is , if a countryman wins the olympics and you are proud it makes you happy , and makes you want to do more to keep that pride . 
  it 's a form of social glue . 
  it 's a very , very common trait , it 's pretty much a form of empathy , so uncommon not to have it . 
  i 'd be proud of my siblings if one of them did something impressive , i 'd be proud of my parents or other relatives for their achievements , because it bonds me to them . 
  by the same token i am proud when my country does impressive things and ashamed ( albeit less so , as we like to distance ourselves from negativity ) when we do things like brexit . 
  the same applies to the past . 
  people tend to cherry pick the good things . 
  why ? 
  i do n't want to be guilty of something i took no part in so wo n't . 
  i will however recognise the actions of the past and try to improve relations and understand the attitudes of others . 
  i do however want to be proud of my nations achievements , it builds national spirit , cohesion and improves general happiness . 
  who exactly are you hanging out with ... ? 
  mmm , no slavery was heavily fought against by the public , and people stopped buying slave produced goods as part of the campaign . 
  it 's not like using free labour was somehow too expensive to reap a profit . 
  yes to an extent , which is why countries often have foreign aid , and work to make up for the sins of their fathers . 
  yes , you compare to others and average at 100 , which in this situation would mean every country not conquered by idiots would have been near genius level , and those in the empire are eating soil for breakfast . 
  no , why ? 
  you can glorify bits , having to explain which bits every single time would be a pain in the arse , and deliberately assuming the speaker means they love all the atrocities is just dishonest the vast majority of the time . 
  of course they can . 
  a chip is a chip though not a crisp . 
  wonder what the etymology of that is . 
  a crisp is specifically a slice of potato crisped . 
  a chip is a chip of something . 
  it 's why when you make chips , you chip a potato . 
  right !, 
  i too like chips of pepperoni on my pizza !, 
  we should just start again and have everyone call them potato sticks . 
  traditionally we would pinch your name and anglisise it . 
  so smorebread !, 
  brits do n't grow on trees mate . 
  so sipsi is the translation of chip , and it 's used on both rice krispies and crisps ? 
  kill it with fire !, 
  also with chips and fried eggs . 
  sandwich by definition means stuck between two things . 
  to be sandwiched between two fat people on a train , you are not sandwiched if you are just voluntarily sitting next to a fat guy . 
  in english this would be x on bread/toast or bread & x. 
  for example beans on toast , or bread and cheese , sometimes the individual snack would have a name . 
  it 's not a sandwhich if it 's open . 
  poor lord gerald is spinning in his grave . 
  it 's just bread with things on , and the second one is n't really a sandwich because it 's sealed at one edge . 
  sandwich : bread / filling / bread, 
  ketchup is revolting , mayonnaise or tartare sauce is all that should be on chips . 
  also a dash of vinegar . 
  in what world does chip mean thin slice ? 
  wait what ? 
  nice way of putting it , but at the same time be careful , being dragged down is one of the major worries of the eu , as brexit just proved . 
  could you imagine the shit storm in the media if rights where revoked due to eastern european countries many are already sceptical about ? 
  to be fair the south voted heavily remain, 
  green = uncommon , blue = rare , purple = epic , orange = legendary, 
  sadly true , but then no other country has been daft enough to hold a referendum on the point . 
  it 's not like every other country would have no chance of it passing . 
  that was after the fact we voted in a pro-eu party , and all the leaders quit . 
  we did n't vote in a party who would leave the eu , the party changed rather than piss off the electorate . 
  poor show in my opinion . 
  and they got 37 % of the vote . 
  less than 25 % of the electorate backed them . 
  no , it 's actively used as part of english colloquial language . 
  then complain about that not whether or not people actually think millions of people are going to turn up . 
  ` half of ' is n't the offensive part though so complaining about slang is somewhat pointless . 
  it 's the content that matters , and indeed should be fought against . 
  i know it was disgusting . 
  i do n't like ukip but 12 % of people now have no representation in parliament . 
  consrvatives only got 36 % ( ? ), 
  of the vote and less than 25 % of the electorate . 
  lib dems and green where also under-represented . 
  20 % is still nowhere near ` the uk voted for ' . 
  to go supervillian and take over the world ? 
  no they did not have that resource . 
  then why are people taking it as a literal point ? 
  it 's very common british vernacular to grossly overstate or understate things . 
  ` half of romania ' is very basic slang for ` lots ' . 
  other common idioms : i could eat a horse drink a swimming pool it costs an arm and a leg . 
  err , we did n't either . 
  the conservatives did not run on an anti-eu platform , neither did labour . 
  the only party that did was ukip and got 12 % of the votes ( and only 2 seats in parliament ) . 
  do n't lump us in with those numpties outside london !, 
  borders really are a complex mess . 
  lol , no they did n't . 
  there was a brief period were they where the only ones with nuclear weapons but it was n't enough to do anything too stupid with . 
  then the ussr got hold of them , followed by the uk and france . 
  we should n't pretend poland is entirely innocent either , the scales where drastically different but poland also invaded and occupied czechoslovakia pre wwii . 
  i 'd be surprised if there was no looting there . 
  those flyers where an embarrassment , they even had syria and iraq highlighted in a slightly lighter shade of red next to turkey . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't really get what you mean . 
  shit someone is coming , minimise . 
  i was thinking of adding more but the list would have got too long and i was supposed to be working at the time !, 
  okay so he was a massive cunt , the famine still was n't an attempt to exterminate the irish though . 
  which means by definition it was n't a genocide . 
  eh , the reason it is n't usually called a genocide is because a genocide by definition requires an active attempt at eradicating a peoples . 
  this was n't the case in ireland , it was ` just ' serious callousness and no attempt to help . 
  they sound weird .
