  half the interviews with people are saying they want immigrants cut down on , polls suggest it 's the number 1 reason for brexit , but you do n't think the mass immigration from africa and syria had anything to do with it ? 
  just because something does n't have a discreet variable does n't mean it ca n't be given a measure . 
  happiness for example . 
  in this case it would be a general agreement from a group of people . 
  look at past events , and how they have shaped lives , and decide on that sort of criteria which nation has had the most influence . 
  rome is the only other one i can think of that comes close . 
  though the us has been making very large strides , it 's quite young still . 
  that 's the issue with the nazi example the empire lasted far longer . 
  of course it was , but so what ? 
  leave only just won , the refugee crisis was the straw that broke the camels back , not the sole cause of brexit . 
  there would n't have been a referendum if it was . 
  people are short term fixated . 
  when the leave campaign was in full swing all that was on the news was : ` eu fails as migrants rape their way across germany ' ` calais immigrants hiding in lorries to live in your garden ' what did you expect to happen ? 
  brb got some tv to watch . 
  it 's absolutely arguable , but name another one more so ? 
  being the largest empire meant a lot of influence . 
  places like rome would be strong contenders but only had a major effect around the med . 
  the british empire ` controlled ' 1/4 of the human race at one point . 
  things like the industrial revolution , evolution , abolition of slavery , etc. 
  are hugely important . 
  english is the lingua franca due to the british empire as well as the us of course which was founded by and to this day mostly run by british descendants . 
  scotland can not do that though it would economically destroy them . 
  yes , if the passengers can not see out the front window . 
  it was pretty poor timing . 
  well quite . 
  yeah , that is what i 'm doing - . -, 
  to be fair it ca n't be too hard to boost nationalistic feeling with these clowns in power . 
  hah , that will encourage independence i 'm sure . 
  the union of scotland and england created the single most influential country in world history . 
  now it 's about to be undone by david cameron , teresa may and rupert murdoch . 
  nope , he will be forgotten and may will take the blame . 
  cameron turned the wheel and put the brick on the accelerator , may sat at the wheel screaming whilst half the bus told her to take the brick off and turn the bloody wheel . 
  to be fair he would have got away with it if it was n't for the refugee crisis . 
  the referendum would have failed , we would have stayed in the eu and his political manoeuvring would have been impressive and a big boon for the tories . 
  not quite the same by the descendants of the normans still maintain most of the high positions in the uk . 
  well . . 
  i mean at least one government did respect their sovereignty . 
  mostly . 
  yes , but now it 's not just 28 countries it 's many many regions , which means many more people to appease . 
  ah no worries , i was just saying it was a thing , rather than it 's bad . 
  something to look out for and consider for any future deals . 
   are you saying the walloons should n't be sovereign ? 
  lol , what ? 
  where did you pick that up from ? 
  last time i was there someone tried to buy my shoes , and my friends have had to flee the country they were born in . 
  perhaps not the strongest example ? 
  they are not the same situation at all . 
  scotland already had a vote , it 's not like westminster is just refusing them one . 
  that alone will diffuse huge amounts of tension and remove any sympathy for violence from ultra-nationalists . 
  secondly scotland does n't have the same religious or cultural divides in it . 
  i 'm not , and i 'm sure they would . 
  however many scots would not ` balloon ' as they literally just had one . 
  many others would but how does it help if they still ca n't have a vote ? 
  guess i misread something , the theory is still there though , one region can block an agreement if it wants to . 
  apparently i got that one massively wrong . 
  not really , it might increase anti-government feeling but that does n't change the fact she ca n't declare independence without their permission . 
  you do n't think guaranteeing it 's break up is more likely to break up the uk than possibly breaking it up by blocking a second vote ? 
  yeah , then what ? 
  it 's not like ireland where people will get violent . 
  most will just go ` yeah i suppose ' and give up , others will shout about it for a bit then give up , yet more will start to ignore the snp for continually going on about the same thing , and of course some will become more politically active . 
  why not a third one ? 
  the effects of brexit will be felt then so things have changes again . 
  which still does n't help actually getting independence without them saying yes to it . 
  according to who ? 
  westminster gets to decide that . 
  it 's an example , wallonia blocked canadian free trade for years . 
  it does n't literally have to be the same area , but if scotland leaves and joins the eu whilst simultaneously another small region blocks a deal with the uk that means a mega drop in trade for the uk and scotland . 
  eh , you know westminster can just turn around and say ` no you can not have another referendum ' ? 
  i could n't pick out much of it , she speaks very quickly . 
  they have fairly strict rules to becoming a city . 
  for example i live in reading the largest town in the uk . 
  we have a population of nearly a quarter of a million and have been a settlement for around 1000 years . 
  yet have not been made a city !, 
  how have you got so many cities in france ... ? 
  are n't there requirements to define it as a city ? 
  there are only 69 in the uk . 
  you serious or . . ? 
  hard to tell with that flair !, 
  he is n't saying it 's fine , he is saying he was tried as a junior . 
  citizenry are not in charge of foreign aid , you 'll notice very little was done about the refugee crisis until it was on the doorstep of people and suddenly everyone can relate . 
  if you have only ever seen an animal on tv , and probably only ever will lots of people just would n't donate . 
  zoo 's often use ` adoption ' funding , where the person can go and see ` their ' animal in the park . 
  their job still exists though it 's just being undercut by people from elsewhere . 
  it 's not like the job has been automated . 
  well i sure hope not , seeing as the elected house is in it for themselves and the non-elected one is there for the country . 
  yeah that one . 
  people do n't like blaming their own government though . 
  honestly i do n't have the answers , but not having answers does n't make the criticisms invalid . 
  it 's much easier for people to point to outside issues , and similarly much easier to address . 
  we have an elected and non elected house you ca n't pooh pooh one . 
  what does being elected have to do with anything ? 
  now parliament is trying to put into place a failsafe and you are saying it 's a bad idea . 
  ` maybe we should drive off the cliff !, 
  there could be unimaginable wealth there ' ` okay why not ' you do n't get to the cliff edge , have a look and say ` well no wealth but we agreed on it ' . 
  it 's not democratic if one sides lies through it 's teeth and gives multiple options but only chooses one despite counting everyones vote the same way . 
  they do n't though . 
  it 's what you want . 
  if it convinced just 5 % of all leave voters your entire referendum was a sham and is not representing the wishes of the populace . 
  i 'm sure you know that but do n't care though . 
  fuck what people actually want .
