  despite the fact the jungle in calais proves otherwise . 
  just because they are not here , does n't mean people do n't react badly to it . 
  and that minister is a total moron , but since when do we take that out on the public ? 
  rush this and the uk seriously suffers , the working classes mostly . 
  then again the eu knows we wo n't invoke until ready anyway so could just be posturing , the same way cameron has been . 
  pander to the public . 
  no it 's not . 
  if people want out of the eu they need to know they can go peacefully . 
  if the eu tries to damage the uk it just makes the eu look like like a bully or weak , either way anti-eu sentiment increases . 
  the eu needs to let the uk go quietly , and hope it falters by itself . 
  thus proving the eu can be trusted as a system and that it 's necessary . 
  we all know 2 years is absolutely not enough time , these things can not be rushed . 
  you do n't think we have had any backing on any of the issues the uk has been criticised for over the years ? 
  i guess that is why every single member state is part of the euro apart from us . 
  everyone is in it for themselves , but those needs often align , it 's very uncommon for just a single country to have a problem with something . 
  we would all like to know what is happening , and of course it 's not the eu 's fault ( well not entirely , lets not pretend there was n't some substance behind the referendum ) , but that does n't change the fact that invoking article 50 now would cause far more chaos than can be handled . 
  unfair as it is , we have to wait . 
  the lack of sympathy for the half of the country who voted remain here is staggering . 
  it would be wrong of me to start resenting the continent based on reddit posts , but some people sure are trying !, 
  should and is , sadly are not the same thing . 
  from my point of view it looks like an ex told they are dumped and screaming to get out , we always hated you anyway . 
  no party is looking good here . 
  that is an interesting thought , i ca n't pretend to be an expert . 
  the eu is about doing what is best for it 's people , last time i checked the uk was part of the eu . 
  doing it 's best does n't involve trying to sink the uk which is bad for everyone , in and out of the uk . 
  treat the uk too harshly and you will foster resentment europe wide . 
  we ca n't afford more anti-eu sentiment after the recent cock-ups , the eu is important and should be protected . 
  this referendum is due to the eu , anti-eu sentiment is rife everywhere not just the uk ; we are simply the first to actually hold one . 
  merkels shitty handling of the refugee crisis in particular , has had a heavy influence on the voters . 
  cameron , farage , johnson and gove and hell even murdoch should be held accountable for this chaos , not the british public . 
  honestly , i do n't know what the eu should do , the people screaming the uk deserves this , and get them out asap , should shut the hell up though . 
  it 's just making those that voted remain start to dislike the eu . 
  if that is how you treat a member state , why the hell would all the others want to stick around ? 
  who said anything about the uk not having to follow the rules ? 
  ` until tuesday ' is n't time to sort it out . 
  it 's not even been a week yet , this could take months or longer . 
  i fully agree it 's not fair on the eu , but it would royally fuck the uk far more than the eu is suffering now . 
  if the eu does care about the uk they will wait and offer help . 
  if they do n't then why should we care about you ? 
  unless the vote is split between labour and lib-dems so the tories get in again . 
  av could have fixed it but that referendum was also shit . 
  we already have kick ass writers ... 
  the eu is n't a state though , as every other member is also paying . 
  well that is just not true . 
  the result of this mess directly impacts the eu , you ca n't cut off your arm and say you do n't care about it . 
  our leaving also swings the balance of power further toward germany and france , meaning less say for the smaller nations . 
  i 'm sure they will love that . 
  there is a reason anti-eu sentiment is at an all time high and trying to blame it on the uk simply wo n't work in the long run . 
  invoking it would lead to severe uncertainty in the uk . 
  both major parties have either fired their leader or he will be quitting . 
  ` we love you ' is hardly fitting when the eu s doing it 's best to see britain fail . 
  we are not the only ones who cherry-pick . 
  that 's the impression you are getting out of the eu from this ? 
  people do n't like being wrong , so tend to be happy to place blame rather than admit it . 
  it 's a human thing . 
  unfortunately we where daft enough to hold a referendum . 
  yeah , lets just stick the undecided and those who do n't feel qualified onto whichever number you feel like . 
  he has to ask though , now it 's the eu 's fault not camerons . 
  of course there is a german word for it . 
  bloody germans !, 
  sorry about the door mate , here buy yourself a new one . 
  i 'd love to say it would all be fine , but who knows where this mess is leading , already had a friends friend told to go home . 
  i actually meet up with a large group of wow friends in different places in europe . 
  i think we may go abroad for the next few , or stick to the south . 
  that is a very interesting thought . 
  i 've noticed hanging around with some friends from aborad i can not even hear differences in some of the words they are saying . 
  people keep touting that word as if that makes it okay . 
  i 'm guessing it varies a lot . 
  i have cousins who moved to south africa about 20 years ago and now have strong accents , and i know people from abroad who have lived here a long time and retained theirs . 
  it 's interesting she still has it after 40 odd years . 
  somewhat amusingly germany and britain where recently voted number 1 and 2 most popular countries in the world . 
  wonder how long that will last ... 
  i once got drunk and my friends and i tipped a barman 250 euros to prove we were not all shits . 
  seemed a great idea at the time , but i seriously regretted that the next morning . 
  still fantastic evening , just sat at the bar talking to the barman and random people , including a dutch fellow , 2 norwegians and i think an american . 
  i used to work on a building site and the anti-polish sentiment was common . 
  basically they undercut the competition and take a lot of the work . 
  local people can not compete , for example my house was built by 8 guys living in a caravan . 
  amazing job and really nice guys , but totally impossible for any local workers to compete . 
  hell , when your country is shaped like a dragon you can belong to whatever group you want . 
  we 're going to give it a go !, 
  we 'll report back to you in a decade . 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  you trust someone to find out the issues , usually based on what their intended goals are . 
  which should be easy to find out . 
  no it is n't , at all . 
  we elect representatives so we do n't have to do that . 
  but both the uk and france are also red , white and blue ... 
  fuck it , i 'm supporting iceland from now on . 
  this is ridiculous reasoning . 
  the av vote was a total farce , you absolutely can not blame the public for it . 
  except the pm is in the remain camp it was up to the leavers to decide and they did n't for whatever reason . 
  probably because they thought it would n't happen . 
  either way the cards are down , and there is no plan . 
  sounds like a great idea , lets make a decision of that magnitude in a hurry with no plans . 
  it 's not possible to just ` make up your mind ' within a few days of the referendum , plus its been the weekend . 
  i wish i knew , almost every expert said it was a bad idea . 
  i doubt it , the uk was n't the only brake it was just the most obvious , but hey you never know . 
  not your fault , but it is your problem . 
  not to mention the votes outcome is obviously the eu 's fault in at least some ways .
