  still can for around 2 years . 
  damn straight . 
  if a vote is so close it varies day to day , you ca n't just pick one day and so ` this will do ' . 
  this is why we have representatives to make decisions . 
  referendums are a moronic idea . 
  51 % is n't 100 % . 
  it 's barely a majority , the same vote in a weeks time could swing the other way . 
  the winky face and the portuguese flag did n't give it away ? 
  yeah , he is in denial ... a region that is both poor and has been in turmoil for decades , and another that literally just voted to stay . 
  it 's so obvious what is about to happen !, 
  somewhat ironic it was london and the south who voted most strongly toward stay , when they where considered the issue in the scottish referendum . 
  of course there is poles have undercut and damaged the construction industry quite heavily . 
  many people can barely compete for jobs . 
  i 'm not talking about those votes though , i 'm talking about the millions on the fence who have no issues and are voting based on the image of the eu they read about . 
  that image is poor management of immigrants and treating those in a bad situation with punishment . 
  whether it 's true or not is n't the issue . 
  plus visuals are important , it 's hard to point out a pole next to a brit . 
  sorry , it 's hard to tell if people are serious or not through text . 
  of course , but it 's not a good thing . 
  scotland and england are not two different countries in the traditional sense . 
  families will be split by borders and it will be a nightmare for a huge number of workers . 
  i know i just said that . 
  it might be able to , but would require a border to be put up between scotland and england . 
  there has n't been a border for 300 years . 
  if the immigrant situation would n't have been so shittily handled by merkel this would n't have happened . 
  it 's obviously not all her fault but she pushed it over the edge . 
  people vote based on current things they can see , the majority are not voting based on the economy , but on how they see the eu handle situations . 
  the total cluster fuck that is greece and the syria influenced a lot of votes . 
  in the event of the eu being a dictatorship i totally agree , but it would n't be . 
  equal representation and all that . 
  that said some us states do substantially worse than others , which is a genuine concern , perhaps legislations forcing spending to be fairly and equally spread would solve that issue . 
  supposedly the eu forces us to spend more on wales ( which is a good thing for all of us ) , where as before it was heavily ignored . 
  money makes things easier , it does n't mean it 's all that matters . 
  `` better be your own country , worse of economically , than accept a foreign force as your ruler . '', 
  why though ? 
  foreign does n't mean bad . 
  the whole point in a federated state would be to each region still has representatives and power to change things for the needs of those few . 
  plus , who knows maybe he first head of state will be romanian . 
  a federated euro-zone would be a good first start with the eez still functioning for the larger collective . 
  others can join over time . 
  i honestly do n't think geographic location matters . 
  i 'd love to see canada join the eu at some point , it 's been floated about as an idea before . 
  europe 's borders are drawn along religious lines indeed . 
  just look at georgia and armenia . 
  the leave campaign is using miss-information , if the remain crowd tries to take the high road here we will just lose . 
  i 'm not saying lie but a little propaganda is n't so bad . 
  plus telling everyone you have support from outside is part of that informed decision . 
  doubt it . 
  big islands are different . 
  yeah , me too actually . 
  never in my life have i heard anyone suggest the scots are a better looking bunch than the english . 
  i 'm confused , you think people are supporting the murderer ? 
  i 'm sure where you are from people are far too smart to listen to the news . 
  it 's like when the bnp used a picture of a spitfire but it had a polish squadron number . 
  no , 36 % of the votes . 
  less than 25 % of the electorate voted tory . 
  i do n't recall there being an english referendum . 
  i 'm not sure they can so soon . 
  it would be ignoring the democratic process to just keep spamming referendums until they get what they want . 
  scotland is part of the uk you know they will be out with the rest of us . 
  they literally just voted to stick with the uk and it 's collective decisions . 
  so does the uk , it 's not stopping ours from spouting nonsense . 
  i heard one brexiter banging on about ` we should leave because cameron said turkey wo n't join the eu , and cameron is a liar ' . 
  plenty of small countries are doing fine outside of the eu , that wo n't stop the nationalists . 
  hah , yeah because voters in denmark are of course much smarter . 
  is n't denmark pretty much the same percentage of ` vote leavers ' ? 
  in reality it really is n't . 
  the food scene here is superb . 
  jumping from ` your food is bad ' to genocide is n't satire . 
  jokes about others need to have some basis of either fact or stereotype . 
  for example the fish in newspapers works , even the ` they all look like men ' to an extent , as ugly women has been a stereotype for a while . 
  other jokes just did n't make sense . 
  tactical retreat is better than losing . 
  dads army is on the bbc because it 's funny , no other reason . 
  the simple presence of the jungle in calais should be evidence the eu is n't just letting tonnes of refugees pour into the uk , but it does n't stop the complaining . 
  i 'd share my walnuts with you if you were here . 
  clearly you have never had roast pork , with roast potatoes , roast parsnips , broccoli , carrots , stuffing , bread sauce , gravy and a massive yorkshire pudding . 
  followed by an eton mess . 
  black pudding is lovely damnit !, 
  especially with beans and chips . 
  denmark and sweden are the only pair of countries to have more conflicts than france and england/uk . 
  says sweden ... 
  evolution is a scientific theory . 
  meaning it is correct , but it 's possible/likely things could/will be added to it . 
  that currently only applies to extreme physics , quantum scale ( though quantum mechanics is the most accurate physics there is ) , gut and dark energy/matter . 
  i know hence ` practically ' i think the term came from the boer war . 
  pff , we practivally invented concentration camps in the boer war . 
  not sure they can , you ca n't just keep having referendums every few years until you get the result you want . 
  perhaps they are bi ? 
  liking dick actually does n't make you gay though . 
  it 's a pretty strong indicator but not a requirement . 
  i suspect wales representative is elizabeth . 
  i like this idea , assuming of course ` non of the above ' is on the ballot or just spoiling it is fine . 
  i 'm afraid i have not seen it so could n't comment . 
  i 'm sure there are examples but i do n't consider it a trend in british cinema to take credit for others actions . 
  is n't it am american film though ? 
  but ... london was the greatest city on earth for a fair while . 
  i think there is more of a bias toward british involvement with the enigma but the polish work was most certainly brought up during my education . 
  next up humanities !, 
  art , will be big i think .
