  toad in the hole in particular . 
  both very tasty though . 
  yeah that was rather embarrassing , but historical pardons are rather less important current laws which i guess is why it took so long . 
  that or people where against pardoning people for past crimes , even if the crime was unjust , but who knows . 
  romans did n't conquer england because it did n't exist , but yes the normans did 1000 years ago . 
  i meant during the period of colonialism , the same can not be said for many nations in europe . 
  we did however borrow the french words !, 
  due to nobility being norman we took the french word for cow and used it to describe the meat . 
  which is why we eat beef not cow , and pork not pig . 
  i really want a melton mowbray pie now ... 
  do n't worry , i 'm only platinum at the moment but i 'm sure i 'll be ready for the next overwatch world cup . 
  i found whole kidney in a pie once . 
  never again ... 
  tried eating liver as well but i do n't like something about it . 
  i used to poke fun at my german housemate for eating lots of sausages . 
  until that was she pointed out i actually ate more of them than she did . 
  ruined all my fun . 
  i 've not met any brits who travel much who say they do n't feel european . 
  it 's just daft , i have friends all over the contient and we meet up regularly in different countries . 
  we are pretty much all the same , i feel closer to swedes than i do americans often , depends on the swede and american in question of course . 
  babbage , turing and bool where all british . 
  entirely invented by britain maybe not but brits where critical . 
  the key here is to blame other people or say it 's not a genocide . 
  for example : ireland - not a genocide because it was n't a deliberate attempt to kill the irish , it was just lack of caring . 
  india - see ireland australia - the aussies killed all the aborigines blame them !, 
  not really , the ottomans conquered athens and then sold them to lord elgin . 
  by law that makes them british as the owner sold them , however morally speaking ... 
  i believe the raid of the medway was the greatest defeat in royal navy history . 
  still we got australia , nz and south africa so / rasp, 
  i 'd say be proud of it , just do n't only focus on the negatives and learn from the horrors . 
  the empire is n't about beating up weak nations . 
  it was about establishing britains place in europe . 
  a continent full of the most powerful nations on earth . 
  not only did england ( later britain ) manage to remain unconquered , it rose up , took down spain and france as the largest most powerful nation on the continent . 
  the empire existed through conflict against strong counterparts , ranging from the early beginnings of drake robbing the spanish floatillas , the defeat of the spanish armada ( lets not talk about the english armada ) , all the way through to the defeat of germany in wwi and the nazi regime in wwii . 
  it oversaw the abolition of the atlantic slave trade , abolition of piracy on a near global scale , pax brittania greatly helped with european peace ( defeat of napoleon for example was greatly helped by the presence of the uk , as was the survival of belgium ) . 
  all the wealth coming in allowed science to flourish , which led to all sorts from the theory of evolution , newtonian physics , the invention of the computer and boolean law . 
  obviously they ca n't all simply be attributed to the empire but opportunities arose due to it , without the empire britain would likely have been invaded and conquered as spain or france ate up the entire new world . 
  you do n't have to like everything the empire did ( hell a lot of it was despicable ) but you can still be proud of the achievements and the good it brought . 
  just do n't forget the negatives , learn from history and all that . 
  english food really is n't shit , it 's a very out of date stereotype that came from the waves of cheap crappy restaurants , rationing and presumably tv , it 's not really applicable anymore . 
  we do n't tend to eat spam and chips for every meal , or eat spaghetti in a can . 
  properly cooked english food is as good as the continents it 's just different , we have some of the best cheese and ales in the world , and i have yet to find a country that does better desserts than the uk . 
  also , biscuits , pies and cake are our domain !, 
  standard british cuisine would be things like ; + sausage , mash and gravy + roast beef , yorkshire puddings , roast potatoes , parsnips/carrots , etc. 
  + battered fish with chips and tartare sauce + anglo-indian cuisine ( curry ) + the sandwich + eton mess + cream tea + victoria sponge + apple pie + beans on toast + traditional fry-up + crumpets + ploughmans i work in an international research centre , half the people here are from overseas and have yet to find someone who balks at the food . 
  occasionally someone turns down a fry-up on friday saying it 's too much for the morning , but that is more a personal choice . 
  of course there are some things we eat that might make you more sceptical such as : + haggis + black pudding + jellies eels + cockles and winkles + spotted dick + spam , spam , spam , spam , eggs and spam + beef wellington + toad in the hole + sausage and beans in-a-can + toast sandwich although most of the above are still delicious . 
  our lagers are shit . 
  just a slight thing to disagree on buy gay rights in the uk are not really conservative . 
  civil partnerships which where equal to marriage have been in the uk longer than most countries , the actual rights to gay marriage took longer simply because civil partnership was the same thing and we took a while to change the name . 
  that is the only one i know of that still uses it . 
  we have more than that from imported words . 
  cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche for example , never seen the funky e or o before . 
  on top of that we still have the thorn . 
  ` ye olde sweete shoppe ' for example is not ` ye ' it 's ` the ' , that is n't a y it 's a different letter , which literally means ` th ' , iceland still has it as well . 
  name a better one ? 
  it 's easy to draw , looks good , has nice bold colours and is n't just a tri-colour . 
  of course it comes with the strong imperialist overtones ... but you ca n't have everything !, 
  i 'm a big fan of the nordic crosses , as well as flags like jamaicas . 
  brazils is nice too but the planet is way too complex . 
  canada 's is also good but the maple leaf is n't very easy to draw . 
  flags like the us are a pain due to all the stars and anything with a coat of arms is horrendous to draw . 
  there are many ensigns , tri-colours and bland flags like chinas . 
  there are some cool ones around , such as nepals though . 
  japan/britain where also very close before wwii . 
  with britain helping immensely with the westernisation process . 
  well then , nothing to complain about . 
  those deaths are tragic but you ca n't blame the war on the argentine civilians . 
  no more than you or i can be blamed or deserve to be killed due to the blair administration thinking it 's okay to invade iraq . 
  you literally just said `` describing the uk 's constitution as a constitution is a bit loose though '' ... 
  he was just saying , no it is n't . 
  i guess because it 's negligible no-one has bothered getting rid of them . 
  if it 's not broken , it does n't get fixed . 
  until those seats become an issue , no-one cares enough to get rid of them . 
  principles are great but there is other more pressing things to do . 
  well gibraltar has been part of the uk longer than it was part of spain , and spain in turn stole it through war , so ` back ' could apply to gibraltar as well . 
  what combined forces ? 
  you know we won the war against argentina right ? 
  without nuking anyone . 
  you start dropping nukes and you heavily risk dragging in other nations , not to mention the obvious civilian casualties which britain does n't like to do . 
  in iraq we use missiles capable of hitting within a 1m target to minimise civilian causalities , back in wwii there was no civilian bombing until after the nazi regime instigated it , you really do n't want to be ` that country ' . 
  wrong side of history . 
  gibraltar has been part of the uk longer than it was ever part of spain . 
  a spain that invaded and expelled the native population ... 
  hey !, 
  we have the single best flag in the world . 
  yeah but scotland would just be back in exactly the same position as before . 
  independent and not in the eu as it has to apply , only now they also have the shit storm of dealing with independence a second time in 10 years . 
  did n't the gibraltar vote go 97 % for staying with the uk ? 
  similar to the falklands one which was only 4 votes for not with uk . 
  sensible policies for a sensible ~ ~ britain ~ ~ iceland . 
  i would argue it was the driving factor behind brexit , as well as the cause of the far-right 's increased presence eu wide . 
  merkles attitude toward it from a humanitarian point of view is superb , but i do n't consider it a practical point of view and the damage caused/will cause has yet to be seen . 
  oo , i was there in january last year . 
  the water is so clean you can just fill up a bottle in the stream . 
  however it was entirely frozen around the edges so getting behind the waterfall where this was taken was practically impossible . 
  a few people tried anyway by dragging themselves up the guide rope . 
  then gave up and slid down the hill on their backsides . 
  yea but scotland is n't part of england , it 's a partner in a larger joint union .
