  i can also avoid being hit by cars by not walking in the road . 
  admittedly i could avoid being attacked by wolves by not being stupid , but since when where people in general not stupid ? 
  i really do think our best bet is cordoning off some islands ( pref . 
  large ones ) , and having them as nature reserves . 
  of course if the locals are happy to have them on the mainland then we can go for it . 
  in general does n't mean never unfortunately , and it would only be a matter of time before someone gets killed . 
  clearly we are not going to see a massacre as soon as wolves appear but it 's currently safe and making it dangerous for the sake of it is a little silly . 
  not to mention most of the people in favour of introduction do n't actually live near by . 
  pets can also be killed by wolves . 
  i know i would be highly angry/upset if my dog was killed because people a few hundred miles away just had to have wolves introduced . 
  wolves are an interesting one , they are pretty much needed in parts of scotland as the deer are going berserk and killing the trees due to their population . 
  hunters are having to shoot them instead . 
  that said the current system creates work and means no-one gets killed . 
  if wolves/bears where to be introduced i think doing it away from the mainland would be the best bet , that way the population has a cap , both wolves and humans are safely separated ( we do n't want either being killed ) , and people are free to visit them whenever . 
  it would even increase tourism if populations grow enough to give frequent viewings . 
  foxes in london are larger than the rural counterpart due to the high quantities of food around . 
  german shepard size is a little big though , maybe a trick of the light . 
  probably not a lynx though as they do n't have big tails . 
  there are things known as abc 's , or ` alien big cats ' , britain is fairly famous for them . 
  the first known sighting was actually just down the road from me at an abbey hundreds of years ago . 
  lynx are the most commonly spotted , and there have been confirmed sightings , people have spotted lions very occasionally and there are all sorts of legends on moors , such as the exmoor beast ( presumed to be a panther of some description ( probably leopard ) , but extensive searching has found nothing ) . 
  just checked the [ wikipage ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_big_cats ) , they have some interesting info , such as a puma that was caught in scotland 30 years ago and is now stuffed . 
  also : `` in 2001 another lynx was captured alive in cricklewood , north-london . 
  the lynx was considerably larger than an average domestic cat . 
  the lynx was placed in london zoo and was given the name `` lara '' . 
  [ 11 ] the captured lynx was found to be only 18 months old '', 
  you hate the fact you can enjoy our woodland without fear of being mauled ? 
  pigs in general are built to breed fast , eat anything and be hard to kill . 
  they can be very dangerous as well . 
  i am happy not having bears/wolves . 
  i would not object to lynx , beaver or perhaps boars . 
  if we do get wolves/bears , sticking them on islands would be the best bet . 
  minimise interaction with people , but people can go see them if they want . 
  might actually be good tourism for the outer hebrides . 
  what is wrong with peroni ... as far as lagers go it tastes good and is n't that expensive . 
  always found that funny considering you ( at least nsw ) drink vb which is way worse . 
  we have the same sort of adverts , but it is still nicknamed wifebeater . 
  bigger country means bigger budgets , oddly i have never heard of people going to the us to do film considered ` lost ' . 
  the us is just so close to the uk and it 's only a quick trip across the pond , not to mention half our population has family over there . 
  the last one has my attention already !, 
  i think i have seen downfall actually , i will give the others a look , cheers . 
  well that sounds depressing ... any suggestions on german films ? 
  european media is not in english and many people ca n't stand subtitles . 
  us media is so much easier to work with . 
  i am sure german comedies and dramas is just as interesting but i do n't understand them so wo n't watch them . 
  that said i actually really enjoy seeing foreign films at the cinema , i thought the girl with the dragon tattoo films where excellent and preferred them to the remakes , head hunters was great as well . 
  i like scandinavian film in general . 
  well as you said it started as an english colony , then if you look at the immigration records the british isles ( note : this includes ireland ) makes up the biggest incoming number of immigrants every decade . 
  englands immigrants where substantial and from the looks of things only beaten by germany and ireland , however those are just immigrants and the already present population still has to be taken into account . 
  the first english colonists where arriving in the 1580 's , that is over 250 years of immigration unaccounted for , there was already a population of 23million by the time they started recording . 
  there is not ` proof ' , there is evidence , nothing more . 
  until the theory is shown to have more merit you can not blame people for being sceptical . 
  besides why anglocentric when the dutch are credited with finding it first ? 
  claiming and actually being are very different . 
  for example english americans make up only 9 % , which is of course dramatically inaccurate . 
  yeah , i was trying to say there has to be a starting point , and i think pointing out europeans discovered part of europe is a little redundant . 
  nothing wrong with independence . 
  it would be nice if they remained part of the country though , literally just another county , anyone can move to , work on , vote etc. 
  i guess those in the tropics do n't want an influx of people moving there !, 
  then again so long as development was limited ( like it is in many places on the mainland ) people would n't be able to just mass immigrate . 
  most are . 
  both had native populations though . 
  so was the uk when the first people walked there . 
  it may just add tonnes of extra bureaucracy which would be inefficient , or it might allow better micromanaging to increase efficiency . 
  interesting video , but testing 5 people is not exactly statistically significant :p , neither is asking 2 people their opinion then having someone explain why it might be true . 
  current genetic tests put 80 % of britons as celtic descendants . 
  although of course cultural changes are more visable . 
  that said , that leaves 20 % unaccounted for and i can not find any nice clear evidence saying how it is made up , considering we need to apply roman dna ( spread all the way to aberdeen ) , viking dna ( all of england was under danish rule ) and then norman dna ( all of england ) . 
  wikipedia states there are isolated pools of concentrated viking blood ( again does n't say what % that is , it could just be a few percent above the average ) , in orkney/shetland/skye and around the highlands . 
  might have to do more reading on this subject . 
  it 's believed the area used to be home to a prayer site , i just find it interesting the influence spread so much . 
  on that note i am interested to see what will happen to regular country boundaries in the event of a federation . 
  there would be no need for the german/french/italian / spanish groups to remain united as there is no external threat . 
  it would probably be beneficial to shatter into many more states . 
  then again perhaps it would cause unfair advantages to certain places . 
  i live in surrey and one of the local towns is called thursley ( thors meadow ) . 
  except everyone else in europe who does n't want to just do what france and germany say . 
  if the uk stops putting in it 's input the eurozone will just be dominated by the two . 
  debatable . 
  no lingua franca has ever stretched this widely before . 
  latin was due to the roman empire , french was due to the french/angvin/english empires , now english is due to the british empire . 
  what is different this time is the scope . 
  almost all of north america speaks english , all of australasia and over 50 % of the population of europe ( and growing ) speaks it . 
  on top of that many chinese/japanese speak english because it is the language of business and india + many african nations have english as one of the official languages . 
  for a new lingua franca to take over we would need the us and europe to collapse and have a new economic power take over . 
  the odds of empires by force coming back are slim so money is the name of the game . 
  really ? 
  excellent i thought it had died out completely except a few people who tried to revive it . 
  there are still some native speakers ? 
  certainly to a degree , but it 's not the parents who decide which they use . 
  then those kids grow up and teach their kids the language they use . 
  when you play online games most people use english . 
  sure there are gaming servers set aside for french/german/spanish sometimes others too , but people use english a lot , the words sneak into the other language ` diluting ' them , homogenising , if it happens too much there will be little point learning anything other than english . 
  it will of course take several generations or more . 
  well europe has only been united for a while , it takes ages for languages to die out . 
  what i meant by `` it makes no sense to learn multiple languages to talk to the same people , which is why they tend to die out '' , is that if everyone in europe spoke english it makes little sense to learn any other language . 
  if a swede speaks swedish and a dane speaks danish , but they both speak english , then english will be what is used to communicate . 
  so people who bump into others who speak english will tend to use that language more , with the current open boarders that will happen more and more . 
  the huge populations mean it would take a long time for any nation to actually lose their language but as integration increases a common language will be used . 
  of course but those are just benefits and when kids are learning languages they are not thinking about the identity they would lose .
