  it 's not our fault i swear !, 
  we used apple maps !, 
  there is a big difference between defence and offence . 
  he has been testing the waters for months and so far there has been nothing to suggest he should stop . 
  i would not be against accidentally leaving a few tanks in ukraine . 
  i do n't know , 2 pax anglos in a row and so far it 's only housed a few genocides and global wars . 
  sorry but this rhetoric is ridiculous . 
  people hate the americans when they illegally invade places , people do n't when they are actually doing something useful . 
  no-one complained about help in libya , few people comlpained about afghanistan . 
  it 's almost all directed toward iraq , israel and saudi arabia . 
  it 's not an impossible position at all . 
  with ukraine it needs to be an eu decision to ask for us help or not . 
  though frankly we should be doing it ourselves as this is embarrasing . 
  well it was blatently a joke , so that may be why . 
  it 's ridiculous though , sweden and finland are both eu countries , in the event of an invasion the rest of the eu gets dragged in , and inevitably pulls in the us as well . 
  at least with nato you do n't get the us sitting out for a few years . 
  does n't the eu have defence clauses for its members ? 
  he is picking on ukraine because it has absolutely no defence contracts and where in the midst of severe civil strife . 
  even without allies he has faced heavy sanctions and has had to move very slowly with constant denial . 
  picking on any eu or nato country is a whole new level of stupid . 
  the only reason ireland was n't invaded in wwii was the uk . 
  had germany taken down the uk there is no reason to assume they would n't have come for ireland . 
  they took everything else . 
  i thought uzbekistan was clockwise and turkmenistan was anti-clockwise though . 
  remember alphabetical order from top down . 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania . 
  eu helped me learn a lot , especially making a modern day borders mod . 
  did n't take long and they well and truly stuck . 
  yes all of them although i can not spell bosnia 's full name . 
  now africa is flat out impossible and the stans get very confusing in asia . 
  capitals is a good game , one day i will learn the all ... 
  during wwii the story was spread that carrots make you see in the dark . 
  that way the germans had a reason for why british pilots always knew where they where , in reality it was radar . 
  i prefer the carrot story ... 
  fish and chips in a pub is always cod . 
  skate is my favourite but i have not seen it in a chippy in years . 
  sadly i do n't live anywhere near the coast . 
  got let off a speeding ticket in the florida . 
  might have been because as a tourist i would never have bothered paying it though . 
  how !, 
  i live in the uk and i find it incredibly hard to lose weight . 
  all those scrumptious takeaways ... 
  even we know cricket is boring , which is why 20-20 cricket was invented . 
  it 's only 20 overs ( 120 balls ) , per side rather than 5 solid days of crickety tedium . 
  20-20 is good fun to watch if you know the rules . 
  so many chip shops cook the fish fresh for you which is really bad . 
  you need the fish to drain for a while so the batter goes nice and crispy . 
  might try my local this weekend seeing as i moved here 7 months ago . 
  although i ca n't remember the last time i had cod that had flavour . 
  stop eating so much garlic and you might be able to actually taste food . 
  get it by the coast and try and find a busy shop . 
  the busy ones prepare fish in advance and let the oil drain out of the batter , which is healthier and much tastier . 
  fresh fish tastes amazing , you get it inland and it is very often pretty lacking in flavour . 
  also get skate if it 's there , otherwise haddock . 
  cod goes flavourless very quickly . 
  went to berlin , had two separate people threaten to call the police if i did n't go away . 
  although in my defence one lived over a bar and the other next to a hostel , ca n't be that surprising we made a lot of noise . 
  we are quite good at propaganda . 
  things like bulmers or magners are fairly popular ` mainstream ' ciders . 
  they are the ` lagers ' of the cider world . 
  the west country tends to drink less sweet ciders , which are more like the ` ales ' of the cider world . 
  i could n't give you any bottled brands though , they are usually casked . 
  yeah , i try to avoid it . 
  though mostly because i do n't like raisins in my food . 
  origins of food and national cuisine are totally different things . 
  the haggis was invented in england and is eaten here too , but it 's clearly scottish cuisine . 
  similarly the apple pie is clearly american cuisine as well . 
  if i go to a french restaurant i expect to see dishes eaten in france , not things only eaten or invented in france , otherwise their would be no cheese and bread . 
  potatoes are present in many cultures cuisine but they where all imported as are most spices . 
  if you went to a british restaurant you can guarantee there will be apple pie on the menu . 
  your link at the end backs up my argument , the origins do n't matter as most are too old to trace or too simple to claim ( like the pie ) . 
  that does n't mean they are not part of traditional cuisine though . 
  just because others eat apple pie it means it 's not part of british cuisine ? 
  also most of the us was british so it likely came from here . 
  like i said just because someone else also makes it does n't mean it not british cuisine , fairly sure everyone eats bread . 
  also the americans brought the apple pie over from the uk , it was most common in the english communities which is why the saying spread so well . 
  on top of that the earliest known reference to apple pie is in english literature . 
  apple pie is a very popular dish here usually served with custard or cream . 
  the wiki for cr\u00e8me brulee only says the earliest known reference was in a french book , although the same book 40 years later calls it cr\u00e8me anglais . 
  it also mentions since 1879 another version was introduced in cambridge . 
  at least it 's not rotten shark . 
  not sure how you can deny apple pie , cr\u00e8me brulee is even called cr\u00e8me anglais in france because some of the earliest recipes are english . 
  just because it 's not unique to a country does n't make it not british food . 
  blancmange i think you are right about though , i was basing that on the fact the french do n't use that term so i figured it was just us trying to sound fancy . 
  like what ? 
  you have an unusual palate if you think roast beef , peas , carrots , parsnips , roast potatoes , stuffing , bread sauce , etc. 
  is bland , that or you are eating poor quality ( which is very easy to do , spoons type roasts are rubbish ) . 
  the problem with native foods , is that they are much harder to do nicely , or at least take a long time . 
  also shepherds pie is great if done properly , lamb , potato , cheese . 
  mmmm . 
  to each their own though . 
  it would be unusual and very worrying to find someone who drinks in the uk and does n't know of cider . 
  frankly a world in which i do n't want to live . 
  cider is , but it does n't taste like fizzy apple juice . 
  where on earth in the uk can you find cider than tastes like appletise ? 
  most west country ciders have a specific taste , which while it has a tang of apples does n't taste like apple juice . 
  the more mainstream drinks like magners/bulmers are incredibly sweet and whilst more similar they still do n't taste like fizzy apple juice . 
  strongbow is just shite . 
  half my family is vegetarian , trying to find anything they can eat in france that is n't chips was a serious chore . 
  it 's not too hard to beat god save the queen .
