  good luck to feyenoord !, 
  granted it was the only game i 've watched him play , but johnstone looked head and shoulders above most players on the pitch in the cup final . 
  i love being at celtic park when the weather 's as beautiful as it is today . 
  all in all a good day today . 
  the team played well and eventually broke down a stubborn and well organised st johnstone team . 
  patrick roberts was outstanding and the two youth players , johnstone and ralston played well and if both continue their development here they could become big players for us . 
  also a classy touch from brendan rodgers bringing the two youth lads over to the standing section and i think scott sinclair appreciated the solidarity banners the green brigade held up . 
  that pitch looks atrocious, 
  channeling his inner messi . 
  if things go celtics way and we qualify , we could be in pot 3 this year so there 's the potential we could draw them . 
  if we get another german in the cl again then i 'll definitely make the trip over . 
  what part of the country are you visiting ? 
  or are you doing a tour ? 
  personally , i think there 's an irony to fat guys wearing football tops . 
  what constitutes a cheap drink in australia ? 
  rangers look to have regressed to long ball merchants under caxinha . 
  were the thistle fans singing ` what a waste of money ' at joe garner ? 
  someone phone the polis , there 's been a robbery in maryhill !, 
  i think they 're having a competition with the ibrox stewards to see who 's worse at stopping fans on the pitch ... 
  at this rate , we wo n't have any shite magazines to provide us with any shitty rumours . 
  who does n't love a good ruck with with the popo ? 
  that did n't look like much of a penalty , even in real time it looked a great tackle from kolasinac . 
  considering that a shot at the europa league qualifiers was guaranteed when celtic won the scottish cup semi final , that 's a pretty lame excuse . 
  as i said elsewhere , europa league qualifiers were guaranteed two weeks ago when rangers were knocked out of the scottish cup . 
  the overuse of the word ` acc ' does my box in, 
  us scots got a referendum and there was nowhere near the public support for it that there appears to be for catalonian independence . 
  i 'll give my honest opinion and say that he 's the under-performing type of player that a manager like brendan rodgers could work with and turn into a consistent performer , the way he has done with forrest . 
  if he were in our squad he most likely would n't displace scott sinclair , but he could potentially be used as an impact sub or on a rotational basis the way that rodgers plays with forrest and roberts . 
  in terms of football , the league season will have not long started so there will be plenty of games to chose from . 
  the league fixtures are n't out yet , but if you want i can keep you posted for when they are published . 
  you may also be lucky with your timing and have a few champions league/europa league qualifiers to go to . 
  i 'll be biased and say go to a celtic game at celtic park ( they are my team ) . 
  the football we are playing at the moment has been very good , and as a result , the atmosphere at games has been impressive . 
  as i mentioned earlier you may be lucky and the timing of your visit may coincide with a champions league qualifier where the atmosphere in the stadium is even better than for a league game . 
  tickets for matches are usually priced between # 20 - # 35 . 
  there are other clubs in and around glasgow : rangers , obviously , partick thistle and queens park . 
  saint mirren and greenock morton . 
  partick , qp , saint mirren and morton are smaller teams respectively and i 'd recommend partick more so than the rest . 
  going east you have hearts and hibs in edinburgh and heading north you have dundee , dundee united and aberdeen . 
  it all depends on what 's convenient for you and your wife . 
  you 're hired !, 
  maybe for rangers fans , 
  your grasp on scottish humour is somewhat lacking . 
  sound excellent on the tv . 
  nice touch with the yellow and blue bib tifo . 
  not sure what gilmour 's attitude is like , but a big part of islam feruz 's downfall ( is that the right word i 'm looking for ? ), 
  was his arrogant attitude . 
  he was widely criticised on celtic forums for this and it came as no real surprise to many that he 's ended up the way he has . 
  without trying to get overly political , there is a mentality among groups of people in the uk that the british army can do no wrong and that if people do n't agree with that view then a ) they 're terrorist sympathisers or b ) they 're scum . 
  these people fail to look at the debate objectively and ca n't / do n't want to understand why others might disagree with the wearing of the poppy ( for whatever reason ) and they tend to react hysterically . 
  some might call it poppy fascism . 
  by replying to you specifically i 'm no doubt preaching to the converted , but for others who might not be aware , this is my view on how things are here , particularly around remembrance day . 
  it 's exactly that attitude that people dislike . 
  up here , he 's seen to have disrespected one of our club legends , tommy burns . 
  as far as i 'm aware tommy burns was heavily involved in preventing feruz 's family from being deported back to somalia . 
  apparently after leaving for chelsea he claimed that tommy burns ( who had passed away by this time ) had done nothing for him and his family . 
  it 's unfortunate he then proceeded to deliberately stick an elbow in a monaco players face . 
  jeez in scotland , if you show even the slightest of signs of being a gifted technical player , you are kicked up and down the park . 
  two more than on purpose elbow hits from juventus defensive line, 
  that and blatant shirt pulling at set plays . 
  i still do n't like leichsteiner because of this . 
  `` no wrong doing here . 
  we are perfect . 
  move along now . '', 
  my brothers in third year just now and comes home at the weekend telling me about how a large number of his pals from school are out drinking at the weekend and taking ecstasy etc. 
  he 's been telling me these kind of things since the start of second year . 
  i know when i was his age there was the odd crowd who would get drunk on a friday or saturday , but it does n't seem to be at the level he 's telling me about . 
  even the likes of ecstasy was n't really widely used amongst people my age until we started turning 18/19/20 . 
  not that i 'm blaming this for the reason for poor literacy rates , just following on from what you were saying . 
  i got on well with one of the principles in my school as cfe was coming in and she told me that she absolutely despised it . 
  as much as i liked barry robson , that tackle on him by brown was sublime . 
  monday nights and midweek games are , in my opinion , shit for match attending fans . 
  check the twitter handle . 
  it would appear that the locals , as well as travelling european fans , that get it off the madrid police . 
  i 'm assuming you mean helen street police station ? 
  iirc they hold terror suspects there . 
  this could be a potential reason . 
  scott sinclair - 9 or 10/10 . 
  the kind of explosive , quality winger we 've been missing the last few years . 
  excellent signing . 
  some might think i 'm being harsh , but he 's been really inconsistent . 
  sometimes he 's unplayable , others he 's useless . 
  he has scored some big goals for us this season though . 
  perhaps his consistency will improve with age . 
  he has a wrestling alter-ego called ` cumdog ' . 
  he 's a decent player , but he has n't proven himself in the spfl yet . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how he does next season . 
  this is how we play at celtic with scott brown and stuart armstrong . 
  brown tends to sit back more in the `` kante '' role and armstrong is the guy who gets up and down the pitch . 
   the tactics have been built around the bbc, 
  that is a really unfortunate acronym haha . 
  guys like modric , iniesta and the rest of the guys of their ilk are unbelievably comfortable at taking the ball despite having a man up their arse ( for want of a better term ) . 
  lesser quality of players are less comfortable at doing this and i think this is something that separates the top players from the decent players, 
  guidetti is over rated . 
  kudos to him then ... and more fool the people who are paying his wages . 
  good luck with your exams mate !, 
  i remember up until my exams started at 16 , me and my mates would go home and get quickly changed and straight back out to play football until like 9 or 10pm . 
  those were the days . 
  i 'll look out for you . 
  what exams have you got ?
