  and then is heard no more : it is a tale, 
  told by an idiot , full of sound and fury ,, 
  signifying nothing . '', 
  macbeth , scene v act v ,, 
  william shakespeare . 
  i had a paper round when i was younger . 
  started off with only ten customers and was kind of intruding on someone else 's route , but after a couple of months that guy was looking for full-time employment . 
  my dad offered him a job and in exchange i got his paper round . 
  i amalgamated my existing customers into my new round and had total around 80 customers . 
  i made a small fortune ( for a 14-17 year old ) and it taught me some valuable discipline in terms of getting up early for work , which has been a great help since entering into the work place myself . 
  my dad is very good with money , so he would come with me into the local shop that distributed the papers to ensure they were n't ripping me off when i was having to give them their cut . 
  all in all i had a good experience as a paper boy . 
  this is why you , or a family member , should befriend a mechanic . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a ticket reselling website that is owned by ticket master . 
  we crack out the shorts at 10 degrees . 
  has n't he scored a goal with his head , as the ball rolls along the ground and he tumbles over the keeper yet ? 
  why ca n't you listen to spotify on two different accounts at the same time ?!, 
  all hell will break lose if my brother changes what i 'm listening to one more time !, 
  you sir , may have just prevented a fight . 
  i was in australia recently and could n't find fosters anywhere . 
  jjb does n't exist anymore . 
  dw sports they 're called now . 
  not sure if it 's a rebranding or if they were actually going tits up and were bought out by dave whelan . 
  munich airport is excellent . 
  i 've flew in and out of it twice now . 
  no frills , no hassle . 
  if you 're single , get bumble . 
  the women have to initiate conversation on that app !, 
  thanks a lot . 
  now my boss is asking me why i 'm tears trying to hold my laughter . 
   but when he put in a mental challenge moments later, 
  some of tackles were excellent . 
  they often looked so aggressive , but were actually very fair and very clean . 
  fuck yees , yer no getting him . 
  seconded . 
  adverse weather my arse . 
  edit - green day have since released a statement saying that it was not the weather , and that it was the health and safety board who made the decision due to the stage being unsafe . 
  with any luck that reprehensible club wo n't be around to see ten . 
  also , the brain dead wanks are n't even intelligent or original enough to come up with their own chant , so they nick ours ... fuck them . 
  i think progres have found themselves some new supporters, 
  well as of next season national coefficient wo n't matter much, 
  this has to be some sort of karmic retribution for the slagging they gave us last year for losing the first leg to the lincoln red imps . 
  hahahahhahahahahahahahahaha !, 
  fuck sake , the rangers number 11 looks like he 's running on treacle at the first goal !, 
  no no , we insist that he stays !, 
  relegated ? 
  they were liquidated and had to apply for a new licence to play in the scottish league . 
  forcefully relegated ? 
  what even is that pish ? 
  he looks good against the wee teams . 
  against the premiership teams he 's shite . 
  just head over to the fc progres nidercorn vs rangers post-match thread , there 's plenty of roasting going on over there . 
  i have n't stopped laughing at rangers being knocked out by progres neirercorn last night !, 
  out of europe before the glasgow fair and with rumours of them not having any friendlies set up between now and the start of the season lol !, 
  spare a thought though for the poor buggers who 'd booked to go to cyprus to play in the next leg as they were certain they 'd qualify hahaha !, 
  i remember going mental when steven naismisth scored against spain to put us 2-1 at hampden . 
  i 'm a celtic fan btw . 
  someone also turned up at the perimeter fence of prestwick airport ( i think ) with a sombrero , poncho and guitar as his plane was coming in to land . 
  this is what seems most difficult for a lot of their supporters to accept . 
  they ca n't handle being vastly inferior to us . 
  it 's providing us with some great hilarity mind you . 
   how they were going to be promoted again , then they came second and lost in the playoffs . 
  nit picking i know but they finished third that year . 
  but beat hibs in the play off semi-final . 
  the fact that david murray 's role in all this is often over-looked ( some would say brushed under the carpet ) is hilarious . 
  is n't this the same east stirling that were relegated out of the professional league system and now play in the lowland league ? 
  perhaps this type of attitude is a contributing factor to where they are playing now . 
  and i was told he was going to rb leipzig for # 6,000,000 back in january ... 
  i 've read somewhere that murray admitted this was actually the case in the lns enquiry . 
  that if things have gotten progressively worse and they are point blank refusing to talk about it , or attempt to fix it cut your losses and move on . 
  do n't hang about waiting for them to end things , it just makes it worse when they eventually do . 
  also , if they can at least pretend to like your mum and hold conversation with her , it makes life so much easier . 
  in my haste i bought a full weekend ticket while my mates only bought two day tickets for saturday and sunday . 
  not sure what to do tomorrow , do n't really want to cut about on my own , but i might just head in for a few hours and see what the script is with the set up , and save the real partying for when i 'm with my mates on saturday and sunday . 
  whilst i would n't use the phrase ` retard ' to describe this guy i know , he 's definitely not the sharpest tool in the box . 
  anyway , this guy will go up for any header and into any tackle and does n't take into consideration any potential consequence . 
  he 's also not a very good footballer . 
  basically are you asking if we 're sad that we wo n't experience a real life version of star wars/star trek ? 
  please re-read my comment again , i 'm talking about a guy i know , not sergio ramos . 
  not a problem my friend !, 
  i think that happened in a cl game against bayer leverkusen . 
  most council ran parking bays ( the ones on the street ) will be fineable from 8am to 6pm on friday and saturday , should be free on sunday though unless the council have decided to take advantage of the influx of people into the city and charge for parking . 
  these bays usually have sign posts near them letting you know the times that you have to pay etc. 
  was he as young as 16/17 when that happened ? 
  my local shop sells around 50 cases of the stuff a week . 
  i had the exact same fears last friday mate , had been my first date in a few years and i was proper nervous . 
  you 'll be surprised at how well things will go . 
  good luck mate !, 
  missed free talk friday yesterday because i was at trnsmt in glasgow . 
  fucking excellent day and i 'm buzzing for day two today . 
  shhhh , do n't tell them that !, 
  dave king appealing to the masses ? 
  or the pr department writing his script ? 
  tesco vodka is death . 
  yik yak went down hill when it made you create a username . 
  we were over in austria as well for a week . 
  a wee sprinkle of grated cheese on that and you 're jamming . 
  and wind chill . 
  mchuils on high street possibly, 
  i 'm having the worst festival comedown i 've ever experienced in my life .
