  is robertson even that tall a player ? 
  i thought the big game is tuesday , is it not ? 
  fortunately not as bad as feared !, 
  still not great though !, 
  i can already see that sheep are under orders to kick the celtic players off the park . 
  what a sweet goal from rogic, 
  not just considine and shinnie , mcleans at it as well . 
  in fact , all your players do n't mind leaving the boot in . 
  adam rooney with a barge on izzy when the balls on the other side of the pitch ... 
  what the ones where they only half heartedly left the studs in ? 
  jeez , the aberdeen players were like a bunch of thugs there the way they surrounded brown . 
  hayes with the attempt at leg break on gamboa there ... 
  where the fuck is that carrot if a referee getting five minutes stoppage time from ? 
  and saint johnstone, 
  he did n't start because he ca n't kick players . 
  kenny mclean is much more assured at doing that . 
  it 's a shame because games like this is what a guy like maddison needs . 
  to prove how good a player he is against the best in country . 
  and he looked more than comfortable when he came . 
  you know what ... thank god celtic did n't go for david moyes . 
  you can be good at kicking people without being a hard man . 
  well yes it was . 
  did n't you see the replay ? 
  i think the commentary done for any club tv show is genuinely abysmal, 
  in glasgow it 's usually `` what football team do you support ? '', 
  the person is then judged as either a good guy or a wanker depending on their response . 
  and yet have any of them made the step to the first team ? 
  what 's the point in spending so much money on a youth academy where the young guys have no chance of getting into the first team ? 
  nah , we 've just had a few valencia fans over teaching us how to throw things properly . 
  it 's a great pass , but where are the hamburg defenders ? 
  thanks mate !, 
  bit of a panic post . 
  tick in the home end or he away end suits . 
  just as long as i get one, 
  on the domestic front celtic have been unstoppable . 
  we 've went unbeaten in all domestic competitions so far and we 've been playing some really enjoyable football . 
  in europe , we 've been hot and cold . 
  playing so poorly against barca and bmg ( at celtic park ) but then playing amazing games against city and bmg in gladbach . 
  most celtic fans understand that this season is mostly about rebuilding our squad for europe and we 're genuinely just here for the party . 
  i would say that union berlin are the real football hipsters choice . 
  or maybe that 's just too obscure for some . 
  you are aware that many left wing supporter groups fly flags/banners with che guevara 's face on them ? 
  i 'm having nightmares at the thought of lee wallace in the team . 
  done fuck all footballing wise since . 
  probs not . 
  not long back at heathrow on my convoluted journey home from gladbahch . 
  a special thanks goes to a fellow redditor who managed to get me a ticket on the day of the game . 
  he 'll know who he is . 
  the game itself was great , and i feel we could 've sneaked a win at the end . 
  i think though , that a draw is a fair result . 
  fair play to the bmg fans , they were great hosts . 
  the bier was excellent and the halloween party on monday was great . 
  although i think i fucked up as most celtic fans were staying in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  edit - i really the player vestegaard . 
  in both games against celtic he 's looked a big , strong , honest centre back who can play some nice passes . 
  he looks like he could go on to be one of the best . 
  and yet , in a supposedly worse league he could n't handle a few games ... 
  come to a sunday amateur game . 
  bust ups happen all the time . 
  is he really one of those players though ? 
  i would n't be surprised if mourinho is just trying to cover over his own failings by claiming this . 
  it seems typical of him to blame others when things do n't go his way . 
  not me pal . 
  i just do n't rate wallace as a very good defender . 
  even going forward his final ball leaves a lot to be desired . 
  against the bottom six teams he 's done ok , but he 's been found wanting against most of the top 6 teams ( hearts excluded ) . 
  i genuinely did have a ticket to get rid of , but the gig was last night so it 's useless now . 
  it looked a bit of a stinker of a tackle on lustig !, 
  this one has stopped working for me . 
  ca n't get the rest of them to work . 
  this is not a happy relationship . 
  get out while you still can . 
  people seem to get unnecessarily wound up at what rodgers says . 
  the british people do n't have mass riots over politics . 
  i highly doubt this has any credibility . 
  the commentator made an interesting comment that every time gnarby has scored this season werder bremen have been beaten . 
  the last time i saw last night , schalke were winning 3-1 and gnarby had scored . 
  my car had frosted over this morning , what do you mean the planet is getting warmer ?!?!, 
  probably true . 
  i remember when terry butcher was the manager of inverness ct and the green brigade and surrounding blocks were chanting ` diego , diego , diego maradonna ' at him . 
  for context , he played for england in the ` hand of god ' game and also played for rangers . 
  now i think about it , it was probably more because he played for rangers . 
  steven fletcher is n't capable of pressing that quickly . 
  we have nae chance . 
  to add a bit of cheer , i had a three year relationship end in july . 
  she left for another guy ( was most likely cheating ) . 
  i went out a bought tickets to ten gigs , and i 've been to germany to see celtic play monchengladbach and i 'm going to manchester to see them play man city . 
  i 've had a fucking quality time and i 'm glad it 's over . 
  she still works in the same shitty restaurant and lives the same boring , monotonous life and is with a shitty , scumbag of a guy . 
  get out , do things , keep occupied and enjoy life for what it is . 
  the loaf must stay ... 
  i went to see the wailers band last night . 
  got to the door of the venue only to be told they 'd cancelled the show on friday . 
  was n't best pleased . 
  on a serious note though , i 've just watched the highlights of your game there . 
  why the hell was kiernan grappling with clint hill as davies ran round the back for a free header at the goal ? 
  lunatic defending if you ask me . 
  also , joe garner is rank rotten . 
  you could see hill was n't happy with kiernan . 
  had kiernan let him go he 'd stand a good chance of getting to the ball before davies .
