  it 's usually also a day ticket so means you do n't get to spend much time in the place you 're travelling to . 
  i only really care about the group stage games that celtic are involved in . 
  everything else , i do n't really bother with . 
  like i do watch the occasional game between other teams and sometimes i 'll stick a game on the ipad as background noise while i do other things , but i do n't get deeply invested in the games , or really care about who wins . 
  particularly more so now because we keep seeing the same ties being played year in year out . 
  followed closely by aberdeen and hearts in joint second . 
  inverness are up there . 
  purely because it 's just pure thuggery that you get from them . 
  regardless of where he goes this is a bit of a win win for celtic . 
  we get a nice wee pay day and it further strengthens our position of being able to attract good young talent to develop here for a couple of years before moving on to a higher level . 
  i would n't be opposed to them if they were bringing job opportunities ( beyond the initial construction of them ) for people in the west coast/central scotland . 
  `` a key adviser to sir david murray admitted it had not been a lot . 
  in referring to the amount spent on due diligence into craig whyte , david horne told the trial : `` not very much at all . 
  i do n't know . 
  possibly nothing . '', 
  despite seeing the great hilarity in my rivals going tits up , i did n't really follow the court case . 
  i had a look at the article i 've linked after i heard the result of the case and what i 've quoted has particularly stood out for me . 
  it seems that the previous board ( murray and co ) were desperate to get rid of the club and did n't really give a toss about who they were selling it to . 
  `` a key adviser to sir david murray admitted it had not been a lot . 
  in referring to the amount spent on due diligence into craig whyte , david horne told the trial : `` not very much at all . 
  i do n't know . 
  possibly nothing . '', 
  point number eight is a particular stand out for me . 
  it seems like murray and co were desperate to get rid of rangers and did n't really give a toss about who they sold it to . 
   if you want to laugh/cry , go and read the thread on rangersmedia about this . 
  it 's a conspiracy !!!, 
  are you really surprised that this is the reaction ? 
  welcome to the party !, 
  just tried it on my phone ( app and web browser ) there using the bt broadband in my office . 
  no issues . 
  divine intervention . 
  for me , emojis better express when i 'm taking the piss . 
  they 're just remi gaillard wannabes . 
  henrik larsson - tongue out arms out stretched . 
  what 's everyones plans for summer now that the seasons over ? 
  anybody got any cool festivals , holidays or trips planned to pass the time ? 
  joins your direct rivals . 
  come north of england the weathers a totally different ball game . 
  i like the idea of using murrayfield for cup finals . 
  was at the celtic - legia warsaw game and it was a decent stadium for me to get to using public transport than it is at hampden . 
  plus the view when you 're in the front few rows is significantly better . 
  that seems like progressive thinking involving supporters interests before television and the corporates . 
  that will not be tolerated ... / s, 
  ahh nice one mate !, 
  got tickets for trsnmt myself . 
  pretty gutted t is n't on though . 
  scotland does n't qualify for anything , so that means when it comes to tournaments i support the team ( s ) i get in the sweep . 
  but that 's purely a joke and a bit of banter between mates . 
  is that a banksy ? 
  glad you enjoy glasgow mate . 
  it sometimes gets a lot of stick , but it genuinely is a class city !, 
  at rugby you can , at football you ca n't . 
  just fuck off sfa . 
  aye hold on , we 'll take a guy who 's failed at his previous three jobs and even got his most recent team relegated . 
  i 'm well aware of the fact that we 're not exactly world beaters , but come on to fuck . 
  i 'd rather watch paint dry than watch a david moyes team . 
  could be worse , you could 've gotten beat by the lincoln red imps lol . 
  i was n't at the reykjavik game as i was in ibiza that week , however i certainly did n't see any alcohol on sale at the legia game , and i could n't see anyone drinking round about at me at my seat . 
  i was always under the impression that it was against the law to drink at scottish games regardless of the stadium . 
  tom rogic does n't know what shit goals are . 
  tam ma man . 
  what a hit . 
  god tell me about it . 
  given that we 'd had such a poor run in europe with ronny deila and the squad at the time was deemed good enough for europe we were fearing the worst . 
  but in hindsight that one result can be forgiven under the circumstances that the game was played in . 
  my season ticket went up from about # 450 to to about # 499 - # 495 this season . 
  did n't he also kick a guy in the back when the other guy was already on the deck ? 
  i wonder why people have downvoted you for responding , as accurately as possible , to a question . 
  patiently waiting on free talk friday haha, 
  especially up in aberdeen !, 
  a few weeks ago i got talking to a girl in a club and ended up back at her place ... only for her flat mate to come home hysterically crying because her boyfriend had just broke up with her . 
  i have no issues with being cock blocked by an upset flat mate , but i 'm pretty pissed off with myself because i never got the girls number . 
  she was such a genuinely lovely person and i would 've liked to get to know her more but i was a little too drunk and completely forgot to ask , and then only remembered when i started to walk away from the building . 
  i 'm also on call for work two weekends in a row , so no partying for the next two weeks at least :(, 
  on my lunch i saw that murray and wrawinka were playing a tie break for the first set ... how 's that match going now ? 
  i can see her building from the motorway on my way to work everyday haha !, 
  that seems proper creepy way to get her attention though haha !, 
  do n't know how close you are to coatbridge , but the coatbridge and airdrie afl has quite a number of teams . 
  tell me about it mate !, 
  i only got her first name so there 's like very little chance i 'll ever meet her again !, 
  aye i suppose that is a bit of a trek for you then . 
  i 'd say try both options man . 
  you do n't have much to lose . 
  most sunday teams are looking for players all the time because people have various commitments and ca n't always make games . 
  the first movie is also excellent . 
  it seemed to me that ruth davidson put far more focus on indyref2 than what the snp did . 
  as you said as well , did not mention one policy of the conservatives , it was all just ` no idnyref2 ' . 
  has anybody been to benicassim before ? 
  if so how much is it for alcohol at the festival ? 
  also are you allowed to take your own alcohol into the festival with you ? 
  the tories . 
  which ones ? 
  i hope kt takes his revenge on the english after jayden stockley assaulted him in the scottish cup final . 
  i can see why pep does n't rate joe hart . 
  poor defending from charlie mulgrew there . 
  the buckfast is already out cunt . 
  it was pretty gutting yesterday conceding such a late equaliser against england , despite them being the superior team over the ninety minutes . 
  still , i feel proud at how kieran tierney and leigh griffiths played . 
  i would honestly love it if tierney stayed at celtic his entire career as that 'd make him a legendary figure here , but i also would n't grudge him if he decided he wanted to go and test himself at a higher level than celtic . 
  he 's not the finished article yet , but he has some amount of potential to be one of scotlands best players .
