  i was in the pub with her one night and the more she drank the more she gradually changed from her usual coatbridge twang to the glasgow uni twang . 
  i have n't seen that in ages . 
  thank you . 
  only if it 's a 93rd minute winner . 
  watching that goal makes me well up at the thought of roberts leaving us . 
  it 's actually encouraging to see city fans on here speaking positively about him . 
  would love to see paddy make it at a high level . 
  yes, 
  it 's a testament to players and management that this stage of the season , with nothing left to play for in the league that we 're still playing at such a high intensity and really taking the game to other teams . 
  let 's keep it going on sunday against hearts and then into the cup final against aberdeen !, 
  given the ` bromance ' they have going on you never know know what could happen ... 
  i watched australia vs uae back in march or april and this guy was the stand out player for me . 
  his decision making at times could 've been better , but in a game that was largely devoid of quality , he was the one player who stood out from everyone else . 
  at least he 's putting on a show for us before he goes . 
  yeah i get you what you 're saying , i 'm just so used to the league , and our players getting shat on by supporters of clubs down south . 
  over the course of the season ( and the last few seasons ) we have done that though . 
  single ( or double ) measures of vodka and southern comfort , blue wkd and orange juice ... all in a pint glass . 
  thank me later , 
  sounds an awful lot like turkeys voting for christmas . 
  can he do it on a cold windy night in arbroath in the league cup ? 
  i ca n't wait for charlie nicholas ' reaction ... 
  bayern always seem to do this . 
  the pyro show was even better given that it 's not something that happens in the u.k. 
  especially by supporters in their own stadium . 
  i 'll be honest , this is the first season in god knows how long i 'm going to games at hampden , not confident , but not nervous that the players are going to shit the bed . 
  with aberdeen finishing the league fairly strongly and celtic not letting their intensity drop despite having the league wrapped up at the start of april it 's shaping up to be a great cup final . 
  i 'd rather enjoy being a celtic fan than be a miserable cunt . 
  full back or on either wing . 
  i have owned precisely one celtic kit in my life . 
  and even then it was a christmas gift from an ex . 
  i wonder what that guy would say to me ? 
  scottish media is different mate . 
  ronny deila got similar treatment to pedro caixinha . 
  we have a system like that up here called ` the split ' . 
  with the final five fixtures the league is split into the top six and bottom six teams who then play each other in a mini league format with obviously the top six either going for the league or european qualification and the bottom 4-6 teams fighting for survival . 
  i may as well hand back my flair and my season ticket now : /, 
  i just had this person come up as well ... 
  in scotland, 
  you any good at the stunt series races in gta ? 
  scotland to win it !, 
  given the el final is tomorrow night you 'd think that there would be at least a minutes silence and black armbands worn since one of the clubs is from that city . 
  he 's going to play them all the same time to give us a better chance of not succeeding ... 
  perhaps a loan spell under brendan rodgers could reinvigorate him ... 
  i ca n't agree with you there ... sorry . 
  i imagine it will mean that european players will be required to get a work permit before they can sign with a club anywhere in the uk . 
  permits usually work both ways so europeans will have to apply for work permits here and brits will have to apply for work permits for europe . 
  as far as scouting goes , i imagine it will depend on how each club has its scouting network set up . 
  aberdeen or hearts away . 
  they hate us , and beating them at their own shitholes is incredibly satisfying . 
  i wonder how this will affect the policing at the scottish cup final this weekend ? 
  ( long shot ) looking for between 1 and 3 tickets for the cup final , if anyone has any spares kicking about . 
  in glasgow it 's the scottish cup final on saturday and there is the riverside dance festival on both the 27th and 28th . 
  in edinburgh there is the edinburgh marathon this weekend . 
  there seems to have been a bit of conflict between him and the ceo of dortmund which has increased after the bus is as attacked against monaco . 
  perhaps someone who knows more about the situation will go into more detail . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss op . 
  your post has got me curious as to what the funeral protocol is within other peoples families or the areas they come from ? 
  for example , in my family we 're mostly all catholic , so we do all the usual shite like the rosary ( mentioned elsewhere in this thread ) then the next day we have the funeral and the burial/cremation . 
  after that it 's down to the local pub/social club/restaurant where we have a steak pie meal and a piss up with the extended family and friends for the rest of the day . 
  i 'm trying for a few guys on my supporters bus !, 
  i was at that game pretty scummy behaviour . 
  it was n't just f-side , vak410 were trying to have a go as well . 
  also , following on from what u/spiralism was saying , there were incidents in dam square as well that year with ajax hooligans attacking celtic supporters ( do n't get me wrong , the celtic fans stood up for themselves and gave as good as they got ) . 
  this has left some rather bitter feelings towards ajax amongst celtic supporters . 
  this was a game of who i wanted to win the least . 
  and it was a shit game . 
  i know this guy haha !, 
  away and chase yersel with that pish ya throbber . 
  i 'd think if you put enough force on the flappy bit that people sit down on , it would eventually break . 
  happens up here when celtic play rangers . 
  at both celtic park and ibrox you could hang back at the end of the game and see all the damage that gets done . 
  ( ps i 'm not condoning it , i think it 's a pretty pointless exercise as it results in the club having to fork out money to give to rangers , which is money i do n't want to see going to rangers . ), 
   are all concerts banned ? 
  nope . 
  in fact , the courteeners gig at old trafford cricket ground is going ahead on saturday . 
  or an arbroath smokey on the chance we get another cup tie up there ? 
  ac milan can fuck right off , 
  and kept them there despite claims from rangers of going for 55 , 
  i 'd say a pizza crunch over an italian pizza !, 
  what 's his name ? 
  all the money was going into the ebt schemes , they did n't have any left for air travel , 
  i 've often found that it 's the fans who do n't attend games who are the biggest arseholes . 
  i 'm actually looking forward to us playing st hampden for once , but at the same time i 'm ridiculously nervous . 
  come on celtic !, 
  this is the first time in a long time i 've been looking forward to us playing at hampden , but at the same time i 'm shitting it . 
  do n't even want to attempt a prediction . 
  assuming you mean stokely , i hope he does . 
  no one does that to our kieran and gets away with it !, 
  jayden stockley had posters of lee mcculloch on his bedroom wall when he was a kid . 
  in all seriousness though i hope we go out and pump aberdeen in the second half now , just because of that thugs actions . 
  how did stockley not get carded ? 
  it 's fair to say that both goalkeepers were excellent and contributed massively to an enthralling game . 
  this is my hope for kieran tierney . 
  imo you 've no need to feel butthurt about the comments anymore . 
  enjoy your victory . 
  savour it . 
  and best of all , laugh at those comments . 
  i love paddy roberts . 
  he 's a fantastic player and has been really special for us , especially last season when we were playing pretty shit football under ronny deila . 
  however , i do n't think we should spend most of our transfer budget on trying to sign him .
