  i told her to fuck off . 
  while him and his family were n't poor by any matter of means , a guy i used to work with said that him and his wife were saving around # 600 a month on a cigarettes when they moved onto e-cigarettes . 
  it 's the same in the uk . 
  high schools pride themselves on how many kids they can get into uni , regardless of how pointless the degree is , and it 's pretty much uni or bust . 
  this has changed my mind about ever hooking up with her . 
  i genuinely wo n't be surprised if someone does get her pregnant in the next two years though . 
  do n't speak too soon ... , 
  fuck it , have a beer . 
  i know what this condition is because jd had it in scrubs and kept passing out when he was taking a dump . 
  the only thing i liked about times square was jimmy 's corner . 
  apparently it 's the last dive bar at times square , 140 west 44th street . 
  sat and listened to them at a festival recently having never even heard of them before , and now i ca n't stop listening to them . 
  such chilled out music . 
  and it 's even worse without them . 
  the rest of us are trying but the rest of the stadium are n't really responding . 
  it 's also only half time . 
  frustrating game tonight . 
  we seriously lacked a striker and the guys who are still singing when the game is a bit flat . 
  rosenborg set up for a draw . 
  and they got it . 
  we needed griff or dembele to hold the ball up and make runs in behind to drag the central defenders around a bit and create space . 
  rogic is n't the type of player to do that . 
  ajer was our best player , thought he marshalled bedtner well and looked composed for the most part . 
  still a lot of learning to do mind you . 
  apart from 10 minutes in the second half where they should 've scored , rosenborg were pish and offered absolutely nothing to the game . 
  bedtner has to be the worst football player on the planet . 
  we missed the green brigade tonight . 
  the rest of the standing section tried to get the place going , but it never really worked . 
  as the game wore on the wider support grew more frustrated and were getting on the players backs more . 
  something i hate seeing , but i ca n't change it . 
  bhoys celtic tried too , but there 's not many of them and they 're stuck away up in the gods . 
  all in all , not the worst result . 
  if we have at least griff back for next week i think we 'll get a result . 
  we just need to get the first goal and the tie is in our favour . 
  i remember a crowd of at least 50-70 people walking through the school halls singing this on the way back to class after lunch , and the senior teachers looking so perplexed . 
  fun times . 
  sure it 's nice having someone around , but i 'm also quite content living life in relative solitude . 
  i play the field and see what 's out there , but at the same time i do n't need to have someone around all the time to be happy . 
  plus i get to do what i want , when i want . 
  he was so chill in the pool too !, 
   problem is , in technical roles , often times the best managers are shitty techs and good techs make terrible managers . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  in my previous job , i had a manager who had 0 technical experience . 
  he also had 0 people skills as well as a hard on for being a cunt . 
  he has never lasted long in any position he 's been in in the company before his staff had a full scale revolt against him . 
   gordon strachan, 
  reporter : gordon , can i have a quick word ? 
  gs : velocity . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  want some salt for that chip ? 
  are you a scorned wife/husband ? 
  a juice box ... 
  against england tierney played as the left cb in a back three and robertson played as a left wing back . 
  against lithuania ( i think it was ) robertson played at his usual left back while tierney played at right back . 
  scottish water is best water . 
  seriously , after a few days abroad i 'm longing to wash my hair using good old loch katrine 's water . 
  there 's just something so clean and fresh about it . 
  kris commons and his wife/gf lisa hague do a ridiculous amount of charity work . 
  they do a lot for the poor communities in glasgow , as well as charities that help families with still born kids . 
  i 'm actually sure they helped finance ( or did a lot of fund raising ) to have a facility built in the new southern general that supports families with still born kids . 
  that 's the scottish way . 
  have the green brigade been blamed for this yet ? 
  dat 's cold . 
  what kind of correct way to speak is that ? 
  my personal favourite is `` seeing a friend off to the coast '' . 
   for being ` eager to defend islam ', 
  wit ? 
  good luck mate . 
  i nutmegged tony watt . 
  i have a suspected mosquito bite that 's transformed into a massive red circle on my arm . 
  i probably should go to the doctors , but i have n't been there in years and do n't know what to do . 
  i also have a friend who has become a ` business coach ' and simultaneously punting ` health ' products similar to what herbalife is . 
  she 's a lovely person and i do like her , but the facebook and instagram posts that are clearly pre-written by some pr department are starting to become insufferable . 
  people who leave the trolley in a parking space . 
  my friend does this and then complains to me that she 's worried she 'll get pregnant or catch an std . 
  i know condoms are n't exactly amazing for the feeling , but if you 're that worried it 's not that bad to stick one on or make someone wear one !, 
  but then said teachers who claim this go and get drunk on a friday after work . 
  hanging up clothes that i 've just ironed . 
  a girl i 've been chatting to asked me this recently and got offended when i said that i 've never thought about it so i ca n't say that i have a ` type ' . 
  one of my best mates is chronically late . 
  it used to frustrate me no end . 
  we 'd agree to meet in the pub at 8 , i 'd be there at 8 , standing at the bar myself and he 'd turn up at 9:15 . 
  i 'd be halfway drunk by this point . 
  i got to the point that i now suggest a time at least an hour earlier than i knew he 'd be there so as to not be standing at the bar myself for an hour . 
   switzerland, 
  beautiful country . 
  take lots of money though . 
  shit is expensive there . 
  haha yeah nyc is expensive too !, 
  price wise is geneva more expensive than the rest of switzerland , or is everywhere pretty equal when it comes to prices ? 
  i can get them in my local corner shop for under a pound . 
  where have you been hiding ? 
  have you heard of the famous tommy tangos ? 
  also i 'm sure my local tesco sells them !, 
  tommy robinson is a plastic hard man . 
  now it 's just sad : /, 
  since you support sunderland i have a little sympathy for you . 
  i 'll let you have this one . 
  i 've only seen two videos . 
  as far as i 'm aware tommy robinson of the edl was baiting celtic fans on twitter this week .
