  but benicassim was fucking amazing !, 
  i watched maribor train at firhill before they played against celtic in glasgow the other season . 
  it 's not something i really care about tbh . 
  this should be about 4-0 by now . 
  that number 7 for linfield is pish !, 
  spent more time on his arse than his feet so far . 
  he 's not even that good . 
  that was a training match basically . 
  ntcham looked great and benyu played well when he came on . 
  that rightback for linfield will be having nightmares about scotty as well !, 
  i even say that, 
  i can actually see this straining the relationship the green brigade have with the club quite a bit . 
  certainly more than it already seems to be strained . 
  apparently there were some problems at the lyon friendly on saturday ( i 'm not sure what they were , i was at benicassim ) and last night there was a massive police presence in the standing section . 
  these banners wo n't have helped the relationship , but they did have their desired effect ... and that was to wind up the hangers on that had joined the linfield fans . 
  if you 're playing on grass or astro-grass then i 'd say yes , go for it . 
  it makes your skin feel nice though ... 
  been to many a festival in my life , but i was at one in spain at the weekend there . 
  i decided to buy a bum bag ( fanny pack for you americans ) from the local flea market but strap it tight across my chest rather than round my waist . 
  it meant that when i was in the crowd i could easily keep at least one hand on it if need be and all my personal belongings were in front of me and i could quite clearly see them . 
  there was no need for that panic after a set making sure i still had everything i came in with . 
  beer cups will be thrown . 
  if the liquid is cold , it 's beer . 
  if it 's warm ... it 's piss . 
   barrowland is the best place for concerts, 
  can confirm . 
  am a regular at the barras . 
  i saw the 1975 a week and a half ago and matty looked like he 'd been on a week long coke binge before performing . 
  still put on a hell of a show . 
  this used to be my work schedule , but it was a rolling day off rather than every single friday . 
  it was good in one sense , but it meant i was really knackered after work in the evening and did n't really have the motivation . 
  plus being a mobile engineer meant i could be at the opposite side of the city or away up country and would get home later due to traffic . 
  it did start to wear me down . 
  in my new job though , i work a 7.2 hour day and i can be flexible ( to a degree ) with my start and finish time . 
  i usually start half an hour earlier than my contracted hours and get away half an hour earlier . 
  means i beat the rush hour traffic in the morning and evening , and i can still fit in things like the gym , doctors/dental appointments and the likes before i settle down for the night . 
  kieran tierney , callum macgregor and james forrest . 
  we signed him from hibs ten years ago . 
  i think it depends on what he does with his career . 
  if he decides to stay at celtic his entire career then the obvious answer is no . 
  he 'll become a celtic legend and likely a celtic captain , but he 'll be nowhere near world class . 
  if , in say two years , he decides to leave the club for a bigger challenge and the chance to work under a world-class coach , then i think he 'll become a top class left back . 
  maybe not world class . 
  but he certainly has the attitude , determination and character to become top player . 
  he 's shown already that he is versatile in playing at both left back and right back for the national team , plus playing as the left centre back in back 3 for both club and country . 
  it 'd be bitter sweet if he were to leave celtic . 
  he 's idolised here , but i do n't think anyone would grudge him a move to a higher challenge , purely because of his dedication to the team so far . 
   glasgow resents edinburgh 's place as capital, 
  actually i do n't . 
  i prefer that glasgow is not the capital . 
  it means it 's less expensive and less touristy . 
  there was the largest amount of police in the standing section that i 've seen since it was opened . 
  there 's usually only three or four of them standing at the entrance to 109 with their video camera but there was a significant number of them lined along all the stair wells , in the door ways to all the entrances into the standing section and at the advertising hoardings as well . 
  there was probably such a big number as a result of the pyro against hearts in the last game of last season . 
  is he still kicking about ? 
  feels like it was decades ago he played for us . 
  good god am i glad that this tie is over . 
  is actually a phrase in glaswegian dialect . 
  we found a dad over here !!, 
  i like the taste of ipa 's . 
  i like to try different ipa 's . 
  i even go as far as buying a double ipa on occasion . 
  do n't get me wrong though , i 'm not snobby about it . 
  i enjoy other types of beer like lagers , pilsners , dunkels and porters/stouts . 
  it just depends on what mood i 'm in or what social situation i 'm in which depends on which type of beer i 'll drink . 
  in terms of food , my all time favourite place was le grill on the banks of lake geneva . 
  it 's a steak house and my god this steak was out of this world . 
  so juicy and tender and full of flavour , and the potatoes . 
  i 'm getting really nostalgic just thinking about it . 
  if you 're ever in geneva and like steak , i would recommend here . 
  it is expensive though ( my ex paid for dinner that night ... win ! ), 
  but it 's definitely worth the money . 
  in terms of service , there 's a chinese restaurant in glasgow called the lychee that is just top notch . 
  the owner is in working all sorts of crazy hours and has an excellent relationship with all his regular customers . 
  the food is top notch as well . 
  i have a car . 
  there 's been a few that have made me well up , but toy story 3 had me in full blown tears . 
  the worst of it was , after seeing it once with my family , i went back for more with my mates !, 
  i know a shit load of people who use fake names because they are either teachers or student teachers . 
  as far as i 'm aware , facebook have n't sent them a request asking for id . 
  excellent result for aberdeen . 
  christie looks confident . 
  this is what i want to see as a celtic fan . 
  i actually had to go back to the thread on r/scottishfootball to double check that it was you made this dad joke . 
  as someone else there said ... wooft !, 
  bacon . 
  where in germany ? 
  it 's a great country !, 
  glasgow to melbourne is the furtherst i 've ever been . 
  see when hit that first shot slap bang in the middle of the sweet spot , and you watch it sail through the sky , it 's one of the most satisfying feelings on earth . 
  buy a shit load of gig tickets , go and see your football team away in europe ( x2 ) and go mad with the festivals . 
  that 's what i 've done and a year on i 'm actually glad she broke up with me . 
  two festivals , two weekends in a row has really taken it out of me , but my god i 'd give anything to go and do it all again . 
  benicassim is one of the best things i 've ever experienced . 
  rhcp , biffy , kasabian , slaves and stormzy were all class , plus i listened to some new music while i was there and it was all excellent . 
  i even met isaac from slaves in the crowd at 5am on monday morning !, 
  i loved it that much i 've already booked the time off work to go back next year . 
  also , i switched job a few months ago and recently i 've been wondering if i made the right move . 
  i spoke to a former colleague on the phone earlier today and the way he was talking , by fuck did i do the right thing . 
  i 'll admit that i was pretty underwhelmed with the signings of ntcham and benyu , but after seeing them both play against linfield midweek ( i know it 's hardly the biggest test ) they both have massive potential and look genuine exciting players .
