  the trains are clean , efficient , run regularly and not too expensive . 
  ahh do n't get me wrong , i 'm well aware that there are fans of some clubs who are notoriously aggressive , but from my experiences so far ( 1860 munich , fc st pauli , greuther furth and borussia monchengladbach ) the fans have been excellent . 
  now that 's just bad for the environment . 
  back in the mid-nineties before celtic park was rebuilt , the board considered moving the stadium from parkhead to cambuslang . 
  although geographically it looks part of glasgow , it 's actually under the control of ( for some bizarre reason ) south lanarkshire . 
  not a so , but me to my ex . 
  i booked a trip to munich to visit my mate who was living there and did n't tell her for like a month and a half . 
  this was particularly significant because i had avoided going on holiday with her and chose going away with my mates instead . 
  when i eventually told her , it was the beginning of the end for our relationship . 
  the herbalife health clubs are pretty sketchy too . 
  it really infuriates me when people in my office pour the water for my coffee for me ... especially before i 've put my milk in . 
  i get that they 're trying to be nice , but for gods sake they up pouring too much in and not leaving enough room for my milk . 
  can confirm . 
  bellshill and mossend are shithole wee towns that make my adjacent shithole wee town look fantastic . 
  the people who have the mic too close to their mouth and also breathe far too heavily . 
  fuck those people . 
  she was already really pissed off with me that i 'd went three holidays with my mates and none with her . 
  so i did n't really know how to break it to her without her flipping out on me . 
  turns out that no matter how i told her , she was going to freak out . 
  i was in this relationship in my late teens and early twenties and i was of the mind set that i do all the travelling/partying with my mates while i 'm young and then do all the couples holidays later in life . 
  she felt differently . 
  welcome to the on call life mate . 
  go to the football . 
  there are plenty tinder girls out there . 
  to be honest i do n't expect , nor am i looking for any sympathy . 
  it was just a story from my past that was relevant to the question being asked in the op . 
  in fact , things have worked out for the both of us . 
  she 's with someone that 's more compatible with what she wants and i 'm rather satisfied with what i 'm doing with my own life . 
  i ca n't see it ... 
  there is hope for us yet !, 
  the celtic supporters link to palestine is n't really anything to do with religion though . 
  it 's more of a political solidarity through the belief that the palestinian people are being oppressed by the state of israel . 
  he 's from iraq . 
  we 're not due to play hearts away until the middle of december , and if memory serves me correctly the new stand at tynecastle is supposed to be finished by then . 
  a few years ago , not long after i passed my driving test and had got my first car , i went a drive through the back roads of west central scotland . 
  it was a beautiful sunny evening and i had the windows down and innerspeaker by tame impala on . 
  to this day it was one of the best drives i 've ever went on . 
  one of the supermarkets in the uk briefly sold kangaroo steaks . 
  very pleasant , would eat again . 
  i drove from brisbane to sydney and then melbourne to apollo bay . 
  i did n't see a single kangaroo !, 
  yeah not a single one . 
  to be fair though we were driving probably from lunch to around 4/5 in the afternoon so maybe that 's why we did n't see any . 
  what i did see though was an awful lot of cars that looked like they 'd just been abandoned by side the of the road . 
  i do n't see you getting past us . 
  bayern are n't looking their hottest these days , you could definitely sneak a couple of wins in there !, 
  shat it . 
   if we only focus on rangers being punished we 're missing the point here, 
  perhaps this is what they want to limit the scope of ` debate ' to . 
  i would n't be surprised if the aberdeen board are the next to publicly come out against it . 
  stewart milne wo n't to have this affect his ability to sell houses in west central scotland . 
  i 've seen that quite a bit over the last few years . 
  not sure why it 's there though . 
  that 's a bastard of trip for a monday night , but there 's a ridiculous amount st pauli fans there . 
  nurenberg matches . 
  st pauli are looking so bad at the back . 
  they might get a goal or two , but they 're definitely going to concede at some point . 
  it 's the same in the uk . 
  for a long time i felt pressured , both by my school teachers and my parents to go to university . 
  in the end i decided that it was n't for me and i went out and got an apprenticeship with a fairly big company and i 'm doing pretty well financially five years after leaving high school . 
  the only thing i regret about not going to uni is the social aspect of it . 
  however i still have managed to live that life through my close mates who did go to uni . 
  i originally thought you guys were going to win the game . 
  looking decent on the counter attack and had quite a few decent chances . 
  then st pauli popped up with that goal . 
  this is actually how we live in scotland . 
  please tell me you tried a square sausage ? 
  not sure if you 've tried , but i 'm a fan of bellhaven black in particular . 
  ahh wonderful !, 
  hope you enjoyed it . 
  god that episode had me in uncontrollable tears . 
  am scottish , this is a default setting . 
  i read somewhere that uefa and the eu have agreed to increase security at champions league games this season given the ongoing terror threat through out europe . 
  even domestically this season the police have been blocking springfield road at both parkhead cross and london road with some vans after the games in order to prevent someone coming down the road in a van/car etc and running people down . 
  wit ? 
  as per the rules , the home team are only required to give 5 % of their capacity to the away team . 
  we were in with little to no chance of actually winning tonight , but we were too exposed with the way we were set up to play tonight . 
  particularly our two full backs who had two players running at them every time psg came forward . 
  i have to admit psg were easily the best to come and play at celtic park . 
  so calm and efficient on the ball , defended impeccably and the front three were pretty silky . 
  neymar is a cunt though . 
  fair play to our own support , we stuck by the team and continued cheering and singing them on despite the result . 
  the psg fans were noisy and boisterous themselves ... fair play . 
  there also seemed to be a bit of mutual respect between the two supports . 
  that guy was a fucking idiot for running on the pitch though , and was rightly given dogs abuse for his antics . 
  all in all , not a great night for us . 
  away and wind your neck in you prick . 
  jeez there 's a right bunch of bed wetters in this thread . 
  fuck it . 
  well in tony lad . 
  baiting us ? 
  i wonder what it is about celtic that seems to get so many english a little over excited ? 
  i was way to young to remember that , but my dad told me about that game recently . 
  he also said that he was the only one of his mates who could n't make the return leg in paris as money was tight for him and my mum at the time . 
  his mates did seem to have a good time though . 
   yep , for example if he had outlined the specific way that the economic crisis of '09 had impacted on the housing market in downtown edinburgh , causing his mother to have to sell up at a major loss impacting her already minor pension , which ... 
  reign that in there lad , ca n't be talking like that about someones mother !, 
  never a foul on neymar and he was rightfully booked for his god awful attempt at a dive . 
  it 's obvious a lot of people commenting have never actually played football . 
  it 's more celtic vs neymar .
