  there is a rail in every row , so that there are no crowd surges during the game . 
  my season ticket this year is in the safe standing . 
  the seats are actually metal , rather than plastic and they 're pretty heavy as well , but near impossible to get out ( unless you planning on bringing some screw drivers and a buzz saw to the stadium . 
  i believe it happened to joey barton when he was suspended for about 8 games a few years ago . 
  he moved to l'om on loan from qpr , but then had to serve the rest of his suspension on france . 
  a good chunk of the internet is just a cesspool of twats *, 
  if i was a charlton fan i 'd tell them to stick their season ticket up their arse . 
  it seems mad they wanted to change the name in the place . 
  md 20/20 mate !, 
  the company i work for do n't pay managers for any extra work that they do . 
  and in my position , on my salary it 's actually financially better for me to remain as an engineer with call outs/over time , than for me to be a level 1 or level 2 manager . 
  unless i have aspirations to work up to senior management then it does n't make sense for me to apply for management roles . 
  chippies outside of scotland are fucking terrible . 
  is it ` the surgery ' ? 
  because i believe there was an announcement made by an nhs psychologist recently that too much exposure to porn has caused an increase in the number of guys between 18-25 having erectile dysfunction . 
  when you work for bt and call 2nd line support ... 
  which is often based in india . 
  i 've always been sick of it . 
  the asda 's as well ... 
  post office branches , tesco ( supermarkets ) and surprisingly , pawn shops will exchange currency . 
  for some reason the pawn shops seem to have he best rates . 
  i 'd say do both . 
  completely different cities , lots to do in both . 
  also saint andrews and maybe a trip to the highlands . 
  you 're definitely not short of options . 
  as someone in the standing area , half time came at the perfect time for me , but the worst time for the team . 
  it happens so often in football , and it happened to us tonight . 
  we were cruising , but half time disrupted our flow , and after half time we took longer than we should 've to get back into it . 
  credit to rodgers , rogic looked knackered and we were n't getting up the pitch as quick as a result . 
  bringing on dembele brought more energy , and obviously a much needed goal . 
  also , he must be praised for bringing on bitton to provide a bit of calmness to our play in the middle of the park . 
  can always trust celtic to really play with the old ticker . 
  i would n't have it any other way ( although tonight could 've passed without the flashbacks to malm\u00f6 ) . 
  who the hell makes up these rumours ? 
  hail hail niallniallniall mate, 
  did n't they beat your team to the league last season ? 
  probably due to european cities being significantly older than american cities , with european cities being built before motor vehicles were ever thought of . 
  i would say to america ( more so your corporations than anyone else ), 
  stop trying to americanise everywhere else . 
  we dont want to be american the way you dont want to be european !, 
  from my experience , on the continent they are taught english at pre-school level . 
  in the uk we get french , when we are 10 ( one year before secondary school ) and it 's usually taught by a teacher who is n't actually qualified . 
  we the have the option to the go on and pursue that language in secondary school . 
  `` well in my country we wipe out arses with toilet roll . 
  we do n't have your fancy beday ** '', 
  ** i do n't know the correct spelling for the like mini toilet used to clean your arse . 
  we call your sport hand egg . 
  organise some trade unions then . 
  your corporations are n't going to give you it if you moan on the internet . 
  id say it was the red army that saved us ... 
  university education is no longer free in england and wales . 
  in scotland , your first four years are , but if you want to pursue a master or a phd you need to pay for it yourself ( i think ) . 
  i 'm not directly telling you to do this , but maybe it 's something that should be done underground , to begin with . 
  get enough people on board and do the best to coordinate with industry unions so that you have a big enough number to then take on the companies . 
  it was by any matter of means an easy process in europe and people really had to fight for their rights . 
  it 's worth it in so many ways . 
  the_donald subreddit would go into serious meltdown . 
  it brings great pleasure for every other football fan in scotland to bait them . 
  the only thing of substance joey barton has done in his footballing career is get done for assault . 
  i 'm quite glad of his decision . 
  his body looked to be giving up on him last season , but some time off and a new manager ( and background staff ) seem to have given him a new lease of life at celtic . 
  let 's hope he can stay fit and play the rest of the season like he 's played the last few games . 
  it makes the game seem more fun . 
  is n't sviatchenko still recovering from an injury ? 
  players being booked for celebrating is a fucking ridiculous rule . 
  o'connell has my been playing too badly , and managers do n't really change central defenders unless they 're injured or the team is under the kosh . 
  betting on rangers to win the spfl sounds like a bigger mistake to me ... 
  it 's all of dodgey dave kings missing tax returns that 's funding it . 
  the saga is n't over yet ... 
  i was always under the impression that bremen 's ultras were left wing . 
  has this changed in recent years ? 
  he picked up a ligament injury and had to have surgery recently as well . 
  he 's only just recently returned to training . 
  i do n't how you can blame o'connell for be'er sheeva 's first goal . 
  it was callum macgregors man . 
  macgregor stopped running with his man allowing him a the shot at goal . 
  wake me up when you get new patter . 
  i highly doubt these events alone would end terrorism . 
  what the america 's ( continuing ) leading role in the destabilising the middle east . 
  also , you have russia who has joined the fray recently ( under different motives ) . 
  this makes absolutely no sense . 
  do not date . 
  do not enter a serious relationship . 
  have fun . 
  all my local corner shops have been that for years . 
  yours is late to the game . 
  and we still damn well fucking enjoy it . 
  well it 's a nice thing to know for those of us who may decide to party in london and need to take the tube back to the hotel . 
  fuck off with that pish . 
  he 's one of the only players i 've seen the be brought on as a substitute and then substituted off later in the same game . 
  we were shocking in the first half . 
  let 's not panic though . 
  that was squeaky bum time x1 ,000,000, 
  i would take that . 
  keep me a space in the westfalenstadion !, 
  come back when you get past astra please . 
  boruc vs man united, 
  booked my flights and accommodation for monchengladbach already . 
  i 'll probably go down to manchester too . 
  i 'm not really caring anymore about the results .
