  one year we had one guy follow us for a good ten minutes trying to get us to go into his bar , the prick just would n't take no for an answer . 
  downvote central here !, 
  some would say he 's ... obsessed . 
  i 'm getting fucking hammered this weekend . 
  two weeks on call is terrible . 
  if you have a gym with a steam room and/or a jacuzzi , go there . 
  take loads of water . 
  hangover gone in less than an hour . 
  md 20/20 is indeed quite a popular drink here . 
  can you get more than the standard blue , yellow , red and green flavours in america ? 
  as far as i can gather we 're opting out of taking them rather than uefa mandating that we wo n't be allowed any . 
  so it 'll be up to linfield if they want to take their allocation here . 
  when did celtic fight protestants on the 12th ? 
  is there some part of history that we are n't being taught in schools ? 
  terrible situation for the club to find itself in . 
  watching youtube videos of gate13 when i was younger was what got me into following the ultras culture . 
  in full flow it 's a thing of beauty . 
  how did mubarak wakaso play over the season ? 
  he was somewhat underwhelming when he was on loan at us . 
  this was announced last week was it not ? 
  expect the downvotes for pointing this out !, 
  he 's a youth player , so no one really cares haha !, 
  certainly not from our side . 
  they are . 
  their squad last season was abysmal and caxinha wants to bring in his own players . 
  they also have to play in the first round of el qualifiers at the end of june or the start of july so caxinha is getting his transfer business done early to get his squad sorted . 
  getting out yer nut with the lads . 
  perhaps we can all agree that a few of rangers nine in a row years do n't count because celtic were fucked because of the kelly 's . 
  or does it not work like that ? 
  where did the gb shite out of anything ? 
  can i get the number for davey 's dealer ? 
  precisely this . 
  it 's not our fault they spent money they did n't have and were liquidated as result . 
  and good fucking riddance to them if it happens again . 
  going by davey 's logic does that mean we should n't recognise a few of rangers nine a row years because celtic were financially fucked because of the kelly 's and were n't a challenge to rangers ? 
  the hangover is real today . 
   that only play football to win games, 
  i do n't think this really warrants a serious response but perhaps this is the culture and philosophy at real madrid . 
  at the end of the day the main objective in football is to win football games and trophies , and real madrid is a club that is built around this philosophy . 
  they constantly strive to win . 
  you might not like it but that 's what it is . 
  also , why the newcastle flair if you claim to support man city in your post ? 
  i 've been ghosted and i 've been the ghoster . 
  not everybody is going to be ` the one ' and i 'm not going to be everybody 's ` the one ' . 
  for me , personally , accepting this makes it that much easier for me to get over it when it does happen . 
  also , try not to over analyse it . 
  shit happens . 
  life moves on and over thinking it does n't help you in the long run . 
  they 're still at stage one in the five stages of grief . 
  neds . 
  r/soccer is my favourite . 
  it 's the hobby i 'm most interested in and i enjoy chatting , debating and having banter with fans of other teams throughout the world rather than just my own team . 
  the daily discussion threads and free talk friday threads are the best . 
  r/showerbeer is a good one as well . 
  r/foodporn , r/cableporn amd r/scottishpeopletwitter pretty cool too . 
  not a football related discussion , but the killers at glastobury yesterday looked incredible . 
  especially since it was in the tent rather than on one of the bigger stages . 
  anyone else got any act from glastonbury that they particularly enjoyed ? 
  i 've heard that recently on radio 1 , it is quite a good song !, 
  finished last night man , but there 's highlights on the bbc 's website for pretty much most of the acts who played . 
  i watched their set as well , they did look excellent . 
  you sir , have just earned my downvote !, 
  i 've been to every t in the park in scotland since i was 16 and i 've seen some pretty hilarious and occasionally fucked up things , so i have a few stories . 
  the most memorable being a guy locked in a portaloo with two people ( i 'm assuming they were his mates ) either side booting the thing so it was rocking back and forward . 
  one of them booted this thing too heavily and the portaloo toppled over , but went down in stages as everyone around watched on in a mixture of disbelief and horror . 
  when the thing finally fell over piss and shit drenched the guy . 
  i think the guy was too fucked out his head to care too much about what happened because when they got him out he seemed in rather jovial spirits for someone who 'd just been drenched in piss and shit . 
  on a more light-hearted note , the year previous to that the festival was pretty much entirely flooded the rain was that heavy . 
  i 'm talking swamp like mud that went 3/4 's of the way up your wellies ... and as we were miserably trudging through the swamp there was a guy sitting in his camping chair with a can of stella , snapped tent pole and a bit string pretending he was fishing . 
  that brought a smile to our faces that weekend . 
  normal rules and etiquette go out the window at british festivals . 
  the best way to enjoy them is to say ` fuck it ' and join the madness !, 
  you are aware of what time of year it is ? 
  you are aware of what happens in belfast at this time of year ? 
  you are aware of what type of arsehole from glasgow and the west of scotland goes over to belfast at that time of year , and what they go for ? 
  if the psni feel they ca n't adequately police the event without something occurring inside or outside the stadium , then why should celtic feel compelled to put their supporters in a situation where there 's quite the potential for trouble ? 
  and fair play to linfield for that . 
  however , it does n't just come down what goes on at the stadium . 
  it comes down to the wider situation . 
  you know , the fact that it 's the time of year that there 's large numbers of people who will be out and about celebrating orangeman 's day . 
  people who do n't particularly like celtic and what celtic stands for ( and vice versa ) . 
  do the psni have the resources to police multiple large , powder keg events at different points throughout the city ? 
  it 's unfortunate and extraordinary circumstances , but the club have obviously made a decision by taking the safety of their supporters not just at the game itself , but in and around the city before and after the game , into consideration . 
  precisely this . 
  and it wo n't be at the stadium that trouble will likely occur . 
  it 'll most likely be in the streets before and after the game . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  i have a sporting cp top . 
  got it when i was younger on holiday in portugal . 
  sixty years ago an 11 year old girl in my town went missing . 
  as far as i 'm aware they still have n't found her body , but they recently searched a local canal as they suspected her remains were there . 
  there was a woman who grew up here who suspected that her father was involved . 
  she apparently based this on her father being known as a philanderer and paedophile . 
  she campaigned for her father to be investigated and brought to justice but he died in 2006 and that lead went cold . 
  it 's still something that my grandparents and great aunts/uncles talk about as they were all around the same age as her so it resonates with them . 
  as i said though , they do n't seem to be close to finding out who it was . 
  oh god . 
  ruined my own city for me now !, 
  as a frequenter of music festivals since i was sixteen i 've become desensitised to this . 
  there 's a restaurant where i 'm from called bon appetite .
