  i just care about the party now . 
  since the turn of the decade i believe this is the third time we 've drawn them in the group stages . 
  tennents . 
  worst . 
  beer . 
  ever . 
  please explain ... 
  maybe he now knows how it feels to be assaulted ... 
  maybe joey will have a mid life crisis after this tackle ? 
  see tbh ... who really cares whether it 's normal or not . 
  live and let fucking live . 
  tennents super ? 
  if your alcoholic ukrainian friend refuses to drink it , then yes , it is shit . 
  big derby . 
  will be good to see the photos of the supporter actions in the stands . 
  what is the situation with the hansa rostock 's ultras ... are they right wing ? 
  it would be nice to have a scottish player at a club like bayern . 
  healthcare certainly is n't free , not in the uk anyway . 
  it 's paid for through our national insurance , which every working person ( correct me if i 'm wrong someone ) pays into . 
  it then becomes free at the point of use , and saves us thousands on medical bills . 
  that 's the situation just . 
  it might not be for long though if the tories get their way . 
  i 'm also not sure how our water works . 
  for a good laugh and some friendly locals i 'd visit the budgie . 
  right warm atmosphere at they do a cracking pint too . 
  where is this ? 
  i believe the daily records offices are down by the clyde . 
  i had a physics teacher at my school who was a devout catholic . 
  i also had a chemistry teacher that went on trips to lourdes . 
  damn , you beat me to it . 
  i already have that ... 
  hit the sesh . 
  we 'll fuck shit up and leave . 
  we 'll then periodically come back and fuck shit up even more . 
  if you 're going to edinburgh castle , bring a jacket and an umbrella . 
  there 's always a 99 % chance it 'll rain . 
  says who ? 
  i 've never done it , but it 's shit when you 're the other one . 
  we could maybe enjoy life knowing that some of the state surveillance apparatus was offline ... 
  when the sun explodes , i intend on already pushing daisies . 
  that wo n't bother me . 
  my brother was only just recently seriously punished ( by having his phone taken off him ) for the first time . 
  he 's 13 . 
  by 13 i 'd been grounded for much less than what he gets away with . 
  because kicking flaming cunts in the baws is our thing . 
  fair play to him then, 
  what ?!, 
  the mental image of this caused me to laugh hysterically in work there . 
  it 's not so much glasgow city centre that you have to worry about . 
  it 's the schemes and towns in the surrounding areas where the live cctv feed should come from !, 
  there csc 's and rsc in america . 
  one i can think of off the top of my head is the manhatten csc 's . 
  you have to remember the large irish american population , and the population of ex-pats from the west of scotland ( and the rest of scotland ) . 
  celtic and rangers game have kicked off in the evening in the past ... 
  but it 's always been on like a tuesday or wednesday evening , when everyone has work . 
  the only time it has n't done so is 2011 ( i think ) where celtic were at home on the 27th of december , even then there was n't much trouble , despite most people being on the lash all day . 
  it 's not that difficult to understand really . 
  i 'm hoping he gets a hat trick, 
  most sane people are n't offended by those words . 
  only people with a real chip on their shoulder . 
  your love cheating do n't they ... 
  but do rangers have any money to pay for the repairs ? 
  that 's the big question ... 
  we 'll just send them an invoice with the cost of the damage ... and then watch as they scrimp and scrape to pay us . 
  something tells me you were ripped off mate ... 
  something tells me you were ripped off mate ... 
  that 's government cuts for you mate . 
  bbc 3 done the same with family guy, 
  why does the fish that your pub serves smell so shit ? 
  people who call it tesco 's . 
  restart life . 
  there is no s at the end . 
  it 's the same with ` the asda 's ' . 
  do people still read the daily record ? 
  the sooner that rag disappears the better . 
  people get all uppity about it . 
  it creates drama and sells newspapers . 
  celtic will send sevco the bill , the bill might get paid and everyone will forget about it in a week . 
  tell me about it . 
  so is every other big city i 've been to as well . 
  bt sport cover a fair whack of german football . 
  can we take a defender off and put craig gordon in goal alongside de vries ? 
  well that was a pumping . 
  i would maybe started with rogic in a further forward position in midfield ( to attempt to get closer to dembele ) . 
  in saying that , it was always going to be a struggle tonight . 
  the police love it . 
  they 're getting tidy overtime pay for it . 
  plus the games generally pass off with little to no violence these day . 
  most arrests are for singing a song that someone else does n't like and what have you . 
  where it becomes a problem are the people who 've been in the pub all day getting bevvied and they start arguing amongst themselves, 
  useless ? 
  what were you expecting them to do ? 
  go in with the batons and crack some skulls ? 
  do you know what 'll happen ? 
  rather than go in and risk something kicking off , police scotland ( if they think they 'll get a charge out of it ) will watch the cctv footage , pick out who they need to pick out and then go battering down some doors at 3am . 
  but if your wanting people arrested for ` abuse ' then surely we can expect arrests for folk singing about being ` up to their knees in fenian blood ' and the rest of it all . 
  but that 's getting into a ` whataboutery ' argument , and tbh i do n't give a fuck either way . 
  it happened after the scottish cup final in may . 
  the police contained the situation , let everyone have their little fight , and then made arrests in the months following . 
  maybe they did n't quite batter down doors at 3am , but they certainly picked up who they needed to in the months following .
