  if he 's getting some form of game time and platform to showcase his abilities then i 'll be happy . 
  i 'm certainly positive he can have some degree of success with you guys . 
  i was at the game in the eithad between celtic and city back in december and , taking into consideration you guys had a fair few squad players playing that night , he more than handled himself . 
  he also came on against monchengladbach and completely changed the game for us , giving us a bit more of an attacking edge and putting us on the front foot . 
  can we keep moussa for one more season at least ? 
  ahh i see ... thanks for that . 
  i use sky go on the ipad and the stream is 10/15 seconds ( sometimes longer ) behind . 
  i 'll know through the group chat with my mates that celtic have scored before it has actually happened on the ipad . 
  send mor to us ... he could be the new paddy roberts for us !, 
  shock horror , football fans are a fickle bunch . 
  sorry for the sarcasm . 
  whoever goes in van dijk i hope they spend a lot of money on him ... it will be good for celtic !, 
  the court case is only against craig whyte at the moment . 
  i believe everyone else that was involved in the sale of the club from david murray to craig whyte has had their charges dropped . 
  how come the dfb pokal semi finals are n't played in a neutral venue ? 
  is there a toilet on a helicopter though ? 
  you know in case of an emergency situation ... 
  given his price tag people are probably expecting 3 wonder goals ( similar to those we 've already seen him score with juve ) a game . 
  thankfully there are people in the game who see his ` less obvious ' contributions to the team . 
  i 've taken to just using google . 
  i figured that i was only really keeping an eye out for a few teams results and that i did n't really need the sky sports app . 
  i google the team i 'm looking out for and it gives me up to date scores and league tables . 
  it 's a family thing . 
  passed from grandfather ( s ) to father and then to me . 
  what happened to la masia ? 
  once upon a time we were told it was producing world class talent . 
  he scored twice in his first against utrecht in an el qualifier and played amazing . 
  he seemed to get what the club was all about . 
  he then only made a hand full of appearances and quickly disappeared back to mexico . 
  the story goes that he was caught doing coke . 
  perhaps the referee on sunday sealed the fate of this for not sending off halliday for his assault on roberts . 
  edit : or it could be scottish refereeing in general . 
  i remember when a motherwell player was only booked for catching kieran tierney on the knee earlier in the season , and was only booked by the same referee who sent brown off against county . 
  welcome to scottish football . 
  i remember back in 2012 , it was said with hushed voices that the ebt scandal that rangers were involved would pave the way for bigger cases in england . 
  is this it finally coming to fruition ? 
  i ca n't actually remember rodgers expressing his opinions on what colour the card should 've been . 
  does anyone know if john souttar is back from injury yet ? 
  i agree there 's no conspiracy and that the standard of refereeing in scotland is abysmal as can be seen across the board . 
  i 'm not gon na lie though , the reaction to this on followfollow and rangersmedia has been a great source of hilarity this afternoon . 
  imagine this kid got rejected at a job interview ? 
  to be fair , the guy in the photo on the left does have a crudely drawn swastika drawn onto his mask ... 
  please do n't take this as me saying that all ukrainians are nazis though . 
  i 'm not . 
  jeez only the sun could make a cunt of geography this badly . 
  is it any wonder people do n't take this rag seriously in the uk ? 
  bloody excellent . 
  long shot ... looking for one or possibly two spares for ibrox tomorrow . 
  ( i know i 'm leaving it late , but a redditor has come good for me before looking for last minute tickets ) . 
  stick a tenner on 0-0 . 
  basically arseholes then ? 
  some people have made a career and a damn good living out of this ... 
  i got shit from my mates cause one of them posted a link to the sunsport website in the group chat and i made a point of refusing to open the link . 
  i refuse to give them the clicks all the same as i refuse to give them the money . 
  i hope everyone except my city rivals have a good a good day today . 
  i want another green and white party at ibrox !, 
  jozo simunovics tackle on kenny miller . 
  jozo is my hero . 
  that was an excellent tackle, 
  jozo is my hero, 
  is n't that pretty much every slide tackle though ? 
  tell your fellow swedes he 's a lovable guy !, 
  has that ever happened before ? 
  it 's easy for me to say , but why does beerman dive in like that ? 
  everyone can see that roberts is going away from the goal !, 
  why not stand him up and let him turn ? 
  this . 
  i refuse to buy the most papers . 
  particularly the daily mail and the sun . 
  i refuse to watch the videos they post on social media and point blank refuse to give them the clicks on their websites . 
  i told my friends not to send links to their football stories into the group chat because i detest the papers . 
  both of them are cesspits of hate , from front cover to back page . 
  a strange phenomenon who lives life permanently offside . 
  what a day yesterday was . 
  beating them 5-1 at ibrox then going to see christy moore later on and continuing the party . 
  the only downside for me was the the club changed the criteria for dishing out tickets and i could n't get one for love nor money . 
  this is the only game against rangers this season i could n't attend !, 
  because king kenny may need a hip replacement after that tackle and wo n't be there best player again ? 
  and the timing was perfect . 
  wins the ball and kenny miller runs into his upper body . 
  play on . 
  he got back up and scored later in the match . 
  stretching to reach the ball is natural in a slide tackle ? 
  have you ever performed a slide tackle before ? 
  kenny miller runs into after jozo had won the ball cleanly . 
  oft did n't see this one coming !, 
  anyway good luck to him , he 's a decent holding midfielder , but would be a bit of a blow to aberdeen going forward . 
  it 's nice to see scottish talent willing to try something different rather than rot away in the lower leagues of english football . 
  you guys could be lucky to get ryan jack . 
  especially if it 's true that that mls team are after him . 
  why are you giving it up lad ? 
  ahh !, 
  it must be gutting having to give it up . 
  where you off travelling to ? 
  that 's exactly the performance i wanted against you lot on saturday . 
  pedro has a big rebuilding job on his hands . 
  his two main problems i think are 1 ) can he shift the dead wood that currently takes up the wage bill ? 
  in fact , will these guys want to give up their decent pay packet so easily ? 
  and 2 ) will dave king stump up the cash that would be required ? 
  and if he does , will it be spent wisely ?
