  going in bareback when the female is dry can cause you to tear your banjo string . 
  any regular match attending psg or bayern fans able to help out here ... 
  i 'm looking to attend one of these games , but tickets through celtic may be a bit difficult to come by depending on what sort of travel offer comes out through the club . 
  if the worst comes to the worst what would be the chances of getting a ticket in the home end ( if that 's even possible ) , and how acceptable would it be ? 
  for the record i did this last season at both borussia monchengladbach and at manchester city . 
  there did n't seem to be a problem at bmg and the fans roundabout me were very friendly , but in manchester it was slightly different . 
  this actually seems like a fairly common thing in german football and there does n't tend to be a lot of hassle . 
  welcome to our world ... 
   27 crates of beer were given to the squad, 
  that was just for starters . 
  eat . 
  shit . 
  am i really in a position to judge anyone 's profile when i drunkenly changed mine to ` did you ever hear the tragedy of darth plageuis the wise ? ', 
  apparently they want girls to like their dog more than them . 
   in reality if you do n't offer a club what they want for a player , they 're not going to sell to you . 
  they are n't charities . 
  til, 
  check out sean batty over here . 
  thanks for that . 
  that 's a great help !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i was in nyc last year and on my last day i gave a homeless guy about $ 5 in coins ( ca n't get coins changed back to pounds in the uk and wanted rid of them ) and as a thank you he gave me a post card with a photo of his prosthetic legs . 
  god i hate sparkling water . 
  one night i was very drunk and heading for the s-bahn back to my mates apartment and i got a bottle of water for through the night/the next morning . 
  can you imagine the horror i felt when i awoke and took a sip of that ghastly sparkling stuff ? 
   not overly expensive, 
  until the ticket inspector comes round and you have the wrong ticket . 
  you 're a tourist just off the plane , uncertain when it comes to the language and transport network ? 
  nah fuck you kid , 60euro on the spot fine . 
  northen scots are an odd bunch . 
  lovely people , but just have their quirks . 
   i knew it was rainy . 
  but i did n't realise the sun stays up until like 11 pm in the summer . 
  and goes down at like 2pm in the winter . 
  the further north you go , the less hours of dark in the summer and vice versa in the winter . 
  a couple of years ago i was at a festival in perthshire and the weather was particularly amazing . 
  i was still up at 2am and the sky still had a really light blue colour to it over the northern horizon . 
  similar thing happened to my former local bar . 
  you could in on a friday evening or a saturday and you could get a decent pint , chat with your mates and watch some football ( soccer ) if there was any on . 
  the fajitas were pretty tasty too . 
  so was the quiz they ran on a thursday night . 
  the music would get louder later on when everybody had a buzz in them and it was generally a good place to go . 
  then it got more popular and for some reason the original owner sold the place to some arsehole and his son and they basically tried to turn it turn it into a nightclub . 
  all the draught lager tastes flat now and the excellent lesser known brands have been replaced by shitty mainstream brands . 
  the music is far too loud all the time . 
  the place has been invaded by coke heads . 
  it 's a pretty shit place now and i avoid if i can . 
  there 's something about her in season 1 and 2 of scrubs that i love . 
  when i was younger i could n't stand it . 
  but as i 've gotten older i 've started to appreciate the taste of it more . 
  i was a little disappointed with bondi when i went . 
  in sydney alone i found manly to be a way better beach and a way better area . 
  plus the ben and jerry 's in manly was giving away free , unlimited ice cream !, 
  i 'm going out for drinks with a girl tonight and i ate french onion soup for lunch . 
  i think i made a rookie mistake . 
   people think nyers are rude, 
  as an outsider who visited last year , i found this stereotype to be wildly inaccurate . 
  yes there are some wacky characters on the subway and there is the odd asshole ( what big city does n't have them ) but by and large the people were fantastic , chatty and willing to help if you were lost . 
  from the restaurant and bar staff , the people who worked in the shops and tourist attractions , the guy in jimmy 's corner who loved glasgow and scotland to the guy on the subway who literally took time out of his day to help me and my family get on the right train to jfk . 
  the stereotype just does n't hold up . 
   battered deep fried sausages, 
  chip shop staple in the uk that . 
   last but not least , camel meat, 
  that 's actually something i 'd be keen on trying . 
  no matter where in the world i go , nothing beats coming home and going straight out to get a roll and square sausage . 
  i did n't have to scroll too far down to see this . 
  well played . 
  worlds hardest game . 
  because i 'm 35,000 ft in the air and it 's protection from being blinded by the sun . 
  i also ca n't be bothered sitting with sun glasses on for the duration of the flight . 
  do n't eat french onion soup then go out drinking with a girl . 
  i also appear to be having this problem with my iphone . 
  this has been happening since thursday/friday . 
  eat , shit , die . 
  currently looking to move out of my parents place and into my own place . 
  i have genuinely asked my family to donate any old furniture/utilities that are still in good condition so that i do n't have to spend a fortune getting new ones . 
  late reply i know , but i 'm sure the rule is that the attacking player will be offside even if it is a deflected off the defender . 
  the only way the attacking player would n't be offside is if it was an intentional pass backwards whilst the attacker is in an ` offside position ' . 
  i 'll take that wee slice of luck though . 
  woody harrelson and owen wilson . 
  i think it 's the nose . 
  or else you take the even more tedious option and have to type a word three times because it keeps auto-correcting . 
  just read a post on ` incels ' that was something to do with the ` ultimate black pill ' , do n't really want to link it to be honest , but holy fuck . 
  seeing the shit they post on that sub it 's no wonder they do n't get laid . 
  the people who post to that are either trolling or else they have a severe lack of self awareness . 
   this is a train that should , ideally , get me in to work 45 minutes early . 
  i personally think you need to get an earlier train . 
  what 's for mains ? 
  when you try to buy a ticket at 9am but it 's ` sold out ' at 9am , and then tickets start appearing on getmein . 
  fuck ticketmaster . 
  ahh yes , he dived and got scott brown sent off a few years ago , then had a bit of a duel with mikael lustig last season . 
  i ca n't wait to give the wee nyaff some dogs abuse next week . 
  an insufferable prick then ? 
  as a massive football ( soccer ) fan from scotland , they do the whole match day experience way better than i 've ever experienced . 
  tickets are relatively cheap and cover the use of public transport to the stadium . 
  they have an excellent and well organised fan culture ad standing areas in the stadium where these guys congregate . 
  you can get a beer in the stadium ( also the food in the stadiums is excellent ) and it 's well organised with little hassle from stewards and the police . 
  also their beer is some of the best beer i 've tasted . 
  the public transport is brilliant .
