  we need some new central defenders though . 
  guys like christoph berra and charlie mulgrew are n't a good defensive partnership if we want to make serious attempts at qualifying for major tournaments . 
  they are n't particularly quick and can be prone to costly mistakes and lapses of concentration . 
  the only problem is , i have no idea where the new guys are going to come from . 
  perhaps young guys like liam lindsay and john souttar will come good ... hopefully . 
  i witnessed a guy at 4 o'clock this morning shout towards a group of drunken scottish fans `` fuck the scotland , mon the fucking england '' . 
  the guy was scottish . 
  absolutely bizarre , but people up here will know what club he supports  . 
  also , i 've learned that going to a nightclub when you 're sober is shite . 
  never , ever again will i do that !, 
  ryan fraser looked good ( as he has done when watched the bournemouth games he 's played in ) when he came on and should be looking to get more of a look in in the future . 
  our midfield did n't have their greatest games today . 
  perhaps it was picking up an injury but morrison in particular looked poor . 
  as i said on the daily discussion , we need new central defenders . 
  take better corners for england . 
  it 's all well and good having lots of camps and clubs , but what us the quality of the coaching like ? 
  i do n't know why fraser did n't start at all . 
  he looks to be a good outlet who can get us up the park quickly , especially against a team like england where we 're going to be spending most of the game looking to counter . 
  the old govan arms . 
  i wish we 'd got joey ... 
  i was a flight from abu dhabi to australia recently and they had a documentary series by calen carr ( ex american player ) about the growing popularity of football/soccer in the states . 
  each video is only around 10-20 minutes long , but it gives quite an interesting insight into how things are progressing over there . 
  the series is called ` the movement ' for anyone who 's interested . 
  the lan in my office is great . 
  the wifi however is utter dogshit and at least once a day for around an hour it just completely stops working . 
  it also does n't help that i have ran out of data on my mobile for the rest of the month . 
  what 's the process for gaining coaching badges in different places around the world ? 
  i trialled with one youth academy here and was let go because i was ` too small ' and then played for further two in the lower leagues of scottish football . 
  the first one started great , i enjoyed playing and training and loved the coach . 
  this guy really brought my game on leaps and bounds ... he also over looked the height thing and really gave me a chance , but halfway through the season he got another role at a bigger club and left . 
  the new coach that took over was , quite frankly , a cunt and resorted to the ` you 're too small ' shite . 
  he also was n't a very good coach and the team started to regress badly so i got pissed off and left . 
  i joined another academy the following season and had a great year with them . 
  the coach could be a bit of a knob at times , but by and large he knew his stuff and he was one of the few coaches in scotland where height was n't an issue . 
  i did n't want to leave that academy at the end of the season , but the demands of training and playing were getting in the way of studying for my exams so i was encouraged to drop back down to boys club level where the demands were n't as much . 
  i kind of regret leaving that academy , but in terms of my exams and the career i now have it was n't a bad move . 
  i still play amateur level so i 've not given up entirely . 
  for celtic - henrik larsson hands down . 
  he was my idol when i was growing up . 
  the way he moved around the pitch with such elegance and skill was really something to behold as a youngster getting into football . 
  plus the goals he scored for us !, 
  he 's the one player that can still draw a crowd of 60,000 to celtic park even though he 's retired . 
  of all time - there 's i really admire , but i 'd have to settle on iniesta . 
  the way he was able to find pockets of space no one else could , get out of the tightest spaces , pick out the most exceptional passes and score the most effortless screamers . 
  for me , right now , he 's my all time favourite ,, 
  i think that nutjob who nearly fucked you lot had a massive part to play in him leaving hearts . 
  henrik larsson to celtic - # 650,000 . 
   also , these are catholics that rangers are being linked with . 
  i remember there was that story years ago where ferguson told chicharito not to pray prior to their match against rangers . 
  seems a bit weird, 
  not as big a thing now as it was in the 20th century . 
  that hatred still exists in some deep dark form , but not as prevalent as it once was ... thankfully . 
  most amateur teams in the uk are based out of pubs . 
  some barely train . 
  some barely get beat as well . 
  i remember watching a tv program about house prices in the uk and it cost something like # 1million for a one bedroom apartment somewhere in london . 
  for roughly the same price you could buy a five or 6 bedroom mansion in the scottish borders . 
  glasgow is dirt cheap in comparison to all these places . 
  # 2,220 ( 2492euro ) per square metre and even cheaper for the surrounding areas . 
  for all of you looking for cheaper property ... the weather might be shite in glasgow , but we fair know how to party !, 
  perhaps i 'm still pretty tired but i read this as you would be interviewed by someone while the two of you were riding on the subway . 
  good thing i took the time to read the expanded post haha . 
  it seems to be very common in british football , particularly scottish football . 
  players seem to be picked for their physical ability and height over their technical ability . 
  it 's probably one of the reasons why scottish football lags so far behind the rest of europe . 
   most guys seemed to think scottish football has been so bad because of the culture of drinking, 
  this is certainly a contributing factor . 
  most scottish teens start drinking roundabout 15 ( younger now if what my brother and cousin say are anything to go by ) and they begin to drop off from playing , or taking it seriously . 
  also our attitude to diet and proper nutrition over here is terrible . 
  was this the only qualification you done through the sfa or did you do the more basic qualifications ? 
  i 'm looking to start getting my badges this year and i 'm wondering what the process with the sfa is like . 
  freddie woodman was playing for kilmarnock for a bit last season . 
  in the two main train stations in glasgow it 's 30p to take a piss . 
  i know it 's not a lot but it 's the principle !, 
  the barriers to get into the toilets though are those ones which have the three or four bars that go in circle and they can be easily pulled back far enough for those of us who slim enough to sneak in and take a leak . 
  two poached eggs on toast , a few rashers of bacon and some coffee ( preferably cappuccino , but if i 'm at home just a regular coffee is fine ) . 
  this is what i was eating for breakfast when i was in australia and holy shit it 's got me hooked . 
  go on holiday ( vacation ) with her instead of your of going with your friends . 
  ps , i have no regrets about going with my friends instead of her . 
  getting up early to defrost the car . 
  going somewhere warm and having to take really cold showers at night to avoid getting too sweaty before going out . 
  i do n't think there 's anything against it providing the kid is ok with it . 
  there 's usually rules that kids overage ca n't play in ages groups below though . 
  like chelsea are doing with the dutch team ? 
  subtle . 
  what is summer ? 
  ironically , i watched this on my smartphone . 
  i had no idea this guy played with saint mirren haha !, 
  irish accents . 
  in scotland it can be used to describe someone in a positive light . 
  example : `` see that cunt over there , he 's a sound cunt '' . 
  oh i do n't think we have to worry about the lack of pride in it !, 
  if my brother and his pals are anything to go , by then teenagers never have their phones out their hands these days . 
  like at all , regardless of where they are . 
  a kid from my hometown has just signed a professional contract with celtic . 
  i used to play sunday league with his dad . 
  good to see someone local make the step up . 
  hopefully he does n't waste his potential the way tony watt did ( another hometown guy who played for celtic ) . 
  it 's nice to see players use their position and money for good causes rather than just spending it all on the decadent stuff . 
  kris commons ( who used to play for us ) and his partner recently paid for a the refurbishment of hospital wing to allow families with still born babies to spend time together to get over the heartbreak of it .
