  and i think she 's still like that with him now , even though we 're a good few years older . 
  as someone from the uk this was bizarre to me . 
  edit : i probably should add that waiting staff and bartenders do tend to be paid at least the minimum wage here , so i really only tip in a restaurant when the service has been good and the food enjoyable . 
  i tip in my local pubs as well because the staff are nice and do a great job . 
  where i 'm from two of our national symbols are a flower that stings like fuck when you touch and a man-skirt that 's itchy as fuck when you wear it . 
  have you guessed where i 'm from yet ? 
  to my drunken dismay i found that my local 24/7 tesco is n't actually 24/7 . 
  it closes between 3am and 5am for some reason . 
  this meant that on my walk ( stagger ) home from da club i could n't get a meal deal to try and soak up the alcohol i 'd drank . 
  i was very disappointed . 
  this is the best thing i 've read today . 
  either celtic vs motherwell or celtic vs bordeaux . 
  somewhere around 1999 . 
   i feel like this is something that is starting to get complained about more often than it actually occurs . 
  it does n't happen a lot on reddit thankfully . 
  but it happens a lot other social media platforms like facebook and twitter . 
  i was around three when i first got involved in organised football . 
  according to my parents i was kicking a ball from when i could walk though . 
  this is so so so close to the bone haha !, 
  efe ambrose is the goat . 
  i physically could n't . 
  and no amount of money could change my mind . 
  for some , it 's not a problem to do . 
  for me , it 's a matter of principle , regardless of how petty it sounds . 
  adam lallana ... 
  it was n't a competitive team . 
  it was a class on saturday mornings where we were given some fun and basic coaching to wet the appetite for going on to play competitively when we were older . 
  and why would rooney give up that kind of money so easily ? 
  why would anyone do that ? 
  you and me both . 
   lest they commercialize it . 
  too late ... 
  boris johnson is a fucking train wreck . 
  tierney, 
  with the tory austerity policy , they need to justify their job somehow . 
  a guy i went to school with ( and still bump into in the pub occasionally ) messaged me a few months ago asking what if this was my username because we 're both subscribed to r/showerbeer and i 'd posted a few pictures of me having a few shower beers . 
  i 've trying to figure out who he is though , and i 've had some responses on comments/posts where i think it 's him but i 'm not quite sure . 
  me and my best mates know each others usernames so i look out for their posts/comments on various subs where we have mutual interests . 
  1 ) any sort of daily/hourly update from people with babies , toddlers or children . 
  the vast majority of us do not give one single fuck if they shat themselves today and it 's also a massive invasion into the childs privacy . 
  2 ) similar goes for people with pets who give us constant updates . 
  again , fuck off with that pish . 
  3 ) there were a load of facebook pages set up back when i first started using facebook that would be named after somewhat relatable situations . 
  at 15 and new to facebook these were funny and my friends and i liked a shitload of them . 
  over time they 've been taken over by new people and just spam the newsfeed with sketchy links and pretty bad shit posting . 
  it feels like a constant battle of identifying them and deleting them . 
  15 year old me was a prick . 
  4 ) the recently added facebook feature of adverts in the middle of videos . 
  just no . 
  this is the worst possible thing that could be done , and really detracts what used to be some half decent pages ( i 'm looking at you tech insider ) . 
  there are more that annoy me , but work is busy today . 
  sambuca - even the smell of that thing gives me the heave . 
  vodka red bull - drank it all night on my first ever night in ibiza . 
  god was i drunk , but hyper as fuck . 
  the next day was the worst hangover i 've ever had . 
  you 've never listened to sam mctrusty of twin atlantic !, 
  stop complaining to me , the engineer who is here to fix your problem , about the rules and processes set out by the regulatory body for my industry . 
  they 're just as much a pain in the arse for me , the employee , as they are for you , the ` end user ' . 
  germany . 
  the people are friendly , the football ( soccer ) is great , the transport links are good and the beer is excellent . 
  yes and no . 
  i liked scrubs until the end of season 8 . 
  season 9 was just terrible though . 
  homeland . 
  once they killed off brody , i just could n't enjoy it . 
  i mean i tried , but it just was n't the same . 
  the calf muscle looks a bit more defined , but i actually ca n't understand why women wear heels . 
  they look ridiculously uncomfortable to walk in . 
  i 'm glad i can just stick a pair of trainers on when i 'm going to a pub/club . 
  he went to confession though and has repented for his sins !, 
  here 's a quick video for you if you interested in vegalta sendai btw . 
  i went to school with tony watt and he has a house near my parents . 
  for someone that 's career has went down the pan since he scored against barcelona he 's a bit an arrogant prick , but he 's alright . 
  and then there 's the stereotype where we all talk with that posh victorian accent . 
  confirmed : ryan bertrand to barcelona !, 
  money, 
  hearts at home on the last day of last season and now at home again on the first day of next season . 
  they 'll be sick of the sight of us . 
  to be fair , cathro does seem to get them up for playing against rangers and us ( except the 5-1 in april ) . 
  kind of getting away from the topic of the thread , but what 's it like getting a ticket for the san mames ? 
  i 'm looking at a few places i 'd like to visit for a game later in the season and bilbao is up there in my top 5 . 
  the way it usually works with the celtic and rangers games is that whoever played at home first in the season previous will play the first game away from home in the up coming season . 
  this is all i need to say now when i 'm justifying wearing my sunglasses at night !, 
   the worst , i think , was my obsession with bucket hats, 
  bucket hats are still somewhat a thing in the uk , but only if you 're going to a festival or are big into the stone roses . 
  which reminds me , i need to go on my annual bucket hat shopping trip as i 've a few festivals coming up soon !, 
  that 's why i always have the fear when looking at my bnk account after a night out ? 
  precisely . 
  i want more people to experience the scottish culture of rampant alcoholism and deep fried e ` rything !, 
  fuck that man . 
  at least in my religion we get to be selective about what we 're not going to eat !, 
  im surprised you have n't been fucked up for the whole week if you 've been off work ? 
  glass her, 
  both of them played for rangers . 
  i can really only echo what u/kpm67 has said . 
  it 's not the worst place on the planet , but like every other place ever it has its areas where even i do n't want to go , unless i absolutely have to . 
  you 'll generally not get any bother unless you go looking for it . 
  try it for yourself , regardless of what people may tell you !, 
  anybody else find the pr 's for bars and clubs in party destinations like ibiza/magaluf to be some of the most annoying cunts on the planet ? 
  ` come in to my shitty bar and i 'll get you a bottle of the worst vodka ever produced , some knock off peach schnapps , a bottle of boost and a one pitcher of cocktail ... and i 'll charge you 15 euro each for the pleasure ',
