  yeah we were the same . 
  at my local pitch there was one 3g pitch and one sand based astro turf pitch . 
  it was always a race to get to the 3g pitch first , or else you were going home with pretty bad grazes on your legs !, 
  i do n't get the whole petty arguments about it , either on here or on social media . 
  maybe it 's because i do n't really favour any of the two teams , but i just enjoy the rivalry and enjoy the fact i 'm getting to witness two of the best all time football players competing at their peak . 
  i 'm sure i read somewhere that even with jeremy corbyn 's proposed corporation tax increase , the government would still be charging less than the what the average is in europe . 
  perhaps someone could correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  what i 'm worried about with labour is that so many of the mp 's are opposed to corbyn and his policies . 
  i have to say it 's a pretty fun experience . 
  i have a friend who always dates dick heads then comes running to me when they inevitably turn out to be dickheads . 
  she says she wants ` someone like me ' but when i suggest even hanging out ( not going on dates ) she always comes up with shitty excuses . 
  i 'm getting bored of it all now to be fair . 
  i can never be arsed watching videos on facebook for any longer than a few minutes , but this had me captivated haha . 
  i 've been playing with a sunday amateur team now for four years but the last two seasons have been god awful and i 've gradually stopped enjoying playing football . 
  training has stopped and a lot of the guys who i 'm mates with have left the team and they 've been replaced with guys who do n't know how to pay eleven a side . 
  plus , every two or three weeks there 's a bunch of new guys who are pretty shit and leave after a month . 
  it 's probably best for me to move to a new team , but i feel a sense of loyalty to the couple that run the team , as they 've always stuck by me . 
  as i said though , i 'm really not enjoying playing anymore . 
  oh but that 's not what trump told us :o, 
   that refugee camps were n't actually that bad, 
  this is something in particular that annoys me . 
  some prat from the uk , who 's never experienced what it 's like to have your whole life turned upside down by a civil war , having your home bombed and groups of people pillaging the place you live and murdering and raping your people , pontificating that a refugee camp is n't that bad a place to live . 
  what is this thing you refer to as ` sun ' ? 
  will the tories actually provide some funding for the nhs to improve their outdated it systems after the ransomware attacks ? 
  probably not . 
  nah , clint hill was one of their better players this season . 
  antonio conte did 9/11 . 
  aberdeen scoring first is n't a guarantee for winning the cup . 
  maybe last season under deila , but definitely not this season under rodgers . 
  i 'd take him at celtic for a season . 
  congratulations to feyenoord , and i hope the partying continues for the supporters long in to the week !, 
  perhaps celtic can draw feyenoord in the cl ( provided we get there ) and i can finally get to visit de kuip !, 
  do you have any idea of when they are planning on building it ? 
  if it 's soon i 'll need to get a move on and get over to a game . 
  the short answer for me is no . 
  at least we have a scottish cup final to look forward to . 
  rs components at 38 baird street stock them . 
  basically a form of social engineering . 
  all scot 's are disappointed . 
  have a curer and get your arse back out there !, 
  why not do it before every home game ? 
  show the players that you care and want them to win . 
  might even motivate them to go and put in extra on the pitch . 
  `` it 's just getting really old getting thrashed every week with a bunch of people who do n't give a shit '', 
  i 'm in the same boat as you main . 
  posted it in free talk friday the other day . 
  granted i have n't quite lost interest the way that you have , getting thrashed every week playing with guys that 1 ) do n't care and 2 ) i do n't really know is n't enjoyable . 
  i mean i can handle getting beat if there 's been an effort put in by the team , but it 's literally getting pumped 4/5/6 -0 and no one else seems to care . 
  i think the only reason i 've stayed with my team for so long is some kind of loyalty to the people who run the team . 
  i 've decided i 'm not going to play for them anymore and just focus on keeping fit , and once pre-season rolls around join a new team . 
  it 's exciting for us this year . 
  we 're being linked with all sorts of young prodigy 's !, 
  jeez , i wish i could to miami when i 'm off on the sick . 
  you do n't see proper footballers like him these days ... 
  stick a wee a bit of full fat pouring cream on there and you 're sorted , 
  is it as good as david moyes ' spanish ? 
  ajax usually always take a large travelling support with them round europe . 
  as you 'll be more than likely aware of . 
  bloody hell , that 's a blast from the past that . 
  fair play to you !, 
  have you managed to get tickets for the final ? 
  excellent mate !, 
  hope you guys beat jose . 
  was n't 1986 the year celtic won it on the last day after thrashing st mirren 5-1 at love street and hearts lost away to dundee ? 
  edit : i just checked wikipedia , yes it was . 
  both teams finished with 50 points but celtic had a better goal difference of three goals and won the league through that . 
  i honestly ca n't remember . 
  he was bigged up to be the next best thing for the scottish game and i think he played a few times against us . 
  then he refused to have his contract transferred when rangers were liquidated and i 've never really from him since . 
  that could be said about any city though . 
  edit : do n't mean to come across as though i 'm having a go at you . 
  apologies if you think so . 
  i do apologise ... that joke went way over my head haha !, 
  feel a bit silly now . 
  do n't forget queens park and partick thistle !, 
  fourfourtwo , world soccer and whensaturdaycomes are my favourite three . 
  he 's not even an mma fighter . 
  he think 's he 's tough until big dedrick and jozo get a hold of him . 
  i hope they bought him dinner too . 
  this will go down well ... 
  not . 
  can any australians and americans explain why there is no relegation/promotion system in the a-league and mls and can they also explain if they think it 's viable option going forward ? 
  i actually find that our media over hypes some of our decent young players too much . 
  one of the prime examples being ryan gauld ... bigged up to be the scottish messi and since moving to sporting he 's failed to really break into the first team . 
  they 'll steal anything that 's not nailed to the ground over in govan !, 
  in all seriousness though it does my head in that we only use one match ball in the spfl and then everyone has to stand about like a twat on the occasion something like this happens or if the ball is kicked out the stadium . 
  i do n't know of any other professional league that operates this way !, 
  believe it or not , the weather when i was in melbourne was the best weather i had when i was over . 
  and i 'm yearning for the day i can return to melbourne . 
  i 'd quite happily swap !, 
  the plan is definitely to go back !, 
  thanks for that idea though , i 'll definitely keep that in mind . 
  do n't forget that celtic fans do n't like him either . 
  it 's even more amazing that most brits are n't very good at least one other foreign language . 
  it 's easy to get up at 5am when you have an east facing bedroom ... 
  i 'd also throw in the glasgow science centre . 
  conservatives being dishonest ?!, 
  who would have thought it :o, 
   that glasgow uni accent is pretend, 
  i 'm good friends with a girl from a scheme in coatbridge who goes to glasgow uni .
