  despite how poor rangers can be , i 'm not sharing the same over-confidence/arrogance of some other celtic supporters . 
  these games are always tricky . 
  `` as we all know rangers had some troubles some time ago , their squad was disbanded and they had to start all over again from the 5th division or something . '', 
  that is the long and short of it basically yeah . 
  they were liquidated in 2012 and had to re-apply for entry into the professional league system again . 
  `` so how are they doing now in general ? 
  are they like back , so they can challenge celtic for the league title again ? 
  or are they slowly getting there ? '', 
  footballing wise they are currently in third place , six points behind aberdeen and thirty three behind celtic . 
  this season they have been fairly inconsistent and often quite poor away from home . 
  the whole issue with mark warburton leaving the club as well did n't help matters . 
  their squad is mostly focused on trying to play football and from the outside , it does n't really look like there is anyone who is up for physical contest when it comes down to the nitty gritty . 
  with a decent manager they could probably keep pace with celtic for a while , but in terms of challenging right now it does n't look like they have it in them to win the league , unless celtic have a monumentally bad season next year . 
  financially , there are rumours that things are n't so great . 
  but no one really knows how that is playing out . 
  but it would seem that they are quite a number of years away from catching up with celtic on the financial/commercial front . 
  but the club has a couple of legal challenges on the go so i believe that is one of their main focuses just now . 
  i could go into more detail but i 'm in work and have n't had much time on my lunch to reply to this . 
  i hope this helps a little bit more . 
  i found that it was the same at the allianz arena last year when i went to see 1860 . 
  it did n't really save much time and as you said , i had to queue to put the money on the card . 
  definitely not brendan . 
  i know you said this for after a match , but the most broken i 've felt was at half time when celtic played hapoel be'er sheeva at home in the cl qualifiers . 
  it was one of my first games in the safe standing and we were going into half time 2-0 up and the place was rocking . 
  then leigh griffiths blasts in a cracker of a free kick with the last kick of the first half and the place went even more mental . 
  i 've never felt like that before in my life !, 
  hey , we scottish feel your pain . 
  happy birthday mate . 
  is n't it a little early though for a st patricks parade ? 
  happy birthday mate . 
  is n't it a little early though for a st patricks parade ? 
  it was actually the other video copa90 done ... but i just watched that video there and it 's made me want to go even more . 
  i 'll probably wait until next season , i 've too much going on between now and the end of july !, 
  have the two captains partake in a mexican standoff . 
  the winning captains team start the match . 
  the losing captains team are down a player . 
  ` agent pedro is in place , boss ', 
  would n't mind naka back at celtic !, 
  typical epl fanboy response to a bayern game . 
  fortunately not all supporters of english teams on here are like these muppets . 
  some teams would go into damage limitation mode at 3-0 down . 
  bobby madden , folks . 
  brother bobby has always wore the sash . 
  celtic were poor but that were n't even that good . 
  we lost the midfield when armstrong went off . 
  bobby madden was never going to give celtic a 90th minute penalty against that lot . 
  rumour has it he used to have a season ticket at ibrox . 
  yep . 
  never . 
  waghorn could n't finish a chippy . 
  where the fuck does he win the ball there ? 
  looks like the half time banner has had the desired effect . 
  your lot have this fixation of calling celtic fans offended and yet all i ever see is pent up fury and rage at anything that ever comes from celtic , whether that be the club or the fans . 
  but in a way it 's quite funny watching and reading the reactions . 
  can you all ( and your misplaced sense of superiority ) not handle being in celtics shadow ? 
  i do n't think that 's his point . 
  i think what noble is saying is that people often criticise players with out really understanding their style of play or their role in the team . 
  for myself , i enjoy watching rugby and i appreciate the game . 
  but i could n't tell you about a players specific role within the team , so i would n't get involved with saying he 's shit . 
  i 'm almost sure your lot had him pegged as the best thing since sliced bread ... 
  this is now redundant information . 
  do i really though ? 
  please explain the logic of your comment and help a brother out . 
  edit : fuck waiting on your explanation . 
  i posted this comment after the game ( in which sevilla had conceded two away goals in the champions league ) . 
  the definition of redundant ( as per the oxford english dictionary ) is ; not or no longer needed or useful . 
  the information in the original post , post-match , is no longer useful , therefor is redundant . 
  hope this helps . 
  you sound a bit dim pal . 
  yes the city of leipzig was once under the control of the ddr , but the footballing entity rb leipzig was not formed or operated in the former ddr or the ddr government . 
  they were formed in 2009 in unified germany , in leipzig in the german federal state of saxony . 
  the footballing entity known as rb leipzig has very little ( if any ) connection to the ddr . 
  maybe you 're getting confused with ssv markrandstadt ( who red bull bought the licence from ) . 
  the club , in the form of ssv markrandstadt were formed in 1990 after german reunification and had previously operated under a different name ( sportgemeinde markranstadt between 1947 and 1990 . 
  it would probably be more accurate to say that rb leipzig is a club which operates in a territory formerly part of the ddr , rather than ` it is a club from the former ddr ' . 
  you clearly do n't have a grasp on the meaning and use of the word . 
  there are multiple ways to describe the information in the original post now that the game has finished , and the way i have described it is perfectly legitimate . 
  what the hell happened with schalke 's first goal ? 
  celtic played nine games in one month back in december ... 
  it 's no leigh griffiths eating a tea cake on the bench though . 
  go to my gym , enter the swimming are . 
  jacuzzi , steam room , swim . 
  repeat until feeling better . 
  i then go to the mcdonalds next door and get a cheese burger and chicken nuggets and irn bru to give me a sugar boost . 
  i was supposed to be going to see the wailers in glasgow back in november , but i turned up to find out that they had cancelled the show and rescheduled . 
  i checked out the rescheduled date and had it in my head that it was tonight . 
  i was buzzing . 
  see the wailers and then celebrate st patricks day ... as it turns out they had rescheduled to play last night instead of tonight , so i now feel like a right twat :(, 
  i went to school with the girl who posted this tweet, 
  come back when you can beat iceland ya goon . 
  no , moussa ... 
  handbags at dawn . 
  celtic have had this annoying habit recently of taking the foot off the gas when the team thinks things are comfortable . 
  this cost us the win in the derby last weekend and made for a very nervy finish to the game against dundee yesterday . 
  we really have to keep control of the full game or else we can say goodbye to a treble and an unbeaten season . 
  aye we got it the first time mate . 
  the first time you ever get drunk on venoms is the best , most bizarre night of your life . 
  and the hangover is definitely worth it . 
  that 's not what this means . 
  this generally is n't why people follow football clubs in europe .
