  absolutely buzzing for this line up !, 
  is that photo taken from the todd builidng ? 
  if so , there 's a flat up for sale there , do you have any idea how much it would cost ? 
  out of my price range !, 
  thanks for your help !, 
  poor goalkeeping from hamilton . 
  nice finish though . 
  why are rangers so fucking shite at defending set pieces ? 
  gutted to be missing this tonight !, 
  it 's so strange to see , because for as long as i can remember , rangers were always difficult to score against at set pieces . 
  new drinking game : every time terry butcher says the phrase ' 6 's and 7 's at the back ' take a shot . 
  is old man kenny even on the pitch ? 
  am i right in saying that souttar done his achilles at the weekend ? 
  that is a massive result for cathro . 
  they pressed high up the pitch and closed rangers down really quick at every opportunity . 
  something i was quite surprised at given how poor they were against celtic . 
  however this might be the result that will push them on for the rest of the season . 
  on the rangers front , hearts showed ( as did celtic in the 5-1 game ) that rangers do n't know how to cope when they 're pressed high up the park . 
  when teams do that to them they look like a bunch of p3 's playing against the p7 's . 
  oh that 's a bit of a gutter . 
  i like souttar as well . 
  thought he was hearts best player on sunday at celtic park . 
  there still is a bar at the gate . 
  i fitted their phone system when i was an apprentice . 
  nice group of people supplied endless supplies of tea and coffee . 
  cringey as fuck advert though . 
  the warriors ? 
  are n't they a 1970 's / 1980 's street gang from coney island ? 
  heineken gives me the worst sore heads . 
  as a glaswegian t in the park regular i 'm buzzing for this festival . 
  going to benicassim the wednesday after as well !, 
  wanky city , with wanky people . 
  nice castle though . 
  i 'd recommend going to the deutches museum and the bmw museum . 
  also check out any football that 's on . 
  if you have n't been to the allianz before i 'd recommend it , it 's a great stadium to watch football !, 
  i got chatting to a girl on tinder and things were going great . 
  then one night we were both in the same club and were very drunk , went home and had sex before going on a date . 
  two weeks have passed and the last time we spoke was last week . 
  i 'm new to the single/dating game and i 'm not sure if i should try one last night time to pursue it or just patch it and move on ... anybody any advice ? 
  also i listened to mac demarco for the first time this week . 
  that shit is so relaxing to listen to !, 
  gently, 
  herpes, 
  like father , like son . 
  shocking decision for the penalty . 
  but everyone knows thomson 's a shite ref anyway . 
  i think it 's well established that craig thomson is a shite ref and that it was never a penalty . 
  however i think bringing dembele changed the game for us big time . 
  we did n't really have anyone to hold the ball up until then and we were struggling to retain possession . 
  playing without a striker is great at celtic park because we have so much space for the guys to move about , but at a stadium like mcdirmaid park we need a guy in there to hold it up and bring others into the game . 
  good decision by brendan to change it about . 
  and an excellent hat-trick for dembele . 
  is there a banner in the augsburg end that says ` burning nuts ' on it ? 
  would 've been an incredibly soft penalty imo . 
  patrick roberts . 
  pretty much all teams in germany do this . 
  when i was at borussia park for the bmg-celtic game , the chants after bmg scored were incredible !, 
  i jizzed at that . 
  what a beautiful strike . 
  winning trophies is n't impressive ? 
  his goal against sweden at the 2006 world cup !, 
  old guard celtic - henrik larson . 
  he was an unbelievable talent and brought so much joy and excitement to celtic fans . 
  new guard celtic - kieran tierney . 
  the guys is a die hard celtic fan . 
  he genuinely is a fan who 's living all our dreams and he 's continually improving at the same time . 
  putting in wonderful performances . 
  non celtic players - zidane , pirlo , iniesta and xavi . 
  their beauty and elegance on the ball , plus their wonderful passing range was just incredible . 
  excellent players to watch . 
  take, 
  these footballs are still widely used across scotland . 
  i agree it 's that dull ache that lingers after the sting . 
  he 's that much of a bomb scare that when he had one mistake free game we started singing that he is going to win the ballon d'or !, 
  i once combined buckfast and cherry powerade . 
  i also did this . 
  i think the whole of scottish football is loving this . 
  they really are a shambles of a club !, 
  just trying to shift their wages off the bill ... 
  i 'd expect a professional footballer , regardless of his playing position , to be able to control the ball like that . 
  inverness have regressed to the level of football they played under terry butcher . 
  kick the man , worry about the ball later . 
  hope they go down this season . 
  hsv 's great escape from relegation seems to be starting early this season !, 
  what is up with schalke 's pitch ? 
  0-1 to morton . 
  aiden nesbitt with the assist . 
  on another note i went to school with the morton left back , rickie lambie . 
  lovebanter ? 
  mare like naebanter . 
  i meant to post this in the match thread for the juve-inter game last week ... why was there a section of seats empty behind the goals where the ultras usually stand ? 
  i do n't quite understand this decision from the dfb . 
  a handful of people cause trouble outside of the stadium and they decide to stop thousands of others who were n't involved from seeing a match ?!, 
  or is it for the protest banners . 
  if i 'm way off the mark could someone please correct me ? 
  what 's your point , caller ? 
  i do n't think this is the first time an opposing teams supporters have made a banner regarding the bombing of dresden . 
  iirc the eintracht frankfurt fans done something on a much larger scale a few years ago . 
  edit - done a quick google search , frankfurt fans did indeed hold a banner up with a the skyline of dresden being bombed with the phrase ` bombing auf dynamo ' printed .
