bloody mud men . 
  i 'll actually give my personal opinion as to why the service can be so shoddy ;, 
  for engineers in openreach , statistics are king , even more so for engineers in the residential side of the company . 
  these stats are used as a stick to beat the engineers with if they are ` performing ' poorly . 
  every job an engineer has , has a time limit on it . 
  this time limit does n't take into consideration the possible problems that the old ( and even the new ) network can throw at you . 
  and an engineer usually has a certain amount of jobs per day that they must complete ( usually about 5/6 , and not all of them are confined to the one town ) . 
  if an engineer goes over the allocated time on the job , and thus misses his target for the amount of jobs completed in a day , there is a stewards enquiry from the management . 
  if an engineer explains that there was an issue with his job but it was something he could resolve , he is met with the reply from management ` why did n't you just bin it and move on ? ', 
  engineers ( especially the new guys , the old school guys do n't give a fuck ) are then conditioned , through threats of disciplinary action , to walk away if a job looks to be to complex . 
  then by the time the job filters its way through the beaurocratic systems , it takes weeks for it get re-resourced . 
  openreach is also a company that is trying to do more work with less staff across the business ( as most big , private companies do ) . 
  this causes a resourcing issue , especially at school holiday times and christmas . 
  throw into the mix contractors , like mj quinn 's , kelly 's and kn group , and that makes problems ten times worse . 
  yes haha, 
  did the mighty smeato not also tear some ligaments while booting fuck out of jihadiwady ? 
  i would n't even wipe my arse with that rag . 
  looks like a hamstring injury , hopefully not too serious . 
  had another great game . 
  he lacks a bit of pace , but his reading of the game is excellent , he 's strong in the tackle and good in the air . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised by how well he is doing . 
  you raj mate ? 
  even then at celtic park , aberdeen have n't conceded less than 3 goals in the last few years in the league . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  copenhagen or ludogorets for me . 
  dinamo zagreb were n't exactly amazing both times we played them the other season . 
  then again , we are n't all that amazing now either . 
  you 're well raj mate, 
  i 'm actually more northern than you haha . 
  breakfast - morning meal . 
  lunch - midday meal . 
  dinner - evening meal . 
  tea - a warm drink . 
  one thing i 'll agree with an aberdeen fan on !, 
  on today 's performance , they are nowhere near ready to challenge for third place , let alone the title . 
  kranjcar was pish today . 
  does n't look like he had the legs for it . 
  the only player who looked decent when he came on was that forrester . 
  scott sinclair scoring the winner for celtic against hearts today . 
  i think hearts had confused the football for kung fu today . 
  hearts , like astana , set out to kick us up and down the park . 
  walker also cheated for the penalty . 
  we still look a bit weak in the middle of the park , we need a guy who will go in tough in the tackle and win some headers . 
  however , a win away at that shitehole is always good . 
  hahahaha , what 's that now ? 
  scott brown has been somewhat off the boil recently , and biton ( assuming that it 's him you 're calling the jew ) does n't do enough of the physical stuff . 
  so yes , i believe we need to add physical type of player to the midfield ( whilst getting rid of some of the more lightweight guys ) . 
  stinky pyjamas , are you asking if i 'm the chelsea fan ? 
  i remember that wee cunt mccann brought a rule book to a celtic game , and started going on and on about something that had . 
  he 's a wee cretin and i fucking despise him . 
  same goes for tanner . 
  typical from the jambos though . 
  can you remember a few seasons ago one of their lot ran down the stairs and onto the pitch to attack neil lennon ? 
  not long , i think he 'll be back in time for the cl qualifier next week . 
  that 's what i 've heard anyway . 
  dude , i still draw stick men . 
  any brondby fans able to tell me how well pukki has been doing in general ? 
  ps , congratulations on beating hibsing recently !, 
  come on st. 
  pauli !, 
  the trains run perfectly , and the bier tastes amazing . 
  whilst i imagine they appreciate someone attempting to speak german , when in munich earlier in the year , i found the germans to speak english to me without hesitation . 
  they were very accommodating and very friendly people . 
  the austrians ( in linz mostly ) on the other hand , i found to be rather reluctant to speak english , which made communication difficult . 
  ( ps , i know i should learn some german if i 'm visiting the country/area often and i feel terrible that i have n't . 
  i will one day though ), 
  antifa/left wing hooligans vs right wing hooligans . 
  that 's probably how it would go . 
  is there an english translation for this ? 
  on my phone and it does n't automatically translate . 
  it seems a world away from what we have at celtic . 
  thanks for uploading this . 
  missed the first 20 minutes due to scotfail ( scotrail ) fucking things up . 
  rogic scored as i entered the stadium !, 
  after a shaky start in the imps game , things are really starting to click . 
  the passing , the movement on and off the ball , the pressing high up the pitch and the goals . 
  everything was great . 
  forrest and brown look rejuvenated , sinclair has had a great start to his career here , dembele is staring to find his feet and o'connell looks like a seasoned pro rather than a guy who 's only really starting to get a run of games in the team . 
  the only downside , maybe , is craig gordon 's distribution . 
  that could always be better . 
  onwards and upwards !, 
  what was the atmosphere like ? 
  are bbb still fighting with mamic ? 
  we get enough wind to power the whole bloody planet !, 
  aberdeen hate everyone though ... 
  the point is , it 's some form of mid informative propaganda . 
  yes , mobile phone radiation is bad for you ... 
  but only if you 're standing about a foot from the transmitting equipment in the cell site where the radiation is at its strongest . 
  by the time it gets to your phone , it has seriously weakened . 
  what caused such a hatred ( excuse my ignorance ) ? 
  and then making absolutely no effort to learn the basics of the language for next time round, 
  the infinite wisdom of local councils can never be defeated . 
  i 'd take him back at celtic in a heartbeat . 
  the seats are never removed , they are just locked into a position for domestic games . 
  anyway , they reason we have adopted that model any is because for european games , all clubs are required to have all seater stadia , and the ` rail seat ' model solves that problem . 
  i would disagree with the sentiment that clubs should be forced to do it . 
  however i also disagree with clubs being forced into not doing it either , especially in light of the hillsborough enquiry findings that it was in actual fact poor crowd policing/control and not the actual standing at games that causes hillsborough . 
  what part of the stadium are the club planning on introducing it ? 
  will they be putting it where vak410 stand or will they put it behind the goals where f-side usually are ? 
  it 's safer than the old model of the open terrace .
