  they may get kicked a few times ( as messi still does ) , but by trying , and failing , and trying again and again until they get it right is the only way they 're going to develop . 
  in the uk we seriously need to stop coaching the natural ability out of young players . 
  it is n't illegal . 
  there are rules and regulations set by fifa ( i think ) on giving under 16 's professional contracts . 
  however there are no laws preventing a 13 year old playing at a higher age group of football . 
  that would just be silly . 
  it 's easy for you saying that , but you 're not a 31 year old professional football player who has struggled with injuries over the last few seasons , and who 's body could do with the time off when the internationals come round . 
  his wife is also expecting another kid , so that 's also played a part in his decision . 
  why would n't it be silly ? 
  first of all , what government has the time to create legislation against a 13 year old playing football against people older than him ? 
  i mean come on , at this stage it 's still a game . 
  secondly , how would it be enforced ? 
  what would be a fitting ` punishment ' for allowing a 13 year old to play football against people older than him ? 
  thirdly , this would open a can of worms in regards to other sports , or even just in general ... not allowing kids to play with other kids a few years older than them . 
  it all seems a bit nanny state-ish . 
  and btw , to reiterate , the kid wo n't have a professional contract . 
  in this regard , legally the club ca n't offer him a contract until he turns 16 . 
  let 's hope not . 
  by all acocunts feruz is full of his own self-importance . 
  the last time i heard he could n't get a game in a shite hibs team . 
  i 'll take that swedish centre back you have though . 
  i remember reading about this , and iirc the argentinian football system seemed complicated . 
  it 's not quite as simple as ` you have the least points , you go get relegated ' is it ? 
  ( ps maybe it was just because it was 5 years ago and i 'm getting confused with something else ) . 
  i think that bvb 's stadium has an open terrace ( old school type terrace ) which increases the capacity , rather than the rail seating model . 
  this means that when european games come round they have to put in seats which take up space and therefor reduce capacity . 
  monchengladbach have the same issue . 
  they also have an open terrace in their away section , which decreases the number of away fans that can get tickets for europeans games ( this is causing a slight issue for celtic fans as this is proving to be the most popular of all the away trips this season ) . 
  why should we feel sorry for them ? 
  it 's their own doing . 
  you have to remember that a lot of them bought into his shite too . 
  rangers wasting money ... no way !, 
  i upvoted this purely because you 're either scottish or irish, 
  the gym, 
  with the idiots that run that club , i would n't be surprised if they had n't . 
  so if he does n't have the technical ability why is he there ? 
  griffiths was his clubs top scorer last season , and has done not too badly this season either ( despite being injured for a few weeks ) . 
  this x1 ,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 
  my 13 year old cousin has a ` girlfriend ' now , and they apparently go out sailing on her dads boat . 
  what the fuck i do n't even do shit like that and i 'm an adult . 
  where i live , after you 're buried everyone goes back to a pub/venue and gets very drunk and eats steak pie . 
  you what ? 
  come to where i live . 
  we get pissed and have steak pie . 
  then we all fight , but ca n't remember that part the next day because we were too pissed . 
  you 're providing some food for some of life 's smallest organisms, 
  what 's creepy/strange/weird about that ? 
  in my school we had to sing ` jesus anthems ' every day before we actually stated our lessons . 
  have you seen the italians sing theirs ?!, 
  however i must point out , god save the queen ( england/northern irelands national anthem ) is the most depressing shite i have ever heard . 
  the worship of royal families . 
  `` we have somehow way more money than you , so we declare ourselves more powerful than you . 
  worship us without question '' . 
  i was going to post this . 
  damn . 
  have an upvote anyway . 
  punk boy is being polite ... it 's a shitehole . 
  new balance . 
  forward thinking fa ? 
  good luck . 
  we need a fucking revolution . 
  that old boys network out . 
  euro2020 anybody ? 
  i 'm sure his family moved back to motherwell when kt was about ten months old . 
  so i 've heard anyway . 
  ahhh the daily record . 
  the finest bastion of honest journalism ... 
  apart from bale ( and to an extent ramsey ) , wales do n't have any world class players . 
  they 're guys who play for mid-table clubs in the pl and worse . 
  admittedly they are better than what we have . 
  what they do have is a manager who knows how to organise a defence , and play to his teams strengths . 
  just jump the fence when it 's quiet , and do what you need to do ... that 's what me and my mates done with our local synthetic park in our youth . 
  the ticket office only sell them to season ticket holders and csc 's . 
  however i believe they are changing the way they 're allocating them in the not too distant future . 
  if you know anyone who 's a member of a csc they may be able to source some spares from somewhere though . 
  i would say given recent history it should be celtic and aberdeen joining any sort of ` northern european league ' . 
  it 's cheap to fly when there is n't a big demand for it . 
  just wait until you get hundreds , maybe thousands of football fans clicking on easyjets website looking for flights from glasgow to amsterdam , and vice versa . 
  you 'll soon see the prices go up . 
  certainly celtic , rangers , ajax , feyenoord and maybe one or two others can take thousands to domestic away games give that the capacity of the away venue allows it . 
  it would become difficult for fans to travel to away games . 
  i do n't know many people who can afford to fly off somewhere around europe every second weekend . 
  it 's not just flights and match ticket , you have to consider accommodation and spending money ... plus possible time off work . 
  you then have to consider that from glasgow , most nordic cities are n't the easiest places to get to . 
  is that the same liverpool that failed to qualify for any european competition this season ? 
  where i live , it takes a minimum of half an hour just to get out the town because they have stopped people turning right onto m8 westbound at the shawhead flyover . 
  see i like the concept of this proposal . 
  however i think totally abandoning the domestic leagues is n't a good thing . 
  some sort of system where the winners of the top division in the domestic leagues will play each other in a play off and the eventual winners get promoted to the ` premier division ' would be a better idea . 
  maybe they already had the iphone before the became a refugee and have managed to keep a hold of it ? 
  i 've never actually seen a player get a standing ovation before for hitting the crossbar . 
  however , i love kt and everything about his play . 
  he 's not so much fallen out of favour , as k_can95 has explained . 
  he picked up an injury against astana at home and forrest has come in and performed brilliantly . 
  i do n't think rodgers wants to change an attacking line up that 's working so well at the moment . 
  as far as i 'm aware the ultras have influence , but not as big an influence as they had in their hey day . 
  however they look like the guys who turn up week on week out , so i imagine they 'll do what they can to pressure the club . 
  kind of hoping that borussia 's poor run of form continues into game on wednesday night . 
  however this is when a team can be most dangerous, 
  sand based pitches are a bastard .
