  he also completely failed to learn from the semi-final . 
  he still tried to play an attacking 4-3-3 formation and we absolutely over-ran the midfield because of it . 
  i 'd also say that beerman is n't cut out for it . 
  that 's two weekends in a row that roberts has made him look decidedly average . 
  maybe i 'm judging him too quickly based on two games against us , but if you want to start competing with us , guys like him have to improve big time , or else make way for better players . 
  sounds like a good trip man . 
  enjoy yourself and take care . 
  hopefully you 're back at the football quickly when you 're home !, 
  yeah i feel the same so obviously contract talks have stalled . 
  if he does go there i hope the move works out for him . 
  could be a good thing for the national team as well . 
  aye that 's probably your biggest issue . 
  on his current performances i do n't think you 'll get any money back on garner . 
  and they 'll probably need to get rid of some of the higher earners before they can start to offer better wages to better players . 
  i probably being too harsh on beerman . 
  perhaps as he gets older he 'll learn from his mistakes and improve . 
  after all he 's still only 18 is he not ? 
  the cause of the problem is mentioned in the article . 
  a lot of the stadiums in australia seem to be used for football , afl and rugby and the nature of rugby means the pitch does get torn up quite a bit . 
  but how do you solve the problem ? 
  seeing as it probably makes financial sense for the clubs in each sport to share stadiums it could be an issue for the foreseeable future . 
  as are celtic . 
  i ca n't remember the percentage it is we get , however we did insert a sell on clause into the deal when he signed with southampton so that we get a certain percentage if he was sold for a profit by southampton . 
  whatever it is we get might not be a lot in terms of what epl clubs get , but for a club in celtics position , that 's a good bit of money for us to put towards strengthening for the champions league qualifiers next season . 
  edit : i 've since read in the bbc that we 're likely to get # 5.5 m. 
  good to see him back . 
  hopefully he can kick on now . 
  i 'd just like to point out the hibs won the scottish championship this season . 
  rangers won it last season . 
  it 's not hard to find better weather than glasgow . 
  it took until two of the rangers players came over to help intervene before the guy left the park . 
  then , i 've been led to believe , he was just taken back to his seat . 
  personally , i think there is a wider privacy issue of parents posting so many pictures of their children on social media that many parents do n't seem to realise . 
  i 'd just like to add to what u/matt2142 has said and that is , by living in dusseldorf , in terms of club football your niece is pretty well positioned if she is looking to attend a few matches . 
  there 's quite a few clubs , all between 30 minutes to an hours train journey from dusseldorf hbf : -, 
  bayer leverkusen ( bl ) - leverkusen, 
  i 've only ever used the official club websites for booking tickets in germany ( just a personal thing , i feel more secure about it ) but the ticket booking system is usually all in german . 
  i do n't speak a word of german but i managed to muddle my way through with the help of google translate . 
  the booking website does come with an interactive map to help you pick the area you want to sit or stand in . 
  in terms of ticket pricing it is n't terrible expensive . 
  standing ( stehtplatz ) tickets can cost anywhere between 12 and 20euro and seating tickets can be in the region of 20 and 40euro depending on the club , and category of seating ticket you select . 
  individual match tickets are usually available closer to when the game is due to be played , and the websites ( in my experience ) offer a print at home service . 
  i think it 's frightening how ridiculously easy teams like real madrid and barcelona make football look . 
  when they play their best free-flowing football they just seem to glide about the pitch with such ease and elegance . 
  for me , celtic have massively improved the way that they play football under brendan rodgers . 
  and yes there have been more times this season when we are at our best , it all looks so simple . 
  however , the really top clubs are levels above what celtic can reach , and that 's what i find most impressive . 
  seems like people enjoy making mountains out of mole hills . 
  i 'd beg to differ on the places to eat , nonna 's kitchen is decent ( not the best , but good enough ) and there 's another wee italian place just along the road from there that 's pretty good as well , that 's more like a cafe though . 
  i 'm sure even edinburgh has free wifi . 
  given that he keeps improving , once he reaches his peak dybala will be a world class player . 
  i was thinking that as well ? 
  oh god . 
  i know that at celtic , academy players are sent to a secondary school near the training ground , and all academic progress is monitored by the club . 
  i kept an eye out for him at hearts , and whilst he was n't prolific in front of goal he seemed to work hard for the team and was certainly a good addition to their squad . 
  also if i remember correctly robbie neilson seemed to like him a lot as well . 
  not really sure why he was sent to back to charlton though . 
  this quite disappointing for me personally . 
  very good commentator , and was always positive about scottish football , with bei arrogant or trying to over sell it . 
  good luck to him wherever he goes next . 
  i love the kit . 
  i only wish they 'd made the goalkeepers top dark green like they had it in 1967 . 
  why the comparison to inter ? 
  is it as much as # 400 at hearts ?!, 
  excuse my ignorance but i thought it might 've been cheaper . 
  at celtic our season tickets have just went up from # 450 to # 490 , but the good thing is they give an option to pay it up on a monthly basis , which is good if you ca n't afford the one off payment . 
  this gives us all of our home games ( you can opt in or out of the home games vs rangers , opting out makes the ticket cheaper ) and priority tickets for ucl/el , scottish cup and scottish league cup home games . 
  for away games , having a season ticket gives you priority choice to buy tickets , however , this season due to brendan rodgers and the feel good factor around the club they 've put in a criteria for getting away tickets ie , the more away games you 've attended over the course of previous seasons and this season means you have even more priority for tickets , especially the away games where we have a small allocation . 
  for away games in europe you can either travel with the club , or travel independently . 
  travelling with the club is good because you 're guaranteed all your travel arrangements and ticket for the match , however you 're time is limited in the cities you 're visiting and is often more expensive . 
  travelling independently can be cheaper , but does n't guarantee your ticket for the match and can be quite awkward for travelling to the more out the way cities in europe . 
  some people who travel independently travel without tickets and can end up with a ticket amongst the home fans ( i done this twice this season ) . 
  in terms of transport to both home and away games , there is a big culture at celtic of supporters clubs who run buses . 
  these are mostly run out of pubs/bars or social clubs . 
  membership fees vary from supporter club to supporter club , but are usually around # 5 per match . 
  the bus convener tends to collect the cash and organise the bus . 
  some supporters busses who are officially affiliated with the club also get a small number of tickets for away games to give to members . 
  that 's one of the most popular ways for celtic supporters to travel . 
  other people take other ways to the games ie train , public buses or taking the car depending on their personal circumstance . 
  the price of public transport in scotland varies depending really on where you 're going . 
  people usually take a ` carry out ' on their bus , basically a couple of cans/bottles of their favourite alcoholic beverage . 
  this is the cheapest way for people to get a few drinks , but drinking on busses is illegal in scotland , so people run the risk of a run in with police for doing so , but that does n't really stop us to be honest . 
  like a lot of clubs in europe , there are supporters who dedicate the vast majority of their disposable income and their life to following the club . 
  again this depends on personal circumstance . 
  celtic were founded by a marist brother as a charity to try and help alleviate poverty for the irish diaspora in glasgow 's east end . 
  iirc yes there is a small interest charge . 
  jeez , i forgot stephen ireland existed . 
  i 'm supposed to be going for drinks tonight with a girl i 've been chatting on tinder , but i 'm not overly keen and not sure if i should cancel and go out with my mates , or continue to go for the drinks with the girl and then meet my mates later ... 
  it looks like they have lustig at centre back . 
  i find this odd as , when played there this season he has n't looked as comfortable as he did a few years ago when lennon occasionally played him there . 
  ca n't really complain though tbf . 
  what was your band called ? 
  also , are you still playing ? 
  are you glasgow based ? 
  the italian division of my business cooked the books and tanked the share price . 
  i 'm bitter about that because i have a share save due to mature soon and i 've lost any profit i would 've made !, 
  yep, 
  should n't you be on r/scottishpeopletwitter ? 
  this is some game !, 
  i 'm all for a 50-50 split , but surely giving the club with significantly less supporters and significantly less demand for tickets more tickets is the opposite of logic ?
