  can we send the tax bill to club1872 and rangers for this waste of police resources and effort ? 
  wow . 
  i 'm cringing so bad at this . 
  on the flipside , it makes me so thankful that my parents hate social media . 
  even our more excitable supporters did n't resort to phoning the police over a manager celebrating a win/goal being scored . 
  your comment re-posted 3 times . 
  club1872 are a bunch of warmers . 
  john beaton, 
   and socializing should only be done in person . 
  if you talk to someone online , in their eyes , your hooking up and you 've fucked . 
  are n't you more than likely to fuck someone when you meet them and socialise with them in person than you are if you communicate online ? 
  steven fletcher was never very good . 
  now you know how the rest of scottish football feels when he 's officiating . 
   if all you do is visit nyc , drink budweiser, 
  one of the things i loved about nyc was that all the bars i visited had a good few craft beer/smaller brand beers on tap and on bottle . 
  also , when you get away from the tourist traps , nyc is quite a diverse city with a hell of a lot going on . 
   take your free 2 drinks and sleep as much as possible . 
  fly with a partner who does n't drink and take their 2 free drinks as well . 
  fly with an airline ( where possible ) that does n't restrict you to two free drinks . 
  drink as much as you want . 
  pass out . 
  wake up at your destination . 
  god , that 's horribly intrusive . 
  what a goal, 
  every team has had a player that fans love to hate . 
  that 's par for the course in football . 
  however in the vast majority of cases it does n't extend beyond calling him a cunt when he 's on the pitch . 
  i 've probably been to more united matches than them . 
  this guy surely has to be at the wind up . 
  from what i know of them , the rostock ultras just like to have a go at anyone and everyone . 
  i seen that you were downvoted there . 
  i think someones sarcasm detector needs new batteries . 
  they have elements who are taking sensitivity to entire new level . 
  it 's nothing particularly ` offensive ' like giving someone the middle finger or the wanker sign . 
  in this video he does it around the 5 second mark . 
  shhhhh ... the rangers fans are saints and would never act in such a manner , nor would they give out years of abuse to someone based on which club he played for . 
   we have relatively stellar benefits but i do n't hit a weeks paid vacation until a year into the job . 
  this so strange for me . 
  the minimum paid leave i got was 25 days , and that was going full time into the work force at 17 . 
   and beat rangers u-20 1921-0, 
  i 'd have preferred the score to have been 1916-0, 
  we 're all now eagerly awaiting club1872 's statement criticising police scotland 's conclusion to this saga with claims that this is a travesty against justice and dignity . 
  we 're also awaiting a petition to end police scotland 's anti-rangers bias . 
  nothing against liverpool in particular , just hoping hoffenheim can do us a solid in this tie . 
  if hoffenheim knock you guys out and we beat astana , we 'll go into pot 3 . 
  meh , i 'd rather a better crack at getting a half decent group stage draw and staying in europe after christmas . 
  whether it 's this year or next year , someone is gon na buy van dijk and we 'll get some money from that . 
  i agree . 
  aye a thought he takes the piss out of both sides . 
   fortunately the mighty ipswich town are now 3-2 up at ht courtesy of # 300,000 man waghorn . 
  confirmed ... 
  the championship is a shit league !, 
  we should phone the polis ... 
  apollo bay is beautiful . 
  just not when there is 100km/h winds and you 're driving through the great otway national park . 
  fuck , those tree 's there are weak as fuck and are also pretty dangerous !, 
  it 'll be a tough game tonight . 
  astana are n't easy opposition . 
  good thing for us though is that the gb are back which will add a lot to the atmosphere . 
  fun - we are young . 
  when i worked as labourer , the radio station that the other guys listened to would play this at least five times a day . 
  this went on for like 7 weeks and drove me crazy . 
  five years later i still despise the song . 
  i 'd have bitten your hand off had you offered me a 1-0/2 -0 win tonight . 
  but that was just incredible . 
  the players , the fans , brendan ... everyone played their part tonight . 
  it 's performances and atmospheres like tonight , that are the reason i love going to see celtic . 
  it 's safe to say i 'll be sitting watching the draw next week with sky scanner open on the other screen to see where i 'm going !, 
  did you see the football under ronny deila ? 
  i would 've liked 7-0 but maybe that 's getting too greedy . 
  mikael is a mad bastard ... 
  but we all love him . 
  excluding weekends ? 
  i 've seen this mentioned on a few these askreddit threads but only just decided to have a look today . 
  seriously wtf ?!, 
  this sub has to be a massive piss take !, 
  how is this not violent conduct ? 
  i think i 've found billy weir !!!, 
  ^ ( the guy who started a petition asking for celtic to banned from the cl for exactly this reason ), 
  some people are n't great with sarcasm on the internet . 
  so going by your logic , the next time i 'm playing in my sunday league and i 'm breaking up the park , only to be cynically scythed down by the big fat defender , because he ca n't be bothered to chase after me , it 's alright for me to get up and throw a right hook at him because ` he fouled me ' ? 
  what 's happened in this game is violent conduct , regardless of the foul that went before . 
  you 're pissed off at his actions ? 
  nail him in the next tackle you 're both in for . 
  throwing fists ( or forearms and elbows for that matter ) is against the rules . 
  celtic and uefa fines ... 
  we got fined for blocked stairways against linfield ... only thing was it was the police who were blocking the stairs . 
   this way your not in a position to encumber the attacker, 
  the defenders job is to do this exact thing . 
  they might not do so within the rules of the game all the time , but a defenders job is to restrict and prevent the attackers movement as best they can . 
   i 'm glad he learned his lesson, 
  i doubt very much he 's `` learned his lesson '' . 
  in fact , if anything he 'll be more fired up to have a go at the qarabag player in the return leg . 
  you do n't pull shit like what the qarabag player done and not expect consequences . 
  i can really only hope that is a piss take . 
  however given how some of the more hysterical rangers supporters have been acting recently it would n't surprise me if this genuine . 
  if you 're the qarabag captain , a right hook to the jaw . 
  home of the free apparently . 
  i 've really got into biffy clyro recently . 
  i liked them , but was n't their biggest fan until i saw them live twice last month and both shows were incredible !,
