  given european footballs working class roots , it goes a lot deeper than just ` supporting the teams who will all the time . 
  i 'm on the mobile app so i do n't have the time to go i to greater detail but i will once i get on my laptop . 
  jeez , who is the number 5 ? 
  his defending and wallaces defending was shambolic . 
  this hack is a cunt . 
  old man yells at cloud ... 
  this looks very similar to a street in gta v, 
  sky sports is pish for scottish football, 
  deila had him playing at left wing . 
  it 's pretty obvious when you see him play that he 's most definitely not a left winger . 
  pretty much . 
  i mean i can understand tierney ago g at right back because it 's not an entirely different position , just the opposite side of the park . 
  but it was painfully obvious to anyone with half a football brain that armstrong was n't comfortable at left wing . 
  even their build up to the games and the focus that they put on scottish football is far superior to what sky provide . 
  i even do n't mind craigan now . 
  if this was any other league all the comments on the sub would greeting about how this is a bad image for the sport and the league blah blah blah . 
  not scottish football fans though . 
  this is why i love the scottish game . 
  just the usual from the hearts fans then . 
  brendan will improve him ... 
  the point the op is making is the growth of the fan organisation the ` green brigade ' over a ten year period . 
  what started as group of 15-20 ( if that ) mates has grown into a group with near enough 1000 active people involved in it . 
  quite remarkable given the ` ultra scene ' is n't really a thing in the uk . 
  the op 's actually pointing out the growth in the size of the ` green brigade ' . 
  the fan group/ultras at celtic . 
  what started off as a small fan group of around 15-20 mates ( if that ) has grown to a group nearly 1000 in ten years . 
  something that 's quite remarkable in a country where the ` ultras scene ' is n't particularly popular . 
  i went to school , and briefly played alongside ( when i was like 14 or 15 ) danny mullen who plays as a striker for them . 
  not too sure how he 's getting on at livi though . 
  i ca n't decide what 's more pathetic ... garner vs jack or lafferty vs mulgrew . 
  i do n't see what everyone is getting upset over , this looks like an excellent tackle , both in slo-mo and at full speed . 
  i 've never witnessed parents come to blows in my time playing football when i was younger . 
  i have seen some heated arguments , but they 've always calmed themselves down . 
  sounds like a common thing with the madrid police . 
  during euro 2016 it was more acts of organised hooliganism . 
  i 've seen many a time over the years that the madrid police take a heavy handed approach when it comes to drunken football fans . 
  maybe it was the time of year i went but when i was in innsbruck there was a shitload of italian tourists . 
  granted it was just before christmas , so the christmas market was on and the italian border is far from innsbruck . 
  i was in geneva last year with my ex and it was disgustingly expensive . 
  although we did the total opposite to what you 've advised here . 
  still a beautiful city . 
  if you 're flying with easyjet though the airport is a nightmare . 
  i would like to add ibiza to this . 
  whilst the island is normally associated with partying and clubs , head away from san antonio/playa den bossa/ibiza town . 
  head to the northern part of the island for some really lovely , quiet towns and just chill out if that 's what your into . 
  glasgow is a class city . 
  i know people from perthshire etc who are terrified of glasgow . 
  maybe because i live and work in glasgow/greater glasgow i 'm kind of used to what goes on there , and do n't think it 's as bad as people make out . 
  the city centre , west end and parts of the south side are great parts of the city . 
  the east end has its areas to avoid , but the council are trying to encourage improvements in the area . 
  the north side i would say should be avoided for the time being . 
  this is on my to do list . 
  hamburg seems like a great city !, 
  the weather everywhere is better than scotland !, 
  we already have our league campaign playing through a month of the january transfer window . 
  whilst i am in favour of football being played in the summer in scotland ( seriously , going to watch a game on a miserable winters day in scotland is n't fun , but i still do it anyway ) , there are other factors that have to be considered to massively improve the scottish game . 
  things like the cost for young people to play , the cost of getting coaching badges and the availability of pitches constantly seem to be glossed over when considering the long term improvement in quality for the scottish game . 
  what i actually meant to say here was that we have our league playing through a month of the summer transfer window already . 
  the scottish league kicks off late july/early august . 
  i do apologise i had n't had my morning coffee yet . 
  pity the timing of his run back onside was shite ... 
  we already will be ... 
  they 'll just come and raid celtic again once they sell vvd on . 
  come to glasgow , our national league has a shit coefficient but celtic and rangers fans would still wish the other one defeat in europe !, 
  from the photos i have seen of the incidents so far it looks like the ol fans are the ones wearing face coverings and masks while attacking people . 
  well it 's not entirely impossible . 
  with the right manager , game plan and things going your way in the tournament it 's not entirely inconceivable . 
  just look at portugal in the euro 's last year and greece in 2004 . 
  i 'm a little bit skeptical about the councils reasons for this and the article seems a little bit vague on what educational purposes the tablets will actually be used for ? 
  are they being used for it/tech literacy purposes ? 
  or for general education purposes ? 
  or is it just a vanity/vote grabbing project by the current incumbents of glasgow city council and they 're giving them away to be used for any purpose ? 
  if they are being used for it/tech literacy purposes ( more specifically coding/programming ) then there are much more efficient and cheaper ways of going about this . 
  one example of hardware that is great for education in this regard is the raspberry pi . 
  these are devices that cost around # 25 - # 35 each and are pretty reliable for their size . 
  they are also excellent tools for learning the basics of how coding works and getting a feel for what 's involved . 
  obviously this way would require a lot of training for the teachers to be able to then teach the content , which is another matter entirely . 
  if it is for general educational purposes then yes this is probably the way the world will be heading in the future in terms of education . 
  it has the potential to have wider positive environmental/cost implications as well as being beneficial for the students in an increasingly tech savvy world . 
  if it is just a vanity/vote grabbing project then i 'm sorry , but there should be other ways that the council should be thinking to help bridge the inequality in the city . 
  great goal . 
  terrible defending . 
  when did he start wearing white boots ? 
  alex schalk should be expecting a 2 game suspension . 
  celtic should appeal scott brown 's red card , as it was never a red card in a month of sunday 's . 
  the refereeing was fucking atrocious . 
  the referring or the dive ? 
  indeed . 
  werder bremen look like they have the makings of a fairly decent team if they can get some consistency !, 
  this is a good result !, 
  rival football fans do n't like each other ... 
  he was excellent for us up until the bmg game at celtic park where he was poor for the goals and has n't really played since . 
  but that 's down to simunovic , boyata and sviatchenko playing well . 
  do n't forget the shitty lager !, 
  bt sport showed a replay and the camera angle was on the line , definitely had n't crossed the line . 
  shocking decision . 
  how 's neymars theatrics been recently ? 
  where is grant hanley ?!, 
  that was a bit of an emotional roller coaster . 
  the antifa accusation does n't sit with me because i 've never heard of them actually claiming responsibility for something like that .
