  in my company , we have an online library of help guides and documents called ` isis documentation ' . 
  fortunately my company has been around since the early 1900 's and this documentation has been around a similar time and is nothing to do with the jihadist thing . 
  i have been sober for over a week . 
  i 've never seen coatbridge , bellshill and airdrie being referred to the buckfast triangle . 
  i like it though . 
  each parking machine has a code allocated to it which the parking attendants will check when the check your vehicle . 
  i 'd say you probably wo n't get away with it if an attendant comes to check . 
  i know that . 
  it still amuses me slightly . 
  when did armstrong develop some aggression ?!, 
  best player on the park by a country mile . 
  not sure if this is the right thread , but i 'm looking for 3 tickets for the city game tomorrow . 
  the guy who had promised to get us some has let us down . 
  you obviously do n't watch scott brown play all that often . 
  we 've been saying that in scotland for years . 
   it 's not supposed to entertain you with its unpredictability . 
  i beg to differ . 
  how was the holiday ? 
  hope it was a good one !, 
  yeah i managed to get 3 at half 10 on monday night . 
  talk about last minute !, 
  i was at the game man , the smoke bombs that were set off , were n't anywhere near where the green brigade were standing . 
  there was a quick scuffle towards the end of the game . 
  it was in the home end though right next to our support and from where i was it looked like a few man city fans took exception to celtic fans being in their end . 
  i had a ticket for the home in monchengladbach with no bother . 
  i had a ticket in the home at city on tuesday , again , no bother with the home supporters . 
  we had a bit of craic and that was that . 
  there was one scuffle that i recall broke out next to divide between the home and away fans , but things were a bit heated there anyway ( as they can be between home and away fans next to each other ) . 
  shock horror , i was watching the real madrid vs bvb game last night and there were bvb fans dotted all around the stadium decked out in yellow clothing . 
  it happens all the time in the cl . 
  is he though ? 
  was he fighting ? 
  stu armstrong is becoming my favourite player !, 
  pre-season is exactly that ... pre-season . 
  why would anybody judge how a team plays during pre-season ? 
  i 'm not having a go at you man , but come on , it was pre-season under a new manager . 
  he also rotated the squad quite a lot and gave fringe players and youth team players games here and there . 
  i will admit once the red imps game ( our first competitive game ) came and we got beat with our regular first team guys i was a little worried . 
  after that game everything looked a lot better and a lot more settled . 
  there should be a way to avoid paying if the turnstiles are those three-pronged ones . 
  this person knows it . 
  straight reds can be revoked . 
  2 bookable offences however , can not . 
  i genuinely thought this was a piss take . 
  but speaking to quite a number of rangers fans where i 'm from they like this guy because he `` puts himself about '' . 
  not for his footballing ability , but because he jumps into people when going up for a header . 
  his footballing ability is shockingly bad btw . 
  did n't bitton give him a bit of sore yin as well ? 
  in fact i remember in the game against hearts at tynecastle , one of the hearts centre halves ( rossi i think it was ) barely even breathed down the back of garners neck and the cunt hit the deck quicker than a bag of cement dropped from a height . 
  he 's a plastic hard man . 
  mate he 's going to stroll in the epl . 
  that 's a shame ... 
  this is some slump we 're on ... 
  he may be , but he was apparently brought up a celtic fan , so i suppose we have that kind of going for us . 
  we 'll get pissed on a cheap tonic wine , fight amongst ourselves and occasionally yell `` freedom '' while everyone else looks on confused as to what we 're doing . 
  it is a nice stadium is n't it ?!, 
  i was there for a tsv 1860 game . 
  the beer is also top notch . 
  i did n't actually realise they were employees . 
  i 've seen that for years and wondered if they were being paid to be part of an advertisement every other week . 
  what mclaren had going for him at fc twente ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) is that most dutch people have a very good grasp of english . 
  `` the fa 's philosophy for england is freely available online and your statement could not be much further from the truth . '', 
  what the fa says and how it implements it are two wildly different things though . 
  how expensive is it to go to that place ? 
  i 've looked into doing my coach badges through the sfa ( i 'm from west central scotland ) and once i get beyond the third or fourth badge it then becomes pretty much financially impossible to continue for the professional level licences . 
  i think most police forces have their officers work in pairs . 
  seems kind of common sense . 
  you should see the weather here !, 
  because they have n't won or lost they games ... 
  rogic is injured . 
  however in december celtic have nine games to play . 
  after today we have two left . 
  so he has rotated the squad a bit to give players a rest . 
  celtic have a fixture on wednesday . 
  also the rest of the games are being played today . 
  i 'm confused here , can someone explain what the op means ? 
  that clears it up . 
  thanks guys . 
  take some imodium and get on with it . 
  i was called into work on christmas day , did n't finish until 3am this morning . 
  ca n't wait until i finish my standby week on thursday morning . 
  i 'm trying to figure out how to fit in a rave on friday , big derby game on saturday at 12:15 , then hogmanay/new years day celebrations without killing myself with alcohol poisoning . 
  also the weather where i am right now is fucking shit . 
  storm connor can go and take a fuck to himself . 
  i think the last pitch invasion by celtic fans was the season we stopped rangers winning 10 in a row in the 97/98 season . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  big up this photographer for his positioning . 
  have n't they already bought england ? 
  have n't they already bought england ? 
  i keep mine in an armani code gift set box i got one christmas . 
  i do n't know what the turnstyle system at ibrox is like now ( i have n't been since 2012 , i 'll find out on saturday though ) but at celtic park they 're automatic so the club do n't even send us out new season cards anymore , they just reactivate them for the following season , so it 's mainly away tickets and games abroad i use this for . 
  i also use it to keep my old gig tickets in !, 
  everybody in perth is called duncan , did n't you know ? 
  i 'm falling in love with stu armstrong . 
  my dig money went up # 50 . 
  mchuils on high streets , or the tollbooth at glasgow cross . 
  you also have malones at sauchiehall lane which is good . 
  he 's a better defender than he is attacker, 
  there is n't even violence . 
  geez peace .
