  i do n't think i 've ever seen him write something that 's remotely positive about scottish football . 
  shall i start a petition to end anti-baldness bias ? 
   takes national holidays very seriously, 
  i thought this was all of germany ? 
  i was in monchengladbach last year at halloween and then the 1st of november and on the 1st everything bar a handful of pubs , off-licences and kebab joints were shut . 
  i do n't care that much about him . 
  sometimes forget he 's still on our books . 
  never . 
  we have conceded one goal in competitive competition so far . 
  things are looking very good . 
  you should just reply with `` yes '' , and then watch the impending meltdown . 
  because i like being single . 
  that was beitar jerusalem . 
  the tipple of my people !, 
  a shitty lager , but it 's alright if you get a pub that pours it regularly and is rarely enjoyable outside of scotland . 
  not my favourite , but i do n't mind it from time to time . 
  innis and gunn is a far superior drink . 
  it 's not even a tabloid headline . 
  it 's more akin to those shifty click-bait websites people end up sharing on facebook . 
  m\u00f6nchengladbach beat us at celtic park 0-2 after barcelona in the group stages last season . 
  celtic are seriously going to put me in an early grave . 
  scott sinclair was a good out-ball and im still perplexed we took him off . 
  yeah they did actually . 
  well we have drawn barcelona a number of times . 
  does that count ? 
  i would punch you in the gut too if you constantly grabbed me by the waist . 
  nadir ciftci ( dressed up as moussa dembele ) . 
  in the uk though , nando 's is booming because of millennials . 
  in the west of scotland they 've finally opened up the new part of the main motorway between glasgow and edinburgh . 
  a few nights after it opened i got in my car and just drove up and down it for like half an hour because the feeling of driving on the new asphalt was amazing . 
  rod stewart - celtic . 
  i would take that . 
  both bvb and spurs away would be games i 'd get to attend . 
  i have literally no idea what i 'm doing and i 'm just winging it . 
  i went to school with tony watt ( soccer player and ex-celtic player so quite famous , particularly in my home town ) . 
  he has an online vlog where he details his favourite movies and recommends which ones to watch , however he is n't the most intelligent , and is quite arrogant for someone who has n't really achieved anything more than mediocrity in his career . 
  deep fried pizza . 
   if you 've ever tried fight your way out of a rip current , you 'll know just how fruitless it can be to try and resist . 
  my brother and i got caught in a rip current . 
  we panicked and forgot the basics our surf instructor told us and tried to swim to shore . 
  we were swimming but not going anywhere . 
  longest five minutes of my life . 
  would not recommend . 
  warm tennents is enough to put you off the drink for life . 
  i really hate this pish they do before the draw . 
  hurry and get it over with . 
  i want to get flights booked !, 
  munich away ? 
  do n't mind if i do !, 
  does anyone have confirmation of who 's playing who ? 
  trying to book holidays in work as quick as i can, 
  i was in the home end for both monchengladbach and man city away last season . 
  i did n't get any bother at all with the germans ( they were actually really pleasant and those round about us were chatting away ) . 
  there was no need to cover up colours either since both teams had similar colours . 
  city was different though . 
  granted there were more celtic fans clustered round about me at the etihad than there was at borussia park . 
  a few of them did n't react to kindly to us celebrating when roberts scored , but hey ho , it was a fun trip . 
  my main advice would be is to just be mindful that you 're in the home end and any exuberant celebrations might get you a bit of abuse shouted your way . 
  got them now ... at the time i posted there was nothing confirmed yet . 
   but at city they often go on general sale cheap, 
  this was how so many celtic fans ended up with tickets in the city end for the etihad last season . 
  it felt weird actively celebrating when sporting cp were drawn in barca 's group . 
  i know that beggars ca n't really be choosers ( for want of a better term ) but it feels nice to get a couple of teams that have n't played in the last 7-8 years . 
  brendan has said on more than one occasion that he does n't like jozo playing on plastic pitches . 
  it would appear that the rovers done a legia . 
  the new sponsor makes it sound exotic . 
  who played the st johnstone player onside for him to score there ? 
  three fouls i 've counted since they scored and collum has n't given them . 
  ca n't see it from where i am . 
  that maclean is a dick . 
  is that supposed to be some sort of insult ? 
  that cunt maclean should 've been sent off for that attempt of a punch at tierney . 
  st johnstone came and frustrated us . 
  they also rode their luck quite a bit and their keeper saved them on more than one occasion . 
  willie collum is a shambolic referee . 
  how he gets european games i 'll never know . 
  i can forgive a draw given the trip we had to make midweek . 
  we looked a little jet lagged today . 
  also , steven maclean is a cunt . 
  i think the term ' a real jerk ' is a bit of an understatement . 
  when i was 18 i got drunk in ibiza and decided to go swimming in the swimming pools of all the hotels that were lined up along the beach . 
  that was actually pretty fun . 
  jeez now we 're joining the craze of cringey announcement videos . 
  fuck it though . 
  did avicii think you were cool ? 
  he lives in the land of the fuckin ' giants !, 
  ca n't be arsed with the shit show in the rest of the comments here . 
  i 'm glad we 've got him back for at least another season . 
  he 's the type of exciting player that get 's you excited and off your seat , and is the perfect type of player in games like what we had against st johnstone at the weekend . 
  but playing a 4-6-0 and still getting beat surely leaves him open to the suggestion that he is n't a great manager ? 
   military tanks were being shipped around the country with no one knowing where they were headed, 
  imagine a military moving it 's equipment around within it 's own borders ?!, 
  what kind of military does this ???? 
   coconut are next years soy and grapefruit, 
  is that when the coconut is finished being this years fleshlight ? 
  that 's a great album by the strokes . 
  i 'll be sure to play that in the background next time . 
   do n't overthink and enjoy it together, 
  what if over-thinking is my natural mode of operation ? 
  to add this , this is also beneficial for the guy .
