  really looking forward to wednesdays game against rosenborg now . 
  he 's been massive for us , from the moment he was announced . 
  something like 10,000 people turned up at celtic park on a monday evening to see him being unveiled to the fans . 
  never before have i seen anything on that scale . 
  it 's near on impossible to get tickets for domestic away games now . 
  under deila it was no problem . 
  he got us into the cl proper for the first time in a few years and although we a shitty group and did n't win a game , we all still had a good time . 
  we obviously had the unbeaten domestic season , which was incredible . 
  but most importantly the football has been enjoyable . 
  it 's largely been fast paced and exciting . 
  something that was lacking big time under deila . 
  ` sorry , too busy to help you ' . 
  then go back to procrastinating on reddit . 
  it 's actually not as bad as some might think . 
  the cup tickets are generally very well priced for season ticket holders . 
  plus it 'll pretty much guarantee you a ticket for the hampden games , should we get there . 
  for the next five to 8 years it 's a no from me . 
  and yes , it 's purely from a selfish point of view . 
  i do n't want kids of my own right now let alone the potential for responsibility of another persons child . 
  i 've too much partying and travelling to do and festivals to attend . 
  perhaps my view will change over the next few years . 
  but i 'm in my early twenties and right now i 'm solely focussed on living life for what i want to do . 
  the police scotland officers present in the standing section were nothing more than glorified traffic cones that served no purpose other than to block stairwells . 
  the problem is , bhoys are stuck away up in the gods and there 's about ten of them . 
  precisely this . 
  nothing better than an away day . 
  aye cause it 's windy as fuck here . 
  having driven in scotland , england and australia plus recently being in the passenger seat of a taxi in spain , i have to say we are relatively sane drivers . 
  the only place here i 've known to get even remotely like wacky races is the stretch between the royal infirmary and the kingston bridge on the m8 . 
  you 've just reminded me that k\u00f6lsch was playing and i 'm raging that i missed him . 
  the view were class , liked the touch from the keyboard player with the celtic top on !, 
  if you had a celtic top on the night of the linfield away game we no doubt walked past each other shouting ` shapnin bitton ' as pretty much every other celtic fan did that night !, 
  hurry and get this done ... we want our slice of the pie . 
   groceries are fucking expensive , but eating out all the time is even worse . 
  me and my mates done this at a festival in spain recently . 
  we had an apartment around 15-20 minutes from the festival , so rather than go out and eat at a restaurant every night , we went to the supermarket , spent 20euro each , bought a shit load of ingredients and made our own dinner every night before going to the festival . 
  saved ourselves 200euros each , and that was more money towards alcohol . 
  apparently drinking coffee can make it taste like coffee . 
  so says my ex who did n't drink coffee . 
  i went to a greek place for a gyros and a cappuccino one day . 
  the restaurant was mobbed with people chatting and having a laugh and enjoying each others company . 
  but for me there was something bliss about the loneliness of eating myself , something that i do n't often do . 
  it 's annoying that we 're going into a cl qualifier and the biggest group of guys who have been getting the atmosphere going have got themselves banned for two games . 
  i know it 's entirely their own fault , but fuck me this is a game we need them for . 
  ( i am glad that my place in the standing section has n't been affected by the ban . ), 
  edit - the way it is being handled by both the club and the green brigade is turning into a bit of a shitshow . 
  the club has banned 900 people , of which around 90 % are n't members of the green brigade and are not privy to any decisions they make regarding pyro or banners . 
  the green brigade are being extremely confrontational and refusing to back down as well . 
  the two game closure of the section , which the club stated this was , has turned into a five game ban for those who are affected . 
  we have three away games through the duration of this ban ( sunderland , rosenborg and partick thistle ) and the people affected have been told their tickets already purchased have been cancelled , and those who want to buy tickets ca n't do so . 
  also , i have a mosquito bite that keeps getting larger and increasingly irritating . 
  this really hits home with me because i was on the receiving end of this . 
  granted some of the minor details are different , but the gist of it is the same . 
  she was making dates ( even just spending time together ) so tedious and started to make a lot of excuses to spend more time with a guy from her work than with me . 
  when she would eventually text back it was a shitty one word response and she was increasingly distant . 
  the more this happened , the more i became blinkered and needed her . 
  eventually she ended things , two days before we were due to go on vacation together . 
  god how that week was awkward . 
  in the immediate aftermath of the break-up ( like within three weeks ) she was in a relationship with the guy from her work , and it came out that she was cheating with him . 
  i was bitter for a short time because if that 's how she felt , why did she keep me around for so long ? 
  why did n't she just do the decent thing and end things months before when she should have ? 
  why was she dishonest about why she was breaking up with me ? 
  why did i stick around when i knew there was n't a future ? 
  i 'm now a year down the line and it 's not all bad . 
  i 'm actually glad she broke up with me . 
  in hindsight we were n't ever going to work out because we were entirely different people . 
  on a personal level i 've been able to do so much without having to think about how she will react . 
  i 've travelled a fair bit , gone to a shitload of gigs , and partied without a care in the world , and i work all the over time i want . 
  there have been some lingering consequences , but they 're working themselves out in time , so it 's not all bad . 
  did you get drunk and phone while smoking a cigarette while yelling nothing but profanities ? 
  i 'll be extremely disappointed if you did n't . 
  only as a friendly greeting !, 
  eric cantona is a modern day prophet . 
  god the m6 at stoke is a fucking shitshow . 
  i absolutely detest driving it . 
  this whole saga is turning into a bit of a shitshow . 
  livingston , cumbernauld and east kilbride . 
  fuck them all and their shitty dual-carriage way road systems . 
  i noticed that someone had downvoted you . 
  fuck knows why . 
  not only are they fucking over rosenborg fans not at the game ( which is bullshit ) but they 're fucking over own supporters who ca n't attend the game for whatever reason . 
  actually viewers in the uk and ireland do n't get access to matches on celtic tv . 
  you have to have a registered post code outside the uk/ireland to be able to view the game . 
  not only are they fucking over rosenborg fans who ca n't watch be at the game , they 're fucking over uk based celtic fans who ca n't be at the the game . 
  it 's been a frustrating few days as a celtic fan . 
   i wish airlines had one of those at every gate , and when you went to board , you were required to place your bag into the metal size tester thing . 
  quite a few airlines in the uk have these contraptions at bag drop . 
  these in general ... 
   getting plastered before your flight . 
  there are few things worse than a drunk person on a flight . 
  except for a puking hungover person on a flight, 
  good luck on a uk to ibiza flight lol, 
  pissing on toilet seats in general is disgusting . 
  i ca n't fathom why people do it !, 
  i was on my mates shoulders at a festival and the bbc were covering it , got on tv for all of 2/3 seconds . 
  this was like 6 years ago and i still tell people about it . 
   it 's really important for spouses to be on the same page when it comes to kids, 
  not my spouse or so , just a really close friend where there 's a lot of sexual tension . 
  she says she wants to have a kid with me next year . 
  apparently it 'll calm her down and stop her partying .
