  a quick google search for that is all you need . 
  the green brigade act carte blanche with what ? 
  some questionable refereeing , some pretty good goals , and a fairly undeserved draw . 
  credit should go to fon williams . 
  pulled off some cracking saves to keep caley in the game . 
  it was probably played deliberately yes . 
  i did n't know there was a view of the gsa from sauchiehall street ... 
  stravaigan, 
  edit - wrong area of the city ... my bad, 
  the garage ... an atrocity ?!, 
  no way !, 
  hampden is still a shitehole . 
  hampden in the sun ? 
  hopefully . 
  to be honest , i actually ca n't be bothered with this game . 
  we have to deal with all the shitty media hype four times already this season . 
  plus the arseholes that do n't go to the games and get drunk in the pub and start fights . 
  i 'll still be at the shitehole hampden to support my team though . 
  honestly , see if you 're in the single letter seats , you ca n't see the other side of the stadium . 
  it is honestly the worst footballing venue on the planet . 
  it 's also the worst for transport links . 
  terrible , terrible stadium . 
  it 's gon na take a hell of a lot of investment in the uk 's infrastructure to get 100mbps to every home . 
  but the neither the government nor the service providers seem interested in that . 
  police scotland love wasting resources on stuff like this , while ignoring some more important issues . 
  i do n't know why though . 
  and of course , the papers love a good sensationalist headline . 
  it sells their papers and makes them money . 
  that 's why i stopped buying them . 
  especially the record and the sun . 
  where the fuck was the defence ? 
  has another statement been released ? 
  i get that after the mildest of curries ... 
  enjoy your pain free shitting . 
  god save the queen is the most depressing national anthem i 've ever heard . 
  do n't take anything the daily record says at face value . 
  that aussie rules football is just legalised ( and televised ) assault . 
  bank holidays ... 
  to elaborate i 'm from the uk and every so often we have ` bank holidays ' where traditionally the banks would shut on specific monday 's throughout the year , so the businesses would shut as well . 
  a lot of businesses still do this and it means a long weekend and a sunday night on the bevy without fear of being hungover in work . 
  people who knew that one day , we 'd get an extra hour in a nightclub . 
  i 'm sure they only had him listed as on loan if you updated the squads before starting a new season on fifa16 . 
  how much are they putting the prices up ? 
  are they going to be as much as city centre prices or not as bad ? 
  this causes problems for me and my van . 
  i was part of it , but i 'd give anything to be able to be able to watch the call and response ` come on you bhoys in green ' from tonight . 
  quite possibly one of my favourite moments of supporting celtic . 
  that 's just links to celtic fans signing irish republican songs . 
  it does n't actually back up the statement you made . 
  since your man rust95 explained it horrifically , i 'll do my best to give you a better background on this . 
  celtic as a club are not affiliated nor does it have any connection with palestine as such . 
  it 's something that 's been largely come about through the supporters . 
  a large majority of celtic supporters can trace their heritage back to ireland . 
  a large number of these people tend to be of irish republican persuasion , where they view the british occupation of ireland ( over hundreds of years ) as one of oppression and injustice . 
  they see the struggle of the palestinian people in their occupation by the israeli government as one similar to that faced by the irish when ireland was occupied by the british government . 
  unlike what rust95 suggested there is little , if any , support hamas , and it is more solidarity with people of palestine rather than any of the political/military organisations there . 
  i 'd quite like him to stay , to be honest with you ... 
  i believe that city have been selling tickets for the home end on general sale and a large number of celtic fans have so far bought some . 
  is he as good as our dembele though ( celtic fan ), 
  comedic defending there, 
  tough game , the legs looked a little weary . 
  however good three points and a first clean sheet in league this season . 
  i think you 've over reacted a little there . 
  geez a greet man . 
  honestly , see if you 're ( or anyone else for that matter ) getting upset over a player celebrating in front of them or giving them a cheeky get it up ye ( when they 've no doubt been getting dogs abuse from the support all game ) then ye need to start questioning yourself . 
  is that boulogne boys ? 
  why ? 
  i 've actually seen more celtic players booked for celebrating in front of the away fans than the other way around . 
  a pint of tennents in glasgows west end . 
  near enough # 5 for the same shitty lager that 's usually # 3 and under in any other bar in the city, 
  girlfriends are for fools . 
  i have never peed in the sink . 
  nor do i know anyone who 's peed in the sink . 
  never met him . 
  he was possibly expecting stones to win the header and was n't expecting the ball to come to him ... 
  did n't look overly set to clear the ball . 
  kolarov has n't had a particularly good few days what with his mishit clearance that led to dembele 's second goal the other night ... 
  watching this with interest as it 's monchengladbach up next for us in the champions league . 
  looking good for celtic in glasgow . 
  you guys do n't seem to travel too well . 
  then again , neither do we in europe . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  i 'm looking forward to both games in champions league regardless . 
  should be a couple of exciting encounters . 
  on another note , are you from monchengladbach yourself ? 
  if so , do you have any advice on what to do or what pubs to drink in ? 
  the irish pub and the steak place sound amazing . 
  i 'll definitely give them both a visit . 
  thanks man !, 
  fuck that girly nonsense . 
  i 'm a guy , and i have no shame in ordering a cosmo or a white russian . 
  i like cosmos , and i 'm not a cougar , middle-aged or a woman . 
  what does that say about me ? 
  i say fair play to him . 
  if i could get away with it , i 'd life the same life as him . 
  hearts were 1-0 up at half time as well . 
  according to celtic 's snapchat story . 
  can he do it on a wet and windy night in stoke ? 
  ( why is stoke the bench mark for how successful a manager will be in the pl ? ), 
  so why would you discourage a player from trying to glide past a pro ?
