  as much as i 'd love to see him playing for us again , there are other areas of the team that we need to improve on , especially if we want to make some sort of progression in europe next season . 
  both are the most consistently comfortable pair of boots i 've ever worn . 
   never got along with a 2006 indoors red and white total 90 pair i had . 
  too stiff , got me some blisters , generally did n't feel good at all . 
  i had the white and gold one of these and i found the exact same . 
  far too stiff and so uncomfortable to play in . 
  going unbeaten in all competitions domestically has been incredible and feel good factor that brendan rodgers has brought back has been incredible !, 
  that is all . 
  i 've already posted here this morning , but it 's annoying me that there are people claiming that jayden stockley did n't mean to hurt kieran tierney in the scottish cup final . 
  he is a thug with previous for using his elbows . 
  i went to see the vaccines in the academy a few years ago with my dad and we both had seating tickets . 
  my dad got into standing no problem , but i got caught out and ended up inventing a story that i had severe vertigo and that my dad had my medication that i needed to get off him . 
  surprisingly the steward bought it . 
  either that or they just did n't give a fuck . 
  i posted about this on the monday moan thread on r/soccer . 
  i 'm torn on this one . 
  obviously i love roberts he 's been excellent since joining on loan , and brought much needed excitement to the drab football we played under deila . 
  but i do n't know if it 's worth spending most of what our transfer budget is likely to be on him when we could invest the money in other areas of the team to improve us over all in europe next season . 
  the only time i have ever seen this is when people are complaining about it on social media . 
  i gave up biscuits and fizzy juice this year . 
  do n't use thy lords name in vain :o, 
  it was a tough six weeks , but the strength of the lord , my god helped through . 
  i 'll take paddy back on loan if you do n't mind . 
  like many around me in hampden on saturday we were starting to get really , really nervous going into the last 20 minutes of the scottish cup final on saturday . 
  we all had a sneaking feeling that aberdeen would get one last counter attack and get a goal . 
  step up tom rogic . 
  the celebrations were the wildest , most joyful celebrations i 've ever been involved in . 
  the outpouring of emotion was incredible . 
  people were going mental , jumping about and hugging those round about them , even if they were strangers . 
  once things had calmed down a little bit i just stood in tears . 
  no doubt i was n't the only one . 
  i 've seen us win cups and leagues before , but this one is the most important to me personally.mwinning a treble is n't an easy thing to do , regardless of what anyone says . 
  i still have n't come down from cloud 9 yet . 
  it 's all i could talk about in work today . 
  even my hangover was bearable yesterday because of it . 
  experiencing every possible emotion that is possible to experience , having your nerves ran ragged for 90 minutes only for your team to score a last minute winner to win you the cup and experience that outpouring of joy and happiness is the number one reason why i love football . 
  scotrail ( or scotfail as it is affectionately known by some here ) is currently operated by abelio , who are from the netherlands . 
  there 's been talk amongst celtic fans of him coming here . 
  but tbh i do n't think we really need him . 
  assuming you 're a teenager right now , what opportunities are there to play at school ? 
  ie during pe or with the school team ? 
  also , are there any contacts/acquaintances you could speak to about getting trials with a local team in your area . 
  you do n't necessarily have to best mates with people to get involved with a team . 
  you have to recognise first and foremost that if you 're not being paid to play football then it will always come second to your job . 
  working part-time or shift work may not be as forgiving to playing football as say working a 9-5 purely because of it 's nature . 
  in jobs that work different shift patterns , you may have colleagues that are flexible and will swap with you to allow you to play and train , providing you are flexible with them if they ever need it . 
  in part-time jobs , if you 're really keen and your employers are reasonable you can work it so that your hours allow you can train and play . 
  sometimes it 's just plain unavoidable that your work commitments mean that you ca n't make a game or a training session , but that 's life . 
  for me , i work an 8-4 job , but the nature of my job means we provide an on call service . 
  so once every three weeks i have to take my work phone to training and to games , give it to the coach and if the phones goes , i 'll have to leave early . 
  in terms of personal life aspect , it depends what you prioritise . 
  all of my mates are well aware that i play football , and some of them do too . 
  those of us who do play , play sunday league so we mostly go to the pub/clubs on fridays . 
  if i go to the pub on a saturday i 'll either take the car and stick to soft juice , or really moderate my alcohol intake and only have one or two beers . 
  i 've played with a hangover twice and it is n't fun at all . 
  all my previous girlfriends have always been made aware of my passion for football and are made aware that i do play so there are times when i ca n't spend time with them . 
  i also have a season ticket at the club i support so they are made aware that that there will also be times i 'll be at a match and not with . 
  as far as i 'm concerned it 's up to them how they deal with it . 
  family commitments depend on how close you and you 're family are and what stage of life you may be at . 
  sundays tend to be quiet days for our family so that 's why i play sunday league . 
  most of our family parties take place on friday/saturday evenings so it does n't really affect playing . 
  i should also point out that i 've not really stuck to this recently . 
  me and my ex broke up last summer and this season i 've not played an awful . 
  this has been due to a mixture of partying every weekend and not enjoying playing with the team i was with . 
  i am however getting back into a fitness routine and will be joining a new team in time for pre season . 
  i go between them and adidas copa mundial . 
  i swap the insole for ones more suited to high arches . 
  but in terms of all round comfort these two pairs of boots are my favourite . 
  i read a comment online from a st pauli fan where he said something along the lines of he would n't know if a union fan would punch him or buy him a beer when they are playing each other . 
  from what i gather about it , there does n't seem to be any particular friendship or hatred and really comes down to the individual ( s ) . 
  who were founded by red bull , are nicknamed ` the bulls ' , play in the red bull arena and are part of red bulls sporting portfolio . 
  the only reason they are not called red bull leipzig is because it goes against dfb rules . 
  soon , all football around the world will be a competition between etihad and red bull . 
  i agree with this . 
  i do n't think some of the 1860 fans like it to be fair . 
  shhhhh do n't tell english teams that !, 
  i buy fifa when it comes out . 
  i play it for a while . 
  i get frustrated with it and start hating it . 
  i stop playing for a while and get a notion to play it again . 
  i realise why i hate it and stop playing again . 
  then the new one comes out and the vicious circle starts again . 
  it 's called a huddle . 
  for celtic , it 's a ritual that the players do before every game . 
  i 'm not sure about other clubs . 
  did n't barcelona do that as well ? 
  i thought so . 
  i could n't remember the players who it was that did n't play for months !, 
  the straw that broke the camels back, 
  i think over here it 's just because we 're all lazy and saying sporting club de portugal is a bit long winded . 
  for us , i 've only ever been used to seeing it as glasgow celtic so seeing it as celtic glasgow is a bit odd haha !, 
  talk about missing the sarcasm lol, 
  haha yeah , that 's just a no go . 
  when the fuck did that happen ? 
  the green brigade generally finance their tifos from selling their merchandise ( t-shirts , scarves , hoodies , jackets , hats etc. ), 
  and now i think partially from the membership to north curve celtic which has been introduced in the wake of the standing section being introduced . 
  for the lisbon lions , and the 125th anniversary they have asked for donations from the wider support which , by all accounts , they received a significant amount of money for . 
  one of the gb guys is a poster on the kerrydale street forum and was saying that in the build up to the lisbon lions tifo there had been quite a number of them in for over a week to lay out all the flags and plastic sheets . 
  i do n't think this is the desso pitch though . 
  i 'm sure i read somewhere that we 're installing a hybrid pitch just now because we do n't have enough time to get the desso pitch in for next season .
