  in the recent seasons that celtic have played at the camp nou we 've had an allocation of between 5000-6000 , but it 's been away up in the gods . 
  i think for european games against that typically has a large travelling support both barca and real give the other team a fairly good chunk of the allocation . 
  i think domestically though away supports do n't travel in large numbers , even from barca and real . 
  get him to fuck . 
  in a purely footballing sense i 'd agree with you . 
  there are better managers than billy davies out there . 
  i ca n't actually recall him achieving much apart from at championship level . 
  i 've also heard rumours that he 's eventually caused disharmony in the changing room where ever he 's managed which is something rangers do n't really need or want to deal with right now . 
  on another note , i ca n't actually believe that kris boyd gets paid to come up with the shite that he spouts . 
  someone really should tell to shut up !, 
  mark mcghee is such a fucking terrible manager !, 
  even his attempts at mind games are embarrassing . 
  when will clubs realise this ?!, 
  also christie scored again ... excellent . 
  anti-vaxxers seem like the most illogical pricks on the planet . 
  it 's a shithole once you get there mate . 
  so there 's nothing to worry about if he manages rangers ? 
  who even is ronaldo ? 
  not a patch on the borussia monchengladbach twitter account . 
  i 'll never forget the time ally crawford of hamilton accies nutmegged this prick . 
  in terms of the accent glasgwegian is actually a minority . 
  once you leave glasgow pretty much everywhere else has that softer , bouncier accent that uses words like ` ken ' and the sorts . 
  shoulder to shoulder ref !, 
  may i please go vertigo ? 
  you on about that horrible squaff he had the loop over the bar ? 
  yeah i was a bit perplexed by that !, 
  that 's something i 'd expect from myself with my local sunday league game , not a top flight pro !, 
  that 's the most hilarious comment i 've ever read ya pure trumpet . 
  i like that cammy kerr that plays for dundee . 
  he reminds me quite a bit of kieran tierney . 
  quite an old school fullback , very good in the tackle and a decent player on top of that . 
  another scottish prospect i hope can kick on and better himself overall . 
  hearts used their season in administration , then the subsequent season in the championship to reorganise , rebuild and have some sort of plan in place to get back to a decent position and it 's worked well for them . 
  the biggest issue that rangers have had is the fact that the club has been run by a bunch of dodgey business men for years ( and i include dave king in that too ) , and the vast majority of their support have bought into the bluster that every single one of them has millions of pounds to spend on the club . 
  there 's also been very little self-reflection and practically no acknowledgement of the fact that it was david murray ( encouraged by the rangers supporters ) who fucked them . 
  he spent millions of pounds that he did n't have and jumped ship in 2012 when it started going tits up . 
  the vast majority of their supporters have refused to take their head out the sand and have ran around for the last five years blaming everyone else for the predicament that was caused by no one else but them . 
  for this reason there is very little sympathy for them amongst supporters of other scottish football teams . 
  its why they 're mocked and laughed at and probably the reason why a lot of people not associated with them really dislike them . 
  ahhh see i was unaware of that ... fair enough !, 
  fuck sake , tell him to go and play amateur in some of the schemes ( estates ) round the country to toughen him up a bit . 
  just because they 've bought the expensive seats does n't mean that they lose the capability to spit on/at someone . 
  oh wo n't somebody please think of the chairs ? 
  when they decide they want to play . 
  neil lennon 's post match interview last weekend suggested there was a bit of an issue with the players attitude . 
  this was the celebration i used to do as a kid because larsson was my hero . 
  it kind of comforts me to know that i was n't the only one who 's mum did n't like me doing it !, 
  mate i was in the stadium , in the leather seats at the man city and there was no way that the home sections were sold out . 
  i also think it 's time for them to go down . 
  paul mersin channelling his inner mark warburton ... 
  hamstring injury, 
  i 'm embarrassed for the op . 
  this is fucking terrible . 
  why is it that the psg ultras have been banned , but every other teams has n't ? 
  i did n't actually read what paper had printed this until your comment , then i laughed . 
  the daily fucking record ... 
  jeez i thought i 'd stumbled onto follow follow there ... 
  i think you 'll find it was the soviets that saved the brits . 
  jeez he 's got around since leaving celtic, 
  what i tend to find with these people is that they in actual fact do n't really know an awful lot about football . 
  at best philip lahm , at worst cristian gamboa . 
  i went to school with the girl who dyes his hair, 
  easiest time of it i can ever remember in inverness, 
  is kiernan suspended for the derby ? 
  please tell me he is n't ? 
  moussa will just have to tear whoever fills in for him a new one . 
  with more ability . 
  he might have scored a hat-trick , but it 's now march and i 'm yet to see any evidence that joe garner can actually play football . 
  dougie imrie ( cunt ) did n't get straight back up ... 
  wtf ? 
  because of this i shall downvote !, 
  griffs been injured and dembele is the man scoring the goals . 
  regardless if the opposition why would you change that ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned i want to win the treble . 
  and if that means playing a team that 's been with a striker who 's been scoring goals i 'll keep it as it is . 
  it 's the tough nature of football but griff has to bide his time . 
  glad we got those two goals . 
  they 've kicked our arse into gear . 
  when does mccann not look upset when celtic win ? 
  this is coming from the daily record ... lol . 
  the badge renters ? 
  and rangers . 
  whilst most of what you said is spot on , it 's a bit disingenuous to suggest that rangers supporters support fascism . 
  hawd oan til we get the metre stick out ya spangle . 
  as this person said . 
  to psyche them out . 
  i 've seen things where aik fans would set the fire alarms off in the opposing teams hotel the night before a european match to wake everyone up . 
  it happens . 
  and the celtic fans let off one wee piddly smoke bomb and everyone loses their minds ... 
  i never said i thought it was acceptable . 
  i said it happens and provided an example . 
  that 's thirty seconds of my life i wo n't get back . 
  who 's funding this ? 
  gazzilionaire dave king or the right honourable michael ashley ? 
  forward planning is n't something that 's done well in this country . 
  what if debbie was a real cunt at work that day though ? 
  the first real exposure i had to union berlin was through a copa90 video last year or the year before . 
  ever since i 've promised that i will make a trip to go and see them . 
  can any of the union fans on this board provide any information on how difficult tickets for home matches are to come by and what the pricing is like ? 
  it 's a big game for celtic on sunday .
