  it 's a chinese restaurant . 
  that is n't a very high benchmark . 
  both in football and life . 
  it 's too late . 
  the article mentioned somewhere in scotland and he instantly jumped to conclusions . 
   just a tech, 
  not contributing to the debate , but that reminds me of the first season of mr robot !, 
  i want a shitty 1-0 win for the team your playing against . 
  just for the lols . 
  i recently heard twentyone pilots cover of elvis presley 's ` ca n't help falling in love ' and i loved it !, 
  i had this with my ex . 
  it was great for me . 
  she eventually wanted more though and it was one of the reasons she broke up me . 
  oh well , such is life . 
  i can drink as much coffee as i want !!!!!, 
  i can do as much overtime and call outs as i want with out it affecting the time i spend with a so , and then the guilty feeling of not spending time with them because i 'm in work . 
  even in a happy relationship you still have to discuss your trips with your so . 
  i booked a trip at relatively short notice to visit a mate who was living abroad when i was with my ex . 
  i did n't tell her for two weeks because i knew that she would n't be happy with it . 
  now i 'm single , i do n't need to take that into consideration . 
  i just book it and go !, 
  fun - we are young . 
  i briefly worked for my uncles company and the radio station his employees listened to played this like twice an hour , everyday for like a month . 
  5 years later i still ca n't stand it . 
  have you been rick roll 'd one to many times ? 
  how i wept at ` my finale part2 ' . 
  that was the first tv show that i 'd ever become heavily invested in . 
  from personal experience , i should 've ended it months before she did . 
  i just could n't see the wood for the trees and was convinced it would work out . 
  there were a tonne of red flags that she was n't interested any more but i was too into her . 
  i would have saved myself months of hurt and i 'd have moved on quicker . 
  hindsight is a wonderful thing . 
  during the season , ibiza is non-stop . 
  for me heath ledgers joker is one villain that for some reason i absolutely love . 
  do n't you mean they were calling it every year , four years in advance of it happening haha . 
  i thought i 'd read he 'd signed an extension with hull . 
  or perhaps i 'm losing my marbles . 
  i wish rangers absolutely no success in the world whatsoever . 
  also i think uefa are changing it from next season so that it 's individual club co-efficient ( rather than national co-efficient ) that will affect european standing , which is of benefit to us , but no one else . 
  if what i 've said is true ( and anyone feel free to correct me if wrong ) then it 's even less of an incentive for me to even consider wishing them well . 
  greetings , fellow timalloy . 
  i made the mistake of taking fosters to t in the park . 
  put me off it for life . 
  figure skating is hella graceful . 
  plus you get to dance with girls . 
  i think this is one of the reasons why i like what stuart armstrong is doing with his law degree . 
  perhaps players are n't encouraged to think of the long term because they have it all in the here and now . 
  orange or masonic ? 
  lol, 
  i was waiting on this haha . 
  the gym i go to has a swimming pool , jacuzzi and a steam room . 
  i take a litre bottle of water and then it goes jacuzzie , steam room , pool , repeat . 
  i 'm usually cured after about an hour , but i 'm mega hungry , so i go to the mcdonalds next door to the gym and get a cheese burger and nuggets to perk my system up a bit . 
  it 's somewhat comforting knowing i 'm not the only scot browsing this sub . 
  he 'll be demoted to the lunch time chippy run for the remainder of his contract . 
   his team mates avoid passing the ball to him for some weird reason, 
  that 's because he 's no adam lallana . 
  starbucks coffee is the worst . 
  in the uk we have another coffee chain ( costa coffee ) and the theirs is vastly superior !, 
  aquaplaning is one of the worst situations for that feeling !, 
  i heard/read a rumour that starbucks deliberately over roast their coffee beans which makes it taste the way it does . 
  not sure why they 'd want to do it . 
  i do enjoy sitting outside a coffee shop when the weather is nice ( granted that is n't often where i am ) and watching the world go by . 
  the coffee has to be decent though . 
  this is what i 've been doing recently . 
  sticking himym on at night and having it on until i fall asleep . 
  i have n't been on a first date with someone in four years but i 've decided to grow the fuck up and actually go ahead with this one i 've arranged for tonight . 
  i 'm absolutely shitting it because it 's been so long and i 'm not sure if anything will come of it . 
  but if anything it 'll get me back in the game and get me used to dating again . 
  i got rashford on loan at celtic in fifa17, 
  if you 're buying from a dealership go along with someone who has experience of buying cars from them before . 
  car salesmen are fly as fuck and will do what they can to squeeze the most out of a deal . 
  someone with a bit of experience in dealing with them should be able to haggle and get you a half decent deal with paying too much extra . 
  if you 're just buying privately try and get someone who knows about cars to go along with you and make sure it is n't a shit heap . 
  if not , then again someone with experience in buying cars is a massive benefit . 
  in either scenario you do n't want to be getting ripped off . 
  thanks for the advice man !, 
  they 've actually just opened up the first tim hortons in glasgow . 
  i 've yet to get in and try it !, 
  as u/imperito said , it means the same . 
  i believe aquaplaning is a uk term though . 
  nah fam , you 're not getting tierney . 
  the comment i was waiting to read !, 
  there 's rumours we 're in for a young chelsea player , charly musonda . 
  any chelsea fans able to shed any light on how good he is ? 
  or even betis fans since he was on loan there recently ? 
  your stadium is one of the stadiums in the country i 'd love to visit . 
  sadly though we have n't been drawn in any cup competitions recently . 
  you are the ultimate football hipster . 
  rapid are n't that obscure . 
  certainly not to us anyway ... 
  decent match on saturday btw . 
  that 's definitely good to hear . 
  if he 's got good ability and great attitude he 'll get plenty of playing time up here . 
  perhaps it would n't be silly to think that chelsea could insert some sort of buy back clause ? 
  a lot of young german players are getting a lot of game time , and experience for their respective clubs . 
  it would seem that it 's happened by design . 
  there 's a fable amongst my former work colleagues that some of the locals in milton took a buzz saw to one of the council cctv poles to try and break into it and destroy the equipment inside . 
  `` life is but a walking shadow , a poor player, 
  that struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
