  the feelings mutual pal . 
  garner did play . 
  lasted about 10 minutes though . 
  i think he disappeared before they scored ? 
  did he not ? 
  i have n't seen anyone beating the shit out of each and i was at the game . 
  so it did . 
  i 'm quite drunk and was at the game so i ca n't quite remember the exact sequence of events . 
  sky 's coverage of scottish football is shite . 
  bt 's is miles better . 
  glasgow wo n't be that bad . 
  i went to garage after the 5-1 game and things were fine . 
  james tavernier will be having nightmares about scotty sinclair, 
  is n't that what football fans do the world over ? 
  it may seem stupid to you , but at the same time you have to accept the fact the footballers do have pretty short careers in comparison to the rest of us . 
  and they still have to live once their careers are over . 
  he has the opportunity to set himself ( and probably his childrens children ) for life . 
  and it could be done in two/three years . 
  probably for him it was a no brainier . 
  edit * - just for the record personally i 'm not a huge fan of all this money being spent on football players and their wages . 
  however i am trying to see it from a players perspective as well . 
  come to celtic , ryan . 
  there is a sunderland however ... 
  i wish i could get a # 5 million tax-free loyalty bonus next year . 
  i guess being in telecoms game was a bad career move . 
  sky 's scottish coverage is rank . 
  the best they can come up with is david tanner and neil mccann . 
  cretins of the highest order . 
  mine ? 
  better than neil mccann . 
  and yet it 's so unsurprising . 
  more concrete and a dodgey underground rail network ? 
  join us , we have shit broadband . 
  mate what are you on about ?!, 
  they tackles are all fair game !!!, 
  where abouts in the world are you ? 
  have you been to any of the two bars in glasgow yet ? 
  fair play to rodgers and davies for spotting that early doors . 
  sporting recalled him from loan at vitoria in some fairly sketchy circumstances . 
  basically vitoria knocked sporting out of the league cup due to some strange rule and ( from what i gather ) the sporting director took the huff . 
  edit * i 'd like it if brendan rodgers brought him to celtic . 
  johan cruyff was one of the best footballers ( soccer players ) ever who invented the trick ` the cruyff turn ' to evade ensuing defenders . 
  `` man on '' is a phrase shouted in scottish ( and british ) soccer to let a team mate in possession of the ball know that there is an opposing player coming to tackle . 
  the rest should be self-explanatory . 
  this is such a shite game . 
  any fulham fans on here , how is johansen getting on this season ? 
  where i live it 's taught in our schools . 
  we like to let people know who we are ... 
  basically anywhere in the country that is n't glasgow or north/south lanarkshire . 
  away and cry us a river ya fuckin weapon, 
  he will remain in scott browns back pocket and should forever be reminded of it wherever he plays . 
  the change in that guys tone hahahaha, 
  wit ? 
  for one , celtic have only drawn once and won every single other domestic game . 
  they 're may also be others out there in other leagues . 
  mcghee is n't a particularly good manager . 
  he 's also a bit of an insufferable prick . 
  hearts are playing well from back to middle , but once they get into the final third the ball is a bit like a hot potato !, 
  jon souttar has improved big time since he 's moved to hearts ( not that he was a bad player when he was at dundee united ) . 
  kt could have played the third pass before sinclair hit that shot and we 'd still love him for it . 
  one has to go school in the morning . 
  i once had an old crappy car that moved through the gears quicker bitton does . 
  is it just me or was rod stewart blazing off his tits during the draw ? 
  get the magic sponge on it and run it off . 
  what the fuck is this monstrosity ? 
  her, 
  this was my first time seeing the arctic monkeys and my first time at t in the park . 
  one of the best gigs , and weekends , of my life . 
  who celtic pumped, 
  suck, 
  it has a shitload of crappy dual carriage ways and dodgey roundabouts . 
  it 's a great time to be a tim . 
  i do n't think i need to point out the obvious but not replacing hemings and stewart has been criminal . 
  week off ?!, 
  he fucked off to san francisco for a few weeks , the lucky bastard . 
  what is the average price of a bog standard ticket for bm ? 
  he 's only a ` warrior ' until moussa dembele shows up . 
  surely that would come down to how he 's being coached then ... 
  nah mate , he 's just having a wee lie down . 
  surely though , it 's the coaching staffs responsibility to identify a players weaknesses , and work in training to improve on them ... is it not ? 
  that i agree with . 
  however the player in question is a professional . 
  and it 's a massive failure on the coaching staffs part that they have n't corrected this . 
  woosh . 
  i 've got to agree with you there lad , hearts were pretty gutless today . 
  it 's strange because they were always a bit of a threat under presley !, 
  not everyone is used to playing the way hibs have the last few seasons ... 
  i 'm not actually aware of many aberdeen fans who have complained about what he said . 
  what has happened to st pauli this season ?!, 
  how come they have regressed so much ? 
  wrong cunt . 
  the russians saved us . 
  they 're just trying to hide their sister shagging antics . 
  as a weegie , i fully expected a reply like this . 
  half your population is addicted to opioids ya prick . 
  friday - rag n bone man , london grammar , belle and sebastian , radiohead, 
  saturday - circa waves , the kooks , george ezra , catfish and the bottlemen , kasabian, 
  sunday - blossoms , twin atlantic , two door cinema club , the 1975 , biffy clyro, 
  still more to be announced . 
  in my humble opinion they 've pulled it out the bag this year .
