  we did n't like him when was with barca either , but did n't have a problem with them as a club . 
  looks like neymar jumped before there was any contact . 
  to win the thing or get out the group ? 
  either way whoever wrote it is smoking crack . 
  he ran on the pitch , and does n't really looks like he knows where he 's going or what he wants to do . 
  got as far as mbappe and took a fresh air swipe before running to the side and falling over . 
   do you think yous can beat anderlecht ? 
  anderlecht are realistically beatable and it 's obviously going to bet between us two for third . 
  but we ca n't play as openly as we did last night , that 's just asking for more trouble . 
  your whinging is getting on my goat now . 
  pack it in . 
  wo n't somebody please think of the children ? 
  precisely . 
  he got dogs abuse from the rest of the stadium for it , and from i was it looked like someone tried to throw a punch at him as the police lead him out . 
  your attempts at what you call baiting are fucking tragic . 
  neymar should listen to souness . 
  club1872 's statement make is firing into gear as we speak . 
  i buy myself tickets for gigs . 
  sometimes , if none of my mates or my dad ca n't make it i still go to the gig because why the hell not . 
  til, 
   but what about last year, 
  last year we had barcelona and manchester city in our group . 
  it 's not just celtic , but will dutch , belgian , swiss , danish and ( to a lesser extent ) portuguese teams be able to compete ? 
   making it into the group stage is a victory in itself, 
  this is what it is for us right now . 
  it 's shite , but it 's the way the game is right now . 
  what we are hoping for is a couple of results against anderlecht and a run in the europa after christmas . 
  being at the game the other night , i was more impressed with mbappe and rabiot to be honest . 
  maybe that 's because i was at the game and did n't have the benefit of replays and half-time/post-match analysis . 
  or maybe it 's because i do n't lie neymar . 
  but then he got booked . 
  he dived . 
  he 's a cunt . 
  get over it . 
  clearly a dive from neymar , do n't know what you 've been watching mate . 
  take my downvote cunt ... 
  happened right in front of me . 
  clearest dive ever ... 
  and gladbach too yes . 
  hardly an easy team either . 
  nah bro , not even close to what happened . 
  i do n't know if this place was a spati or not , but when i was in monchengladbach for the celtic game last season i left a pub at around 4am and went into this place and bought six bottles of beer for six euros . 
  i finished two on the walk back to my hotel before getting a little black out drunk . 
  funnily enough , i could n't find fosters anywhere in australia , not that i wanted to drink it anyway . 
  the aussies do however produce some other excellent beers . 
  fosters is definitely shite . 
  i 'm not sure the tories like it that way though . 
  dr dre 's dead , he 's locked in my basement . 
  angles as well for me . 
  arctic monkeys - suck it and see . 
   partick is an area in glasgows west end . 
  oddly enough though , partick thistle actually play in maryhill . 
  what if we just like wearing sunglasses ? 
  starbucks ? 
  pffft , you amateur !, 
  cheating bastard . 
  it 's not punishable for you to claim for something . 
  if the forward stops his move because you shouted then that 's not your problem . 
  my best mates mum died recently . 
  i 've been super close to this guy since we were like four or something and we 're in our twenties now and i still did n't know what to say the first time i seen him after she passed . 
  celtic are a great side . 
  comfortably better than bournemouth  . 
  i seen on the daily discussion thread for 20/9/2017 that he 's been accused of shagging one or two of the players and picking them based on that . 
   people who does n't come from the same city as their club is n't a supporter , only a fan . 
  there are various celtic supporters clubs from outside of glasgow who have season ticket holders who travel to most , if not all , home and away games . 
  for example , the coventry emerald csc . 
  based in coventry , england but travel to most celtic games . 
   went to shows all the time, 
  i love going gigs . 
  regardless of genre or size of the band , i love the live music experience . 
  it can also help me appreciate someone 's music more . 
  there once was a position in football called the ` half-back ' . 
  well according to my former sunday league team manager . 
  i still have no idea what position he was on about when he referred to it though . 
  being caught in a crush . 
  i 've been caught up in a crush in crowds at festivals over the last few years and it is one of the most terrifying experiences ever . 
  the feeling of being completely out of control of the situation coupled with the fact it feels like your rib cage is about to collapse in itself is not pleasant . 
  you have never tried irn bru then , 
  i see that pedro was saying that we 'll go out our way to wind up morelos . 
  i find that laughable . 
  why would any of our players feel the need to go out our way to wind up an opposition player ? 
  unless pedro is getting his excuses in for his mob kicking us off the park ... 
  i 'll make it four . 
  from what i 've seen of him , he 's not dirty . 
  he did have a little kick out at a thistle player the other night , but as far as i 'm aware thistle were out to leave the boot in on the rangers players , and it seemed more like he was fed up with the treatment he was getting and got a bit petulant . 
  i 'm not settling for five again . 
  i want at least seven ... 
  i recently drove from glasgow to inverness . 
  both on the way there and on the return journey i noticed that someone has taken the time to graffiti ` reseatch flat earth ' and ` the earth is flat ' and other weird statements relating to flat earth on the road signs and abandoned building . 
  these people are n't just on the internet . 
  same with nik naks . 
  i 'm hoping for at least 7 tomorrow . 
  i do n't want to see any mercy shown :p, 
  it was my dads birthday the other day and my mum is paying for him to go to germany in february with me and his mate to take in some football for the weekend . 
  he was like a kid at christmas when he found out he was going . 
  i was buzzing for him too , since he has n't had it easy the past years . 
  also met a girl in a club last weekend and we 've been texting ever since . 
  but she 's started to come across as quite needy and constantly looking for some sort of validation . 
  i 'm kind of starting to feel a bit uncomfortable with it . 
  god i ca n't remember any of the restaurants i ate in , but there 's a great dive bar in times square that i loved .
