  in all the games i 've seen him in so far , garner has n't impressed me at all . 
  kilmarnock was probably the first i 've seen you lot genuinely out class your opponents this season . 
  there 's decent players in there . 
  i just do n't think the warburton is getting the best out of them . 
  kind of similar to us with deila . 
  that was the main issue we had with deila . 
  he just refused to change the shape or tactics and it cost us in the europa league and in some of the cups . 
  yeah that seems to be how the rest of the league is shaping up . 
  stared growing my first ever beard for the first time in august . 
  the second week of growing was the worst week of my life . 
  i was constantly itching my face and neck . 
  going into the third week everything settled down and i have n't looked back since . 
  power through it . 
  you 'll get there . 
  i can only hazard a guess but is not because they 're only programmed to print tickets ? 
  they are n't programmed to give you live updates of where your train is . 
  it 's definitely a common term used by people today . 
  salford appears to be to manchester what easterhouse is to glasgow . 
  i found the best shape of toblerone when i was in geneva . 
  it was a flat triangle , with smaller triangles cut into the shape of the large triangle . 
  simply wonderful . 
  i 'm actually quite disappointed that this charade is over . 
  oh well , at least we still have the loaf 's implosion to keep us chuckling . 
  i partially blame that carrot that runs the pr department at rangers , jim traynor . 
  he 's a a rocket of the highest order . 
  that 's the case for any fine . 
  usually the clubs half arsed look into who done it and give them a ban anywhere between 3 games and a couple of years . 
  certainly that 's what happens at celtic . 
  although we usually just have the odd bit of pyro and a banner that someone does n't like . 
  these kind of shit papers love some click bait, 
  i had an australian player ( tom togic ) who was homesick . 
  left and signed for an american team . 
  as a scot , i 'll just get blind drunk to deal with the fallout . 
  scotland will qualify for this tournament now . 
  he 's not wrong though ... 
  mate we 've always been fucked . 
  what changes ? 
  in all honesty , do many people outside adidas really care ? 
  manchester , manchester !, 
  you like manchester ? 
  `` but your passport is all you really need as an eu national to prove you can work in the uk . '', 
  for now ... 
  i saw my team win , two of my favourite bands , i pulled and played in the same team as bobby petta . 
  i do n't have much to moan about . 
  rooney had a beer or two ... 
  fucking sack him . 
  get it up ye ya prick ... :p, 
  i can understand rodgers response but i ca n't understand why the guy is getting so much shit from elsewhere . 
  english is clearly his second language and he probably just wanted to have a bit of a laugh . 
  did n't seem like an entirely serious question . 
  tuchel is some sort of anti-craig levein !, 
  defensive play makes football shit . 
  we need more of this . 
  there 's two sides to this ... 
  obviously as fan of a club i 'd be pretty damn pissed off if one of my teams players was found to be doing this . 
  we all expect all players to commit everything to the cause . 
  on the other hand though people are n't really taking into consideration the physical toll so many games in such a short period of time will have on a players body . 
  it 's easy for us ( who are n't playing ) to sit and shout `` you 're getting paid a fortune for this , deal with it '' without really having to deal with the consequences of reality . 
  it 's more than two days a week . 
  it 's more like weekend -  midweek -  weekend . 
  it 's a completely different level of intensity and competitiveness than what eddie izzard done . 
  do you play much football ? 
  have you ever tried to play 3 games in the space of a week ? 
  going into the last 30 minutes of the last game most people are done in , if they even make it that far . 
  the human body has it 's limitations , even for well conditioned professional footballers . 
  sorry buddy , i should have been more specific that i was having a go at the other guy , and actually backing you up as well !, 
  i have to ask myself , when did he dive ? 
  ( i was at the game so in the heat of the moment may have missed it ), 
  i 'm surprised you have n't heard before now ? 
  get it up you , cunt . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i 've probably forgotten that . 
  t in the park is n't even in the central belt buddy ... 
  diouf is a cock . 
  we know how to behave ourselves , 
  hi , my names barry scott !, 
  even then , he just came and kicked someone , jumped into another and fell over once or twice ... 
  ( tbf he did nearly score a decent header , which was well cleared off the line ) . 
  rangers really are shite this season , but celtic and now hearts have shown everyone how to beat . 
  you need to go at them from the first whistle . 
  get in their faces , rough them up a little bit and press them high up the park . 
  do n't give them a moment to settle and they begin to look like rabbits caught in the headlights . 
  oh , and target the right back area as much as possible . 
  tavernier is n't a very good defender . 
  maybe derek mcinnes could learn something from robbie neilson tonight . 
  garage ... 
  there 's a young musician called declan welsh releasing an ep and playing a gig in stereo in the city centre on sunday evening . 
  tickets are # 8 . 
  if you like music ... and like supporting local talent . 
  i maybe should 've used the / s to show i was being sarcastic . 
  sorry buddy !, 
  the facilities at heriot-watt are actually top notch . 
  the grass pitches are wonderful to play on ... a lot better than the plastic shite that hibs have at their training ground . 
  i found this to be a great article , and i really did enjoy reading it . 
  my one gripe with it though is that it alludes to the practises at juventus being quite widespread amongst italian football , but does n't provide any evidence towards it . 
  it just focuses on juve . 
  hopefully there is more to come on this . 
  i got physically huckled out of a nightclub by three bouncers once because my ex-girlfriends dress ripped and she shouted at one of them . 
  i tried to defend her and ended up with three of them carrying me out and restrained against a bin . 
  i got rid of her soon after .
