  perhaps someone could enlighten me ? 
  how i miss big vic dominating up here . 
  the fifth instalment of celtic vs rangers this weekend . 
  really ca n't be bothered with the hype and all the shit that comes along with it . 
  it 'll be a tough game for celtic . 
  rangers supporters do n't want to see celtic win the treble and are pretty much demanding that their players beat us . 
  i really hope that our players and our support do n't turn up with a cocky , over-confident attitude . 
  the players should have the attitude of the upmost professionalism and determination to win and the support have to get right behind the team . 
  if they do this i think the result should take care of itself . 
  thankfully , after we play them again next saturday we have a few months of not having to listen to media hype surrounding it all up here . 
  i know a guy who started betting on the kazakhstani premier league during the summer once !, 
  the lunch meal deals are actually pretty good !, 
  are you in with the rangers fans ? 
  my current obsession is with all of mac demarco 's music right now . 
  in glasgow ? 
  or somewhere else ? 
  i should also add that m&s do some good take out dinners . 
  if you like duck , they an aromatic crispy duck with ho sin sauce which is quite nice . 
  well then there 's a good chance that you 'll glass rod stewart then  . 
  funny shitposting aside , there 's loads to do in terms of eating and drinking , both in the city centre and the west end . 
  one of my favourite areas is ashton lane in the west end , ( get the subway to hillhead and you 're pretty much there ) . 
  there 's quite a few bars , and innes and gunn have recently opened a pub there as well . 
  also up the main road in the west end ( byre 's road ) has a fair few pubs/restaurants that are pretty good . 
  also , the west end is the more expensive end of town . 
  heading into the city centre and if grittier , more fun bars/nightclubs are your thing , then sauciehall street is where you want to head . 
  one of my personal favourites is firewater , an indie bar . 
  the tunes are always banging and the drinks are pretty good too . 
  you also have bath street ( the next street down from sauciehall street ) where there is some slightly more upmarket bars and nightclubs , slouch being a pretty good music bar . 
  also in the city centre is bier halle on gordon street ( off buchanan street ) which has a great selection of beers and , in my opinion , the joint best pizza in glasgow . 
  hope this helps !, 
  ahh that 'll be why i have n't heard of it . 
  nice one , enjoy !, 
  not a problem man !, 
  what hotel are you staying in ? 
  one of the good things about bier halle is that the pizzas are a two for one deal so if there 's a few of you it kind of reduces the food bill !, 
  i went to see circa waves last month and there was a right knob in the mosh pits barging into people to deliberately knock them to the ground . 
  then he started barging into ordinary people ( younger girls included ) who were just standing . 
  why ca n't people have a few pints and chill out ? 
  came back from three weeks in australia to a new job and renewed desire to work abroad for a bit . 
  finding it strange getting accustomed to my new job . 
  i used to work as a mobile engineer and covered pretty much the whole of the west of scotland , which was a fairly big area to cover . 
  in my new job i 'm three sites , and spend most of my time in one . 
  i suppose i 'll get used to being mostly based in the one site in time . 
  thank you for this information . 
  i agree mate . 
  it does get boring after so many games !, 
  i remember that season , i think i got to five out of those seven games . 
  that was the very gig man . 
  serves the cunt right . 
  do n't get me wrong though , circa waves were brilliant and the tribute to the lapelles was a touch of class . 
  glad to hear they 've improved !, 
  have you heard the album released by the rest of the band and his family ? 
  some of the music on it is excellent and had gary not died i reckon they 'd have made it big time . 
  shit, 
  do n't kid yourself mate . 
  garner is pish . 
  that left back rangers played will be having nightmares about paddy roberts for years to come . 
  when you see it in the replay it 's a stonewall penalty, 
  i always thought the result of this game would be dependent on how celtic would play . 
  if they played like they did in 1-1 game last month then rangers would stand if chance of winning . 
  thankfully they did n't . 
  they came out to attack and dominate the play and it rendered rangers useless . 
  our midfield was utterly dominant . 
  scott brown looked like he 's never had an easier game in his life . 
  calum mcgregor was excellent and took his goal well . 
  rangers had absolutely nothing . 
  no creativity , no fight and no desire . 
  they 're definitely a weak minded team . 
  long may celtic 's dominance continue . 
  as you 're most likely well aware , the celtic fans will rip the piss out of you lot for this . 
  surely the union bears or somebody can come up with a few songs that are fairly positive and back the team ? 
  it 's a good time to be a timalloy . 
  nothing to moan about today . 
  in fact it 's been a great weekend for me . 
  over the last few seasons i 've seen on a few occasions dynamo kiev hooligans attacking travelling european fans . 
  i think ( do n't quote me on this ) that the rivalry goes back to the days of general franco and the political rivalry between madrid and catalonia . 
  barca/real fans , please feel free to correct me on this . 
  the most significant difference for me between kante and herrera is that one is on course for his second league title in a row and the other is not . 
  i 'm not quite at the stage you 're at yet , but i 've strained it quite a few times over the years . 
  most recently though i sprained it in a mosh pit at a gig haha . 
  what about looking into other avenues where you can still get some enjoyment from the sport , ie through coaching ? 
  there was rumours earlier in the season that patrick roberts might not be able to play in the scottish cup final with us should we have gotten there . 
  now that we have got there , i read something this morning that he could be at u20 euros ( or the world cup ) with england . 
  really hope he gets to play for us because that would be a rubbish way to end what has been a pretty successful loan spell with us !, 
  who needs gegenpressing when you have the #mediumblock ? 
  will it be rescinded out right or down graded to a yellow ? 
  if it 's down graded to a yellow is n't brown still suspended though ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
  this is the worst chant of all time . 
  closely followed by ` fire hazard ' chanted by some american fans when someone let off a flare . 
  go to jellybaby for the best night out of your life / s. 
  i would hate to see him going back down to you guys and disappearing . 
  i personally think that , given the right exposure to the first team , he has the potential to become a steady player for you guys . 
  he is a quality player , and far too good for scottish football . 
  but myself , and every other celtic fan has enjoyed his time up here . 
  he has produced some pretty great moments for us , especially last season when we were under deila and playing pretty poorly . 
  he was a real bright spark then . 
  if he can use his right foot more though , and improve his defensive work he 'll be a big player in the future for sure . 
  although it is n't being seriously talked about in the main stream yet , there 's certainly some form of appetite for the number of scottish leagues to be reduced but then number of teams in each league ( especially in the top flight ) increased . 
  i think in the case of dresden it was the bombings during wwii that flattened the city that people were mocking .
