  the two of them are also involved in other charity work around the city , and the uk ( i think ) . 
  and yet we were told that may was going to wipe the floor with corbyn in the snap election . 
   in nyc the fire department tests the alarm system every month and they inspect the required building sprinklers every year or two . 
  this would mean that the tories would have to back track on their austerity dogma and actually provide funds for the fire service to employ and train the staff to carry this out . 
  paddy roberts , paddy roberts and paddy roberts . 
   and his penalty against ajax in the group stages, 
  this came up as a question in the pub quiz last night . 
  this was the last goal a scottish player has scored in the cl group stages . 
  this does n't really contribute much to the debate , but i thought it was interesting . 
  yeah i 've been reading the same thing man . 
  it 's probably a very long shot that we 'd get him again him again , but a boy can dream !, 
  tony watt against barca ... and i think pearson got one either against benfica or copenhagen when strachan got us into the last 16 . 
  is n't he involved with salford city fc ? 
  have you learned your lesson ? 
  like me you probably wo n't lol . 
  i drank vodka red bull the first night i went to ibiza ( like four years ago now ) and i 've not been able to even look at it since . 
  it probably did n't help that in the highlander they were pouring it in a pint tumbler . 
  so recently when i 've listened to the last song on my playlist without the loop on , spotify then starts playing a list of music that 's quite clearly tailored to the style of music you mostly have on your playlist . 
  but fuck me is this an awesome feature . 
  i 've discovered songs and bands that i would n't have listened to otherwise and i 'm really enjoying it . 
  one of the bands i 've recently come across are called ` the magic gang ' . 
  they 're a young indie band and their music is fairly chilled out . 
  if anyone 's interested give them a listen . 
  also , tickets for wolf alice 's and lorde 's tour went on sale . 
  fucking # 37 for a standing ticket to see lorde in what is a fairly shitty venue . 
  decided just to get wolf alice tickets as they were only # 20 each and they 're playing in a far better venue . 
  ca n't get a beer again this weekend as i 'm still on call . 
  bloody nightmare . 
  to add to this , you know those girls who just seem to up sticks and fuck off to dubai and next thing you know they 're prancing around at arsehole infested pool parties ... how the fuck does that even happen ? 
  the way it works out i 'll be going to see wolf alice , the wolfe tones and mac demarco three weekends in a row !, 
  on another note , i thought the wolfe tones were retiring a few years ago but they seem to be playing every other month in the barras haha . 
  yes that is the lesson . 
  it 's never your fault !, 
  is n't that par for the course when you 're fourteen and going to your first gig though ? 
  mad !, 
  i 'll definitely need to see them before they re-retire . 
  i 'll always remember how he thought he was a hard man , up until he met big sviatchenko . 
  i can just imagine neil lennon 's reaction to one of his players being sold to you lot haha !, 
  found the bitter little englander !, 
  also everyone keeps posting comments about it on the daily discussions ... there should be a mega thread where all discussion regarding it can be put . 
  it 'll go away in a few days . 
  keep stretching every so often . 
  basically , the nature of the football ( and most contact sports ) means that players can get injured even when no foul has been committed . 
  if it is not a head injury then there is n't really an obligation to stop the game , however it is considered good sportsmanship to do so . 
  some situations though , ie a goal scoring opportunity , players are likely to be too focussed on having a shot at goal to notice the injured player and continue playing . 
  the referee will likely stop the game immediately in the case of a head injury , as they can generally have a worse long term impact on a person the longer they are left untreated . 
  henrik larsson when he was at celtic . 
  ronaldhino when barcelona played at celtic back in 2008 . 
  that guy was just sublime that game . 
  xavi , iniesta , messi , neymar are all up there too for obvious reasons . 
  i 'm not gon na bite ... 
  that 's fuckin heatwave material up here !, 
  i vowed last week i would n't go to a nightclub sober again . 
  low and behold i end up doing the same on saturday . 
  dealing with your drunk mates when you 're sober is just about bearable . 
  dealing with random drunk arseholes when you 're sober is a pain in the arse . 
  especially really intense ones who do n't understand the concept of personal space . 
  if linfield beat la fiorita they 'll play us with one of the legs being scheduled for the 12th of july . 
  hahahaha fuck that 's going to be fun . 
  looks like i 'll miss both games though as i 'll be in spain for benicassim . 
  for those not aware , linfield draw their support from the loyalist community in belfast and have some sort of affiliation to rangers . 
  it would be hilarious if the red imps drew rangers and beat them in one leg ( preferably both ) after all the bullshit we 've had to listen to this year . 
  sepp blatter is not correct . 
  it 's the default setting for me . 
  living all my life in the cold , wet northern european climate it 's what i 'm used to . 
  when it get 's too warm here , it gets uncomfortably warm . 
  probably because our homes and buildings are designed to cope more with the cold rather than the heat . 
  after a few days/weeks of warm weather i long for a day of rain , just to cool everything down and make life ( especially sleeping ) bearable again . 
  where i 'm from , a couple of local guys opened up an american style burger joint . 
  to be fair to the guys the burgers are actually really good quality . 
  my car never had the sticker on it thankfully . 
  it would seriously affect the aesthetic look of my car . 
  ok , jokes over tam . 
  stop showing everyone how good you are !, 
  we want to keep you for a while . 
  it was so unkind of milan to offer an 18 year old 80,000 euros a week . 
  that is a pittance !, 
  i would say that i only go out my way to fully watch celtic games , or a particular champions league game . 
  anything else is just half arsed or background noise . 
  you seem like loads of a fun at a party . 
  that adam lallana is shite and everyone who enjoys watching him play is a cunt . 
  copa90 is a great . 
  they do a lot of fan orientated short documentaries , but always seem to have some good interviews with players as well . 
  pretty much every off-licence in the west of scotland . 
  and around # 7 or # 8 a bottle . 
  i think the system is changing as of next season . 
  rather than a teams place being based off the national co-efficient it 'll then be based on the teams individual co-efficient . 
  i think this is more advantageous to celtic when it comes to qualifying . 
  not sure if that 's entirely true though , so if someone can correct me , please feel free to do so . 
  that went from one extreme to the other in one sentence . 
  a mate of mines mum was particularly over bearing a few years ago when we went on holiday ( vacation ) . 
  we were nineteen at the time and were in ibiza for ten days . 
  turns out this guys mum was taking his wages off him and drip feeding him a limited amount whenever he would want to buy something or go for a drink . 
  so we all had our money split between cash and a debit card type thing we got from the travel company to keep the rest of our euros on . 
  after a few days my mate has spent all his cash and has to go to an atm to lift some money . 
  no money on his card . 
  he spent the next two hours on the phone home to ask his mum to transfer more money onto his card . 
  she eventually agrees but then does n't transfer the money for two days . 
  he had to borrow money from the rest of us so we could all go out and party the next two nights . 
  it was pretty shitty for my mate to have to go through all that with his mates sitting there waiting on him .
