  perhaps what i 've read is bullshit though and this is actually a desso pitch . 
  hehehehe, 
  to be fair to van dijk he 's not the type of player to down tools if there is speculation . 
  he 'll still give you everything he can until it 's officially announced he 's moving on . 
  here 's a list of some of favourite places in the city that i 'd recommend to anyone :, 
  caf\u00e9 gandolfi on albion street at the merchant city . 
  most ingredients are sourced from scotland and it has some of the best cullen skink i 've tasted . 
  they also do stornoway black pudding with pancakes , which you may find as odd combination , but works incredibly well !, 
  the steak and blue cheese is also a favourite of mine here . 
  they also have a place called gondolfi fish a few doors along from the main restaurant which is mainly fish , if that 's what you 're into . 
  stravaigin on gibson street is also good . 
  they have a ` caf\u00e9 bar ' which you can walk in on the night and take a chance on a table or you can book for the restaurant down the stairs . 
  they do a selection of global cuisine but try to add a scottish twist to it , not overpowering , but enough to make it slightly different from anywhere else . 
  they do an incredible fish curry , but it 's a special and it 's not always on . 
  if it is on the menu i 'd definitely recommend it . 
  the burger here is also great . 
  the lychee oriental on mitchell lane , city centre . 
  do n't be put off by the strippers along the lane from here . 
  this is my joint favourite chinese in the city . 
  they serve an excellent range of chinese/asian food . 
  the seafood ( yes i like seafood ) is always cooked to perfection and the sizzling dishes are some of my favourite . 
  the owner is also very friendly and regularly working the floor or the bar . 
  la boca on hope street , city centre . 
  my favourite spanish tapas restaurant in the city . 
  they serve a wide selection of tapas ( meat , fish , veggie and salad ) all very tasty and served as soon as they are prepared . 
  they also serve an excellent pint of estrella galicia . 
  it 's a small restaurant so i 'd recommend booking a table as it gets full very quickly . 
  it 's also right across the road from the pot still pub which , if you like whiskey , sells a massive range of different whiskeys . 
  also , u/crayonized mentioned two others , paesano 's and the battlefield rest . 
  paesano 's has my joint favourite pizza ever and they have two places , one on miller street and the recently opened great western road . 
  and the battlefield rest is my favourite italian . 
  it 's on battlefield road in the south side of the city so a little awkward to get to , but definitely worth the trip . 
  i hope this helps and happy eating !, 
  went in there recently for the first time and they were playing 70 's disco . 
  i still do this when i 'm in town and i 've grew up here . 
  shit , you 're right !, 
  got mixed up . 
  thanks for that . 
  meh , nothing to worry me . 
  they have none :p, 
  as u/magicmangreg said his contract was up . 
  all aberdeen can do is offer him a new ( likely improved ) contract . 
  he 's under no obligation to take the new contract if he does n't want to , or if he is getting a better offer elsewhere . 
   getting rangers back to where they belong which is number one . 
   does scott brown go home crying after a game or does he put in a shift to give a giruy to them ? 
  i 've never actually understood the hatred scott brown receives . 
  seems quite irrational . 
  hahahahahaha oh you :p, 
  never witnessed any sort of off the ball antics like that :o, 
  is it not because your lot thought he was signing for rangers , then announced he was signing for us all along ? 
  ajax fans , what is your opinion of viktor fischer ? 
  do you think he 'd be a good addition to the celtic squad ? 
  retain my pride and soul and walk away . 
  i 'd take my money and contribute it to a lower league club , or , if there was some kind of supporter initiative similar to what the austria salzburg fans did , i 'd contribute to that . 
  the chocolate box ... one of the stadiums i long to visit . 
  it would be even better if it was named after the band . 
  remember when they nearly won the scottish cup ? 
  he 's one of the most insufferable football pundits ever . 
  i 've just had a lunch in a bar just outside the city centre of glasgow and it was delightful . 
  i 'm gutted i have the car at work with me or else i 'd have tried some of the hipster beers that they offer !, 
  the most civil political interaction i 've ever seen . 
  yes indeedy . 
  voting labour up here is now a protest vote . 
  i 've had an awesome wave on repeat for about two weeks now . 
  the whole situation ( from what i 've read on here ) seems like a bit of a shitshow . 
  kind of sad as well . 
  i went to see 1860 playing nurenberg last year and had a great time . 
  had a slight soft spot for them since then . 
  they can drive that price up as high as they want lol . 
  these kind of nights turn into the best kind of nights . 
  r/scotland is slowly but surely going that way too . 
  perhaps it 's just general election fever , but fuck me , it 's annoying right now . 
  nobodies said glass him yet ... what 's happening to this place ? 
  i feel you man , the hangovers are starting to hit me hard too these days !, 
  we do n't even have efe ambrose anymore that we could send in his place :(, 
  hahaha every day sighting for us . 
  not necessarily . 
  when i started my apprenticeship there were quite a number of people who started with me between the ages of 21 and 30 . 
  there were also one or two that were older than 35 who were starting . 
  generally though , smaller companies do tend to hire younger people as apprentices . 
  but there is nothing in the law that prevents you from completing an apprenticeship if you 're older than 21 . 
  sensationalism . 
  i would n't put it past the sun to come up some sort of hillsboroughesque bullshit like `` the emirates stadium is a hotbed of jihadi recruitment '' . 
  i would n't say it 's cursed as such , but the number 7 at celtic is pretty much a no go due to henrik larsson . 
  in saying that , nadir ciftci took it when he signed , but he 's shite . 
  i 'm sure i read somewhere that hearts are thinking of giving both of us the whole roseburn stand next season . 
  pretty much every home game possible , barring 1 0r 2 because of family or work commitments . 
  away games for me are slightly more difficult . 
  i could n't afford to go to every away game in previous seasons and could n't build up any points on the away ticketing scheme . 
  this meant that away tickets were notoriously difficult to come by last season , due to brendan rodgers being at the club . 
  i did get to the monchengladbach and man city away games mind you . 
  had to get tickets in the home end though as again , not enough points on the away ticket scheme . 
  i did n't know it was possible to create a beer that tastes worse than budweiser . 
  for domestic games it 's a case of if you buy a ticket for an away game it registers against your season ticket . 
  some clubs have bigger stands so give us bigger allocations and tickets are sometimes easier to get . 
  for the games against the clubs who offer smaller allocations ( aberdeen and hearts ) it 's a case of the more away games you 've attended previously , the more likely you are to be offered a ticket . 
  it 's similar for european away games . 
  the more you attend , the more chance you have of getting a ticket , particularly when we 're visiting clubs with smaller allocations , like monchengladbach last year . 
  the club do offer a package trip which usually includes all transport costs and a match ticket . 
  this is a guaranteed way of getting a ticket , but is usually more expensive than booking the trip yourself .
