  around 10/15 wannabe 's of ours found out the shop he was hiding in and went for a scrap . 
  he locked himself in the shop , one of ours got sparked out by a baseball bat then tommy came out acting the hard man around the guy who was on the deck . 
  seen another video outside a pub in what looks like the town centre , but it seems like a massive rabble of both celtic and sunderland fans so fuck knows what happened there . 
  who ? 
  be afraid for wednesday, 
  i 'd compare them more to airdrie than alloa . 
  i 've seen the clip , yet to see any women a children . 
  the statement maker 5000 is churning something out as we speak !, 
  our season starts on friday and we have one striker out with a hamstring injury and another that 's had a recurring calf injury for the best part of the last year now . 
  it 's quite annoying that we are n't trying to get another striker in and are n't trying out our yah player jack aitchison in this situation to see how he gets on . 
  first game of the season is against hearts at home . 
  hearts have been absolutely wank under ian cathro and were eliminated from the league cup yesterday by dunfermilne . 
  if we get a good result against rosenborg on wednesday then we should build on the confidence and stick a few past hearts next week . 
  but they 're a strange team , and sometimes turn up and make life a little difficult for us . 
  i was also hoping to go out and have a few beers during the rosenborg game on wednesday ... then i remembered i 'm doing a night shift after the game . 
  fuck this . 
  then locking himself in a shop and acting the hard man when the police turn up . 
  in glasgow we had the ice cream wars in the 80 's . 
  basically the gangsters were punting drugs and stolen items from their ice cream vans and could get rather violent when they wanted new territory , or if someone crossed into their territory . 
  they still burning witches there ? 
  they 'll upvote anything over there !, 
  this is such a bizarre coincidence but i 'm relatively close to a girl who has recently started punting ` forever living ' products . 
  she 's a nice person and all , but the pre-written facebook posts and product spam on all her social media accounts are annoying as fuck . 
  she also tried to insist that it 's `` not a pyramid scheme '' but i was rather sceptical . 
  * edit - had a dig back through my recent texts from her she described herself as `` a business coach helping people earn money around their full time commitments by recommending products under the forever living umberella '' she got into it by seeing a video of a manager in the business showing off her ` bonus cheques ' and her ` aston martin ' . 
  apparently her neighbour down the street was involved and took her under her wing . 
  now that i read it back that 's definitely a pyramid scheme . 
  this is definitely up there . 
  we drink ... a lot . 
  i went for a curry with the family last night and over ate big time . 
  paid for a few hours later . 
  fortunately i do n't do it all that often . 
  yeah !, 
  my dad was a teenager during the 80 's in glasgow and said they could be pretty dangerous times . 
  we drink so much that our life expectancy is considerably lower than then the rest of the nations in our union . 
  perhaps him and his new club are a perfect match then . 
  well , cup finals are played to determine the winner of the cup . 
  the winning team receives the gold medals and losing team receives silver medals . 
  this is the case across various sports . 
  how would it be determined who gets what colour of medal if the outcome of the game has n't been reached yet ? 
  or are you suggesting a ` participation ' medal ? 
  god that stuff is disgusting . 
  yeah he signed for them before the confed cup . 
  by all accounts he 's an improvement on the shite they had last season . 
  i think he was playing in italy before he signed for them . 
  `` hello mr no name ,, 
  here 's our latest offer '' ... 
  rinse and repeat, 
  if a tory tells you that a public service is working well and efficiently , take it with a pinch of salt . 
  hell i would have to look out the window if they told me it was raining outside . 
  the food is better tasting than that of mcdonalds and burger king goes , but it 's so damn expensive . 
  i 've had this discussion with someone on an askreddit thread a few weeks ago and i think i remember someone telling me that they deliberately over-roast their coffee beans . 
  in the uk , wagamama . 
  i 've had a heated discussion with a mate about this place ( he swears by it ) . 
  it smells so nice and yet when you actually eat it , it 's so god damn bland and tasteless . 
  particularly their ramen . 
  there is a pop up ramen joint in glasgow that was like a million times better , and significantly cheaper . 
  also , the city centre wagamama in glasgow is right next door to a much , much better japanese restaurant . 
  three of which ( i think ) are part time . 
  ` levein ' and ` good job ' do n't usually go together in the same sentence . 
  and still get beaten . 
  the hibby in my work is n't happy at this announcement . 
  get me a blue french horn and i may keep you . 
  be careful or they 'll be going to the farm to live with your aunt and her special friend . 
   i think religious schools should be outright banned , but that 's only my opinion . 
  a significant number of the rc community in the west of scotland feel differently . 
  but those feelings predate the troubles of the late 1900 's . 
  linda sounds like an ass . 
  in times of massive austerity cuts , you 'd think police scotland would focus their efforts more on things like organised crime , drugs/human trafficking , sexual assault , murder etc. 
  you know , real crimes . 
  rather than guys who held up a banner and sang some songs ... 
  as a celtic fan , the epl can fuck off . 
  it 's gotten worse recently . 
   obaf act, 
  was talking to a recently qualified lawyer i went to school with last night about this . 
  she was saying the obaf was n't covered in the course content at uofg and that most people in the profession think it 's a joke of a law . 
  she also there 's plans in place to have it repealed . 
  late to the party , but i ca n't wait for the day i can do less . 
  my sibling admitted that people saying this drives him crazy . 
  needless to say , when i 'm winding him up i always say this . 
  it would n't be a crucial away match in europe for us without a disaster of a start to the game and us conceding an early goal to have us shitting it the rest of the game . 
  at least tonight we have a recognised striker available , even if he does n't start . 
  why 've you changed your flair man ? 
  ( not trying to be a dick , just curious ), 
  good to see from the club . 
  no need for this sort arsehole behaviour . 
  they only show from the play-off qualifying games onwards . 
  outside of celtic i doubt there 's much money to be made in showing the rest of the qualifying games . 
  you were good while you lasted eric . 
  kt is a national treasure . 
  rosenborg were n't very good over the two legs . 
  leigh griffiths was very much needed . 
  european football ( and at least one away trip for me ) guaranteed until christmas . 
  new balance can pull off a football kit . 
  im sure this old news . 
  it 's a good thing i read none of those . 
  i actively avoid clicking their links and anyone who shares too much of their stuff ( particularly the daily mail and the sun ) on facebook are swiftly unfollowed . 
  ` fuck you , cunt ', 
  i think it might be something to do with the ( reported ) # 24.6 / 8 million after tax salary . 
   coatbridge is some place,
