  i 've also seen dougie freedman 's name mentioned in the running for the hearts job . 
  serious question , would any of these fairly established managers want to work under that bampot craig levein ? 
  the rumours have ramped up in the last few hours and there seems to be a collective hyperventilation from celtic fans going on at the moment . 
  if we get him , the party 's at mine . 
  & nbsp ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qget1zhpb8 - this is how we are doing at the moment . 
   he 's quick enough to keep up with any forward, 
  he has these crazy giant strides where he does n't look like he 's running very fast , but he can cover a distance so easily and effortlessly . 
  this the one major thing that puts me off going to the us for work . 
  i enjoy relative job security and the fact that my employer ca n't just turn up one day and sack me `` cuz reasons '' . 
  or scotland . 
  not edinburgh though . 
  the prices there are like londons . 
  i would say for them to pull out and over take me . 
  i work contractual on-call one week a month . 
  i pick up any other overtime work when i can during that week to help out . 
  i mean i 'm already restricted to what i can do with my free time anyway so i may as well . 
  & nbsp ; the rest of the month , nah fuck off . 
  i 've given my time enough already . 
  my time away from work the rest of the month is when i get go and enjoy life . 
  kouassi stretchered down the tunnel after he made what looked like a great tackle . 
  kieran tierney can do no wrong . 
  as soon as that left his boot i knew it was going there . 
  what an absolute worldly . 
   perhaps he enjoys being at chelsea and aims to win trophies with them, 
  shhhhh , do n't tell people that a player can enjoy himself playing for a single club !, 
  await for a management position to open up in your work and apply for it . 
  make sure you ace the interview though . 
  currently on a conference call . 
  trying my best not to burst into a hysterical laughing fit . 
  thanks . 
   you can drive from lax to tijuana in less than 3 hours according to google maps . 
  google maps said it would take me six hours on a train from alicante to castellon de la plana . 
  it took 2 hours and 40 minutes . 
  my brother does this to me . 
  i 'll be driving somewhere , or sitting on the couch and he 'll take a picture of me when he 's snapchatting his friends . 
  it 's fucking infuriating and i feel like a pure man-child when i get pissed off with him and my mum get 's involved . 
  the other problem is he 's 8 years my junior so i ca n't quite punch him in the face yet as a means to get him to stop . 
  varying reports of this on the forums . 
  one post is saying it happened after an altercation in the kerrydale bar ( a bar within the stadium , only open to ticket holders before and after the game but not part of hospitality ) . 
  another one saying that it happened in club celtic ( part of the hospitality ) and was a planned attack over the slashers sister . 
  i guess it 's all just speculation unless the police release a statement detailing what happened . 
  i hope whoever done this gets done for ... that is provided police scotland are n't chasing folk for banners and songs . 
  a completely disgusting act that has no place anywhere let alone a football stadium . 
  the best was the dejection on his voice as armstrong scored the fifth at celtic park last season . 
  he seems to score some absolute crackers , but miss the easier chances . 
  still a decent player mind you . 
  snap . 
   mad dog 20/20 strawberry-kiwi, 
  i mixed this in the same glass with one night before going to a club . 
  safe to say that even now , i ca n't recall much of what happened that evening . 
  i was in australia earlier in the year and i loved the coopers original ale . 
  my beer preference changes all the time , but i 'm really into the beavertown gamma ray ipa . 
  i also love a sierra nevada ipa too . 
  vodka and fanta lemon is the best vodka and mixer ever . 
  my favourite whiskey is johnnie walker gold label . 
  mojitos , white russians and cosmos are my favourite cocktails . 
  i call them ` wakey wakey lines ' . 
  you 're gon na be the one that saves me . 
  `` did you ever hear the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise ? '', 
  never having to attend school . 
  what utopia are you from ? 
   kcco, 
  what is this ? 
   sometimes i wonder why i even bother reading facebook comments . 
  sometimes i wonder why i even use facebook . 
  glasgow ... a place where if you 're not kicking burning terrorists in the balls or chasing off robbers with mops , you 're doing it wrong . 
  vic wanyama , is that you ? 
   i live in rural ireland . 
  if everyone cycled everywhere nothing would get done . 
  does anything get done in rural ireland ?!, 
  the movies have led me to believe you 're all drunkards who produce some fine folk music . 
   i pay my taxes happily , because i like living in a country with roads and bridges and schools and hospitals . 
  i pay mine because i like my free at the point use health care and free prescriptions . 
  people who post multiple , very detailed stories of what their infant child got up to today on facebook . 
  no one apart from your close friends and family needs that much detail about your child . 
  in fact , the rest of us do n't need any information of your child at all . 
  ahhh , thanks very much for that . 
  never a penalty in a month of sunday 's . 
  a lot of people were doubting if he could make the step up when he signed for hibs , but so far he seems to be doing pretty well !, 
  dunno if it 's the angle of the camera but the red looks pretty soft . 
  i see that tavernier has improved his defensive capabilities ... 
  genuinely seen worse in my sunday league !, 
  is that the boy you signed from juventus ? 
  why are rangers fans wanting neil lennon reported to the police ? 
  this tinpot mob with their embarrassing statements , a petition to end ` anti-rangers bias ' amongst referees and greeting on their forums that they want lennon reported to the police . 
  it used to be comical , but now it 's just sad . 
  no wonder nobody takes them seriously . 
  i wonder where their statements were when lennon was receiving death threats and bullets in the post . 
  i wonder how much abuse lennon took from the stands yesterday ? 
  then they run away crying like a bunch of primary school weans cause ` big bad neil made a gesture at us ' . 
  fucking embarrassing . 
  they 've turned into a right hysterical bunch recently . 
  no idea what that 's about though . 
  perhaps this is the product of the combined brain power of rangers media and followfollow ... 
  rangers fans are honestly turning into the worst bunch of hysterical panty wetters . 
  it 's ducking embarrassing . 
  i wonder how much abuse lennon would 've taken from the stands yesterday , seeing as some of their supporters have this weird , twisted and unnatural hate for the man . 
  do n't you dare !, 
  haggis is a good of the gods !, 
  i 'll take five cappuccinos .
