  i 'm glad there 's few of them left . 
  is n't it more the state doing what it can to give the expectant parents a hand rather than ` getting them hooked on the tit of welfare ' ? 
  if he even showed up at all , then i would n't be surprised if this were to happen . 
  so that 's how you cut potatoes ? 
  scottish, 
  you are aware that dundee united were called dundee hibernian , before changing there name to united . 
  i actually remember hearts announcing they were doing so . 
  no so much rangers though . 
  did wolfsburg not value him ? 
  his goals seemed rather important to their relative success the last few seasons . 
  bt sport in the uk done the done the same . 
  something tells me it 's not actually either of these companies cameras . 
  marc bartra has been phenomenal so far . 
  i 've never actually seen bartra look so aggressive in the tackle , but he has genuinely phenomenal tonight . 
  weigl as well , but i 've paid a lot of attention to him since his move from tsv 1860 . 
  fairly disappointed by the level of performance from celtic tonight . 
  after the level that we put in against manchester city , you 'd have thought we would play to that standard again . 
  but you have to give bmg their due , they were compact in defence and incredibly incisive in attack . 
  they played the game perfectly . 
  our attacking players did n't know what to do with such a lack of space in bmg 's half . 
  one thing i did notice ... elvedi and vestegaard played dembele like two proper old school central defenders would . 
  every time the ball was played to dembele to niggling/pushing/having a little go at him to put him off . 
  and dembele did n't quite have the experience to either stand his ground or play for the foul . 
  also , fair play to the bmg fans , they sang non-stop through out the game and their pyro show was the first i 've ever seen in person . 
  a great set of fans , and i 'm looking forward to my trip over there ( even if we are going to get beat again ) . 
  i glanced at this and thought it said ` meth lab ', 
  is there only one episode a week being released or have they released all the episodes ? 
  vodka , md 20/20 and whisky . 
  yes , they have changed the format of the scottish league cup this season . 
  all of the teams except celtic , aberdeen , hearts and hibs ( due to european qualifiers ) played in a group stage before the league season started . 
  the top two teams ( or was it only the top ? ), 
  from each group then progressed into the knock out rounds where celtic , aberdeen , hearts and hibs then entered the competition . 
  i believe the final will be held before the end of november . 
  it 's something the authorities have done to try and revitalise the cup competition . 
  plus , i think that it got a better sponsorship deal from bt sport as a lot of the games were shown on there . 
  tbh the game lacked any real quality . 
  however fair play to aberdeen . 
  we look forward to beating you in the final ( providing we get there ) . 
  also to any morton fans , how has nesbitt been getting on this season . 
  i 've been hoping he gets a run out in first team , but that 's two seasons now he 's been farmed out on loan . 
  not many if the uk 's newspapers are trustworthy . 
  if they were to tell me it was raining outside , i 'd have to check myself to see if what they were saying was true . 
  so you propose that we stay with the status quo and get an even smaller slice of the cl pie ? 
  from my experience , the ultras groups tend not wear the clubs official merch , however they will wear their own group merch or even just clothes with theirs clubs colours on it . 
  gives off the same effect and probably a lot cheaper . 
  from what i 've read on a few of the forums , the adults the 11 year old was with decided it was a good idea to walk by the montford pub ( at the celtic end of hampden ) trying to goad celtic fans . 
  one idiot reacted and threw a bottle into the crowd . 
  if true , it 's not very intelligent from either the person who threw the bottle or the people who decided to walk through ` enemy territory ' after the game . 
  he might be from ayrshire . 
  i personally prefer jozo 's pass to griff . 
  even then , they have n't really done much against the better teams in the spfl . 
  erm , we got into a cup final ? 
  it 's the fucking sun , what do you expect ? 
  when has the current generation ever seriously protested ? 
  what has happened to st pauli this season ? 
  i wonder how his garden will look come summer ... 
  commenting as i 'm an aspiring coach in a poor scottish coaching system and would like to keep up with people 's opinions here . 
  he played every game up until the celtic - rangers game . 
  it was after the celtic - rangers game that the background stuff occurred . 
   and england as a whole seems slightly more xenophobic and unwilling to learn a new language to travel . 
  i would n't say that it 's because they 're xenophobic . 
  most working class kids from the uk go on holiday to resorts where the locals speak english . 
  also , in terms of business a lot of the world does it 's business using the english language . 
  the state education system here , has as a result , become very complacent in this regard , and often spanish/french are taught too late in a kids development and only a few go on to study it seriously . 
  some nice play so far from celtic . 
  that 's not the first time he 's done that, 
  it looks like county are missing jackson irvine a little bit . 
  i thought he was excellent last season . 
  i did n't know they did either , until friday last . 
  found a little shop in the south side of glasgow that sold bottles of paulaner . 
  they also sold bottles of augustiner brau ( munich ) and kolsch ( cologne ) . 
  i was in heaven . 
  take a trip to your local subway buddy . 
  you can get hal and peenyos on any sub you want . 
  sky 's punditry is of terrible quality . 
  the quality of the pl is n't actually that great either . 
  ` super sunday ' is n't very super more often than not . 
  was n't that because the alleged corruption was done in dollars ? 
  without hooliganism what would get all uppity about ? 
  completed it already . 
  i went to a quiz night once when i had ran out of data and the pub did n't have wifi . 
  we failed spectacularly , but fun was had by all . 
  have you ever had an audi pull out behind you at night ? 
  damn i 'm still dazzled and it happens on monday night . 
  to be honest , i hope he does n't . 
  he has struggled the last few seasons with injuries and celtic have a pretty hectic fixture list between now and new years . 
  we kind of need him in our midfield at the moment . 
  what 's wrong with a good ol' glassing ? 
  that looks like someone has stuck a few coatings old paint on a bit of bread !, 
  in scotland we say ` yous ' if we are talking to/about more than one person . 
  i was in the pub last friday , and this girl started talking to me . 
  i never told her my name , but yesterday she added me on facebook . 
  not even two minutes after accepting she messaged me . 
  i feel a little weirded out by this . 
  same thing happened to me ( we were only together for 3 year though and it turns out she left for another guy ) , as a few other posters have said on here , you 'll always have the football to get you through . 
  going to see celtic has helped me a lot . 
  plus i have great and extremely tolerable mates , who 've put up with me in my seriously inebriated states over the last few months . 
  i know the feeling . 
  glasgow has the same sort of historic reputation . 
  a few weeks ago i was at a flat party in edinburgh and a girl asked if she would get stabbed in glasgow because she 's english .
