  what ye on about ?!, 
  it 's a lovely place !, 
  i 'm kind of torn on this , i 'd love it if they made another series of the inbetweeners , but at the same time they finished on such a great level i would n't want to see it ruined . 
  should we get there , i 'd take anybody from pot 2 except barcelona . 
  we 've played them enough over the last few years , give us someone new . 
  for me personally the dream group would include one of the following combinations :, 
  if we 're drawn in pot 4 :, 
  real , bvb , roma , celtic or bayern , atletico/sevilla , napoli , celtic . 
  if we 're drawn in pot 3 , swap roma for feyenoord and napoli for sporting cp . 
  this is the king of all post-bevy scrans . 
  guinness shits are a whole other level . 
   also , 11 years ago this week i had a series of tia 's ( mini-strokes ), 
  my dad had one of these two years ago . 
  tried to pass it off as the flu . 
  decided to go to the hospital in time and he 's kind of lucky he went when he did . 
  thankfully though he 's alright there 's been no major consequences and he 's on a shitload of meds . 
  i still get to enjoy the occasional beer with him . 
  any of the villages in ayrshire , scotland . 
  he had a bit of a howler against falkirk in the play offs at tannadice . 
  aye you can argue the free kick was well hit but it was right down the middle and comfortable height and he still managed to flap at it and concede . 
  was stuff like this a regular occurrence when he was with dundee united ? 
   8 million that 's basically rangers whole ~ ~ transfer ~ ~ operating budget . 
  he has an alright set of elbows on him ... 
  i think , especially in bigger and busier cities than london they are slightly more convenient than a bike for getting around in and getting on and off trains . 
  god i hated that beer . 
  i was a bar one night and some drunk guy claimed it was the best beer ever produced in the us . 
  it was worse than budweiser . 
   spits in the toilet after a pee, 
  i do this all the time !, 
  had them last year . 
  they were by no means amazing , but still made the tie difficult for us . 
  we 've definitely improved however . 
  the advantage right now is having the home leg first . 
  hope leigh griffiths can stay fit and perhaps we can take a few goals of a lead over there . 
  & nbsp ; here 's hoping anyway, 
  it 's a habit for me . 
  i know of a lot of guys who do it as well . 
  tough draw for us against a team who were well organised , but by no means amazing last year . 
  not sure how much astana have improved/progressed since the last time we played , but we 're definitely in a better position than we were last august . 
  hopefully griffiths can stay fit and we can take a goal or two advantage over there to defend . 
  think he means the rosenborg games . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  touch and finish any 63 year old wannabe dictator would be proud of . 
  24hour tesco !, 
  buying gig tickets for popular bands/musicians through ticketmaster is an absolute shambles . 
  tried to get tickets for liam fray in glasgow at 9 o'clock this morning and when the page refreshed at exactly 9 o'clock , tickets were instantly sold out . 
  to then make matters worse , ticketmaster started advertising the same tickets on their touting website ` getmein ' for treble the price of the original tickets . 
  seriously , fuck ticketmaster . 
  and fuck ticket touts . 
  and still shite . 
  nah he 's just not very good, 
  she left towards the end of last season if i remember . 
  never said why though . 
  with the innovator of the 4-6-0 formation is pulling the strings from above then you 're not going to stand much of chance . 
  the brigton billy boys were a glasgow razor gang in the 1920 's who were notorious for attacking catholics in the city and clashing with other razor gangs . 
  their leader billy fullerton was also , at some point , a member of the british union of fascists . 
  the song ` the billy boys ' is a song which in effect glorifies this gang and their actions . 
  it 's mostly sang by rangers fans but hearts fans have been known to sing it from time to time whenever they play celtic . 
  not sure why hearts fans sing it though . 
  but levein and his notes will linger on . 
  we 're not playing them there until december . 
  think the stand is supposed to be finished by that point but at this rate , you never know . 
  sky 's post match analysis lasted longer than five minutes . 
  oft . 
  thank fuck those insufferable pricks neil mccann and david tanner are away . 
  the guy with the red board in the first five seconds of this vid gets rekt . 
  there 's a tory politician in the uk who wants to import chlorinated chicken from america . 
  i think the only thing stopping this just now is eu regulation . 
  just watched the highlights on sportscene , aberdeen looked to control the game and hamilton looked like they wanted to kick christie and wright every time they touched the ball . 
  on the basis of the highlights it was a well deserved victory for aberdeen . 
  i 'd love to say it was n't a penalty and have a go at madden but he was spot on . 
  moult was caught wrong side and elbowed the guy in the head . 
  it 's a foul anywhere else on the pitch and a potential red card . 
  and if that 's the case then hearts will never reach their potential . 
  the barber shop i go to i 've been going regularly since i was a kid so i know everyone who works there and will happily chat away . 
  i fear for the day when i move away and have to find a new barbershop . 
  the best of it is , the four pictures they 've posted have all been posted like half an hour before they add you . 
  i have a friend who has recently fell for this and i do n't have the heart to tell her what she 's involved in . 
  i mean i should , but it 's so funny reading these facebook and instagram posts that are clearly written by some pr department . 
  i recently had someone phone me up and say this . 
  i replied asking which one because ` i 'd been in twenty in two months ' . 
  the sound of confusion on the guys voice was so satisfying . 
  and scotland, 
  source : am scottish . 
  anything sports related . 
  except tennis . 
  this a biggie for me . 
  also , do n't shit on other people for liking a different genre , or something that you 're not into . 
  this is a particularly annoying trait . 
  you know where you 're loved paddy . 
  come on home . 
  up in the great miserable north we still live in tenement flats where there is one outside toilet shared between the entire block . 
  celtic fan here , season ticket holder at celtic park and have been to see st. pauli playing away in furth . 
  great bunch of fans ( so were the furth fans btw ) , very welcoming and love a right good party . 
  & nbsp ; hoping to get to the millerntor either tail end of this year or start of next year . 
  butchmann 's goal for the second was a stunning strike . 
  poor equaliser to lose though . 
  maybe he 'll get sent off against their biggest rivals , run as quick as he can down the tunnel and is then never heard of again ... 
  we drink way more buckfast than any sane human being should . 
  & nbsp ; buckfast is a highly caffeinated tonic wine that is supposed to be consumed as a little ` nip ' , however where i 'm from people can often drink two or three bottles in a night .
