  is there any way portugal could also deport me to venezuela ? 
  not if your citizenship is valid  4 ) and is there any way portugal could revoke my citizenship even though i got it through descent ? 
  not without reason . 
  in short : you 've got ** the right ** to live here . 
  not permission . 
  right . 
  we do talk about big life issues ( disclaimer : i 'm from the rhineland . 
  it might be different in other parts of the country ) just not religion because it 's usually over quite quickly . 
  either you go `` yeah i do n't believe in that '' `` me neither '' or it starts a giant argument and you get nowhere . 
  in general , religious believes are private . 
  however , you talk about politics . 
  politics is not as polarising in germany as in other countries . 
  most big parties are all around the centre of the political spectrum so whilst i 'd disagree with people voting for a party i would n't vote for , it 's not like some sort of doomsday scenario pops into my head when i hear that . 
  the parties that are further away from the centre are usually also very ideology driven so you know what those guys probably vote for . 
  like , people most people that vote die linke ( the left ) are probably also very vocal about their opinions . 
  similarly , if somebody votes for the npd , you have probably already heard him or her ranting about foreigners . 
  then there 's no reason to talk . 
  you know how it ends . 
  but those parties also do n't get many votes . 
  you can discuss politics with friends because people generally do not focus on `` their party '' . 
  many parties fit many opinions . 
  and , at least my friends , are open to having their opinion challenged . 
  it would be hard to get my friends to vote cdu or fdp ( well , it would be hard to get many people to vote fdp these days ... ) but from spd to green or pirates is no issue . 
  all those parties generally fit their idea of a good representation of their ideas . 
  it 's the details that are different between those parties . 
  now , i said religious believes are private . 
  that 's true . 
  but religion is n't . 
  there is no issue with talking about religion with people . 
  and , i 'd say , it 's considered inappropriate to let your religious believes influence an ordinary discussion about religion . 
  like , you 'd be considered a giant arse if you would just say `` fucking heavens '' or something even though your personal believes do n't really matter at all . 
  uk generally . 
  there was one unit in my 8th grade english book that talked a bit about the differences and then , generally , you were allowed to use both in an exam if you stays consistent . 
  but be was always the default . 
  the shitty story line always took place in london ( i still fucking hate those kids ... ) and on the cds , you always had the typical bbc english . 
  but no language barrier is boring : /, 
  but it makes it an awful lot easier than being a cashier or something . 
  but citizenship takes a while . 
  my aunt did the same but with germany . 
  she had to learn german first . 
  it 's usually easier to get into a country on a student visa and then stay . 
  france is pretty expensive from what i know , though . 
  well , you 're a french citizen . 
  buy a plane ticket . 
  for her , if she 's crazy smart , she probably has a degree , right ? 
  i 'm sure there 's at least one country in the eu that would recognise her degree . 
   a while back i ran got back in touch with a high school crush how long is `` a while back '' ? 
  the whole thing would be a lot easier if you married her . 
  just like any other european country . 
  i like you guys :(, 
  it kind of is , though ... 
  i 'm not fond of either . 
  to the west , we 've got torturing america . 
  to the east , we 've got `` we 're not invading other countries because of some bollocks but we actually are '' russia . 
  of course there are many other things i 've got issues with in either country but those are the big ones at the moment . 
  both are culturally too far away from what i feel comfortable with so that really does n't make a difference . 
  well , it would n't be a recipe for conflict if we 'd do something with them . 
  in a city near to me , they 've just bought normal flats for refugee families . 
  they are all doing well . 
  in other places , they just put them into camps . 
  got family in another city ? 
  tough shit . 
  ca n't go there ( some dude actually killed himself over that a few years ago ) . 
  there are places where most things were done right and then there is a very minimal amount of trouble . 
  germany is a wealthy western nation . 
  we can afford it and i think it should be in anybody 's best interest to make the world a better place and if that means to take in refugees from war-torn countries than so be it . 
  every kind of problem i see with those refugees is based on the fact that stuff does n't work as it should . 
  people that own the refugee camps just try to make a quick buck out of them , processing those guys takes ages , they ca n't move to another city where they might already have family ( which is a lot healthier for the refugee ) . 
  basically , the same reason why i like that we offer our cheap education to foreign students as well . 
   not to mention , a lot of the time without a proper democratic vote ? 
  no need to mention that . 
  we elected our government to represent us . 
  a vote on such things is not part of our system . 
  at all . 
  no matter what 's going on . 
   is it racist to oppose mass immigration for your own country 's best interests ? 
  at best you 're a dick . 
  at least if you 're from a country that can afford it . 
  or you smoke j&p zigarellos ( cigarette-ish cigars ) if you want to hate your life but save money ( they 're disgusting but cheap ) . 
  rolling is really not that hard and like riding a bicycle . 
  once you did it a few times , it becomes second nature and you 'll get perfect results every time . 
  well , you could just roll it yourself . 
  that 's what i did when i was still smoking . 
  if you put a slice of apple skin in it , it also does n't try out and even gets a bit better . 
  american spirit is pretty popular for joints so you can get the roll tobacco pretty much everywhere . 
  or are you saying that the american spirits are worth the 90 cents more ? 
   please skip the whole smoking is bad part , i know it is . 
  look at the subreddit again . 
  not many people here will give you the death glare if you smoke . 
  5 $ for 17 cigarettes in germany . 
  i think i confused / r/europeans with / r/european ... 
  i 've never been there . 
  it does n't seem like it , though . 
  then it might just be the same shit as / r/europeans, 
  i think / r/european is the real subreddit for europeans and not just european matters ( like what / r/europe is ) . 
  but there is g.r.a.p.e.s. 
  in the us . 
  topics you should n't talk about with polite company in the us : guns religion abortion politics economics sexuality so it 's not like this is a european thing . 
  i would n't talk about any of those things with my boss or something but i see no problem talking about that sort of thing with my friends which is probably what op was going for . 
  how big is big ?
