  i think this is what will ultimately happen . 
  france and germany doing the first step , benelux just joining because `` we 're sandwiched in here anyway '' and then slowly more and more countries join until most of the actual ideology supporting countries are part of the `` eu country '' . 
  and then we have a few decades of angry slavs . 
  but then you also have california where people are dumb and crazy enough to put raw gr\u00fcnkohl in a salad because it 's healthy . 
   it 's fun to whine . 
  french confirmed !, 
  i like stripe patterns, 
  you 'll never see a single global language . 
  your peers will always be more influential than media and if you were to force everybody to speak one language , that language would just develop a lot of dialects . 
  [ look at this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uce_5ywg9sxekbbhqccur7zq/videos ) i think they have subtitles on every video . 
  it 's a bunch of interviews with black germans and their experiences . 
  especially interesting are the two elders who lived through ww2 . 
  we do n't really have a racism problem as much as we have a xenophobia problem . 
  that does n't mean that it 's any less of a problem . 
  it just means that `` being white '' does n't help . 
  a bigot will probably hate you for being nigerian as much as he hates somebody else for being polish . 
  being black just makes it obvious that you do n't have 100 % ethnic german ancestry which is something the bigots care about . 
  it also depends on where you are in germany . 
  i think the conductor talks about it . 
  in the east , teenagers at a school opened a window and called him a nigger . 
  in the west , his experience was more about prejudice and casual racism . 
  more ignorance that open hostility . 
  we actually have like 50 different words for the fist and last slice of a loaf of bread . 
  we say kn\u00e4ppchen where i 'm from , no idea what crazy shit the other germans came up with . 
  i talked to a guy once who was flying the flag of the german empire because that was `` the last time his great grandparents were free in their home country '' ( they were jewish ) and he was proud of his ancestry which is dumb because of two reasons : for once , the weimar republic was n't any more anti-semitic than the empire . 
  it was also a democracy so at least you are not some anti-semitic emperor 's little peasants . 
  hitler also changed the flag later so the tricolour we use today was n't used when shit was hitting the fan . 
  secondly , the german empire flag is flown by neo-nazis in germany since you ca n't use the nazi symbolic . 
  it 's a very naive view on history ( if he even looked at recent german history at all apart from ww2 ) and a very obvious disconnect to modern german society . 
  and i feel that is important to actually have a connection to your ancestry . 
  kind of like how a lot of asians do it . 
  they speak the language , they consume media from the country their parents or grandparents are from and probably also use websites people their age in said country would use . 
  is it ? 
  of course they can . 
  that 's what the irish do as well . 
  some people just have * that look * where you look at them and you 're like `` slav '' or `` greek '' or whatever . 
  but not a as a whole . 
  there was too much mixing and border shifting going on . 
  i mean they literally say that the whole nation speaks like they have a speech impediment . 
  that 's a pretty rude thing to say and would bother me as well . 
  well , at least you guys have the cuter accents . 
  most dutch people probably have dutch teachers and get their accent from media . 
  are n't the latin americans pretty hostile towards spain on the internet or are those just salty us-latinos ? 
  finnish is agglutinative . 
  this example is like listing a noun with every gender , every case , every number , every post or preposition as a different word . 
  where you 'd say `` i drank the water but not all of it '' , a finn would say `` i drank water < ending that indicates that the action was not complete  '' and since finnish has 15 cases , you get this shit with all combinations . 
  to have the best social life experience you can possibly get , you need to speak the local language . 
  everywhere . 
  even the dutch or swedes might accidentally slip into their language drunk on a party and then you are the idiot sitting there feeling left out but you do n't want to look like a dick / interrupt their conversation asking what they just said . 
  just learn the language . 
  is n't the folklore explanation for surstr\u00f6mming that finns did n't have enough salt to keep the fish from rotting so they sold their rotten , salty fish as a delicacy to swedish fishers and then those idiots came back the next year wanting more ? 
  probably also has a lot to do with the gdr and that even west german parties were and are more sympathetic to russia than americans die linke ( former sed ) are pretty big fans of russia and the social democrats , whilst not supporting russia in ukraine , are more interested in saving relations with russia than others . 
  but the us seems to be stuck in the cold war mentality . 
  having a lot of russian immigrants also does n't make them the `` unknown evil guy '' . 
  russians to us are just like any other european . 
  just more east . 
  at least on reddit , a lot of americans seem to have that idea that russia is n't european which seems dumb to me considering how much of their culture ( literature and such ) are important to pan-european culture , as far as such a thing exist . 
  even if russians do n't consider themselves european ( and i think there was a constant switching around in russia between identifying as european or identifying as russian separated from the rest of europe as a geographical entity ) , it 's undeniable that russia shaped europe . 
  i think all that might make the relationship between germans and russians different or even special compared to other western europeans and russians . 
  that ai n't an inclusive `` we '' , mate . 
  20 $ say the next generation will not care about the subjunctive at all . 
  it 's almost dead for me . 
  i 'd be surprised if my children would bother ever using it even in formal speech . 
  if that is actually something you guys say ... \\ #killme, 
  i wrote my bachelor thesis in english only because i could n't be arsed to deal with the german comma . 
  i just ca n't be arsed to think about that shit . 
  hey german has a subjunctive as well !, 
  and the brits gets the same criticism . 
  would of eat shit , bot !, 
  it 's really satisfying to know that people that complain about such things will one day sit at home , old as shit , complain about young people `` ruining the language '' and nobody will care what they think about `` would of '' , singular they and who instead of whom . 
  not anymore . 
  `` frau doktor '' is not a thing anymore except if that woman actually has a phd or md or whatever . 
  i have good news for you !, 
  you might be german !, 
  those are articles . 
  does n't polish have different case markers for different genders ? 
  am = at the morning . 
  not what it actually means but a good way to remember . 
  and noon is actually 12 pm . 
  so 0:00 to 11:59 is am , 12:00 - 23:59 is pm . 
  hating each other is what keeps us going . 
  actually , not too far off even though some might be exaggerated . 
  is n't he an ethnic russian , though ? 
  the number of idiots in / r/de is so low because the people that use reddit are students that speak english and like technology or nerdy stuff . 
  there 's just no other way to find reddit so the people in / r/de think alike most of the time . 
  for anybody who is legit a waste of space , we have the nazi mods that do n't accept that shit so they get the ban hammer . 
  i do n't think so . 
  however , this is one of those things i 'd never study . 
  it 's something you 'd encounter so frequently that there 's no reason to waste time on learning it when you 'll easily pick it up by exposure . 
  kind of like how vocabulary tests for very frequently used words is garbage . 
  time , place and ... something else, 
  should n't you get some sort of disability pass for that ? 
  here in germany , you get a certificate that says that you are disabled and how severe it is . 
  it also includes depression and stuff so it 's not just for missing leg sorry of disabled . 
  you might not get much out of it ( like free public transport if you have trouble walking ) but you could at least show people that thingy if they give you shit for it . 
  you need some italian immigrants in the anglosphere . 
  did n't know your coffee was shit ... 
  do n't import american deodorant . 
  they 're so strong that they irritate your skin to the point that you 'll smell like garbage for half a year if you decide to go for something european again . 
  anyway , i use those unscented rexona sprays .
