  for me , that looks more like an explanation of why people say such things . 
  i 've found the comment thread started by / u/bloodysneeze . 
  it pretty much ends in a discussion about how that 's bullshit with examples like switzerland and spain . 
  i 'm not trying to teach americans about their culture . 
  that would indeed be very arrogant . 
  you ca n't deny that 10 times more time for history on a continent where borders changed like others change their underwear shapes the people and culture very different than at some other place . 
  language is culture . 
  you want to learn and get deep into the culture , you learn the language . 
  not even that . 
  just knowing about the language can help you understanding where culture is coming from . 
  i know that many people refer to the us as homogeneous and i 'll call them out on that as much as i called out / u/nightmaremanatee but specifically he was complaining in the whole thread and brought this specific topic up all the time and nobody ever said that . 
  it works the other way around as well . 
  remember the `` denmark is so much better than the us and here is why '' thread in / r/politics ? 
  the argument that `` health care only works in a homogeneous society '' was brought up to me more than anything and people could n't even explain to me what that means for the us specifically without sounding incredible racist ( the white people do n't want to pay for the black people and vice versa . 
  that was the argument i got there ) . 
  do n't look for those thread , by the way . 
  it was terrible . 
  it was also not the only occasion i 've heard that . 
  naryn did n't say the word `` homogeneous '' once . 
  i man you as in `` you americans '' . 
  there are 11 words for `` you '' in my language so i apologised if i fucked that up and there was a way to express myself more clearly . 
  nobody denied you 've got culture in america but the history per state is probably less than half of what cologne ( a city ) went through in it 's 2000 years as a city . 
  again , a bunch of cherry picking examples and complaining about everybody saying `` the us is n't diverse '' even though nobody said that . 
  language is culture . 
  it 's the culture of the country you 're probably currently standing on ( or sitting ) . 
  there is a reason i do n't speak those languages you 've listed because they 're not in my country . 
  however , i can read middle high german . 
  i 'm currently learning french even though i have no intention to live in france . 
  i 've got enough material here to learn norwegian to b2 level because i want to know more about the culture and language . 
  i understand enough about old english get myself to a point that i can read beowulf . 
  i intend to learn low german because that 's where my local dialect is coming from . 
  i 'm also intending to learn icelandic and/or old norse ( pretty close languages so icelandic will do ) because icelandic is the only ( germanic ) language where you can talk to people and read 1000 years old stuff which is written in old norse and a great way to get into the heads of people 1000 years ago . 
  i will probably also attempt to try to learn a native american language at some point but there are enough languages in europe to keep me busy until i 'm 50 . 
  i 've read through the whole thread and nobody except you has said the word `` homogeneous '' ( well , i did when i called you out on it every time you were getting a fit over nothing ) . 
  you 're bavarian ... you should know ... 
  well , i do n't . 
  but i 'm also not a native english speaker and those countries are not as important to me . 
  i know that there is australia and i know that there is new zealand . 
  if i were n't on reddit , i would n't know anything about either of them . 
  so i never had much stuff i could say about those nations and put them together somehow . 
  more like the mexico of europe , i 'd say . 
  he did n't say that ... 
  there is a federal death penalty , though . 
  stop being sensitive . 
  i do n't even take photos on vacation . 
  maybe if i see something really pretty . 
  if i went to places with the intention to take a bunch of photos , i 'd always look for nice spots for a photo . 
  i 'd rather write a diary or something to keep memories . 
  we just call them us-amerikaner in german . 
  the guy that did ( or does ) the biggest world of warcraft fansite went to the us ( i do n't remember where exactly ) and any time when somebody asked them where they are from , they said `` germany '' and then the dude that asked said `` ah !, 
  europe ! '', 
  so at least where they were , people got the opportunity to not generalise europe served on a silver plate and they threw it away . 
  and this is exactly the problem . 
  nobody ever said that the usa is homogeneous and you ( americans ) always get really hung up on that which means that there is never a conversation about that because it is n't fun . 
  nobody said that the usa is homogeneous but it also does n't help that the native culture is pretty much ignored and that quebec gets more shit than anybody else in north america even though they are properly different compared to the anglophones . 
  for us , it seems like you pretend to be special but everybody who is actually special gets ostracised ( meaning the disrespect for quebec culture in canada and that virtually no white american speaks a native american language ) . 
  instead of getting all pissed off , bring some arguments on . 
  also , you ca n't maintain culture that far away from home . 
  your immigrant cultures merged together . 
  sure , there are different social rules in different states and your dialects differ from each other and all that stuff but there is no ( and please correct me ** properly ** if i 'm wrong ) deep difference between your states that evolved over 1000 years and shaped your nation and culture to what it is today and it was n't influenced by invasion and conquest as much as in europe . 
  i 'm not saying that this is in any way a free ticket for us to shit on your culture . 
  but it 's something americans do n't seem to understand and i had this discussion many , many times . 
  and how are europeans going to do that ? 
  the spying on eu citizens in the us was mostly possible through companies that store eu data on their american servers or servers in other countries the us government has access to . 
  we do n't really have that much access to data from us citizens . 
  and you should be pissed off as well if that actually happened . 
  and if the german government is spying on you , i 'll hand you the first foul egg to throw into merkel 's shitty face . 
   i agree with everything you say , except for the `` blood we share in our veins '' . 
  america is too diverse for that too be a solid point , and europe too full of recent immigrants . 
  i have nothing against this , as i believe it gives us both strength . 
  that sounds a lot like `` we are too diverse ; you 've got a lot of immigrants but are not diverse '' . 
  it just happens to often that americans say that on reddit so i might overreact . 
  i know that our governments are most likely doing similar things . 
  they 've tried in the recent past . 
  but at least i 've got some kind of legal protection which i do not have when the nsa is sitting on that data . 
  i can just elect another chancellor if i disagree with current policies . 
  i ca n't do that in for the us president even if your election system would make it easier to get rid of politicians . 
  not this shit again ... 
  there were jews , muslims , germanic tribes , romans , whoever in spain and all of them wanted a piece of the cake . 
  the vikings conquered certain parts of europe and spread their dna in those parts . 
  immigration waves of eastern europeans to ( e.g. ), 
  germany mixed polish with german blood 200 years ago . 
  the turks are actually from central asia and migrated to today 's turkey . 
  i could go on and on but i wo n't . 
  european states are not homogeneous and the whole of europe is most certainly not homogeneous either . 
  stop pretending that the us is the only country with a history of immigration . 
  just because the borders are stable at the moment and people speak the same language ( which is not even a given fact like in germany , netherlands , ireland , scotland , wales and probably many more countries where i 'm not quite sure about ) , we are not some kind of bundle of pure frenchmen , germans , englishmen , italians or polish . 
  it 's just a longer time ago and most people do n't care . 
  the nsa spied on the people ( americans and europeans ) but we ( europeans ) have no legal security that nobody fucks with our data . 
  i 'm sure some east berliners looked out of the window to check if they already build a new wall . 
  there 's also wuala and they 're in switzerland . 
  do n't know how they are about privacy but it 's better than dropbox . 
  how ? 
  that was actually not my intention at all ( quite the opposite actually . 
  i 'm pretty much pro-europe and wanted to say that there are big and well known local terrorists and not all foreigners ) . 
  but the ira and raf were kind of the biggest terrorist organisations in europe and they were pretty much local . 
  especially in europe ... oh wait !, 
  and do n't forget that even bloody iceland can get the xbox one . 
  there are 320k people on that island . 
  i 'm sure more people speak polish than that .
