  i went to a realschule and had computer science as a main subject . 
  on a gymnasium , you must take a second foreign language . 
  french and latin are the most common ones . 
  spanish becomes increasingly common as well . 
  i 've heard about ancient greek as well and some schools in my city even offer japanese . 
  i 'm not sure when you get lower degrees on a gymnasium . 
  however , some trades requires or at least prefer a degree from a gymnasium . 
  then we have college . 
  we call it abitur . 
  general university maturity or something like that . 
  i fucking hate translating those terms ) , you need the qualification for college . 
  however , there is also fhr ( fachhochschulreife . 
  subject specific university maturity ) which focuses on an actual profession and not academic work . 
  both of those lead to universities . 
  ahr to your ordinary university , fhr to a university of applied science or fh ( fachhochschule ) in german . 
  both teach the same thing just with a different focus . 
  the degrees are compatible as well so you can get a master 's from one of them with a bachelor 's from the other . 
  if you do n't want any of that , you can get into a trade . 
  that means 3 years of education , including school and exam , that make you a professional . 
  this is required for an awful lot of jobs . 
  i remember an australian on reddit that simply could n't find a job in germany because he was too young . 
  even though he worked a few years in it , nobody can actually say what he knows and how good he is because there is no formal education . 
  there 's a certain set of skills that you can expect from somebody who went through an apprenticeship . 
  so if you do n't have one but also ca n't show years of experience , it becomes quite hard . 
  it 's not really to lower the cost but more to focus education ( maybe too much considering that , in some states , the next 10 years of education are almost set in stone for you when you 're 10 years old ) and provide people with the education they need for what they want to do . 
  the apprenticeships are a continuation of the trade guilds , by the way . 
  so , they 're quite old . 
  it 's not like they were introduced to lower cost or change the education system or something . 
  sweden has a similar system . 
  not sure about other countries . 
  edit : somebody further down said that your hs degree is our abitur . 
  that is not correct . 
  if you wanted to study in germany with a us hs degree , you 'd have to get extra credit first before you start with your bachelor . 
  and even if we have debts , baf\u00f6g is capped at 10k but can potentially pay out something like 27k ( i think you can get 750 $ per month max and they pay for 3 years ) and you only need to pay back half of it so if you got slightly less than the maximum ( 20k ) , you 're still at 10k debts . 
  and they usually let you pay half of what you owe if you pay it at once . 
  the debt you can get by doing the standard thing for students is a lot less than in the us without a job or private funds . 
  it 's basically kraftwerk from germany which then spread everywhere and a good chunk of european countries picked it up . 
  america did as well but kind of evolved what kraftwerk did to rap at the east coast whilst house was a thing in chicago but house never took off like rap in the us or dance music in general in europe . 
  so you had a much smaller scene in the us whilst europe went crazy with genres evolving . 
  a lot of them also taking inspiration from house music . 
  i hope i got that right ... 
  when rap took off in the us , electronic music took off in europe and never went away . 
  it 's probably not the most popular thing in germany but we 've always had a sort of big scene and it is n't hard to find people that are into smaller genres like gabba , hardstyle , schranz ( i think it 's just called hardtechno outside of germany ) and so on . 
  yes but that question was asked by an american where edm is just what europeans would call `` dance music '' or `` electronic music '' . 
  ( not even joking . 
  that 's the most accurate response . 
  we do n't have such songs in the main stream . ), 
  it 's kind of hard trying to put his agenda somewhere since so many issues are not actually issues here . 
  like , health care . 
  neither the right nor the left would dare to touch that in germany . 
  it 's a non-issue . 
  for once you have a candidate that 's actually somewhere close to centre-left . 
  however , most europeans probably have no opinion . 
  all we really care about is that you do n't elect crazy republicans . 
  you guys , obviously . 
  have you seen the dutch national team playing football ? 
  edit : the english pay an awful lot for their education . 
  maybe we can take the island people instead . 
  not sure . 
  nope, 
  nothing rivals football . 
  usually , in smaller towns in west germany , you have one train station that is either a s-bahn for very small towns ( s-bahn is like a faster version of a metro usually going to 5 cities or something like that . 
  it takes every stop on the way ) or a regio for bigger towns ( regio is like a small version of a proper train that you 'd take for longer distances . 
  or a faster s-bahn . 
  it usually takes 1 or 2 maybe 3 stops per city and the routes are longer ) . 
  every town then has it 's own bus network . 
  the most rural place is probably southern bavaria . 
  i was there on holiday a few years ago on some mountain with 7 ( ! ), 
  houses 4 of them being vacation homes and the other three being the owners of those vacation homes . 
  even there you could just walk down the mountain and take a bus every hour . 
  well , it 's a bit different . 
  for once , even though the sinti have been here for 600 years , the romans were already complaining about the damn barbarians over the rhine ( us ) . 
  so , it 's not like somebody just walked in and was like `` fuck off , we 're now saying what 's up '' and then forced them to adapt . 
  also , whilst people distrusted the gypsies , they were more like a local population that went against the grain and against reasonable laws . 
  land usually belongs to somebody . 
  so you ca n't just pitch a tent . 
  also , in germany , children have the right to education . 
  so , preventing your children from even secondary education just does n't fly . 
  giving them proper houses made it more reasonable to stay at one place and to get your children educated . 
  neither . 
  gypsies are more likely to be criminals because a good chunk of them came to western europe to do criminal things . 
  it has literally nothing to do with them being gypsies . 
  they pretty much replaced the mafia in eastern europe . 
  they deal with human trafficking , child prostitution , and so on . 
  the `` roma '' ( again , it does n't matter ) we have here that are criminals are their little grunts doing the dirty work . 
  they are an issue because they are criminals ( that happen to be roma ) . 
  we have a local minority called sinti who are similar to the roma just not exactly the same and even they hate those criminals because whatever they do will also make life harder for the sinti and roma that did nothing wrong . 
  and the sinti have been here for 600 years so they are pretty much german at that point . 
  at least in my city , after the sinti got themselves some houses paid for by the government ( because camping wherever you want is illegal in germany and that was the easiest way to make them stop doing that ) , they started to have less issues and encouraged their children to get educated . 
  a good chunk of the 40/50 + generation can barely write . 
  they 've got primary education and that 's it . 
  that 's why they are at a disadvantage . 
  their culture also does n't encourage stealing . 
  gypsies were known for craftsmanship and music . 
  that were the general trades gypsies were skilled in . 
  and their music was pretty popular with my mother 's generation . 
  for me , my stereotypical image of gypsies is esmeralda ( spelling ? ), 
  of the hunchback of notre dame ( the disney movie , that is ) . 
  it 's the current generation in schools that has a very negative image of gypsies again because of the recent migration from eastern europe ( meaning : criminals that * happen to be * gypsies ) . 
  and , of course , there are always idiots that make that giant leap of `` those guys are criminals .
