  i saw the same in paris . 
  2 women in the same cloths , same sign , same everything just enough apart from each other so that you do n't see the other one if you stand next to one of them . 
  another one : there did a test in munich or berlin on a crowded plaza . 
  bunch of roma mothers and children around . 
  they sat down a women there reading a book and when one of them asked for money , she gave her 50 $ . 
  then the roma women walked off and told the others and then they all pestered the women they sat down there for more money . 
  another one : i regularly get asked for signatures by `` deaf people '' . 
  a form written in terrible german for something i ca n't even understand because it 's so badly written . 
  for some reason , they all communicate with waiving and grunting noises . 
  except if nobody is around . 
  then they speak a language i ca n't understand ( romani maybe ? 
  who knows ) . 
  this is a common trick to steal from people that those guys like to pull off . 
  when i was reading the paper she gave to me , some other girl was always walking around me . 
  they 've also been doing this for years . 
  for many people that do n't particularly care who lives in their city , this is the only contact they have with travellers . 
  i care so i know a bit more about the sinti than many other people of my age . 
  they hate the roma people as well because whatever they 're doing makes the sinti also look bad because many people ( especially younger people ) do n't know much about the sinti . 
  and this is a new development . 
  my mother 's generation has a sort of good opinion of gypsies because gypsy music became really popular when she was young . 
  for my generation , the only thing we knew about gypsies as children was esmeralda from that disney movie . 
  the generation in school now is the one that grows up only seeing scams and crimes and begging from roma people . 
  and those criminals give other romas a bad reputation . 
  i 'm not saying there 's no racism aimed at travellers . 
  there is . 
  and that 's not justified . 
  but the situation is not comparable with the situation black people were in and still are in in the us . 
  for us in western europe , those are foreigners only coming here for a quick buck through crime and begging . 
  they do n't stay , they do n't live here , they do n't join society . 
  in germany , a lot of minorities are organised in councils . 
  the central council of sinti and roma addressed this issue and asked the government to crack down harder on those criminals because they make life harder for every traveller who is not a criminal . 
  the situation in germany is an acknowledged problem by pretty much everybody who does n't benefit from being racist towards travellers . 
  i do n't know much about the historical context in eastern europe or the current situation so i wo n't comment on those . 
  but at least in my city , being annoyed by roma on the streets seems justified . 
  not racism , though !, 
  i call out anybody who tries to tell me that all roma are like that . 
  but i get it when people try to stay away from them . 
  germany has a pretty big sinti population . 
  they 're usually quite nice . 
  actually , from what i 've heard , they probably hat hat the roma the most simply because they 're usually thrown into the same pot with them . 
  hmmm it 's pretty much the other way around in the rheinland . 
  people tell you if you should take your shoes off . 
  maybe if the weather is bad , you ask if you should take your shoes off because it makes sense to do so in that case . 
  i 'd just walk in with shoes ... where are you from ? 
  fuck that ... 
  the house i live in is 130 years old as i ca n't get it warm for shit ... 
  the wall is so good damn cold that i need to sleep in sweat pants . 
  we mock that as well . 
  i consider getting rid of the csu a win . 
  i hope they wo n't . 
  we need some balance in the eu . 
  maybe compared to aleppo . 
  you need to learn german anyway if you do n't want to live in the expat bubble . 
  because the danes marched in there making danish the standard written language . 
  the norwegians actually also have a writing system that is based on the west scandinavian roots of norwegian and that looks rather different . 
  it 's called nynorsk ( new norwegian ) whilst the danish influenced ( and most common one ) is called bokm\u00e5l ( book language ) . 
  i really like flemish but amsterdam dutch is just weird . 
  have you ever seen dutch porn ? 
  holy shit i had to laugh so hard when she said lekker that i lost my erection . 
  the company that does public transport in my city even advertises that you can take a train to venlo on the weekends with one subscription . 
  but my city is also always full of dutch people so i assume we 're even ... 
  we can get the rest of schleswig-holstein back if you do n't sit your ass back down, 
  when i was a teenager , the macho nonsense became really common amongst certain people and those were also the only ones that go to clubs . 
  everybody else goes to pubs where this is less of an issue for young people . 
  and yeah somebody also explained the gay marriage thing . 
  it 's also illegal . 
  well britain had basically no obligation to join you in iraq and they did . 
  you have aircraft carriers between china and taiwan and the prc still pretends everything is fine and the whole world agrees that taiwan is part of china . 
  the us has such power against single nations that a union of any kind is not even necessary to force your will upon other people . 
  probably none without a work visa . 
  it 's not even about the us being too big but just to `` leader-ish '' . 
  like , in the coal and steel union , the whole point was that france and germany are dependent on each other so that going to war becomes very unattractive . 
  but the us does n't even ratify a good amount of international laws and will ignore international laws they signed . 
  how can you expect a nation like that to actually sit down and agree to stuff that they might not benefit from but that will be better for the union ? 
  the us is simply too nationalistic for a multi-national union like the eu . 
  i mean we 've seen how that worked out with the uk in the eu . 
   apparently france and germany are welcome too . 
  in varietate concordia . 
  eu or bust . 
  not sure if he self identifies as a nazi but i studied in dortmund ( lots of nazis . 
  pretty much the only city in the rhein-ruhr metro area with nazi-problems ) and one dude cut a iron cross into his forearm . 
  it was pretty much the usual nonsense . 
  `` bla bla you ca n't be proud to be german anymore bla bla ww2 was so long ago stop bitching bla bla all the fucking muslims bla bla bla '' . 
  funny thing is , i ca n't remember the last time i have been called a nazi when i left germany . 
  my aunt lives in france and her car is registered in germany ( adac . 
  she is n't from here though just got citizenship through my uncle ) and got confused why a lot of old people yell at her car or do some other thing that shows disgust when she drives around paris . 
  apart from that , you can very much be proud to be german . 
  just not because of our history . 
  for everything else , people are usually quite impressed with germany and give us a lot of credit . 
  but , of course , what neo-nazi wants to take credit for cheap education that he never used because they 'd never get into a university . 
  or a social security net that the dirty foreigners are abusing anyway . 
  or taking in a lot of refugees . 
  edit : i forgot that the husband of a friend of my mother is from east germany and proper nazi scum . 
  i avoid seeing him . 
  my mother managed to beat into their head that they better shut up about politics if they want her to come over but i could n't keep my cool . 
  probably not simply because the legal systems are very different . 
  to be fair at least the french canadians speak the language . 
  that 's probably why they do n't want anything to do with the french . 
  yup and i live half an hour away from venlo , nl . 
  so it 's not even illegal .
