  tl ; dr from the last thread somebody started in / r/germany : nobody fucking knows how german women work . 
  i think what works for a lot of countries is the fact that there is no dating . 
  you do n't `` start dating '' . 
  you meet somebody . 
  you go out with her or him and other people , then you might go for a coffee alone , maybe a film later , and then you 're just `` together '' at some point . 
  it just sort of happens . 
  different countries have different ideas about what is acceptable and what not . 
  you might be able to get a swedish girl into your bed after having a coffee in the afternoon . 
  that might not work like that in germany . 
   who told you ? 
  i already told you . 
  it 's in this thread . 
   also , the supreme court ruled in favor of not forcing children to recite the pledge . 
  any teacher forcing you to recite it is breaking the law . 
  they also ruled that the `` under god '' part is fine and we 've seen from american schools that teachers do n't necessarily keep their own agenda out of the equation . 
   the pledge does not claim that the us can do no wrong and that we are the most superior country , so you know that 's a start . 
  it still promotes patriotism . 
   nursery rhymes are brainwashing , is n't it ? 
  different content . 
   i remember in elementary french , we went through an exercise where we would chant the different degrees of adjectives ( bien , tres bien , comme ci comme ca ... ) . 
  we were made to repeat the same thing over and over again every single say . 
  apart form the fact that your french lessons might have been shit ( since you misspelled `` tr\u00e8s '' and '' \u00e7a '' and chanting the same thing over and over again makes little sense ) , it 's again different content but the same effect that your teacher wanted to achieve . 
  i thought it was obvious that the content is important so i did n't mention it . 
   did i say otherwise ? 
  yes . 
  you said that `` it 's the same as europeans that do n't teach about genocides '' which is unacceptable in the eu and to many of it 's citizens . 
  the pledge , however , is acceptable in the us . 
   of course people are going to disagree with you , since the whole point of opinions is that people disagree . 
  if you do n't want people to disagree with you , do n't ever express your opinion . 
  why should n't an opinion from someone you went through 18 years of the pledge matter ? 
  you 're not disagreeing . 
  you 're actively trying to convince me otherwise which is obviously not going to work especially since people in this thread and other places on reddit are usually more convincing than you when they argue against the pledge . 
   the pledge is nowhere near comparable to the propaganda of nazi germany . 
  i thought you just said that . 
  i said the nazi propaganda was more extreme . 
  they still both promote patriotism and nationalism and try to give children a certain idea about their country without promoting the idea to maybe questioning how true those statements are . 
  especially considering how old the pledge is . 
  and that 's all i have to say about this . 
  i do not care how much less the pledge is brainwashing compared to the hitlerjugend . 
  it 's still brain washing and you pretty much destroyed any chance or me giving your arguments any legitimacy as soon as you said `` nobody cares '' while somebody actually said how much people in his environment cared in the very same thread . 
  because you say `` nobody cares '' whilst others say `` when i refused to say it , x happened '' . 
  you make broad generalisations , others tell their anecdotes without demanding i believe them . 
  whilst the hitlerjugend was quite extreme compared to the pledge , i see no difference in the principle . 
  letting children repeat some phrases over and over again is never a good thing no matter the scale . 
  and the hitlerjugend is a good example about where this sort of thing can end . 
  and we indeed teach about the holocaust in germany and everybody who does n't teach about their genocides and terrible things in europe generally gets shit from everybody else . 
  in fact , a lot of people i know would not like to see the turks in the eu for this very reason . 
  and there is everything wrong with a little pride if it 's recited every day by school children . 
  and it 's 6 am and i 'm tired . 
  if you do n't like my opinion on that matter , do n't read a thread about this topic in askeurope . 
  if you expected any other response from a german who knows from his own country 's history to what propaganda can lead , you might want reconsider if the pledge did n't affect you after all . 
  i always lived in germany but maybe my grandfather still has his hitler jugend books where he had to write down how great germany is again and again . 
  you know , since letting people repeat such things again and again is n't a big deal for you . 
  i also do n't really care how you think it affected you or rather did n't affect you . 
  the fact that it is a thing is crazy enough . 
  yes it is a big deal . 
  maybe your teacher was sane but some others might not be . 
  maybe you could just ignore the text but some others could n't . 
  no matter how i look at it , brainwashing is the only thing i can think of . 
  letting children recite a bunch of bollocks every day is already a big deal . 
  well looks like vestrati had a difference experience . 
  and it 's still unbelievable that you 've got to say it . 
  i tried but i ca n't find anything to describe my view on it except `` brainwashing propaganda '' . 
  i do n't know against who , though . 
  there does n't seem to be much more than `` hey , did you know that we 're the best country ever with god and stuff and how patriotism is a good thing ? '', 
  and then they move on . 
  in my experience from germany , piracy stops when people are around 20 . 
  that 's when most either earn money , have some extra money through other ways ( like student support ) and do n't mind buying the stuff they enjoy even if it 's on steam sale . 
  gaming is indeed pretty popular in german . 
  we 're not big into peasant boxes though . 
  while it 's still a legitimate gaming device , the pc is more common than in other countries . 
  and i only know one person that describes gaming as his hobby who thinks a console is objectively better than a pc . 
  people just value quality here . 
  we 've got the standard cod , bf , fifa gamer like every european country . 
  games that sell well in the us sell here as well . 
  that said , there are 114 german wow servers and 113 eu wow servers ( if i remember correctly ) . 
  so mmorpgs seem to be more a thing here if you take wow as the biggest and most well known . 
  also , i feel like europeans in general enjoy competitive games and strategy games more . 
  the eu leagues usually crush the us leagues in most competitive games . 
  also , it 's very likely that somebody who games also enjoys civ or ( most importantly because americans also enjoy civ a lot ) , grand strategy like ck2 . 
  in general and if i compare it to americans on reddit , we enjoy challenge and strategy as well as less shooters . 
  other games are high up there as well . 
  edit : also , do n't forget in what genres we had some successful games made . 
  gothic is an rpg , anno is considered the biggest city builder ever next to simcity and the settlers is probably the most popular game from germany . 
  those games are obviously popular here as well . 
  i live in d\u00fcsseldorf which is the state capital of north rhine westphalia . 
  i never noticed anything particularly filthy . 
  the outskirts are usually more expensive than the city centres so that does n't work anyway . 
  but even in the city centre you can see people cleaning the old town streets every morning and the places to shop are not filthy either . 
  i study in dortmund which is in the ruhrgebiet which is the coal industry place in west germany . 
  whilst those cities do n't seem to invest as much money into pleasing tourists as we do , they 're not filthy . 
  not the newest stuff around ? 
  yep . 
  but not filthy . 
  i have n't been to ankara but turkey seems not to be on par with most other european countries . 
  at least not in side and cities close by . 
  yes, 
  i would n't say that it 's a big social stigma . 
  like , smoking every now and then is acceptable . 
  the problem is that ( at least in the west ) you 've got to deal with some shady people to get weed .
