  i 'd not consider any federation to be anywhere close to the eu . 
  members of the uk are not on equal terms and are part of the union because they were annexed . 
  if you want to start like that , it 's a union of stockholm syndrom . 
  phds are paid in germany, 
  you know , germany extends the joy of cheap university to foreigners . 
  that might be a way in !, 
  also , look at the blue card ( [ boop ] ( http://www.bluecard-eu.de/eu-blue-card-germany/ ) ) . 
  maybe you qualify !, 
  maybe you like it here and stay !, 
  maybe you find new appreciation for your country !, 
  maybe things get better whilst you 're here !, 
  i understand that not everybody wants to emigrate . 
  i 'd give you a big hug and tell you everything is gon na be okay if i could but all i have for now is some information :( edit : i also want to repeat what caspermeyer said . 
  the fact that americans are now organising and pushing for more social politics is what does n't make me think that the us is a lost cause . 
  what did churchill say ? 
  `` you can always trust the americans to do the right thing after they 've tried everything else ! '', 
  i think you 're done with everything else after trump . 
  good times are coming !, 
  the `` historically low approval ratings '' are still too high . 
  the spd and cdu would be happy if they had those ratings . 
  3 million less . 
  that 's one percent of the population . 
  the margin is not that large . 
  and maybe italy or somebody else steps up to replace the uk . 
  germany for the economy , france for the ideology , somebody for the small and sceptical nations to feel represented . 
  europe is a good chunk north of the us . 
  it gets dark at around 10-11 and the sun rises at around 5-6, 
  they wo n't . 
  2 attacks . 
  up until the end of the cold war , at least that many people died every year to terrorists . 
  if you understood anything about the goals of isis and the history of europe , you would n't say such nonsense . 
  it 's not like this did n't happen before . 
  when the economy is shit and a bunch of refugees come over , the right gains momentum . 
  and then they fade into irrelevancy again . 
  why ? 
  it does n't get dark until 10 or something like this in spring/summer, 
  but spanish has less relevance in europe . 
  yes but those models have neither fat nor muscle . 
  well , we were good at building piles of roman bodies . 
  i think that this is not really related to each other but simply the symptom of the same underlying cause . 
  if the population is ageing , there are generally less children . 
  societies that have less children are generally also societies where children are not necessary for security when you 're old . 
  this is generally not necessary if your society is very stable and rich . 
  this is also why spanish youtube is so huge . 
  latin americans had a lot of children in the past . 
  those children are not teenagers . 
  but latin america caught up to the west and people can nor afford internet connections and those countries are rich enough that they can afford the infrastructure . 
  latin america is basically in the transition period between having a lot of children because it was necessary and being a rich nation where something like this is n't necessary anymore . 
  and in rich societies , you do n't have to get into crime to get by . 
  since the social security net takes care of you . 
  well , i 'd personally not like to live in the us for various reasons ( or canada ) and i 'd probably prefer the uk over both but it 's not like the uk is an utopia . 
  i 'd not go through the hassle and get a visa for the uk and a good job would put either canada or the us over the uk quite quickly . 
  then why not go to the us or canada ? 
  the uk has n't got much going for itself for the people you 'd like to get into the country apart from the language and being in the eu . 
  so what 's the point putting work into getting a visa for the uk ? 
  and there 's still ireland . 
  so if you do n't work in a field that benefits from big international companies , you might as well go there then . 
  like , self employed programmers or whatever . 
  and the `` lingua franca '' argument does n't work . 
  because english is so common , you can a ) find it in most major companies everywhere in the western world and b ) you can get by in most western countries with english . 
  why should i , as a german with a master 's degree ( well , not yet but i 'm going to have one ) in computer science try to get into the uk when i might as well go to another country that would require me to put as much into getting a visa as the uk but offers better jobs . 
  or i stay in the eu !, 
  no hassle at all . 
  there are courses in the netherlands where you can learn dutch in 3 weeks as a german . 
  70 % of the dutch can actually hold a conversation in german . 
  when i learnt norwegian , i blasted through a 100 vocabularies per day because the languages are so close . 
  french is fucking easy if you live in the country . 
  you are not the fucking british empire anymore . 
  you 're one of many countries that has the language going for it . 
  but like i said , i can get a dutch course for germans in 3 weeks . 
  it would take me longer to get a visa if i wanted to move to a non-eu uk . 
  and you do n't get downvoted because you question the eu . 
  you get downvotes because , in a thread about how eastern european immigrants makes you 5 billion quid per year , you still complain about said immigrants like they 're draining your welfare system . 
  but it clearly is working for you ... do you actually believe people would immigrate to the uk if you had insane immigration restrictions like the americans ? 
  there are international companies in most european countries where you could get by with english and in most countries that are not `` a burden '' , the idea of learning a third language does n't seem as crazy as in the uk so why not invest some time into learning swedish or french or german ? 
  people who do n't pay their bills have no right to have influence !, 
  * smacks with newspaper *, 
  they 're part of the eea . 
  it 's like being part of the eu with all the foreigners but none of the influence . 
   now how to get schleswig-holstein and oldenburg back . . polish the boots , guys !, 
  if they would not react , nato breaks apart . 
  what 's the point in an alliance if nobody is upholding the terms of the alliance . 
  also , if russia would dare to invade a smaller nato member , i 'm pretty sure that germany would kind of want to react to that . 
  if then the other nato members would fail to join them , you would n't just piss off some small country but germany . 
  so you go for the most racist counts your country provided at the moment ? 
  very sensible . 
  then you never had lebanese food . 
  my aunt is lebanese and lebanese fast food is not fast food . 
  it 's like sushi . 
  it 's actually good food . 
  quick and dirty . 
  it 's spiced up meat that spent the whole day rotating in that heater thing with some salad and sauces and some vegetables in a bread . 
  it 's like a turkish cheese burger . 
  then i 'm just gon na call you hypersensitive . 
  that usually works fine as well . 
  nobody here wants to prove anything . 
  i 'd like to know how the situation is in other countries and if it 's better , how we here in germany can improve it . 
  i 'd like to know why the norwegian police did n't fire a single shot in a year in ... 2010 or something ... ( probably got the year wrong ) but the german police did fire a 100 shots . 
  i 'd like to know why the life expectancy is better in paris than in the region i grew up in and why it 's even worse in the region i live in now . 
  do you think everything is so nice in the us that there is no reason for comparisons with other countries so you , as a nation , can try and look for improvements ?
