  but french is pretty easy if you speak another romance language . 
  make it a main subject in school and you 're good to go . 
  i would probably do one round around germany because the cities in the west are also very interesting and you can see amsterdam and stuff like that but people seem to be very excited about berlin and i think prague is can be very exciting as well . 
  they did in other cities . 
  dresden was not really important as a military target and the british apologised for bombing dresden shorty after and said it was a big mistake . 
  that 's why dresden is the most famous example of destroyed cities even though the ruhrgebiet got it a lot worse but we got all the goal and factories so it was a proper military target . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  a high school degree ? 
  you must go to school until you 're 18 in germany so that graph is useless because it ca n't be lower than the % of complete failures . 
  leave your passport at the door , please ... 
  indeed . 
  there is no shame in getting something non-alcoholic between your drinks if that means you can get home on your own after a party . 
  you can disobey everything ... 
  i 'm having some toilet action right now . 
  give me half an hour to an hour and i 'll post you the law if i can find it . 
  ninja edit : i 'm not taking a shit for an hour i just have to do stuff . 
  that 's the whole point of the argument ... 
  pig feet is not a long shot from pork but rotten fish and rotten cheese with maggots is far away from everything even neighbour countries consider food . 
  that 's what i mean with cultural diversity . 
  from one body part of a pig to another is n't much of a different just because the rest of the usa does n't like to eat it . 
  it 's like weather . 
  germans think 0 \u00b0 c is cold but norwegians would laugh about that . 
  it 's still both cold if you take the local reference frame but norway is a lot colder than germany if you ignore the region . 
  if he things that it 's morally not justifiable . 
  the law was put in place to prevent soldiers from justifying stuff they did with `` i was just following orders '' like they did in ww2 . 
  that 's why every soldier is responsible for his own actions ( no matter if it was an order or not ) but how can you be responsible for what you 've done without being able to not do it ? 
  we also do n't have a military cord because of ww2 . 
  i think you do n't understand me . 
  an order can be legal and still wrong in the opinion of the soldier . 
  the german soldier has the right to disobey here . 
  obeying every order would violate the german constitution and we 'd never agree to that . 
  and that 's where the problem starts . 
  there are a lot of different militarise in the eu . 
  every single one has a long history and their own rules and hierarchy . 
  you could never melt all those soldiers and generals together to build one big army . 
  that 's still kind of normal to be honest . 
  i would n't eat it but it 's still food . 
  but i said what you said just with another example :(, 
  i 'm in paris in 4 hours and it 's always a bit of a culture shock . 
  of course you 've got cultural differences between texas and california but that 's a long distance . 
  you can have the complete opposite culture if you travel 4 hours in europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure a texan feels more comfortable in california than a austrian in french or even a west german in the south ( if those people are not prepared for the differences ) . 
  you 've got tv shows out of every state . 
  try to find a tv show in germany that tells you stuff about norway . 
  you wo n't european cultures do n't melt together if the regions do n't share a border . 
  the stuff you see on tv might be very stereotypical but it 's always a completely new experience if you 're in a european country for the first time as a european . 
  i 've got a little addition to make . 
  a lot of films get lost in translation . 
  while we see swedish films ( state tv has a lot of swedish crime thrillers ) , a lot of the culture gets lost in translation . 
  you might see what they 're doing but the common phrases , the accent and the actual meaning might get lost ( even if both languages are very nuanced like french and german ) . 
  as long as people from one state do n't feel the need to vomit when they see food from another state , you can leave the food argument ( i 'm looking at you , iceland and your rotten fish ... ), 
  that should work if your mother is still a german citizen . 
  do they ? 
  damn ... 
  it would be pretty awesome to have some language learning related stuff . 
  / r/lanl _ french is kind of dead . 
  / r/lanl _ german is n't , though . 
  the problem is that natives might not bother to subscribe but if we 'd encourage people here to ask those questions , you 've got a lot of natives together who might take a look at it . 
  you also do n't separate between nations . 
  a lot of french swiss or people from belgium might not hang out in / r/french so / r/europe could attract more people about a certain language . 
  natives could also take a look on resources we could link in the sidebar . 
  one dude from california once tried to speak german to me and it was just ... weird ... natives could filter out such resources about grammar or stuff fairly quickly especially if it 's not a world language spoken by more than 100 million people like the scandinavian languages . 
  chances are hight that you find some half arsed grammar exercises for those languages on the internet more regular than for french or german ( why is german so popular , by the way ? 
  it was one of the first languages on duolingo.com and i just do n't know why people all of a sudden like us enough to learn our language ) . 
  there are so many people in / r/germany that ask the same questions over and over again . 
  it would be so nice to just say `` you know what ? 
  there 's everything you need to know . 
  if there are still questions you want to get answered before you move to germany , you can come back . '', 
  thanks . 
  very interesting . 
  which is a fucking joke . 
  biggest economy in europe and amazon can hire people through another company and those people basically work for nothing . 
  i feel like the `` r '' is always our thing . 
  it 's so funny if you hear english words pronounced by americans and you try to pronounce it like they do and it just does n't work because of the rhotic accent and then you google how the brits pronounce it and it works the first try because rp is basically like german with lazy vowels . 
  works the other way around as well . 
  americans speaking german always have some problems with the `` r '' . 
  i think you watched shrek , did n't you ? 
  the cat in shrek has a spanish accent in the german localisation and the lisp is the only think that makes it clear that the cat is spanish . 
  it 's funny how different countries stereotype different accents . 
  in english , you 'd make a stereotypical chinese accent by replacing the `` l '' with a `` r '' but you do it the other way around in german . 
  i 'd love to tell you but i ca n't understand proper spoken swiss german . 
  i had to look for a source for girls used by the nazis as soldiers in another thread and found a video of a swiss professor talking about ... stuff ... let 's just said i knew after half a minute that this video would be a waste of time for me :d i have n't heard a swiss not making the distinction between '' \u00df '' and `` ss '' yet but they might just adjust their accent so germans can actually understand what they 're saying . 
  so if swiss talk to germans , they make this distinction . 
  if they speak swiss german , they might not but i ca n't tell you . 
  and that 's why we need minimum wages . 
  i do n't mind people doing hard and monotone work . 
  that 's just how some jobs are . 
  but those people need reasonable money and social benefits . 
  if you want a good service for computer hardware , go to alternate.de . 
  i think they even offer shipping to other eu countries . 
  a friend of mine had a lot of problems with mind factory but never with alternate and neither did i or anybody i know . 
  it 's more expensive though so you have to ask yourself if its worth the money . 
  i like french a lot . 
  i do n't know why i think it just sounds great and it 's fun to study french ( at least in the beginning ) . 
  i also would love to speak one of the scandinavian languages . 
  german is also fun with exceptions . 
  there are two rules without exceptions : ~ ~ if it 's plural , it 's always the feminine article ~ ~ ( except when not like if it 's the dativ or genitiv case ... ) . 
  if it 's a diminutive , it 's always the neutral article . 
  that 's it . 
  the rest is full of exceptions .
