  work great . 
  depends . 
  do i sit down and actively watch ? 
  subbed . 
  do i watch whatever i 'm watching whilst doing something else ? 
  i would n't watch a movie dubbed for example but anime or any other tv series , i might watch dubbed . 
  like , i would n't watch 100 + episode anime subbed because i could not justify watching a 100 + episode anime without doing some farming in an mmo or doing some programming . 
  it 's just so much time spent on something that might not be the most high quality entertainment . 
  i mean , you move your hands so much when you talk that you could probably argue that standing in front of a pizzeria talking to your buddy burns more calories then what constitutes as work in other countries . 
  the romans we slaughtered when they tried to take our land . 
  it 's the gay capital of germany with giant christopher street day celebrations every year . 
  i 'm not from cologne but from d\u00fcsseldorf which is close by . 
  if you want to know more about cologne , ask in / r/de . 
  they might be able to tell you more and maybe somebody can tell you about their experiences . 
  oh wow that burn to spain !, 
  rheinl\u00e4nder ( home region in germany . 
  not a state , though ) 2 . 
  europe ( specifically western europe but not enough to give it is n't own ranking ) 3 . 
  germany 4 . 
  all the other plebs i actually consider myself european first but the place where i 'm from is the place that made me who i am and where my culture is from so i assume it 's more important even though i consider other europeans as much `` my people '' as frau schmidt from across the street or whatever . 
  yes colloquially . 
  but you 'd use us-amerikaner in a more formal context like on the news . 
  we just call them us-americans in german . 
  not the lad bible ? 
  it 's probably worse than that . 
  5 hours of queuing just to get shit faced in a hot tent with a bunch of other sweaty people . 
  you 'll probably find some weirdos if you go out ( i 'm not that much of a nightlife person so i 'm not sure if going out on your own at night makes much sense ... ) but you 'll find the * special * kind of weirdo at oktoberfest . 
  there are actually similar festivals around bavaria ( called volksfest . 
  it 's the same thing but the one in munich just has a special name ) which is a bit more traditional . 
  i 'm not bavarian so i 'm not sure how much sense it makes to visit those on your own simply because i do n't know how welcoming the people there would be and how interesting it is for somebody who has no idea what 's going on . 
  like , maybe you find a bunch of people in their 20s and early 30s having a good time . 
  but maybe you might find nobody younger than 50 and everybody is going home at 10 pm . 
  going to stuttgart is probably your best bet . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  i 'm gon na edit it . 
  europe is generally the safest continent on earth . 
  no matter from which us city you are , all those cities you want to visit are probably saver than the city you 're from . 
  also , skip the oktoberfest . 
  it 's a tourist trap or for a very special kind of person . 
  no flair . 
  probably an immigrant from / r/the _ orange_hitler, 
  love the salt from the unflaired users and eastern europeans . 
  i 'd do what / u/alfredojquackus said . 
  although , we could n't send refugees from war zones back since that is pretty much a death sentence . 
  no just joking . 
  actually , i 'm not sure . 
  the most unpleasant people i 've talked to were swiss-german and luxembourgish but i do n't think they necessarily represent the population quite well . 
  i like em all , actually . 
  * slap *, 
  trying to make up for brexit by stroking egos in the comments ? 
  wait , does that actually work ? 
  can i commit a crime in the vatican and then be safe once i 'm in italy ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  maybe in slovenia , they excommunicate you on request . 
  but there will always be a record of you if you 've been baptised as a catholic . 
  you can always `` undo '' excommunication and join your community as if nothing happens . 
  no second baptising or something like that . 
  so they must keep record of you . 
  in germany , renouncing your faith gets you an excommunication even though the vatican does n't like that . 
  you ca n't really leave the catholic church anyway . 
  once you 're in , you 're in . 
  they can excommunicate you but then you 're just not part of that community anymore and a bad catholic but still a catholic . 
  good job trying to explain one american fast food chain that is not very common outside of the us with another american fast food chain that is not very common outside of the us :d, 
  ca n't wait for monday . 
  should be 22 \u00b0 on monday and not 33 :(, 
  is that the one year you did n't try ? 
  i liked the last one . 
  still have it in my spotify playlist . 
  they should just put the new kidz actors on stage . 
  considering how regularly i get called `` verr\u00dcckte mongo ! '', 
  since that shit got popular , they 'd at least get germany 's vote  . <, 
  because it 's awesome !, 
  we even eat raw pork that way in germany . 
  when i started studying in dortmund . 
  i was driving home with a moroccan who lives in my city as well and some old dude sat down , saw him , made puking noises and went off . 
  then i met that dude at uni who was always like `` hurp durp all those black people studying here for free why are we paying for their studies hurp durp '' and said shit like `` you ca n't even be proud to be german anymore '' . 
  well , guess who got 5 whole ects in 3 semesters and then dropped out ? 
  yep . 
  mr. `` we 're paying for their studies '' . 
  also , you can be proud to be german just not for that racist nonsense . 
  look at reddit . 
  if you 're into that , you can jerk off to somebody telling you how awesome germany is constantly . 
  he also cut an iron cross into his forearm with a knife . 
  you 're german to me * internet hug * :(, 
  same thing i thought about the scottish independence . 
  whatever the people want is what i support . 
  mmm . 
  my favourite !, 
  awww :d i always forget to vote but i 'm sure you 'd be green for me as well . 
  i mean it 's not like i know exactly where you live so nothing to worry :d, 
  is it that one guy that was asking weird questions about gun rights and free speech and than argued with everybody who did n't go full ` murican in their answers ? 
  actually , if i 'm not confusing usernames here , i 'm pretty sure i know who you are . 
  ( not trying to be creepy or something . 
  your username just sticks out to me and i just happen to remember certain answers of yours that give it away , i think ), 
  nope . 
  prime membership does n't carry over . 
  but shipping in france is probably 2 days anyway . 
  prime in germany offers next day shipping or even overnight or same day if you pay a little bit extra . 
  i think it works with amazon.de accounts . 
  i can also use amazon.co.uk .
