  i 'm german !, 
  rawr look at my masculine german face !, 
  shame i 'm not gay ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/linguistic_purism_in_icelandic is that enough ? 
  i think `` reconstructed '' might be the wrong word but they definitely `` purged '' their language from a lot of foreign influences . 
  icelandic and faroese were reconstructed from old norse after both got independent . 
  an icelander has an easier time reading 1000 years old texts than reading 300 years old texts . 
  the invasion is probably the important bit . 
  french was the prestige language for a lot of countries ( guess where that guttural r is coming from in german , dutch ( i think ) and danish ) but nobody got it forced onto themselves by invaders . 
  so you can run android apps on that thing ? 
  like last time , i 'd like to have an answer for the scottish independence question that is something like `` whatever the scots want '' . 
  i 'm neither for nor against independence . 
  i 'm for everything the scots want as long as it 's done through proper politics first . 
  that does n't mean i do n't care . 
  i very much care . 
  i just do n't see myself in the position to have a black or white opinion . 
  a good model or a bad model ? 
  we do n't have / r/shitbavarianssay, 
  and only france knows what 's up with least compassionate !, 
  still sort of relevant ... newspapers with bad reputation and stuff ... 
  [ daily mail song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ebt6osr1ti ), 
  well , when shit was hitting the fan , kurzarbeit probably saved a good amount of jobs . 
  basically , people would work less and get some money from the government . 
  that meant that the companies did n't have to fire people . 
  apart from that , well , we like to declare people that do unpaid placements `` employed '' . 
  so that kind of screws with out statistics . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen that in the rheinland . 
  but i 've heard that some people do that ... 
  * `` hurp di durp if it 's going on like that we 'll eat kebab for christmas dinner in the future  :( '' *, 
  i 'm happy that terrorism and immigration is so low . 
  the majority seems to not buy into the populist bullshit that we get overrun by muslims that want to bomb our country . 
  germans are always afraid of inflation . 
  american deserters are n't german citizens . 
  so even if i remembered them , what have they got to do with everything . 
  so i can only be extradite to other eu countries or an international court . 
  good to know . 
  thanks for doing my work as a german citizen  . < i should really read the grundgesetz some time ... 
  we have no extraditions in germany ? 
  i knew that france refuses to extradite french citizens but i did n't know we germans do the same . 
  and you 're even italian !, 
  i 'm sorry :( where have you been in germany ? 
  that is in german just translated . 
  on the german google :  croats are nazis  croats are persians  croats are no slavs  croats are serbians, 
  on the german google :  russians are stupid  russians are asian  russians are strong  russians are everywhere, 
  i know ... 
  it still sounds like shit in german . 
  yep . 
  i 've got nothing against low paid unskilled labour but it should be a fair wage . 
  i think beta was once `` b '' though . 
  your language changed !, 
  i do n't think people take much offence in `` holland '' but there 's so much history in the uk , that i 'd be careful with england . 
  we call the uk `` gro\u00dfbritannien '' ( which means great britain ) in german because that just sounds more fluent than vereinigtes k\u00f6nigreich . 
  with holland , i usually say holland if i 'm in an informal setting and niederlande if i 'm in a formal setting . 
  in english , i usually stick to the proper names . 
  tyskland in norwegian . 
  it means the same but north germanic languages did n't went through the t -  d sound shift . 
  he should be happy we did n't take his caravan . 
  angry dutch people are fun !, 
  i 'll just continue to dig holes on your beaches until you ca n't contain yourselves anymore , dear dutchies !, 
  rtl can still go fuck itself , though . 
  is it the same rtl as in germany ? 
  i understood the `` liberals ! = fdp '' as `` the fdp is not liberal '', 
  yes . 
  i know that the fdp is liberal . 
  but he said liberal ! = fdp ) . 
  so i assume that he means the american definition of liberal and i 've got no idea what that means . 
  while the democrats are not as right as the republicans , they still seem to be much more conservative than our conservative parties . 
  so what 's he now talking about ? 
  it 's certainly not the fdp . 
  does he mean cdu which might come closer to the fdp than other parties ? 
  or just something centre left like the spd ? 
  or the typical reddit liberal who 'd vote for any socialist party ( something like the left pops into my mind ) as long as it 's edgy except when somebody wants to touch their guns ? 
  could we stop using those american terms ? 
  what are liberals ? 
  either you mean people that vote democrats or fdp voters and neither seem to be a sane lot . 
  yeah i 'd rather have a 27 years old dude than the fucking idiot we had ... 
  i pay like 5 $ from amazon.co.uk . 
  you get shafted down there . 
  should n't the membership in the eeta give you some perks ? 
  wait , even the german amazon ? 
  old high german is not that complicated . 
  i always thought german was really conservative and not innovative . 
  especially considering how easy middle high german is to read . 
  do you mean the ch sound like in achtung or like in ich ? 
  when was greek standardised ? 
  middle high german is still a bit different but only because people wrote like they spoke . 
  after 1500 , it stayed really similar . 
  but 1000 years old stuff is only easy to read if you know how the sounds shifted ( \u00ee in middle high german books is pronounced like a long i ( ee in english ) but then later became ei which is pronounced like i in english ) . 
  that 's actually quite true . 
  i 'm in uni right now and when i have this giant , complicated sentences in a book or on the internet , i just summarise them as precise as possible as short as possible . 
  if i ca n't , i know i have n't studied enough . 
  that does n't really work if your sentences are already short and precise like in english . 
  `` i agree '' . 
  if somebody would ask you `` do you 've got my jumper ? '', 
  they 'd answer `` i have '' or `` i have n't '' ( i think they have a word to negate something but not simply `` no '' ), 
  jealous ? 
  i know i am ... 
  even though icelandic has only 320k native speakers , there are something like 2 million ( mostly westerners ) people that speak it as a second language simply because it 's so close to old norse and therefore useful for historical linguists or people who are interested in old languages . 
  so a small population does n't prevent you from getting shit for talking shit :d, 
  that 's crazy southern talk .
