  like , if you fuck over calculus 1 3 times in an ordinary computer science degree , you might be able to go for medical computer science because they might do something differently . 
  you can continue of there are alternatives . 
  after you fucked up a module 3 times , you can not study anything that requires it in the whole country . 
  however , i , as an example , had to take either calculus 2 , linear algebra 2 or statistics in the second semester ( 2 out of 3 ) . 
  if i 'd fail statistics thrice , i can still take the other 2 . 
  i just ca n't ever take statistics again . 
  i 'm not sure how that works if you just do n't take any exams . 
  of course not ... what if children are watching ? 
  from early childhood on we get told that we should not cross the street when the lights are red . 
  there 's a huge focus on teaching kindergarteners how to be safe in traffic . 
  ask in / r/germany, 
  tatort . 
  tatort is always popular . 
  oh so basically like in germany . 
  `` those are the things that are wrong with the eu !, 
  but we should fix them and not give up '' . 
  i 'd say most people think that there are lots of things wrong with the eu but that we should fix them . 
  not get rid of the eu . 
  well , think about how much shit our countries threw at each other before the eu ( i 'm german in case you ca n't see my flair ) . 
  i think that 's worth keeping the eu alive over . 
  well , most countries in europe are statistically saver than the us but then again , most people do n't leave macbooks in a hostel . 
  without any experience with hostels , i 'd rather buy a few more sd cards . 
  bread , beer and cars . 
  do n't really care . 
  the gypsies that cause problem can fuck off because they 're criminals and not because they 're roma or sinti . 
  from what i 've heard from eastern europe , what they typically describe as gypsies might be the most unpleasant neighbours i can imagine but i would n't mind roma or sinti as my neighbour if they live in acceptable circumstances . 
  that does n't even have to mean that they have a job . 
  everybody can be unemployed for a while . 
  but there 's no excuse to not send your children to school ( as an example about what i find unacceptable ) . 
  drop either the first three or the last 4 . 
  you do n't want to spend hours on a train to cross germany if you only have a few weeks . 
  if there is no room to speculate i do n't bother to think about it . 
  if you put spaces in front of !, 
  and : , i assume that you 're french . 
  typical english slang ? 
  british . 
  typical mistakes i sometimes do ? 
  german . 
  fucking up conjugations a lot in a way that seem odd to me ? 
  scandinavian . 
  yes and no . 
  hitler tried to build his propaganda around the idea of giving the germans some kind of underlying identity that was pretty much taken through the christians and charlemagne who became the proper king of the frankish empire with support from the pope and therefore had to eliminate everything that was left in frankish society from the old pagan believes . 
  so , he kind of built a cult around the idea of old pagan religions and that 's why you see runes and shit on nazi uniforms . 
  and obviously , the far right extremists have taken those symbols as well . 
  there are also some racist groups who have taken paganism and wrapped it around the idea that it is the religion of the ( northern ) european white folks ( that obviously also includes americans with this sort of ancestry ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germanic_neopaganism#racial_issues there 's a link about that . 
  it 's a subset of neopaganism and not the standard . 
  i 'm not sure but i 'd think that most see it as followers of shamanism in the us ( native american stuff ) . 
  it 's still `` their '' native religion but they welcome foreigners that want to know more about it or live by it ( though , as far as i know , there are more followers of shamanism in europe than in the us so it 's kind of a weird example ) . 
  what i 've seen in documentaries and such , the followers of those religions seemed to be pretty nice and just trying to have a good time around a community . 
  why is it not good ? 
  if people find a sense of community in it and agree with the ideas ( the pagans were and are a lot less strict on their believes than modern christians and are made up of small sects that are all similarly legitimate . 
  they 're also a lot more sane and believe in stuff like respecting nature and this sort of thing instead of the twisted logic you see from extreme christians . 
  also , their gods are a lot more passive . 
  it 's a very modern thing to believe that god is a very active entity . 
  the pagans and earlier christians believed that god or the gods guide and aide you but you 're the one that had to act . 
  a good example for that are duels where god is supposed to kill the person that is wrong or guilty . 
  that would be a bad idea for pagans . 
  odin or whoever might side you in combat but if you 're not doing your best you still lose and if the enemy is much stronger odin ca n't do shit to help you ) , i do n't see a reason why they should n't . 
  in sorry that i wrote so much in brackets but i 'm on my phone and ca n't be bothered to change that now . 
  yep, 
  oh yeah forgot about that one . 
  none . 
  even karneval is more shame than fame . 
  it also only delivers to the us . 
  can you read beowulf in its original ? 
  ancient greek is roughly 2000 years older than the english of beowulf . 
  yeah but your post sounds like we could just rip people 's eyes out if we get shoved around which is not true . 
  that 's not true . 
  you are supposed to use the least amount of force that will protect you . 
  so if somebody shovels you , you ca n't just slice him open . 
  but you do n't have to get yourself hurt if the only force you can apply is out or proportion . 
  so if you are just getting rid of a tree in your harden and you still have the chainsaw running in your hand and then somebody comes into your garden , grabs you and wants to hit you , using the chain saw would be the only way to defend yourself . 
  but if somebody is stealing your shoes from your porch or something like that , you ca n't just get the chain saw . 
  or the artillery shell . 
  except if the dude is pointing a gun at you and you just happen to have artillery aimed at him . 
  yep . 
  all stars are the only shoes i can get for under 100 $ in my size . 
  i think the generally similar things are because of the shared history though . 
  just look at ireland or wales or brittany or the recently revived pagan religions in iceland and some parts of scandinavia . 
  if we would n't have crusaded as much as we did , we might be very different . 
  and luckily , some people care about the old traditions and revived them in the recent past . 
  to the case you mentioned : as far as i remember , the dude had his garage open , a hand bag in sight and then shot into the dark garage once he heard something . 
  i 'd consider that murder . 
  if i 'd have seen that garage , i 'd probably go in there as well . 
  an open garage and a handbag laying on the ground ? 
  who knows what happened !, 
  maybe somebody got robbed and is unconscious . 
  maybe somebody fell in the dark garage and needs help . 
  maybe somebody just forgot to close the garage and you want to close it to make sure nobody steals something . 
  since nobody has guns in germany readily available to defend their home ( you can actually get guns quite easily but they have to be locked away ) , you could explain any misunderstanding . 
  actually , people would probably be happy that somebody in the neighbourhood would take a look if something is suspicious . 
  you can never know when somebody actually needs help and the fact that there are people giving a damn is comforting . 
  to guns in general : i do n't see the need for it . 
  it happens quite rarely that somebody breaks into your house . 
  if somebody would try to murder you , then good luck shooting him before he shoots you . 
  rape ? 
  a park is a much `` better '' place to try to rape somebody . 
  but usually , even our streets are quite save . 
  even in my city which has the second highest crime rates in the state ( or country ?
