  saying that germans `` rolled over '' because of mcdonalds is like saying america rolled over for germany because you drive german cars . 
  mcdonalds is not even considered proper food by most people . 
  the pirates are probably a party i 'd rather give my second vote and put them with a few seats into the bundestag . 
  but you do n't want to many of them because they take away seats for the people who actually have ideas for solutions for a lot of problem instead of a single one . 
  i think most isps announced that they have done as the judges demanded . 
  did n't the federal court pretty much responded with `` what the hell is this shit ? '', 
  to the vorratsdatenspeicherung ? 
  yes . 
  my mother is like that ... `` x $ for a y ? 
  that 's x * 2 mark ! '', 
  well , that would n't be porn in germany . 
  but this is http://vimeo.com/44136469 rammstein - pussy, 
  you 're american so your life is n't affected as much as the live of other europeans . 
  but language is a good indicator and affects you . 
  as you may know , there is only the neutral gender in english . 
  that was n't always the case . 
  english had indeed masculine , feminine and neutral nouns . 
  so how does this affect people in a country ? 
  well , let 's take the word `` the bridge '' . 
  in german , it 's `` die br\u00fccke '' and it 's feminine . 
  in french , it 's `` le pont '' which is a masculine noun . 
  so if there are local news about a new bridge that has been built , the news describe the bridge with feminine adjectives in germany ( like beautiful and graceful ) while the french describe it with masculine adjectives ( like strong ) . 
  gender affects with what you associate objects ( yes ... they do n't have pink bits . 
  the grammatical gender has nothing to do with the natural gender but we still associate objects with their gender to some extend ) to a point where the idea of a beautiful cup for me as a german would be closer to a beautiful woman than a handsome man . 
  the vikings invaded britain . 
  most people spoke old norse ( or just norse as it was called then ) and old english ( or just english ) . 
  genders were n't the same in both languages so people started to just use the neutral gender . 
  language was n't regulated . 
  so instead of separating both languages , the more important one ( so the language of the invaders ) influenced the other one . 
  this is the small thing that influences news you read , books you read , how authors use language and so on . 
  the same happened in iceland . 
  the danes invaded and forced the icelandic population to speak danish . 
  so what happened when the danes buggered off again ? 
  the icelandic people had a language reform which basically put the language back centuries . 
  people in school read 1000 years old stories . 
  the culture of iceland would have been shaped very differently if those poems and novels were as hard to access as old english or old german poems are today . 
  there is a bunch of different literature in icelandic because the danes invade . 
  after all , there are 320k people in iceland and language is one of the small things they have exclusively for themselves . 
  it 's a bit like when americans tell their children that they can be everything they want . 
  even us president . 
  the fact that your president is internationally relevant makes your country special and so does the language in iceland now . 
  now , let 's take a look at germany where i actually know what 's going on with the people . 
  it obviously is n't anymore but because their culture is still close to danish culture , they feel a bit danish . 
  that goes so far that there are political groups that think that they should be a part of denmark . 
  a lot of people are bilingual . 
  there are danish schools in schleswig-holstein . 
  the people will feel more at home in denmark as they would in bavaria . 
  then , there is my home city . 
  napoleon paid us a visit . 
  we got civil rights through napoleon ( which got taken away after he left because the prussians were a bunch of cunts ) . 
  from november to february , we celebrate karneval which is `` managed '' ( i ca n't really find the word for it . 
  there are the central figure of our celebrations ) by the elferrat which could be translated to `` the council of the eleven '' . 
  they are also eleven men . 
  but the name actually comes from napoleon . 
  stands for egalit\u00e9 , libert\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 which means equality , liberty , brotherliness and this elferrat was also representing the civil population and their rights . 
  history changes things like language . 
  which then changes how people think . 
  which changes how authors write and what you read ( either because the author wrote differently because of the language itself or what kind of literature you can read because the language was handled differently ) . 
  look at lord of the rings . 
  if you read the books , you might notice that a forest is always called `` woods '' except the old forest which is , well , called `` forest '' . 
  woods has germanic roots . 
  forest has latin roots . 
  because of the influences from the norman invasion , tolkien had the possibility to indicate a difference between every normal forest in his world and this specific old forest . 
  this is not possible in german which is relatively free from foreign influences . 
  history also shapes culture and traditions . 
  karneval is the most important celebration in my city . 
  something that we are famous for ( especially main , cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf ) . 
  that napoleon did n't fuck us up is the reason we still use the elferrat as a central figure . 
  in cologne , it 's the dreigestirn which means something like `` the 3 stars '' . 
  those are 3 men and one is dressed up as a woman . 
  one of them is the prinz ( prince ) and represents the karneval itself and rules over the `` n\u00e4rrische volk '' ( something like foolish or clownish people ) . 
  he was also once called `` hero '' . 
  the next man is the bauer ( farmer ) and represents the liberation of the city against the arch bishop of cologne . 
  the woman is the jungfrau ( virgin ) represents mutter colonia ( mother colonia . 
  colonia was the name of a roman empress that founded the city together with her husband in 50ad ) and is protecting the people of the city . 
  there 's also a friendly rivalry between cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf because the bloody arch bishop around 750 years ago did n't want us ( d\u00fcsseldorf ) to become a city and the duke of berg said `` well , suck it then '' and we won a civil war and became a city . 
  this hate evolved to friendly rivalry and is most present in karneval , beer and sports . 
  that got longer than i expected but i hope you see my point . 
  even if you do n't want to live `` in the past '' or `` in history '' , it still affected my live and the live of many europeans a lot more than one would expect . 
  sure , that small language thing is less important in the us but it affected others a lot more and the present would look very differently without history . 
  and those are just a bunch of examples i can think of . 
  i 'm sure there is a lot more even in the us . 
  edit : the dreigestirn or at least the tradition of the prince goes back to 1823 . 
  edir2 : more precise information on iceland : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1gler3/how_do_you_feel_about_people_lumping_in_europe_as/canh0h3 thanks to / u/gifos, 
  fuck it ... 
  it 's like arguing with a wall . 
  you are still not getting it , do you ? 
  nobody tries to keep the past alive . 
  quite the opposite actually ( which you would know if you actually cared about your heritage ) . 
  history influences societies and those influences then evolve with the culture . 
  there were more or less successful attempts to erase those influences from the cultures but that obviously did n't work . 
  it 's tough that you as a dane actually say that . 
  every country close to denmark or even further away like iceland was highly influenced by danish culture which is very relevant to this day . 
  instead of bragging with your beloved heritage , you should look up some danish history and the consequences it had and has on germany , iceland , norway . 
  this is the most ridiculous comment i 've seen in the whole thread . 
  and i want to apologise that we have n't thrown our languages away and rather learnt the language of relevant countries . 
  which also influences your live right now or do you think it is a coincidence that there are personal pronounce for male , female and neutral but only one actual gender in english ? 
  one of your quoted comments says that the writer things that european countries are more different than the us states which is true ( and you 've said that as well ) . 
  the other said `` maybe '' . 
  nobody said straight up that the us is a homogeneous society .
