  in my opinion , and this subreddit is very left so i suppose most people here agree , i 'd say that they are . 
  the problem with black people is that their skin colour makes it really obvious that there 's some sort of migration background . 
  there also are n't that many black people in germany so you do n't get the same effect you get with turks where they just blend in and it becomes normal to always have some turks around . 
  a lot of black people say that they are still considered foreign even if they are n't . 
  i do n't know how common that is but enough black people feel like it that it 's a problem . 
  but to me , there 's no question . 
  they are european . 
  what 's kind of funny is that there seems to be a larger afro-german identity which is something you rarely see from other minorities . 
  usually , you identify as the cultural group your family belongs to if you do n't identify as 100 % german . 
  i assume there just are n't enough black people in germany to have the same sort of community around the identity so they just stick together based on skin colour . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  just to put this into perspective , the best way to learn middle high german is to learn the sound shifts ( which are marked in modern transcriptions of the originals . 
  r\u00eech = long i which became the ei diphthong = reich = realm ) and then read a text side by side . 
  german changed so little that it 's comparable to shakespeare . 
  do n't tell them !, 
  damn theresa !, 
  back at it again with the disregard for human rights !, 
  if i remember correctly , that 's why we got rid of it in germany . 
  the alternative to military service was `` social service '' . 
  like , helping out in a hospital or something like that . 
  but it basically was n't paid at all so either they made everybody do military service , which you ca n't because you can just claim to be opposed to military service due to religious reasons and get out of it , pay those people properly , which is too expensive especially since you have to train new people every year if you want them to do work actually worth paying , or they got rid of military service which is what they did . 
  not like it was hard to get out of military service . 
  i got out of it by having flat feet . 
  i think a positive drug test also got you out of it . 
  also a bit of an idiot about anything but history . 
  every time he talks about languages i just want to punch a wall . 
  bavaria was down the shitter for a while and is not quite high up there . 
  now they 're complaining about spending money to help other states even though they were always a burden . 
  oh boy here we go ... french , japanese , norwegian , spanish , korean , irish , polish , hebrew , basque , navajo , xhosa , latin , ancient greek , old norse , old english and esperanto are the languages i thought about learning or have learnt and i 've bought books about a good amount of them . 
  i ca n't stick to one ... 
  i was focusing a lot on japanese in uni but then switched to korean because of kanji but i care more about japanese so i 'm probably going to pick that up again since i 'm done with uni now . 
  i might slip spanish in there somehow . 
  really hard to figure out in germany because it 's so easy to abuse your opinion for politics . 
  like , you support israel : `` oh my god !, 
  the holocaust was ages ago !, 
  stop sucking up to them ! '' . 
  you support palestine : `` nazi !, 
  nazi ! '', 
  i 'd say amongst my friends , the general consensus is that israel has a right to exist but the settlements are shit and they need to get their shit together . 
  i think if i 'd really start a proper discussion and push the issue , most people would agree to a 2 state solution simply because so much shit has been happening with the middle east and the us and israel as an ally of the us getting money and bibi being a right wing cunt . 
  it just seems too hard to guarantee peace in a one state solution . 
  fight fight fight !, 
  \\* slips joko a knife \\* ^ ^ do ^ ^ the ^ ^ right ^ ^ thing ... 
  * grateful to denmark for taking good care of schleswig ... ^ ^ soon ... * grateful to poland for vodka and crazy women . 
  * grateful to the czech republic for giving us beer competition * grateful to aus ** cough cough ** holy shit i 'm getting sick . 
  where was i ? 
  * grateful to swi ** cough !!!, 
  ** god dammit i need some cough medicine ... back to business . 
  * grateful to france for being bffs now after centuries of war . 
  your food is great and your accent is cute . 
  now stop being bad at football . 
  it 's boring if we have nobody else for banter . 
  * i forgot luxembourg . 
  thanks for that video of juncker slapping politicians ? 
  i do n't know shit about luxembourg ... 
  takes one to know one !, 
  you know you fucked up if that 's the only good thing your neighbours can say about you . 
  at least our neighbours mention beer and jobs . 
  they 'd probably think we 're joking when they see the eu labour laws like 20 days paid holiday . 
  the canadians do something similar with french and english but there it 's mostly about language i think . 
  apparently , americans with german heritage hide a pickle in the christmas tree and think that 's a german tradition ... 
  it 's kind of the opposite . 
  through war , migration and other political stuff they kind of became inseparable from europe . 
  put some boring country like canada down there with the same cultural differences as between turkey and europe and nobody would consider `` turkey-canada '' european . 
  and we can be like that again !, 
  there was an egyptian guy in / r/askhistorians asking about black people in egypt because on a trip to the us , african americans told him that they were the real egyptians . 
  also , dreadlocks . 
  the romans described germanic people as having hair like snakes because white people hair just turn into dread locks if you have the hygiene of an average barbarian . 
  but every now and then you see people on the internet losing their minds about white people with dreads . 
  thanks !, 
  i might ask that in some country specific subreddits again ... argentina is pretty far south but now i want to know what other people think about that . 
  i could imagine that americans think about that differently since they 're a bit closer to the us . 
  ah so it 's more like what we have in europe where shared history and politics and culture created an identity and latinos ( as in , in the states ) reduce it to `` my grandma was from latin america . 
  therefore , i 'm latino ! '' ? 
  one last question : how important is language to you ? 
  i could not take somebody seriously who gives a damn about his german ancestry but could n't speak the language . 
  what about latinos who ca n't speak spanish ? 
  is that something you find weird or off ? 
  :( we just bbq in ours and fight with management because we do n't plant enough vegetables and our bushes are n't neat enough . 
  also , at least in the `` park '' we used to own a garden , the germans grew kind of tired of them and immigrants took over . 
  it 's kind of funny how you used to see a bunch of football club flags or city flags and 1 or 2 german flags flying on flag poles when you go through the park . 
  now it 's all turkish or russian flags ( and football club flags beneath them ) and you hear a lot of different languages and a bunch of brown kids running around or riding their bikes just like i used to :d integration !, 
  nobody who is n't german could endure the madness that are kleinkartenvereine !, 
  hitler 's wife ... 
  i think it 's mostly a weird view on what 's white . 
  i think they also do n't really consider italians white and everybody who might naturally have a skin colour darker than snow is automatically not white . 
  greeks , italians , spaniards , portuguese and so on . 
  that , combined with the idea that all european countries are internally the same and the huge focus on race in their culture , might make them think that if one of you can be `` not white '' , none of you are white . 
  like , some spaniards in germany just go really dark as soon as there 's a bit of sun . 
  probably some mixing from the arab conquest ? 
  who knows . 
  i do n't know how much they mixed with the native population . 
  but somebody from the basque country probably burns as much as we do in germany . 
  but if identity revolves around skin colour `` until specified otherwise '' ( jewish for example ) , having somebody as white as snow also identify as spanish as much as a darker spaniard from tv just does n't work . 
  really , i 've given up on american identity stuff when i heard about the german christmas pickle . 
  question : do you even have a latino identity in latin america or are you guys as much confused about what the americans came up with in terms of identity as we europeans are ? 
  plot twist : chicken d\u00f6ner !, 
   do you have orange soda ? 
  we invented fanta !, 
   is pizza a thing in germany ?
