  if you 're in germany in january , it 's above freezing but because it 's so humid , you feel like you 're freezing solid and die but you wo n't . 
  our doctors come to the uk for better hours , romanian doctors come here to germany for better pay , nobody goes to romania . 
  probably similar with many professions . 
  idiot . 
  literally . 
  schengen is what allows refugees to get through the eu without border checks . 
  you 're not part of the schengen area . 
  you do your own border checks . 
  freedom of movement is what allows eu citizens to live in any other eu country . 
  it 's not a thing that affects anything physically . 
  it has literally nothing to do with border control . 
  it also has literally no affect on non-eu migration . 
  first step would be to inform yourself . 
  you 're not part of the schengen area . 
  you are the one in control of your borders . 
  also , the uk is one of the most powerful countries in the eu . 
  you could actually change the union but you continue to elect people that would rather stay passive . 
  none of your concerns make sense . 
  oh , and you wo n't get free movement . 
  the swiss were n't allowed to cherry pick either . 
  actually , not that bad . 
  it 's a schinkenbrot and not a schinkensandwich in german and it 's a tasse tee and not a tasche tee ( that 's a bag of tea as in tasche means bag and not a literal tea bag which would be teebeutel ) and `` ich war im urlaub in r\u00fcgen '', 
  university degrees are different . 
  we usually do n't accept those from countries where the level of education is not acceptable . 
  i knew a dude from russia who went to our school ( like sixth form in the uk ) and he had a russian engineering degree . 
  he did n't know shit . 
  so russian degrees are sometimes not accepted due to questionable legitimacy . 
  especially older degrees . 
  in terms of trade skills , germany still has the old guild system in place . 
  obviously modernised but it 's still the same , essentially . 
  after school ( usually 16 y/o at this point ) , you become an apprentice . 
  that takes around 3 years . 
  then you can legitimately work in that job and know everything you need to know and can take other exams until you have your meister which means you can start your own business . 
  it 's an awful lot of work , an awful lot of learning and an awful lot of stress . 
  takes a really long time . 
  but because of that , most people also see a degree and a trade skill as equal . 
  like , not in terms of qualifications because they are for different professions , usually . 
  but more in terms of respect deserved for your education . 
  but if you 're from a country without such a system , you 've got nothing like that and it 's really hard to find a job . 
  as far as the employers are concerned , you 're just a tiny bit better than somebody fresh out of secondary school even if you already worked in that job for 10 + years . 
  almost all of the canadians live very close to the us border . 
  80 % of the canadians live further south than berlin . 
  the vast majority of canada is literally snow , cold and bears . 
  i do n't even understand why the uk is so passive . 
  you could literally turn the whole thing around . 
  the uk can actually do that . 
  iceland and norway ? 
  sure , i get that . 
  iceland depends on fishing and norway has a lot of oil . 
  they would rather play it save and keep to themselves . 
  but the uk could literally shape the eu in whatever way they want . 
   ttip because if there 's one country known for not sucking cock for the americans , it 's the uk . 
   and all the other fun stuff that comes with the eu most of which was law in the uk before and then just got implemented on an eu level . 
   like the unrestricted immigration eu immigration is a net positive for the uk economy . 
  non-eu immigration is a matter for the member states not the eu . 
  i 'm not a social media-ist , but we should just send him back from where he came from !, 
  just a concerned redditior . 
  nothing more !, 
   redditor for 13 days, 
  where do you live that you have both ? 
  i usually hear about either people being horrible to immigrants or everybody speaking english . 
  i want to hug you now :(, 
  how do you call that hair `` style '' in the netherlands ? 
  we call it vokuhila ( vorne kurz , hinten lang meaning short on the front side , long on the back side ), 
  dat hardcore at the end . 
  yes . 
  if you 're somebody 's bitch and that somebody is somebody else 's bitch than you are that dude 's bitch as well . 
  in the books , saruman fucked over the shire . 
  rural england got fucked by thatcher . 
  so we 're not the only ones suffering . 
  good to know . 
   when it 's political then not too great , but this is symptomatic for the german speaking internet very true . 
  after having played on international servers in world of warcraft , i just ca n't go back to the german ones . 
  there is always one fucking asshole everybody hates and that is just annoying and , for some fucking reason , a third of the players have weird gimmicky names and they 're always bitching in public chat channels or the forums and i do n't know why ... 
  the german internet is a lot more hostile than the english one . 
  at least if you stay in europe ( considering that a lot of my interactions with non-germans happened and happens in region specific games ) . 
  did you play wow in french ? 
  is the french translation as shitty as the german one ? 
  everything translated literally and just awkward sounding ? 
  i always wondered if we 're the only ones getting shafted on that one . 
  damn austrians/luxembourgers/swiss taking our forums and games !, 
  no , seriously , you have a lot of those running around , of course . 
  the luxembourgers usually hang out in the german internet especially with games . 
  the luxembourgers i 've asked said that they do n't know anybody that prefers the french internet . 
  in terms of non-natives , i 've seen some people that wanted to learn german . 
  one of them being a chinese dude that studied in germany . 
  that kind of sounds like apfelsaft mit schuss for some reason . 
  the thread was actually on 88 % just a few minutes ago so it 's going down quite quickly . 
  yeah why would i not like to be friends a bunch of racist parrots repeating what mister `` l\u00fcgenpresse ! '', 
  tells them to . 
  for the same reason why i got rid of the antifa idiots on my friends list . 
  extremists can go fuck themselves . 
  always . 
  i already cleaned my facebook account of the antifa idiots years ago . 
  i do n't accept any kind of extremism and i do n't associate with extremists of any kind . 
  what do you call a schorle in the mountains ? 
  it 's kind of stupid in germany ... like , everything depends so much on you grades from your last degree that a foreign country is sometimes the only way . 
  it 's virtually impossible to study medicine or psychology in germany without having a perfect abitur . 
  but , as far as my own experience goes , taking an exam and knowing your stuff are two different things . 
  i fucked up some exams in uni here ( computer science ) but , unlike many other students , i am actually able to use whatever i have learnt in those classes .
