  and roma . 
  therefore , all roma are criminals ! '', 
  which makes discussion harder than it needs to be . 
  we still have some sinti in germany . 
  they 've been here for like 600 years . 
  probably longer than some of the fuckers ' families who are complaining about them now ... 
  but using `` rest of the world '' as a reference point is not helpful in this case . 
  thank god for immigration laws . 
  i 'd rather the uk actually gets involved . 
  right now , the uk is that whiny little brat that does n't do shit . 
  this is not helping anybody on either side . 
  what i want is that the uk makes a decision and then actually goes through with it . 
  either they leave the eu and stay away or they stay and actually get involved in eu business . 
  from a. . . well ... 
  i suppose less political side , it would be sad to see the uk leave . 
  i do n't see much reason to see the uk as anything but european and the brits as european people even though it sometimes seems to be more like they wished they were an island in the atlantic ocean far away from anybody . 
  they were involved in european history for centuries and i see them as an integral part of european culture . 
  from a political point of view , the uk made the eu a more balanced place . 
  france , germany and the uk were leading the eu one always acting as a fuse to some extend . 
  if either the uk , germany or france did n't agree to something , it did n't happen ( that 's a simplification , of course ) . 
  then the uk decided that it 's none of their business anymore , france got hit by the economy crisis too hard which meant that they just did n't have the economical power to influence the eu as much as before and now germany is alone there . 
  and nobody wants that . 
  i do n't trust my government to fuck it up . 
  so , the uk should stay but it makes no sense for the uk to stay if they keep themselves in limbo . 
  where you actually should go is / r/france you 'll probably not get much in terms of cultural difference from mostly american subreddits and here you need to vote that a frenchman comes by . 
  how is that an issue ? 
  what americans do best is creating consumer products . 
  however , the basis of android is finnish ( android is just another linux distribution ) , the cpu is designed by brits ( arm ) and manufactured by koreans ( samsung i assume . 
  or was it qualcomm which is taiwanese ? ) . 
  the software is written in a language designed in sweden ( sun ) developed in an ide by a russian company sitting in the czech republic ( android studio by jetbrains ) and probably uses git ( again , finnish . 
  same developer as linux ) for versioning . 
  and the americans put that all together and give you a product that 's actually fun to use . 
  sure , it would be nice to have a european company behind everything just because i do n't trust either google or apple with my data but it 's not like only american companies are developing current technology . 
  yeah it 's that sort of `` you lost your job so now you have to get out of the old mindset and be hip and cool and modern ! '', 
  so they throw english words at you which sound completely pathetic if you actually speak english . 
  in general i hate that useless language mixing . 
  i do code switch with friends that speak english well ( code switching is basically mixing two languages just because . 
  like , sometimes , you hear turkish on a train here in germany and then you hear `` bushaltestelle '' ( bus stop in german ) because the german word popped into their mind quicker than the turkish one . 
  i do that with english sometimes ) but i do n't use english words because it 's `` cool '' but because it 's more convenient . 
  nobody uses those terms though . 
  like , after the job centre got you a job as a `` facility manager '' , you 'd still call yourself a hausmeister . 
  most : french . 
  not sure about least . 
  check out german berufliche gymnasien or berufsschulen . 
  it 's all abitur or fachabitur ( what you need to study at a uni or fachhochschule ) but with an apprenticeship . 
  my german teacher switched to a berufskolleg because she could n't be bothered with the annoying teenagers anymore and abitur is all 16 + and on berufsschulen even older because a lot of people use them to get back to school . 
  it 's certainly a different atmosphere compared to usual schools . 
  teachers even defaulted to using the formal form of addressing . 
  sometimes with last name , sometimes with first name . 
  but rarely did people assume that they could just address us informally whilst we had to be formal . 
  but be careful . 
  berufsschulen also offer the `` i fucked up school and now i 'm doing this because nobody else wants me '' sort of courses . 
  you want to teach ahr or fhr classes . 
  that is in germany , north-rhine westphalia . 
  the education system varies from state to state . 
  not at all . 
  it 's either to be `` cool '' ( ads or catch phrases and , for some reason , job centres use it to sell shitty jobs . 
  the janitor is not a hausmeister ( master of the house ) anymore but a facility manager ) . 
  some people try to argue that music plays a role in that but if you do n't understand the lyrics it just becomes another instrument . 
  in fact , i still have trouble understanding music . 
  as a whole , your reputation went down the drain after the torture stuff . 
  especially since people started to connect the dots differently now . 
  they might have ignored the pledge of allegiance before but now it gets more consideration, 
  no nationalism equals racism . 
  period . 
  there is no way to be nationalistic without being a bigot from a european perspective . 
  however , we do have patriotism in germany that is more focused on people . 
  like , you would n't take bride in your country ( e.g. 
  `` look how awesome germany is '' ) but take pride in the people ( e.g. '', 
  look what awesome things that dude did '' ) . 
  it 's easier to get a german angry by insulting a german author than insulting the nation . 
  i highly prefer that kind of patriotism because it does n't have boundaries since you do n't specifically cheer for a country . 
  i can just as easily be `` patriotic '' towards a frenchman as i am towards a german . 
  it does n't exclude anybody and does n't limit who you include . 
  nationalism always has that bitter aftertaste of `` look how much better we are than those other people '', 
  you get a lot of snark here but i think you should still get a proper response . 
  basically , if you ignore the snark , everything said here is true . 
  nobody will care . 
  nobody would even notice . 
  nobody will think about `` jewish facial features '' ( saying that there is such a thing gets you in a good amount of trouble pretty quickly in germany depending on how you word it . 
  this is generally seen as very anti-semitic ) . 
  you are probably saver in the middle of paris or berlin-neuk\u00f6lln ( a lot of muslims there ) than in the middle of a big american city . 
  not because you 're jewish but because we generally do n't shoot at each other . 
  since you said you wanted to go to school in germany , i guess it 's important to say that even jews do n't care here about their `` jewishness '' . 
  most jews in germany are eastern europeans and atheists . 
  in fact , there was one jew in / r/de who found `` back to his roots '' , so to speak , and his parents need to hide their smirk when he refuses to eat pork . 
  so you 'd fit right in , depending on how you are as a person ( i 've seen people describe themselves as `` not really religious '' on reddit and then still say how they do things that would be considered pretty extreme in germany ) . 
  that one jewish guy i just talked about is also worried about anti-semitism so he 'd run around with a t-shirt that has a pikatchu on it with a hat and those locks religious jews have ( sorry , do n't know what they 're called ) and below it , it says `` pickajew '' . 
  his reasoning is that if he 's that open with his jewishness , every anti-semite would immediately out himself as such . 
  he never had a bad response though . 
  if you want a piece of advice , i 'd stay in west germany or berlin . 
  i 'd suggest that to everybody , though . 
  the east has shown a very ugly face recently . 
  not everybody ( the normal people still out weight the racists in most of the east ) but enough people that i 'd not recommend it if you want the best experience you can have . 
  again , i 'd recommend that even to dutch of french people . 
  so , to summarise , you 're fine . 
  you should still not mention your jewishness but not because it 's dangerous but because literally nobody would care at all ( and as somebody said it , even the nazis would see you as non-jewish ) . 
  also , i tried to find the name of the jewish guy but it seems like he made his reddit account only for that ama . 
  i think this post just combines everything that 's going on on this subreddit . 
  apart from travel advice , we had a lot of `` muh genes '' stuff , `` are you guys all racist because i 've heard about football hooligans doing x '' , `` am i safe because of the mean refugees raping me because they 're obviously not normal human beings '' or `` i 'm x/y < german , french , swedish , whatever  and i 'm worried my culture will die because you let the refugees in ! '',
