  bastard axed more students in theoretical computer science with his formal languages in my uni than de l'h\u00f4pital with his limits in the indeterminate form in calculus 1 . 
  people always say it works but in my opinion , if you go out of the touristy areas , it gets quite hard . 
  also , even though a good amount of germans speak english , many only do because english and german are closely related languages . 
  they do n't feel as comfortable with the language as other europeans like the dutch , where you hear it on tv constantly . 
  so , it might get pretty lonely because as the only english speaking guy , you might unintentionally get left out when you 're in a group . 
  i 'd recommend everybody to learn german that wants to live in germany . 
  if you give poland to asia , those guys ( except austria ) need to go as well . 
  this one again ? 
  stop listening to the stormfront guys in / r/worldnews and / r/europe . 
  those people got fucked hard and need help . 
  and we can help . 
  there is a reason why journalists in germany flip shit because of the shit you read on the internet . 
  those guys have been in those regions . 
  they know what 's up there . 
  that 's why they react so strongly . 
  the bbc app allows you to have a widget for headlines specific to a certain region . 
  quite easy to at least keep track of big stuff that is not quite big enough to show up in the global section . 
  you 're coming to a weird place , though . 
  people here are not your average european . 
  a lot of people wo n't have heard about him especially the ones that do n't waste their time in the english part of the internet . 
  start teaching a foreign language in primary school . 
  you can avoid english entirely in germany but a good amount of people still speak it . 
  once you give people a good grasp of the basics of the language , the rest is easy . 
  like , you 'll see a lot of people saying that they learnt english `` just with video games '' which is simply not true most of the time . 
  you get a good grasp of the language in school . 
  video games are just the immersion and exposure to the language that you need to actually internalise it and be able to communicate . 
  so , start early and tell people in school where to get stuff in whatever language they teach . 
  it 's probably gon na be french , german or spanish so that 's not a problem . 
  where i 'm from , being public with anything but not eating pork gets you laughed at as well . 
  well , he 's a web dev so that might be different in that industry . 
  but at least he can get around in the netherlands with english . 
  in the touristy areas in germany and france you 'd be absolutely lost . 
  i do n't think anybody can answer that question . 
  most obvious answer is to stop voting the big parties but then again , that essentially burns your vote since your system is bullshit and probably also helps the republicans more which is the worst option for the most part . 
  but the cultural differences make this sort of question very hard to answer . 
  if congress would just start to do things the `` european way '' ( which essentially means scandinavian or dutch or french way , for the most part . 
  the brits are pretty conservative for european standards and we germans are pretty meh with anything , really . ), 
  over night , you 'd probably start a civil war . 
  or at least a couple of riots . 
  i guess the only real answer is : stop wanting to do what others do and rather try to change your system in a way that gets you towards what you like in other countries . 
  i think feminism is a good example . 
  we 're all on the internet here . 
  we all know that feminism in the us is essentially a product . 
  outrage = clicks or views = money . 
  so would it make sense to go full on germany ( kind of like the feminism we 've seen in eastern europe but not government policy ) ? 
  feminism in germany resulted in stuff like getting rid of our version of `` miss '' . 
  also , women in general would n't mind paying for the bill ( actually , it 's a bit old fashioned for a man to demand paying ) , you would rather meet at wherever you go and then also go back home separately ( meaning you 're not her dedicated driver ) . 
  or not . 
  who knows . 
  there are n't really rules for dating in germany anyway . 
  point is , our culture and our political situation is too different from yours to just say `` this is the right way to do it . 
  so do it '' . 
   also , how much of the blame is on us for what we have or have n't done ? 
  you 'd need to get a political party into power that is not full of idiots . 
  since your election system makes it impossible to do that without a good chunk of the population actually supporting such policies , i doubt progressive americans can be blamed here . 
  nope our government is full of idiots . 
  as long as the cdu is in power , nothing will change . 
  just hope that global warming is n't going to make the weather up north any better . 
  otherwise , the people from mallorca will come up north if the island get 's swallowed by the mediterranean . 
   government true  countryside : they all think it 's beautiful . 
  particularly scotland . 
  true but since midsomer murders runs on tv , my mother is totally into english villages . 
  probably because there 's a lot of incest and beating to death in that show so it does n't seem as boring as you 'd otherwise assume an english village to be . 
   history true  food : they all think it 's horrifically bad . 
  which is rich , coming from the germans . 
  they think paprika is really spicy and that pork must go with 90 % of all dishes . 
  which is still better than what you do !!!, 
   particularly the english accent in the case of the girls ( whether i 'm speaking english or german ) also true . 
  though , i feel like the women are more hit and miss . 
  it 's really easy to sound annoying as a woman with an english accent ( when speaking english ) but the men are pretty much always fine . 
  in general , i like the english accent a lot , though . 
   they do n't bat an eyelid about our sporting obsession with germany but that 's because many countries have that obsession with germany . 
  usually what happens when you do n't suck at football :d  germans only get excited when playing the netherlands [ that bastard ] ( http://www.express.de/image/view/2009/6/10/870368,533008,highres,maxh,480,maxw,480,dieses+bild+kennt+jeder+fu%25c3%259fball-fan+frank+rijkaard+spuckt+rudi+v%25c3%25b6l+%25287235628464%2529.jpg )  and to a lesser extent austria for some reason . 
  mountain germans . 
  the mountain people ca n't be better than us !, 
  basically , we are not very nationalistic because we do n't have time for that . 
  we have to shit talk each other . 
  only 8 hours in a day after work and sleep !, 
  ca n't do everything ... 
  but austria is just like another state . 
  it 's like bavaria on crack with independence . 
  so they get their fair share as well . 
  my teacher literally said like 3 sentences each week . 
  she 'd mention the topic we were supposed to talk about and then just shut up and maybe steer is in a certain direction . 
  of course if there was actually something to teach like when we were talking about islam and what islam actually and which things we associate with islam are actually just part of the local culture , she 'd talk more but we 'd usually pretty much just discuss things between each other . 
  literally my favourite class . 
  best grade every single semester . 
  and frau klett was the best teacher ever !, 
  that 's a good way to summarise them . 
  in germany , they 're usually split by religion to keep the classes small ( long story . 
  basically , that 's how it was done when you were taught a religion instead of learning about religion so they stuck with that system to keep classes small ) . 
  those subjects are supposed to be like pe . 
  pe is supposed to get you going physically to relax from studying . 
  those philosophy classes are supposed to do the same mentally . 
  you 're supposed to discuss ethics and cultures and your views with your class mates . 
  not really something to write home about though . 
  i mean , the vatican is a no-brainer . 
  https://www.youtube.com/user/arewefamousnow practising muslim from new york ( family from egypt ) . 
  also , native language seems to be arabic so , unlike most x-americans , he could probably at least make a case for himself being egyptian which seems to be closer to the turks here in germany . 
  this is pretty much how most turks here in germany are .
