  but be careful , they 've got something in their faq about career questions so read that first . 
  maybe they can direct you to a place where you might be able to find a job in europe . 
  obviously , the current situation in spain is not that fancy but maybe you can get something done somewhere else . 
  how 's your visa situation ? 
  it seems like you 're intending to work without actually paying taxes . 
  problem is , if you ca n't pose for a painter like what / u/guiscard described , you 're competing with people that do the sort of thing you can do for the same kind of money and they speak the local language . 
  i could get somebody to fix my computer , do my taxes , rub my shoulder , carry a table down the stairs , doodling penises for me and write my reddit comments for 50 $ or maybe just a beer . 
  i might as well find a junkie who fights his dragons in his head quite well as well . 
  just nobody to pet my cat . 
  that 's my job . 
  you ca n't have it . 
  there 's a fetish for everybody , mate . 
  look at an ethnic map of poland . 
  the number of germans dropped a lot after ww2 in the former german territory . 
  the same happened in k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  also the russians have always been good with replacing the local population with russians . 
  i think they 're already doing that again near the chinese border but that 's something i picked up a few days ago so do n't quote me on that . 
  i think the people in former k\u00f6nigsberg identify as russians but generally feel more european that the population in russia proper . 
  you 've edited your post !, 
  i thought you were saying something like `` well not all americans say the pledge ! '', 
  which is why i just quoted that part of my comment . 
  now my response makes little sense : /, 
  i think a certain somebody is jealous because our food is awesome !!, 
   i do not hate americans . 
  i dislike certain groups of people . 
  then you 're not a part of that group, 
  i did not say it was mainstream . 
  i also said that it has nothing to do with americans but that those are the kind of people i do n't want to deal with ( regardless their nationality ) . 
  and you do n't need to go to sas to see this sort if thing . 
  in fact i chose to not include stuff i 've exclusively seen on sas . 
  i 'm not saying that americans have to . 
  but there were some people on reddit i 've talked to that wanted to learn a language ( just for fun or because they might want to emigrate some day . 
  something like that ) but family and friends actively discouraged them because `` you already speak english . 
  no need for another language because * everybody speaks english * '' which is simply not true . 
  i find the idea to discourage people to learn anything on their free time to be utterly ridiculous and i 'd call out europeans who say something like this as well . 
  like i said , i do n't hate americans , i dislike certain groups of people that seem to be quite present in the us but that does n't mean that i 'm not bothered but this sort of people in other countries . 
  say please when you ask people to do something for you . 
  that 's something to keep in mind for all of europe . 
  it was n't my intention to be rude ( well , except the whiney bitch part because the response from op to another comment was so stereotypical again ... ) . 
  what else makes me look rude ? 
  well , straight question means straight answer . 
  you 're dutch . 
  you should know how that works :d, 
  i do n't hate americans i just do n't like america all that much . 
  / u/politeandperverse gave a good basic idea of the situation . 
  i do n't like the patriotism and everything related to that . 
  especially not the pledge . 
  i do n't like how much some of you guys act like whiney little bitches as soon as criticism comes up . 
  you provided a very good example of that here in this thread . 
  i hate how `` doomed if we do , doomed is the do n't '' is constantly brought up in the recent discussions about ukraine . 
  comparing the unjustified iran situation and the deserved criticism with russia stomping into a sovereign country to which the us promised that it will keep the borders as they are . 
  i hated the whining when the nsa thing got public and americans were completely ignoring that merkel got shit for everything she did as well . 
  it was just not so public on reddit . 
  i hate how every second thread seems to be `` i do n't think europeans realised how big and diverse the us is '' whilst americans who 've lived in many states all over the country say in the same thread that rural areas and urban areas are the same across the country just minor difference . 
  they get down voted , obviously . 
  i hate that people compare the differences between texas and washington with the differences between sweden and greece . 
  centuries of history and culture ignored for the sake of a stupid argument . 
  i hate how i have talked to americans who needed years to finally start learning another language because their folks told them not to . 
  i hate how you hear from frenchmen that americans get bitchy when the french do n't accept us dollars because `` they saved the french in ww2 '' . 
  i hate the cultural insensitivity and ignorance that comes from americans which means that `` stuff in country x works differently '' is not an acceptable excuse but `` dude in country x is just a mean cunt because he was n't licking my balls when i talked to him loudly and slowly in english instead of being sensitive '' . 
  i hate the stereotyping that comes from americans whilst europeans better not say anything against those stereotypes or give examples how stupid stereotypes are by providing stupid american stereotypes . 
  i hate that i ca n't even argue that europeans indeed associate `` champagne '' with `` sparking wine from the champagne '' instead of `` just sparkling wine '' without getting told to `` eat a cock , euro trash '' ( happened yesterday ) . 
  i hate that americans claim to have invented random shit that they clearly have n't and justify that with some random definition of the product like computers . 
  americans did n't invent the computers but they still claim they did even though older computers developed by the british or germans were able to do the same stuff a current computer can do . 
  just not as fast . 
  and before americans came up with that . 
  not that i said that the british or germans invented the computer . 
  a lot of people were involved in many of those inventions . 
  no nation can claim to have invented most things we use today . 
  i hate the religious nutters , the pro-gun idiots that immediately get a shit fit as soon as a discussion about that comes up , the pro-capitalist `` everything else is bullshit and universal healthcare is the devil 's work '' idiots . 
  i do not hate americans . 
  i dislike certain groups of people . 
  a lot of those groups are quite present in the us but i do n't judge a book by it 's cover . 
  the person itself matters . 
  i wo n't tell people to fuck off just because they 're americans . 
  i do n't think you can get it outside of the rheinland . 
  i have to agree with aschebecher . 
  mett and j\u00e4gerschnitzel is awesome . 
  http://www.marions-kochbuch.de/rezept/1683.htm basically , mashed potatoes with fried back pudding , mashed apples and fried onions . 
  most disgusting ? 
  not sure . 
  any kind of weird stinky fish . 
  pork in germany must go through very strict quality control . 
  usually , you 've got some weird things ( do n't know what it is exactly ) in pork which is why you should n't eat raw bacon in the us or other countries . 
  if you cook them , all those parasites or bacteria or whatever they are die and everything is fine . 
  since met is only seasoned and not cooked , the meat has to go through insane quality control . 
  even carrying the meat without it being covered in plastic from the street inside your store is illegal . 
  it has to be covered properly until it 's in your cooling unit . 
  edit : you also need a special licence to make mett and sell it . 
  not every butcher is allowed to make mett . 
  it does n't seem to be that organised . 
  big fan clubs usually have whole blocks they have season passes for . 
  usually , somebody shouts and then people shout the same thing or it 's ignored . 
  with that many people , it does n't matter if a few hundred shout something else so the most fitting chant is the one that is loud enough to be heard . 
  yes . 
  i do n't even have a licence . 
  i think it 's the same everywhere except in really rural areas . 
  but if you live somehow close to a city , you do n't need a car . 
  petrol and a car in general is so expensive that a ticket + taxi if public transport is not an option is cheaper than a car . 
   between the two cultures there is no european culture .
