  then the dutch ... that 's a bit like the weird cousin always mean when it 's about football ... and the bavarians who is the weird brother nobody actually wants to talk to and he does n't want to talk to us but he is still always there and tells us how he would just go and leave us but he just does n't want to piss off :( oh and do n't forget east germany who is the brother that was gone a long time but came back one day and now we 're together again < 3, 
   found a new bavarese empire !, 
  :( but the french hate everybody so that 's just a coincident . 
   but then , maybe national unity is more important than politics . 
  good luck in your quest !, 
  :p not if it involves the csu . 
  it 's like the weird religious uncle who tells you all kind of crazy shit . 
  that orange looks really red ... 
  edit : all bullshit . 
  mods , make the orange of the irish flag more orange ... 
  i was rambling about original pizza and stuff ... 
  i 'd rather have a european state than the current situation . 
  i can live with not being a as successful economy as we are today or having less power in europe . 
  we 've signed for joining the eu ( yes , we were blackmailed but whatever ) so we have to live with the consequences now . 
  it 's like a company . 
  a bunch of general happy employees are better for a company that having a bunch of unhappy and a bunch of happy employees ( because one part gets paid a lot worse than the others or whatever can make you unhappy as an employee ) . 
  i was recently in paris and the women look like they 'd break in half if you 'd touch them . 
  how do you do that ? 
  i could drown myself in your wine and eat your baguettes until i burst into little , fat pieces but you 're as thin as ... well ... a french woman ... 
  i need more than one nationality related description for people on reddit ... 
  * proper pizza, 
  oh the butt clinch . 
  `` why are you europeans always so mean to us . 
  that anti-american circlejerk is so annoying '', 
  then put such articles into a category like `` kind of interesting but not actually important '' those `` news '' are not supposed to be between the settlement of the israelis and putin being a dick again . 
  german birthrates are down because there are a ) not enough kinderg\u00e4rten and b ) the german job market is highly competitive . 
  a family that wants to have children has to make the decision about career vs family . 
  one parent has to stay home until you can get the child into a school . 
  that means 6 years of not paying into your pension insurance . 
  and then you 've got the problem that pensions are falling . 
  our system is based on constant birth rates so the young generations can support the old one . 
  so instead of `` do i want a successful career or do i want a family '' , the question should be `` do i want a successful career or do i want a family and deliver newspapers in my 70s because i ca n't afford neither medicine nor food '' . 
  if you want somebody who does n't push austerity , you do n't vote the cdu . 
  austerity worked to balance the german budget . 
  austerity in europe is basically the same thing that happens on germany all the time but on a larger scale . 
  the problem is , nobody will change anything . 
  german politicians are trying to stay save . 
  that 's why they get elected . 
  they do n't change already working stuff . 
  but now , the stuff is n't working anymore but people do n't realise because it has n't hit us in the face . 
  and the ard is doing news mostly free of propaganda . 
  saying german news like the one on rtl is doing propaganda is like saying fox news is doing propaganda . 
  it 's well known . 
  nobody should listen to them and educated people do n't . 
  since criticising greece for corruption results in a lot of angry comments by greeks which then kind of get confused because all of a sudden they think i meant corruption on a national level instead of a regional level and then try to save their arses by telling me that `` that 's just how it is '' , i 'll just say that we have beaten the french . 
  again !, 
  luckily , today 's german - french rivalry is mostly a matter of statistics and football which means that we do n't have to kill each other anymore which is great . 
  i love you french people !, 
  probably still the best solution . 
  think about one of the other crazy people as party leader . 
  well , they 're called neo-nazis . 
  but i think they 're mostly looking for a reason to be racist instead of getting back prussian territory . 
  they 're a lot more present in the east than in the west . 
  their party never gets behind the 5 % mark ( you do n't get seats in the parliament if you 're under 5 % ) in the federal elections . 
  they sometimes get seats in the east , though , but everybody is giving them a hard time . 
  it 's almost impossible for them to do anything officially as a party because nobody wants to deal with them . 
  i remember one time when they had a congress somewhere and booked hotel rooms as private persons but as soon as the hotel manager noticed who they are , he kicked them out again even though it 's illegal in germany to deny people an already booked hotel room . 
  in general , the lost war is considered a win for the german people . 
  i think `` overdone '' makes it more clear than `` sarcasm '', 
  what are you doing of you want to buy alcohol or cigarettes ? 
  i suppose retail worker in the uk have to check for the age as well . 
  do n't you have something that replaces your passport while inside the uk ( or eu ) ? 
  germany has got that small id card ( the new ones are like a credit card , the old ones a lot bigger ) that is an official identification method but not as expensive or important as a passport ( because it has no actual value if you do n't live in germany ) . 
  but we also have to be able to identify us any time so that might not be required in countries that do n't have such laws . 
  sadly , that 's not even sarcasm ... 
  and probably the spd because every time they throw more money at the greeks , the cdu loses a chunk of their support . 
  edit : of course , i mean greek banks and the government . 
  it should be clear that i do n't mean directly giving the money to greeks . 
  wurst won because he 's a drag queen with a beard . 
  i did n't study so i suppose my experience is not really a good indication . 
  yep ... tried to write comments there a few days ago . 
  probably going to unsubscribe soon ... 
  there are a few reasons . 
  in germany , english education is not that great either but there is almost nothing new for us in the english language . 
  like , apart from stuff like the continuous aspect ( i 'm going instead of i go ) , there is literally nothing that requires a lot of getting used to . 
  since you always start out with your native language when you learn a new language , you can get dragged along in english class and still pass your final exams without much effort . 
  like , i did n't start to actually internalise english until i found reddit . 
  they all died once the kids got good enough with english to switch to the english equivalent . 
  like , if you go to buffed.de ( biggest german website for games and rpgs / mmorgps in particular ) , you see that `` hotness '' indicator and last time i checked , it was all blue and green because their old posts , which were usually very popular , still push the average up so far that newer posts , which are seen by less people because nobody goes there anymore , just do n't get anything but green or blue . 
  only for your abused slavic tongue . 
  for us germans , only the nasals are a bit weird . 
  the rest is quite easy . 
  yes but the slavic word is more like `` somebody who ca n't speak '' . 
  it 's not imitating anything . 
  just like the word `` mute '' does n't imitate silence . 
  `` barbaros '' was literally people going `` bar bar bar hahaaahahahah i ca n't understand shit of what you scrubs call language ! '', 
  considering the shit i read on / r/europe lately , i 'm not sure i want to have 59 % of this subreddit in germany ... 
  you 're always welcome jpaolo < 3, 
  yes, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees hungary signed that . 
  we literally do n't have a legal way to control our borders . 
   have been traveling under harsh conditions for over a month , and just want to get to safety . 
  and some of them already spent years in lebanon or turkey hoping to go back home soon and then spent their last money to get to europe because there 's literally no way for them to do anything worthwhile in those countries . 
  basically , those people lost literally everything they had , spent the last money they had to travel to the only place close by where they have any chance of actually supporting themselves and then decide to make the trip from austria ( probably the first country that they enter in the eu that 's actually welcoming ) to sweden to see their family that they have n't seen for years . 
  so it 's not just `` i 've been away for months i just want to see my family '' . 
  family is literally the only thing they have left . 
  but is n't it the same with humid heat ? 
  or why are people bitching about humidity on reddit ? 
  well , that 's the point . 
  if you are in canada with -40 \u00b0 c , it feels a bit nippy until you just freeze solid and die .
