  we actually do n't . 
  to make this answer more than picking on the austrians : i think that even though our cultures are so close , they were separated too long to actually be one country . 
  austria would just be another weird bavaria we do n't understand . 
  any other country with another language and such is so different , that it 's not ( if you 'd put it in family terms ) the weird brother that was always a bit different but rather the cousin from a far away living uncle . 
  give me a proper thread and i circle jerk about why the christians are not a single bit better than any other religious group . 
  and germany . 
  every good italian restaurant is led by italians and there are a lot of those . 
  i think the conservative liberal parties are called `` classic liberal '' . 
  at least the fdp in germany is and that 's pretty much the `` rich people '' party . 
   some say why should the wealthier countries pay to fix the poorer ones , well it 's simple if we boost them up , fix the issues causing them to be poor , then a few decades down the road they will be putting in more than they take . 
  think of all the potential !, 
  europe has and does produce some of the worlds most revolutionary inventions and theories . 
  that 's actually how germany balances itself . 
  bavaria was pretty poor compared to other states so they got financial support from other states , had to try to save some money ( make a guess where misses grumpy face got that idea for greece from ) and now they 're a lot wealthier than most other states . 
  they 're now bitching about it because they 've got to bail out other states but in the end , it 's still bavaria . 
  would n't expect anything else . 
  after a lot of war and hate , i 'd love to see at least some kind of union with poland . 
  it maybe sounds weird and it is not economical beneficial for us , but i like the polish and they 've vodka !, 
  i 'd also like to make out with france because beautiful language and beautiful food but i feel like the french have been around for too long so that 's even more ridiculous than poland . 
  people are afraid of islamist terrorism ? 
  i 'm just waiting for the first guy from mallorca snapping . 
  `` you get your buckets of sangria from our island you fat shits ! '', 
  wait for life expectancy prediction a few decades . 
  years ago , people thought women ca n't get a heart attack and today the ratio is 50 % . 
  who know how different life expectancy really is . 
  now bring it on ... 
  what makes it hard in norway to find new friends ? 
  just curious if it 's the same reasons as in germany . 
  to the language thing : at least in germany , language is a matter of respect . 
  you do n't just start speaking english . 
  if you really want to live in a country that does n't officially speak english , you 'll get problems at some point . 
  not just with people like cashiers but also finding friends . 
  you 've got to learn the language . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're just trolling or just french . 
  since i do n't like my country and would like to move to britain , you better stay the fuck in the eu so i do n't have to apply for a working permission ... 
  well , maybe we can make one exception to please the eu and give them bavaria . 
  splitting germany in multiple parts has n't worked either . 
  believe me . 
  if i 'd be on death row , that would be my last meal . 
  was n't kaiserschmarn invented for lumberjacks ? 
  i mean ... that stuff is so heavy that one portion can keep you fed the whole day . 
  is n't earl grey supposed to be drank without milk ? 
  spoons are unneccessary for noodles . 
  that 's why proper spaghetti plates have such a big diameter so you can drag a bit outside of the pile and twirl it . 
  works perfectly . 
  i do that as well but only with good burgers . 
  and a good burger ca n't be handled in your hands because it would fall apart ( that 's my non american opinion . 
  since you guys have cheese in a spray can , i suppose we also have different ideals about a burger ) . 
  try gouda on butter on the blackest bread you can find . 
  really ? 
  every little store i 've seen sells chips and not fries . 
  i was in paris a few month ago and a guy ( probably homeless judging from the fatty hair and dirty cloths ) came to me , polite as fuck at first in french and then in english and was asking for money for a coffee . 
  i only had 20 cents and a 50 euro bill so i told him that i only had 20 cents . 
  he was still very polite and thanked me with a smile . 
  i doubt that somebody who just begs for getting money would play like that at 7 pm in the dark in front of a cold train station where nobody could see him . 
  paris is damn expensive . 
  i doubt that people give a lot of money to the homeless and i also doubt that the homeless can actually make some money on the streets with those prices for food . 
  also , i always buy people food if i can instead of giving them money here in germany . 
  they never refused it . 
  our gun laws are indeed horrible . 
  `` you can only own a gun for sports purposes or hunting '' and what did i find ? 
  over 100 official kinds of gun related sport and quite a few of them require high calibre weapons like sniper rifles or slightly modified assault weapons . 
  i say that all the time . 
  shotguns and hunting rifles . 
  they 're obvious to spot because of their size . 
  then make the open transport illegal and declare `` hunting zones '' where you are allowed to carry them openly and the world would be a much saved place . 
  there is no real need for hand guns , assault weapons and high calibre weapons except shooting targets and i put people 's security over fun . 
  self defence is the weirdest reason ever . 
  i would like to see the person who 's been trained at a gun range that can shoot another human without hesitation . 
  i 'm not saying it 's rational to act like that . 
  just look what happens on facebook right know because of the shooting . 
  people are stupid . 
  it 's funny that some white europeans are having a shit fit because all europeans were racist while the completely integrated and normal muslims are complaining about those cunts fucking shit up because of religious nonsense . 
  i 'm asking myself if that 's not just a israel-palestine thing . 
  every time the americans fuck shit up , you read about american soldiers stationed in germany getting spit in the face and stuff like that . 
  so could the danes be pissed off about the israelis for similar reasons ? 
  maybe the old panels were so old that 2 microphones were cheaper than getting one that picks up sound from every angle . 
  a good public speaker keeps eye contact with his audience which means that they have to look to their left and right which means that one microphone could n't pick up all the sound, 
  i 've seen it here . 
  little typo with `` sent '' . 
   i think , historically speaking , the english and germans have done the most invasions of france 3 times and we 're still better at football !, 
  i also hear mostly happy people in / r/germany who came to visit or lived/are living here . 
  the one talking about racism are mostly turning german laws around so they fit their criticism ( like the german laws for citizenship ) or it 's easily misinterpreted ( too much to explain to put in one bracket ) . 
  i get that impression from the gypsy threads a lot . 
  people tell how they get chased by gypsies with seriously dangerous cut and thrusting weapons like swords and that gypsies send their children on the street to beg and somebody screams racism even though nobody said anything against roma in general . 
  just `` those '' people . 
  but of course , there are also the kind of people without serious proof to their claims or just obvious racism . 
  hate speeches are not accepted in any european society so why should we on reddit ? 
  i 'd say it 's rather a loud minority than the true face of europe . 
  the problem is that this loud minority does n't get punched in the face on the internet . 
  i 'd like to see them spreading their bullshit in a pub or something like that . 
  they 're probably kicked out faster than they 'd realise what 's happening so why not just ban them from / r/europe ? 
  at least where i live that 's not that common . 
  i think i 've never seen a polish or russian flag . 
  why would i slap somebody 's arse ... 
  i mean ... the hugging is kind of understandable with really close friends ( that said , we germans define friends different than americans , i believe ) but slapping the butt ? 
  that 's damn weird . 
  well , i have n't thought about that . 
  :( we wo n't . 
  you can still bribe us with vodka , by the way .
