  if the village is medieval and beautiful then put it under monument protection or anything else that can prevent a lot of tourists to get into the village . 
  i think the french have something to protect the culture . 
  was n't la times the one news paper that said that the germans are marching through paris in their big clumsy boots again because germany got more political power in europe especially since the euro crisis ? 
  i do n't call that good journalism . 
  the last time i 've watched that show was way before the euro crisis so today , it 's definitely different . 
  the party is called npd , get 's under 5 % of the votes and the supporter are mostly not sane since i would n't call openly racist people sane . 
  well , we 've got this fancy series on the tv where they show people that emigrate . 
  and every time those people emigrate to a south european country ( like spain or italy ) and they 've got a professional education as a , for example , brick layer or electrician , they get a job very very fast and immediately promoted to a higher position ( like foreman ) because the educational level is not as wide spread available in those countries ( like in rural areas ) and therefore a lot of workers there ca n't provide the quality the emigrant can which should be fixed by a foreman who leant his craft perfectly . 
  so it 's probably also some kind of import professional skills that can be exchanged between the workers as well . 
  german students graduate with 25, 
   even though the schools are percieved that way , that is not the intention of the schools . 
  the hauptschule was made for artisan/handcrafting jobs . 
  the gymnasium leads to the `` hochschulreife '' , which means you automatically get access to public academic institutions like universities without needing to pass gmat or something like that . 
  the realschule was supposed to be the standard way of absolving school for common people . 
  that was the intention but i doubt that it still works like that . 
   this is called apprenticeship in english . 
  [ or professional education ] ( http://dict.leo.org/ende?lp=ende&amp;lang=en&amp;searchloc=0&amp;cmptype=relaxed&amp;secthdr=on&amp;spelltoler=&amp;search=berufsausbildung ) . 
  but an apprenticeship in germany is probably not the same as in the usa ( in the same way a college is not the same in the usa and germany ) . 
  that 's why i tried to explain it a bit . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole of europe but at least in germany , we 've got a lot more possibilities in schools , universities and professions . 
  at first , there are 3 high school degrees . 
  they are done on 3 different schools as well . 
  you could say that those schools are for bad , medium and good pupils . 
  so instead of always being a bad student because the stuff you learn is too hard for you or always being the best and bored , you can learn stuff in ways that are appropriated for you . 
  of course you can change the school to a lower one or higher one ( the latter is pretty uncommon . 
  you 'd much rather upgrade your degree in your last year ) . 
  different jobs also require different degrees . 
  a craftsman can find a job with the lowest high school degree and he only learnt the stuff he needs for those jobs . 
  but more of that later . 
  so after high school , there 's college . 
  college is like a high school ( the highest high school does college degrees as well ) in germany but more focused on what you want to do as a profession which means that you can take courses that are actually useful . 
  or , if you already know what you want to do later in life , you can do industry focused degrees . 
  i 've done a computer science college degree which is probably the first 2 or 3 semesters in university . 
  so college allows you to do better jobs as well . 
  and finally for the academic part : universities !, 
  we 've got 2 big kinds of universities . 
  the normal university which is focused on research and theory ( so basically how to create new stuff ) and requires the college degree you 've done at a high school ( it 's called abitur ) and the university of applied science which is focused on the industry and how to use existing stuff . 
  so that 's the end about your education . 
  but what if you do n't want to study ? 
  after every school degree , you could do a professional education . 
  that 's a degree for one profession made at a company ( mostly . 
  i 've done mine with my college degree at a college ) with marks ( grades in the us ? ), 
  and everything . 
  you also get paid while doing this . 
  so the main difference is that you 've got a lot mor variety in germany and the possibility to get a higher education ( or being a professional of some sort ) without being good in school . 
  you do n't have to deal with the academic stuff . 
  you can do your 10 years of primary and high school and then do whatever job you like or decide to get 1 step further into college or even university . 
  we germans love paper and credentials . 
  a professional education is worth more than any kind of working experience just because you can proof your skills with a degree instead of 5 lines on a cv . 
  those separating has the advantage that you 've got comparable degrees and pupils learn on their own pace and can easier be supported or challenged since the differences between pupils in classes are not as big as they could be on a high school . 
  but i think two aspects are also very important . 
  european countries are small . 
  we are used to look outside . 
  half an hour by train and i am in the netherlands . 
  other language , other culture , other everything . 
  but not a lot of people . 
  it is very easy for those people to get in touch with other cultures and learn from them just because they are in your wow guild or stuff like that . 
  so in the same way you learn about other states from people you meat on the internet , so do we about other countries and from other countries and that stuff is mostly what people see as an obvious difference . 
  it 's not always the education system . 
  little example : american talk show with stupid ( she was a bit dumb ) blonde american moderator . 
  2 brits ( the crazy emo guy from it crowd ) were guests . 
  she was talking about how she never knew how close some island state was ( i think it was puerto rico ) and that she thinks it 's kind of hard to remember the location of some countries and those brits were just like `` meh '' and she was like '' : o you do n't think so ? 
  why is it easy for you '' and the brits again `` because we were schooled in england '' . 
  i mean you do n't have to learn such things in school . 
  it 's easy to learn those kind of things just by talking to people over the internet but since you americans are everywhere and never had to look across your borders , you probably do n't care as much as we do . 
  everything i 've said about school might not be accurate outside of north rhine westphalia since education is state business and not federal business . 
  i also do n't know what european countries have professional education or how it works there with school and stuff . 
  i know that the british ( or only english ) are doing professional education on demand and i also know that the general steps primary school -  high school ( or secondary school with sixth form if i remember correctly . 
  that would be like then german abitur ) -  college -  university are the same . 
  professional education opinion other european countries for germans who emmigrate is like instant job and promotion . 
  at least in south european countries like spain . 
  ** tl ; dr or for people who think it 's too confusing because they do n't know the education system in general here : more variety for everybody and appropriated difficulty level and teaching methods for everybody because of separation of pupils and possibilities to get proper credentials and degrees apart from bachelor or master which allows you to give comparable information about your skill level . 
  also , europe is full of small countries . 
  we 're used to get in touch with other cultures and just care more by default which results in better knowledge ( or more spread knowledge which then looks like better knowledge until you ask the right questions ) geographically or culturally which is the obvious deficit americans like to show when they ask germans if they 'd know hitler or something similar ridiculous . 
  ` merica !, 
  the country where sane people actually vote for a racist party . 
  i 'm very happy that i have an excuse to not express my opinion because the whole situation is too complicated for me to build an opinion in the first place . 
  for the people that do n't know : as soon as a german is criticising israel in the public ( like politician on tv ) the officials of the jewish community in germany starts to flip tables . 
  so they rather shut up . 
  die extreme bereitschaft von erwachsenen menschen , einer autorit\u00e4t fast beliebig weit zu folgen , ist das hauptergebnis der studie , und eine tatsache , die dringendster erkl\u00e4rung bedarf . `` -- stanley milgram : the perils of obedience , harper \u00b4 s magazine , 1974 english translation :  `` the legal and philosophical aspects of obedience are of enormous importance but they do n't say a lot about the behaviour of most people in concrete situations , though . 
  i 've done an easy experiment at the yale university to discover how much pain a ordinary citizen would cause another because a scientist told them so . 
  stiff authority stood up against the strongest moral believes of the participants to not hurt other people and even though the pain screams of the victims ringed in the test subjects ears , the authority won in the majority of cases . 
  the extreme willingness of adult people to follow an authority to an almost arbitrary amount is the main result of the study and a fact that needs explanation most urgently , -- stanley milgram : the perils of obedience , harper 's magazine , 1974 so ... 
  either new haven , connecticut / the yale university is full of germans or we can make the assumption that this study is as representative for the usa as such a study would be in germany , right ? 
  right !, 
  i have n't read the book you 've posted but what can be worse than a majority of suspects torture somebody else to unbelievable pain . 
  yes the media influences people but i did n't notice any biased opinion bullshit on real channels ( that excludes everything that 's connected to rtl and pro7 except n24 i suppose ) . 
  the news on the only german news channel i 'd consider `` acceptable '' ( n24 ) was as neutral as it was on cnn international ( which is the only non-german news channel i get with dvb-t ) and the same counts for our state tv ( ard , zdf and the `` 3rd programmes '' like wdr , ndr etc. 
  probably count as state tv as well ) which is probably more like old people tv and was very pro-acta but the news are pretty neutral as far as i know . 
  then again , the loud minority probably does n't watch those channels and yes we probably give authority more power than other countries . 
  nobody here would think it 's weird that the police can demand an id card or a passport any time they want but that 's about it . 
  politicians do n't have any kind of special authority . 
  we make fun of them all the time and nobody is accepting a politician that fucked it up ( i think wulff would pretty much agree with that ) . 
  the military has even less authority . 
  it was kind of normal that you tried to get rejected for military service before it became voluntarily . 
  the military actually complained that they do n't get enough support and recognition from the people ( that was mentioned in the podcast `` chaos radio express '' episode 184 which is made by the chaos computer club which is basically a mixture of the pirate party ( a lot of ccc members are active pirate party members as well ) and anonymous ) . 
  that 's how much fucks we give about the usual government bodies with authority . 
  and if you compare other aspects with other countries , it 's still kind of ridiculous . 
  what has authority as well ? 
  parents ?
