  so , yeah . 
  i think russia is both less of a threat then people think but also more of a threat than people think . 
  if nato would n't give russia shitty excuses to do something crazy , they probably would n't be a military threat at all . 
  they 'd chill over there checking if we 're going to fuck them and we 'd just do our think and not worry about russia . 
  and that sounds certainly like less of an issue than what the us media or us politicians or american redditors would make you believe . 
  however , i think the real danger is in the russian minorities . 
  especially in former soviet states , they 're really isolated . 
  they fully consider themselves russian and if they get radicalised like turks got through the akp and erdogan , we 'll have much more problems than what we have now . 
  as far as i know , this is less of a problem in countries where russians recently immigrated to like germany . 
  russian nukes do n't scare me . 
  russian today does . 
  instead of building a wall on the mexican border and making the mexicans pay for it , schulz is building a bridge from africa to europe and make the hungarians pay for it . 
  france . 
  lots of target practice on our way to poland and then we beat some old records . 
  do n't worry man . 
  if shit hits the fan you just come over . 
  probably already have a cousin here anyway :d ( that 's my shitty attempt at making lighthearted jokes when talking about a depressing topic . _ . ), 
  i 'd have no problem with turkey if it 's most turks you find on reddit ( except for the akp fanboys ) or if they were like most young turks in germany . 
  but turkey is just too much of a political mess and too religious . 
  i do n't think they 'd fit into the eu and its values . 
  have you seen the teaser to that conan guy going to berlin special thingy ? 
  the teaser was two guys in lederhosen slapping their thighs . 
  in berlin . 
  the funny thing is : we always had that . 
  like , you 'd never wear a hijab for shits and giggles . 
  you just do n't . 
  it 's insensitive . 
  but for some reason , everything that gets a new buzzword is just taken to far . 
  i remember that one incidence in a museum where they had a painting of some guy 's wife that he painted himself . 
  they were in japan , she was wearing a kimono and he thought she looked hot in it so he drew her . 
  so , as some kind of event , the museum would recreate the painting . 
  people lined up , were put in kimonos and they took a picture . 
  for some reason , some asian-american organisation went livid over that . 
  the spokes person certainly was n't japanese . 
  she had a chinese name . 
  the argument was that `` white people '' are claiming the culture for themselves and the minorities have no way to `` defend '' their culture from being turned into a novelty . 
  i have a couple problems with that . 
  for once , japan has 100 million people . 
  how does that culture need defending ? 
  there is literally no way japanese culture could possibly die except if you have some maoist sort of cultural revolution that wrecked a whole generation of chinese people . 
  then , why does that chinese girl give a damn ? 
  it 's not even her culture . 
  why is she speaking out on behalf of japanese people ? 
  if some random guy would give somebody shit for wearing lederhosen , i 'd stump that fucker . 
  it 's a ) none of his business and b ) he has no idea of the cultural value of lederhosen . 
  and also , what 's the problem with kimonos ? 
  they are not in any way important to japanese culture . 
  they old clothing . 
  there 's nothing special about them . 
  and what 's the big deal anyway ? 
  if one person googled stuff about japan after that event , it probably did more to not turn that particular culture into a novelty than they ever could . 
  i was interested in learning a native american language a while ago ( then i saw those verbs and had nightmares for a week ; _  and asked here on reddit if somebody can throw me some resources . 
  instead of giving me links to literature or websites or whatever , people just gave me addresses to institutions here in germany . 
  because of carl may 's books , germany actually has a lot of institutions about native american culture and language . 
  those books , written for entertainment purposes , gave people a gateway to native american culture and now people are actually interested in learning more about it . 
  i feel like it 's a misplaced effort that will do more harm than good . 
  * cough * warlords of draenor * cough *, 
  we even get it with other candy in it . 
  like , oreos and stuff . 
  amazing . 
  when i was at uni , i went shopping before class so that i could get a few milka bars if they go on sale because the shelves were empty after 2 pm on those days . 
  you 're us on crack , basically . 
  probably china economically but germany has pretty large japanese and korean minorities . 
  the biggest in europe . 
  and there 's a lot of cultural exchange between my city and japan . 
  they are for english speakers . 
  we have the same r in german and french u is german \u00fc and english speakers fuck those up a lot . 
  i know . 
  nobody knows what would have happened if they did n't join nato but as it stands now , russia saw that as a hostile move . 
  is that really a problem here in germany ? 
  i 've heard that the japanese have major problems with the us military but i never heard about them acting up in germany . 
  now i 'm sad :(, 
  actually a lot of russia 's shit was just a paranoid response to nato expanding to the east . 
  because there are so many italians in other countries that we can just mock them instead of mocking your country . 
  ( no we actually like you . 
  your food is good and cheap and easy to make , your people are awesome , your beaches are awesome , your parts of the alps are awesome , your language is awesome . 
  you 're just a bit too macho for us but that 's about it ), 
  this seems to be a common theme . 
  the english make fun of people and see rivalries with other countries but people in those countries just go `` meh we care more about x '' . 
  you joke about the belgians , we care more about the dutch in football . 
  i think the personalausweis is only for residents . 
  beautiful !, 
  take [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0b/diebels_in_altbierglas.jpg/150px-diebels_in_altbierglas.jpg ) and welcome aboard !, 
  i think i 've seen that once in berlin . 
  nothing happens in the eu without universal approval . 
  even if you could , in theory , pass something , the eu tries to find a solution every member state can agree on . 
  it 's just that now the major road block is gone . 
  like , eastern europe might not like a federalised europe but they surely do n't mind a eu defence union . 
  the uk would have blocked that right away because they do n't want to have the conflict of interest of choosing between sucking up to the americans or supporting your biggest trading partner . 
  like , if there 's a iraq 2.0 situation , the uk would probably support the us even though most of the eu would n't . 
  but without some kind of unified defence pact , the uk can do what they want because the eu has no influence over it . 
  once the uk is gone , the `` we do n't agree to it no matter what '' people are gone as well . 
  nobody understands those guys !, 
  i think they 're just grunting at each other ... 
  as a 100 % potato german , i 'd agree . 
  if you speak the language , you 're german . 
  even if it 's fillon vs le pen ? 
  shameless plug : my father is an undertaker ... 
  if your granny needs somebody to hook her up for the alps , i can give you some digits ... to actually answer the question : the shores of the rhine in my home city . 
  just dig a hole and put me in there as long as my family can roughly find the spot , it 's fine .
