  however , amazon.co.jp did n't like my german account . 
  well , right now you 're still in the eu which means you 'll be part of it . 
  since you only have 2 years to negotiate the terms of leaving the eu , chances are high you 'll keep as many regulations as possible to focus on the important stuff so it 's most likely going to stay . 
  the csu treats everybody like shit though . 
  at least they got their country back !, 
  also the far right populists do n't just have different opinions , they 're just flat out hateful . 
  i do n't have any issues with fdp or cdu supporters . 
  i 'd never vote for those parties since i do n't agree with them . 
  but the populists are off the charts . 
  suggesting to shoot refugees at the border is not an opinion that deserves respect . 
  and considering that , at least in germany , the afd is fucking around with neo nazis , the comparison is not too far off . 
  try / r/de . 
  our memes are danker . 
  you see that in movies and games a lot . 
  sleeping dogs did not need the chinese american protagonist to be fun . 
  for 71 % , it says `` this is a high level for a native speaker . '' . 
  so you are functionally fluent in english !, 
  that 's the weird thing about those tests . 
  for once , you need to know some shit to have a large vocabulary . 
  as / u/neonerd pointed out , there were a lot of biology terminology in his test . 
  what if somebody does n't value biology as much as throws in a bunch of medical terms ? 
  or engineering vocab ? 
  also , and this is what you ran in to , the test does n't give grammar the same value . 
  `` oniony '' does n't seem to be something that i 'd expect to be in a dictionary but noun + '' - y '' gives you an adverb in english so it counts . 
  however , springlessly does n't count for some reason . 
  and a compound of two nouns does n't count either ... 
  yeah there were a lot of words where i thought `` that sounds like they took it from french but i do n't think i 've heard it before '', 
  71 %  this is a high level for a native speaker . 
  the lexical overlap is mostly for prestigious words ( since chinese had the same sort of status latin had in europe ) and everything related to confucianism . 
  if you know how the japanese borrowed chinese words and how they adapted the sounds and how the koreans did it , you can see the similarities . 
  i 'm on mobile right now so i ca n't really do research . 
  but a good example is senpai and kouhai . 
  senpai being your senior , kouhai being your junior . 
  i 'm sure the words exist in korean as well and looking at the pinyin as well you can see how they 're obviously the same word borrowed from chinese . 
  however , words like sister and brother are not the same . 
  that 's because the overlap comes from borrowing and not from `` genetics '' and it 's rare that words as basic as brother and sister are borrowed . 
  i 'm gon na spend the next three months just reading every day no matter how annoying it gets ( just finished my bachelor thesis so i did n't have much time ) . 
  hopefully , i can get over it . 
  yeah i know . 
  i was thinking about switching to korean but japanese is kind of tingling me more for some reason . 
  also , even though korean and japanese are unrelated , they both borrowed heavily from chinese , which gives you some huge overlap in vocabulary , and their grammar is very , very similar ( which is where the whole argument that the two languages are related comes from in the first place ) . 
  because of that , learning korean is very easy if you already speak japanese . 
  like , it would be a waste of time to learn korean from english or german if you spoke japanese . 
  the resources are also better because korean is the second most commonly learnt foreign language in japan . 
  because of that , i feel like i should just push through with japanese and then move on with korean . 
  well , the problem is that japanese people learn kanji by grade depending on how difficult the concept is . 
  i do n't know which kanji are in pokemon but i know that sixth grade kanji are not because \u79c1 is missing and i clearly remember that i looked up words written in hiragana that i knew with kanji and everything but i thought that they might have a different meaning if written in hiragana . 
  that also means that you have can have kanji that are not used all that much and would show up later if you learnt with frequency lists and also kanji that are very complicated but express very simple things and those are the ones that are very hard to identify because it 's just a black blob of pixels . 
  you can play in hiragana mode but i always felt like that would be a waste of time since it does n't prepare you for adult material . 
  oh , also , they add spaces between long chains of hiragana so it 's not as annoying to read . 
   northern european  germans bruh ... 
  i do n't think you understand how germans go on holiday . 
  / u/jmcs 's point still stands . 
  it 's just more annoying with children . 
  the sad thing is that kanji makes the study method i 'm most comfortable with more difficult . 
  like , i learnt english by studying the grammar ( in school or whatever ) and then just expose myself to the language through books , video games and movies as much as possible . 
  after you 've looked up a word for the fifth time or whatever , you probably wo n't forget it . 
  but with japanese , you always have trouble with the damn characters . 
  like , i totally have the grammar abilities to play pokemon on the 3ds in japanese . 
  absolutely no problem . 
  but did you try to read kanji with a significant amount of strokes on a 3ds display ? 
  so instead of just looking up words on your phone ( or just reading past them if it 's clear through context what they mean ) , you sit there like you 're a 90 years old grandma trying to read a book and figure out what those damn strokes are supposed to be !, 
  on a pc or kindle , you have dictionaries that do that for you ( those mouse over plugins for browsers or the dictionary in a kindle paperwhite ) and getting the reading for kanji is no problem then . 
  but in games ? 
  there 's a book written by a woman who learnt russian in a bunker just with a dictionary . 
  she did the same thing for at least 11 other languages and studies just like that ( learning the basics and then just read , read , read ) and she said as well that the kanji make this a lot harder because you 're looking up everything twice and you need to remember twice as many things and stuff ... 
  fuck their writing system though . 
  there 's nothing in my life that drains my motivation to learn something faster than kanji ... 
  my city ( d\u00fcsseldorf ) has a large japanese and korean minority . 
  we even have a korean church here so maybe you can contact them and ask ? 
  they 'll probably be a lot more conservative than other koreans here . 
  we 're not a very religious city so o doubt people born here would pick up christianity . 
  https://www.christliche-gemeinden.eu/40235_full_gospel_church_koreanische_christengemeinde.html there 's an email address . 
  you might also be able to hit people up on facebook . 
  just as a warning : the korean bloodline patriotism will be very unwelcome here . 
  patriotism in general is not that welcome here but if you then specifically talk about `` korean blood '' you wake up bad memories for germans . 
  generally , i have never heard anything bad about koreans or the japanese or any other asian demographic for that matter . 
  the japanese and koreans seem to get along as well . 
  we also have an awful lot korean and japanese supermarkets in case you 're worried about not getting ingredients for your favourite dish or something ( sounds dumb but you 'll probably get homesick at some point and that might help !, 
  they probably are : / everybody else thinks we let dirty muslims into the eu , jerk off to destroying economies of smaller eu countries or both . 
  not european and not invading neighbours . 
  \\  :( that 's just dirty french propaganda !, 
  ( actually you would probably fuck us up real good ), 
  as if you 'd make it over the rhine !, 
  the romans tried for 150 years and we did n't let them so we wo n't let you either !, 
  ( actually , i 'd be fine getting annexed by the french . 
  i 'd find the motivation to learn french and i would n't share a country with the bavarians ), 
  bad teeth because your actors do n't really care about perfect teeth ( like , maybe for big productions but midsummer murder is running on german tv and my god those teeth sometimes ) and the food thing because your traditional english food is just boring western european food . 
  well ... maybe a bit ... 
  not cold enough . 
  there are always a few weeks or a month per year where i 'd like somebody to just fucking kill me because why bother living if i 'm melting into a puddle of sweat just so quickly i might as well be in hell . 
  you switched colours yourself a couple elections ago . 
  i use chrome in english so it does not redirect me . 
  i also ca n't remember the last time i actually typed google . < whatever , 
  nope . 
  i assume if somebody feels at home here they also have an interest to learn about the place especially when they managed to be fluent in german . 
  but i would n't give people a reading list or make them pass a history exam . 
  speak the language and feel at home in germany . 
  done . 
  that 's all i care about .
