  this could easily be interpreted as all of those . 
  she cares about her jewish genes more than the nazis did . 
  she 's worried because she 's jewish and afraid to be in danger . 
  this comes right after the refugee news died down a bit so one could assume that it 's connected and one could also assume that she assumes that she 's worried because she thinks we 're getting overrun by muslims . 
  basically , you get 4 times the weirdness so you get 4 times the snark . 
  the snark is usually already pretty snarky . 
  almost to the point that you can imagine that everybody snarking around in those threads has one eye twitching . 
  now , take that times 4 and you get so much snark that people just get a stroke and go full snark to the wall . 
  not sure why i fucked around with the word `` snark '' so much ... 
  is / r/ireland like / r/australia where they just take the piss out of anybody asking stupid questions or are the irish just being irish telling those posters to fuck themselves ? 
  you 're british . 
  spain is the only right answer here . 
  185cm or you get deported to italy . 
  we already have something like 24 official languages . 
  and nobody is going to learn esperanto . 
  one reason why people picked up english so easily is the amount of media available to use the language . 
  ca n't do that with esperanto since nobody bothers releasing huge amounts of media in esperanto . 
  you 'd probably be more successful with latin or ancient greek . 
  that 's why i said `` every eu country , norway , ** iceland ** and switzerland '' and did n't just include iceland in the eu countries . 
  yes . 
  for all intents and purposes , you 're portuguese and therefore just like any other eu citizen , you 're able to live and work in every eu country , norway , iceland and ( until they implement their recent referendum ) switzerland . 
  i 'm not sure how it works exactly but i think you ca n't differentiate between nationals and eu citizens so you 'd be able to get any benefit icelandic students get as well . 
  easy . 
  because we could . 
  most slavic countries got fucked by the soviets so you have a bunch of people right next door that were behind the iron curtain and then they come over with their weird cultural quirks . 
  it does n't help that a good chunk of them came over when you could still talk shit about them which is something that is unacceptable now . 
  there was just much more interaction with the french , italians , spaniards than with the slavs . 
  so they seem `` less weird '' . 
  this was a thing of the past in most of germany , though . 
  the brits are currently on it but that 's just people being dicks . 
  but like dnarg said , it 's not about them being slavic . 
  that 's more of a thing pre ww2 . 
  they 're just foreign and racists do n't like foreign things . 
  ethnicity is also about culture . 
  at my uni , i pay 250 per semester for uni ( which includes a public transport ticket for the whole state ) and 200 $ rent per month which includes water , power , heating . 
  internet is 20 $ per month at unitymedia for 50 mbits down and 2.5 up because `` fuck you that 's why '' . 
  rent for dorms can be quite cheap . 
  depending on the city you live in , you might actually pay a similar amount of money for a 2 room flat that you can share with your girlfriend . 
  every major religion is incompatible with european values which is why religion in most countries is a very private thing and usually a moderate version of what you saw a few centuries or even decades ago . 
  that include the muslim countries that are generally considered to be european . 
  the turks ( and i usually include turkey in europe but a lot of people do n't so i excluded it in my statement above ) are really the worst we 've got and that 's mostly the crazy government . 
  nobody is that fucking stupid to ask this question seriously without doubting themselves enough to even try to justify their reasoning in the post itself . 
  i 've heard somewhere that red heads have the most neanderthal dna . 
  so ... get out of my country ... 
  i agree with / u/no _ real_username . 
  in my opinion , you can not uphold the values you mentioned and send people back to their death . 
   the problem is , the only people i see sharing similar values and fears as myself seem to be far-right , racist , neo-nazi , etc. 
  types , and that scares me , as i do n't really consider myself sharing most of their values . 
  do n't worry . 
  most of them do n't think of themselves to be far-right , racist or neo-nazis either ... 
  why juncker ? 
  pretty sure hollande and cameron have more power than he does as well . 
   what 's your opinion on the refugee crisis ? 
  would be much less of a crisis if the neo-nazis would stop burning down camps ...  how do you think europe or the european union handle it ? 
  can only speak for my country . 
  it 's an administrative nightmare . 
  that needs to be fixed quickly . 
   would you accept migrants or not and what do you think of them ? 
  i would . 
  my mother lives close to a camp and works in a supermarket . 
  no complains yet . 
  and i do n't think there will be any . 
   if yes how many refugees would you accept ? 
  as many as we can handle . 
  we 're the forth biggest economy in the world . 
  if we do n't , who will ? 
  those people need help . 
  we can help them . 
   do you think they 're a threat to europe ? 
  i always felt like the german identity is entirely based on language and regional heritage . 
  german as a language and our tradition as an excuse to get drunk would need to die and that 's not going to happen except if we get 60 + million refugees or something . 
  we might get more delicious food , though . 
  but what 's that going to do when there 's a pizza and a d\u00f6ner place everywhere already . 
  they do n't . 
  stop believing the racists . 
  if you 're an eu immigrant , they can send you back home after a certain amount of time without finding a job . 
  everybody else does n't get welfare without paying taxes before . 
  after they 've paid taxes , they actually paid for their welfare . 
  refugees are obviously a different story but sending them back home is pretty close to a death sentence . 
  i 'd also suggest that you get some kind of proof about what happened which might be hard but just showing up saying `` the drug cartel is going to kill me '' sounds weird especially to people here in the eu that only know mexico from american movies . 
  like , for us , you 're the spain of the north america . 
  which is linguistically speaking not far but i suppose that 's where it ends . 
  so , the officials here might not even think about mexico . 
  i can only speak about my own country . 
  i 'd avoid the east . 
  even in western cities that are known for their neo-nazis , not much happened . 
  i think one refugee camp got in trouble south of dortmund , one between dortmund and bochum and one in moers ( somewhere north-east of duisburg , i think ) . 
  and nothing on the scale of what happened in eastern germany . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf , cologne , bonn should be fine . 
  those cities have money and a good amount of ethnic non-germans . 
  so people are used to it and less people will whine about `` they took our jobs ! '' . 
  i 'd probably also think about spain simply because i assume they know a thing or two about the situation in mexico simply because it 's easier for news to make their way to spain . 
  good luck man . 
  do you actually call it `` weiberfastnacht '' in cologne ? 
  here in d\u00fcsseldorf , most people call it altweiber . 
  friends of mine went to prague on a class trip . 
  their teacher said that you get by with young people in english , for middle aged people , you 're pretty much fucked and for old people , you might as well go for german . 
  accurate ? 
  :( now i feel bad for just saying `` then learn german !, 
  then learn german !,
