  does n't really work in german :(, 
  putin is still a dick , though . 
  how about a neutral source ? 
  i think the reichskanzler had a bit more power than the bundespr\u00e4sident now but the reichspr\u00e4sident was certainly more powerful than the bundespr\u00e4sident now . 
  although , the nsdap also got violent and hitler blamed the communists so there 's that . 
  we just put oliver kahn 's mouth on a coin . 
  it 's big enough to fit on it 's own . 
  we had bloody gau\u00df on our money . 
  that dude that pops up everywhere no matter where you 're looking in mathematics . 
  i 'd be so pissed off if we 'd put some football dude on our coins now . 
  well , since you literally ca n't just camp somewhere , getting rid of them would be fairly easy since they ca n't just put up some tents . 
  same here with german . 
  everything language learning related gets an awful lot easier if the grammar of your native language has n't changed in at least 1000 years . 
  they do n't like homosexuals ... 
  i think people would still think `` huh that 's weird '' but then say `` well if they love each other '' and nobody gives a damn if it 's just sex anyway . 
  well , and i thought dinner for one was weird :d, 
  well , what 's left of the case system in english got chopped into little bits and then somebody took a bit shit on it . 
  if i were used to `` it 's me '' , i would n't understand cases either . 
  well , nrw is basically parts of old westfalen and the rheinland . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf is the only big city in the rheinland where they speak a low german dialect ( the low german region is marked by the benrather linie which runs straight from west to east south of d\u00fcsseldorf and therefore `` cuts it off '' from the rest of the rheinland ) . 
  right north of d\u00fcsseldorf , the ruhrpott ( and therefore westfalen ) starts . 
  that makes it pretty easy to isolate d\u00fcsseldorf and rant about all the other people in nrw . 
  i do n't have to explain the cologne thing , do i ? 
  everything below the benrather linie is southern scrum and everything in in former westfalen is foreign ballast . 
  leaving behind : d\u00fcsseldorf !, 
  and the world is happy again . 
  i 'm just joking , by the way ( cologne can still suck it , though ) . 
  i like you all :d ( except cologne , obviously ), 
  might as well get rid of the bavarians in the process , right ? 
  stop ... please ... 
  now i want to learn polish, 
   language . 
  let 's say it 's not my favourite , though it does n't seem that hard to learn . 
  slavic languages ( including polish , i suppose ) are very conservative . 
  and so is german . 
  so most of the concept are just perfectly logical to you ( not as much as for an icelander because slavic and germanic languages are still different ) which makes it a lot easier for you than for the whiny anglophones who start to vomit as soon as they hear the word `` casemarker '' . 
  i think he was talking about the nsdap . 
  i think you 've got to take the citizenship a few years after you were born ( or rather your parents have to do the paperwork ) . 
  otherwise , that right is voided . 
  i 'm sure it 's easier to learn every noun with article than to learn those rules and all the exceptions . 
  same with french ... oh !, 
  only 10-15 suffixes per gender and for each suffix around 1-20 exceptions !, 
  easy !, 
  do n't worry we ca n't understand the bloody bavarians either ... 
  as long as nobody else knows , we 're fine . 
  at least it 's not florida . 
  https://twitter.com/_floridaman those are head lines on news websites ... 
  but i ca n't play games and watch something subbed at the same time . 
  i can , however , watch a dub and then look to my other screen if it gets interesting if i do n't have to read subtitles . 
  the myth comes from the chinese and koreans who then just say `` well , you do n't mean it , though ! '', 
  but at least you can understand them . 
  why do we never do cool stuff like this with the reichstag ( the building is reichtstag , the people are bundestag ) ? 
  would n't that be a good way to make the angry poles less angry ? 
  do n't come here , please , you seem to be a quite angry bugger . 
  then we send you the bavarians . 
  oops ... 
  i thought torte means pie and kuchen means cake ... well nvm then ... of course i had to be that prick that then calls you a genius  . <, 
  in german you genius ... 
  we 've got our own tongue twisters :(, 
  and some extreme communist parties that existed before ww2, 
  we call it pie though . 
  well , let 's polish the boots kameraden . 
  he asked for it . 
  so just the usual weekend in poland ? 
  get drunk and do stupid stuff ( dig holes , steal llamas , steal giant wooden ponies like everywhere else in europe ) . 
  i think that 's because die welt is considered intellectual by bild readers . 
  that 's so fucking stupid . 
  i think here in germany , they help you to get a german high school degree and are in close contact with different companies ( like carpenter or electricians ) so the refugees can get an apprenticeship and are as skilled as a german that did the same . 
  it 's borderline suicidal to let everybody who knocks on your door in because you simply ca n't afford that massive amount of people . 
  you also ca n't flood the labour market with a massive amount of low level high school education because then you 've got way more people than jobs . 
  so even if you can afford it financially , the labour market ca n't handle it . 
  i do n't really think that this is the problem . 
  the problem is that you give welfare to non-citizens who have never worked . 
  in germany , you do n't get shit if you have never worked . 
  but i do n't see why a russian or turk or american who wants to keep his passport should n't get welfare if he lived in the country for 20 years and worked and paid taxes . 
  and  these are kids born and raised in germany , they are germans , they speak the language , they are taught the german version of history , they are raised on the german streets with german friends is n't ? 
   they speak the language nope . 
  i had people in school who were old enough that they did n't need to take the final exam in secondary school so they just slipped through german class and then almost failed college ( like sixth form in britain . 
  not us college ) because they just were n't able to write one straight sentence german . 
   they are raised on the german streets with german friends nope . 
  those types of turks / u/alpha023 criticises are in fact not hanging out with germans . 
  there might be a few friends that are german but in schools , they keep it to themselves and maybe they 've got some other friends that are foreign as well but they are not as close as those other foreigners were to us germans . 
  in fact , the `` most german people with foreign heritage '' in my school were the people that are in fact not german at all but russians and polish people that came to germany when they were 6-10 . 
  at least if they do n't try to speak something somebody else can understand . 
  that 's a swiss tv channel so she obviously does n't bother . 
  also , i think the north is more clearer for germans . 
  but then again , the people i 've talked to might just have cared to be understood by me . 
  what celtic language was spoken around yorkshire before the dirty normans came ? 
  because somehow , the english and french forgot how to play football . 
  because it 's a different language . 
  really ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3-ufpcubse that 's the weather in swiss german . 
  and that 's easier to understand for you than glorious standard german ? 
  he also brought civil rights to some german cities which is why we still have the elferrat ( actually council of eleven in german but the `` elf '' comes from egalit\u00e9 , libert\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 ) in d\u00fcsseldorf who are basically the `` leaders '' of the karneval celebrating people . 
  well , to be fair , i 'm surprised that you can see anything between all that tourists in paris ... 
  i wanted to slap everyone on the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es, 
  cheers , mate ... good thing neither the french nor the english will get anyway near the matches that actually matter in the world or europa cup any more :d, 
  it 's like how every englishmen screams `` normans ! '', 
  when you say `` the french invaded you in the 9th ( or 10th ? ), 
  century '' but actually , they would n't know what to do if they could n't use the french as their pretend enemy .
