  russian and poles i know are way better in german than the turks i know except 1 or 2 exceptions . 
  they 'll wish they went to denmark if they try to learn german . 
  i 'm learning norwegian right now and it 's like an easier version of german ( and so is danish ) . 
  german was what connected the german people and that has n't changed . 
  it 's probably even more extreme than in iceland . 
  command over the german language is what makes you german , i , and many people , i know would say . 
  only 60 % of the germans consider themselves able to communicate in english . 
  it 's 50 % in france . 
  not that much of a difference . 
  now , consider that there is n't any problem in france not knowing english while it 's sort of expected from the youth in germany . 
  so you 've got the people that ca n't write a straight sentence in english but say otherwise . 
  yes , there is . 
  i had an awful lot of polish or russian people in school that did n't take the english final exam because their education in their native language they got in afternoon or evening schools counted as a second language education . 
  the problem is that , in my experience in nrw around d\u00fcsseldorf ( north of cologne ... it hurts to say that ... ) , polish and russian immigrants care that their children get their german in order first and then they know so little of their native language that the parents put their children back into language school for native speakers . 
  the primary school of my step brother even offered russian as a native language for russian immigrants . 
  the turks usually speak perfect turkish . 
  maybe the writing is a bit weak . 
  but it seems like the turks often only speak turkish at home and they are fully fluent in turkish then but nobody ever bothered to explain to them how their language work . 
  they have this native feel for it but that 's about it . 
  i 've got that native feel as well for most things but i learnt about cases and gender in school . 
  i learnt once how my language works and it did n't take much to read up on it when i needed it . 
  now , if i look at the wikipedia article about icelandic , it 's logical . 
  i know basically everything from my native language and i learnt those concepts without the additional difficulty of using a foreign language in that process . 
  in my experience , the people that struggle with german are the turks that only spoke turkish at home ( or me/arabs in general . 
  it seems like those are a lot more proud of their culture and language than others ) . 
  as a counter example , i had one dude in school who went to dubai for a few years in secondary school . 
  he kind of missed out on german and arabic orthography so his writing is shit . 
  but he can express himself perfectly in german and arabic because he actually had to sit down and learn the arabic spoken in dubai . 
  he grew up with arabic but not the same dialect . 
  so he got into language school , learnt how languages work ( he had a bit of that in germany as well but it 's rather spread out ) and easily picked up the new arabic dialect and his german improved as well according to him . 
  tell the german to hit you with a rolled in news paper and shout `` nein ! '', 
  at you like with a straying dog if you slip into english . 
  you might do so after a while when you just get tired of not being able to express yourself as precise as in english and then the german thinks `` oh , well , it 's not my business what language he wants to speak so i just switch to english '' . 
  then tell them `` i 'd like to practice my dutch . 
  would you mind not speaking english ? '', 
  and do not reply in english at all . 
  problem solved . 
  much easier as a non-native english speaker . 
  just pretend to not speak english !, 
  might not work as a german though since a lot of dutch people i met speak german at least well enough to have a conversation especially where we go weed shopping like in venlo . 
  getting offered an earl grey with milk , maybe ? 
  well , it 's like the queen telling them to fuck off . 
  better than nothing , i suppose . 
  i feel slightly disappointed as a german ... 
  :( no gyros for us ? 
  probably because suggesting such things as '' < former part of germany  is actually our land ! '', 
  is pretty much something almost exclusively neo nazis say . 
  / r/japan is funny . 
  i subscribed because i was going to learn japanese . 
  so i thought that i might as well take a look at discussions the japanese have about their country . 
  got pretty clear after a while that the majority there are a bunch of immigrants jerking off because japan is so much better than < country x , 
  same in / r/germany even though we 've got / r/deutschland and / r/de . 
  we do n't really post much except every now and them something like `` hey , what 's up with the fucking windy weather today ? '', 
  or some news or something but it 's pretty clear the majority is german especially when they forget the rules ( which should be treason ) and post in german . 
  a few months ago , i called people out on that . 
  because it 's a subreddit where foreigners can freely ask questions and take part in discussions as well as germans . 
  so i said `` read the rules ! '', 
  and then somebody asked me why i would n't just fuck off back to my own country ... 
  i always wanted to build a wall around my city to keep the dirty coal people from the north and the disgusting k\u00f6lsch drinking bastards from the south out but that was kind of funny . 
  why would they ? 
  because nobody would care except germans and you can look up the results per state on the internet . 
  every single time the results are out people start to talk about how state x is shit . 
  all 16 german states have different education systems . 
  do you want to list 16 german states now ? 
  just upgrade the wall, 
  to be different from you guys . 
  i thought we were the pc gaming master race with the most pc gamers per gamers in general ever ... 
  wait , are n't britons the people from britanny ? 
  buckse in low german ( spoken in the north and that word is present in central and northern high german dialects as well ), 
  if the u were short , it would be `` kussi '' in german which is a weird bastard version of k\u00fcsschen which means `` small/cute kiss '' ( the diminutive of kuss ( kiss ) ), 
  fuck you , english  . <, 
  i fucking hate that in german . 
  i ca n't understand the fucks in the south even when they speak slowly ( and they never do ! ), 
  so i ca n't fucking read it either ... 
  now i want to learn finnish . 
  it 's probably important to add that you do n't get shit if you 're under 25 and have n't worked a year or two as a german either . 
  if you 're under 25 , your parents are supposed to take care of you ( you also get child support . 
  usually , 180 euro or something go to your parents every month . 
  if you 're 18 , the money is supposed to be yours until you 're 25 or finished your education . 
  it 's like new zealand all over again , right ? 
  is there something where we 've got to click instead of typing ? 
  typing is stupid !, 
  i failed horribly at both of those ... 
  i knew all the countries but not where they were exactly :(, 
  the small ones are never a problem for me because it 's kind of weird to have tiny countries in other countries or between two giant ( from a european perspective ) countries . 
  like , why was luxembourg never annexed by germany ? 
  or why was andorra never annexed by spain or france . 
  or why was san marino never annexed by italy ? 
  it 's just weird . 
  and weird things stick . 
  though , i also think san marino sounds kind of italian . 
  luxembourg sounds like it 's a former german country in france ( like strasbourg ) because you usually have the proper * - burg * suffix in the english names if they 're german places ( like hamburg ) . 
  liechtenstein is the most german name i can think of so it 's sandwiched between 2 german countries . 
  that pretty much leaves andorra as the last possible option even though i do n't think it sounds either french nor spanish . 
  thanks to euiv and ck2 , i even know that there was something like the polish-lithuanian commonwealth !, 
  german states can sign international treaties . 
  i 'm wondering how many people can name all the german states ( not that you have to as a foreigner . 
  the federation is still the important bit on an international level ) . 
  but not in that fancy sing sang like estonia , letonia , lituania . 
  yeah but not as fancy as in spanish .
