  citizenship in germany is given by bloodline . 
  however , many of my class mates back in school that came from immigrant families could pick up the german passport with 16 . 
  i think if you are the child of permanent residents and grew up in germany , you can get the citizenship at some point as a teenager . 
  but they do n't have the right to have citizenship no matter what ( except if they were otherwise without citizenship ) . 
  also , germany does not allow for dual citizenship except in very extreme cases ( like , if not having citizenship of another country would make your living conditions a lot worse ) or if you have the right to citizenship of multiple countries at birth ( so , german parents having a child in the us , for example . 
  german citizen through blood , american because born on us soil ) . 
  and even then there is also a limit on for how long you can claim german citizenship . 
  a child born now by german parents in the us will not be able to just walk into the embassy in 30 years shouting `` ze german blood is floving zrough my veins ! '', 
  and then people throw a passport in your face . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  the nhs will cover you no matter what , i think . 
  the french probably as well . 
  but in germany , you 'll have to buy health insurance . 
  it 's like obama care but it works more smoothly ( meaning you only have a relative portion to pay no matter what , insurance companies can not reject you , you 're not insured for a certain amount of money and you get it for free if you ca n't pay for it ) . 
  it 's more like the nhs than me mess you hear about from the us but it 's still more of a hassle than what you 'll find in the uk or france . 
  the health care system varies from country to country so look up how stuff works once you know where you want to be . 
  what citizenship is he holding ? 
  i assume you 're american ? 
  it seems to be quite a lot of hassle for just a year . 
  / r/iwantout can help you more though . 
  also , are you not worried that he wants to stay and you do n't after that year ? 
  just curious . 
  well , you can always drive through china and then the middle east if you feel like it ( sarcasm !, 
  do n't do it ... ) also , do asian number plates usually use the latin script ? 
  because i 'd like to know what you have to do with the hangul on your number plate . 
  even though hangul is easy as fuck , no european who does n't speak korean will be able to remember it or write it down . 
  because there are 100 million native speakers with generally bad english skills . 
  lang-8 . com is the go to for written stuff if you want to learn a language . 
  as far as i know , you usually just send everybody a friend request that is a native if your target language and wants to learn your native language and then you hope that it sticks and then you just exchange skype ids . 
  edit : or just spam / r/german and / r/germany . 
  you might not find a german who wants to learn english that way but you 'll find germans that could help you out . 
  or if that sounds stupid and you like games ( specifically mmorpgs ) , just join a german server . 
  most big mmos have servers specifically for german . 
  i think they started to rebuild it or said how much it will cost right after they said that they wo n't send much money and support to the east when it got flooded . 
  so , in my opinion , fuck that damn palace . 
  if you 've got no money to help people whose towns are slowly sinking then you also do n't have money to rebuild a palace . 
  except if you 're a cunt . 
  which is fitting for almost every german politician one way or another . 
  that saying exists everywhere where you have a good chance of encounter any kind of unpleasant weather . 
  basically , the fear of nazism rising is higher than the desire to get rid of those laws . 
  what has been done until now is to just say that art is excluded meaning that , in theory , those laws are almost non-existent except for new media forms because that 's not art ( officially ) . 
  if a politician would touch those laws , he 'd literally commit political suicide . 
  to the general population , all those laws do is taking away a platform for neo-nazis to influence their children and spread hate against minorities . 
  so if a politician would touch that law , people would only think he 's a supporter of the far right . 
  and that is a red flag for 99 % of the country and also something where the majority of voters stop thinking clearly . 
  i ca n't think of much . 
  even like gay marriage is not that controversial . 
  merkel says `` nope , christian values and shit '' . 
  most of the population says `` what bollocks , fuck off '' and even some protestant official said something like `` we do n't care what people do in their bedroom or in the standesamt ( where you get legally married ) '' so it 's more like merkel and crazy south against the rest of germany . 
  i think what is a bit controversial is the recent arms delivery to the kurds since we usually do n't give people in crisis zones weapons ( i do n't think i have to explain why considering you 're american ) . 
  but then again , most people also think that we should stop isis no matter what so people do n't riot because of it . 
  what would probably get people really mad and would start this black and white thinking you see about some stuff in us news would be the anti nazi laws that currently censor video games . 
  if a politician would touch that , all hell breaks lose . 
  you do n't even have to do all that much . 
  technically , you 're still an empire . 
  just separate the uk into the kingdom of england , the kingdom of wales , the kingdom of scotland and the kingdom or northern ireland . 
  give the english , welsh and nis their own parliament and give them the rights to decide some things . 
  then put them into some council so you 've got something like the federal council in germany that bitch slap the `` federal '' ( technically , the empire 's government but i think federal or national would be less touchy ) government if they fuck up again and bam !, 
  your own little federation as a monarchy . 
  wrong . 
  in france , people will use putain a lot which means whore but is more used like fuck and shit . 
  but they use vous instead of tu for polite speech . 
  does that mean the french are more ( im ) polite than the americans ? 
  they just show politeness differently . 
  slavs usually do n't smile at people . 
  a smile is supposed to be genuine . 
  does that mean they 're all cold hearted bastards ? 
  nope . 
  they are just different . 
  they might think you 're idiots for smiling at everybody . 
  politeness and humour are not the same across cultures . 
  there are no generally polite or impolite things people do . 
  basque because it 's the odd one . 
  or maybe people just do n't understand what that 's supposed to mean . 
  maybe ( just maybe ) the question makes little sense to me . 
  not because it might ( ! ), 
  be a stupid question but because i simply do n't understand it . 
  what the hell does that even mean ? 
  i 'd disagree . 
  most people i know would define successful as achieving your life goals . 
  if you want to be a monk and you are a monk and you 're happy , you 're successful . 
  karneval should be around february in d\u00fcsseldorf and k\u00f6ln in germany . 
  drinking age for beer is 16 . 
  i can only speak for cs . 
  a friend of mine did n't even have a degree ( only what you in america would call hs + college prep courses focused on cs ) and got a job in cologne ( he lives in bavaria ) in a week or maybe 2 as a programmer . 
  so chances are high you will get something . 
  university is cheap in germany , by the way . 
  in germany , we had only one diploma after university . 
  you 'd be there for 5 years and have your degree . 
  now , we switched to the bachelor/master system . 
  but since the bachelor is only 3 years long , it still has a quite negative reputation . 
  so , if you already have your bachelor or are almost finished , you might want to go for a master now . 
  that 's not really a problem in most industries related to stem since there are a lot of jobs right now, 
  moving to europe is still not easy because of what you said . 
  the language is a requirement anyway for a visa so that does n't change much . 
  that said , learning a language is never a bad thing . 
  so go for french . 
  it can only help you . 
  canada or japan ( if i found a job that does not require me to work like an idiot ) . 
  i think there are also a lot of `` the same '' module .
