  well , you an always go up north . 
  there were a bunch of portuguese people when shit was hitting the fan that went to brazil but unfortunately , italy has no former colonies where they still speak italian . 
  so except parts of switzerland ( which is nearly impossible to immigrate to , i 'd say . 
  especially if they 'd get overrun by italian ) , there 's not much you can do without learning a new language . 
  if china would tell the us ( or anybody actually ) to piss off , your economy would go tits up faster than somebody could shut down the government . 
  because germany and china did n't risk the crash of the global economy because somebody did n't get what he wanted . 
  the german one is boring but the arabic one is funny . 
  is it just me or does o and \u00e5 sound the same ? 
  should have given him asylum earlier mrs grumpy shit-face ... 
  of course it 's still the same stuff . 
  nobody said it was n't meat on a stick . 
  as far as i can tell from google images , we neither use durum nor gobit nor ekmekarasi in germany . 
  but i might be wrong . 
  it 's a bit hard to tell if it 's ekmekarasi or not . 
  according to wikipedia , it 's called pida ( not pita . 
  that 's thinner and greek ) . 
  the original dish was not served in the bread . 
  he put it inside the funny bread because the german market wanted something to eat in a rush without sitting down apart from bratwurst . 
  you can only have multiple citizenships in germany if you can get every single one when you are born . 
  so , being born in america by german parents works because you get your german citizenship through jus sanguinis and your american citizenship through jus soli . 
  but if it were the other way around ( born in germany to one american and one german parent ) , you 'd have to fill out paperwork to get your american citizenship ( which never fails naturally . 
  would be kind of crazy if a child of american citizens would not get american citizenship ) which means that you ca n't have both and have to decide which one to keep . 
  but how did you get it ? 
  if you were born in the us to german parents , you can get us-german dual citizenship as well . 
  if you were born in germany to one american and one german parent , you 've got to choose between german or us citizenship . 
  you can in france ? 
  nvm then . 
  not that this is a problem as a irishmen . 
  i saw it as denying what is written in front of the colon . 
  like `` i would n't want as a neighbour : homosexuals '' `` no , i disagree with that statement '' . 
  and as far as i remember , you ca n't get two passports in most eu countries anyway so a dual ~ ~ us-france / ~ ~ us-german / whatever citizenship does n't work anyway . 
  or we just do n't use a shitty constructed language . 
  because beer and karneval . 
  well , cologne is on that list so it could be worse than frankfurt . 
  but there 's also d\u00fcsseldorf so it could be much better !, 
  well , i guess that the next problem is that roma do n't identify with the classical gypsy culture any more . 
  but i suppose that is less of a problem once there are a bunch of roma that actually care . 
  i 'm sure that at some point , those people would then promote their actual culture that has nothing to do with begging and stealing . 
  greece should never have joint the eu in the first place so it 's hardly the eu 's fault that greece went down the shitter . 
  at least not fully . 
  german was also the most common language after english in the us . 
  depends if i feel like it . 
  i do open the door in general , i 'd say , but i wo n't even think about it if i 'm playing games right now !, 
  the iceland subreddit is actually well visited by icelanders so it might be better to ask there . 
  see !, 
  do you think people would have fun at a party where everybody switches to a language you do n't speak because you 're currently not taking an active part in a conversation ? 
  i mean , you could n't even join a conversation because you do n't know what people are talking about . 
  and would you ask people to repeat everything they 've said again but in english so you * might * join them if you can contribute ? 
  that 's just rude . 
  what if you 're on a party ? 
  do people generally stick to english if there are people around that ca n't speak danish ? 
  not just english . 
  depending on the country , it can become incredibly hard to find people or/and experience the people you meet as they really are . 
  like , think about you , as a spaniard , being around a bunch of germans who all speak spanish as a second language and only know it from tv shows or the internet . 
  they 're not going to be comfortable speaking to you because the pressure of speaking one 's second language is always there . 
  on the other side , it 's incredibly easy to get comfortable with a language if you speak it every day anyway . 
  the immigrants who spoke german i 've talked to were also the happiest immigrants because nobody they met was really under pressure because they had to speak english . 
  as far as i remember , because the smoke is pretty cold compared to normal cigarettes , it gets deeper into your lungs and is therefore much more damaging than cigarettes . 
  yes but they 've got to show the warning text on the packages and you ca n't call cigarettes `` light '' anymore . 
  that pathetic anti nazi / propaganda laws . 
  i still think that somebody who tries to preach violence against people ( so basically hate speeches ) should still get arrested but it 's kind of pathetic that you ca n't display nazi symbols in pc games because pc games are not officially art . 
  i could also criticise the usk ( the people that rate our pc games ) but i think the other issue is more important especially since the usk got much more sane in the recent past . 
  not in most big cities . 
  which is why this statement is not true for most places . 
  some states are still like that . 
  in nrw , you can do what you want on sunday . 
  yeah but how many people will i meet that speak spanish then if i could learn french ( 4 hours to paris ) , dutch ( something like half an hour to venlo ) , czech or polish ( just across the country once ) or danish ( just a few hours to the north . 
  sweden and norway are not far then either ) . 
  and if i went to east asia , i might have more use for mandarin . 
  hell , i might have more use for irish than for spanish . 
  think about all the happy irish people if they notice that a german dude speaks irish just because he founds it interesting . 
  or welsh or whatever minority language . 
  i never understood that argument . 
  why should i care for those nations of i do n't intend to visit any of those except maybe spain . 
  most text books for dutch were basically comparisons and phrase books . 
  `` that 's how it works in german , that 's how it work in dutch . 
  now do that little exercise and move on '' . 
  i could probably deal with that . 
  i can not deal with being afraid of dying while driving . 
  do n't get a car . 
  the french and italians drive like pigs . 
  i mean english not german . 
  only 60 % of the germans actually speak ** english ** . 
  in the east , you might actually be better off with russian . 
  just in general , i 'd say that german is needed . 
  edit : brain fart ... wrote `` german '' instead of `` english '' . 
  says the dude living in bavaria where there is more open space than anything else . 
  it 's hard enough to find flats in d\u00fcsseldorf , cologne , duisburg , dortmund , essen , bochum anyway . 
  sometimes , that 's the only flat you can get . 
  yep . 
  but there is no union for zeitarbeiter and other people so they basically work like slaves . 
  sorry about that then . 
  in the past few days , there was a lot of `` well , in glorious america ... '' or `` i 'm not irish but irish-american . 
  so i think i can answer the question aimed towards irish people ! '', 
  so i read too much into your comment . 
  amsterdam -  paris -  london . 
  close , cheap train rides , awesome cities . 
  except that this does n't work . 
  extreme muslims in germany started to offer their daughters three possible husbands instead of arrange a marriage with one man . 
  what did the girls do ?
