  we can legally enjoy the sunshine in public with a nice , cold beer . 
  yes it 's `` arsch '' in german and the dictionary i used said `` arse ( brit . ) '', 
  and `` ass ( amer . ) '', 
  and you said something between `` i must stick the ball pen in your arse '' and `` i must close the ball pen in your arse '' `` ich muss den schraubenzieher in deinem arsch zusammen bauen . '', 
  is what you said . 
  but why would you want to assemble a screwdriver ? 
  arse is the british version of the american ass , i think . 
  it 's both regional slang . 
  butt is the regional independent version . 
  ass can mean `` idiot '' or `` donkey '' in britain as well . 
  at least that 's what a german - english dictionary says . 
  we already talked about how right those people were . 
  in my opinion , they were right but they are n't now . 
  and you probably should have read the link i 've posted . 
  getting your laws from a religion is a very big deal for me and that makes it similar enough for me to compare those countries . 
  which is still not the topic . 
  and still , you ignore the actual point . 
  this thread is about a political system . 
  about a political structure in the eu . 
  of course i am talking about a political system when i criticise a `` system '' . 
  you 're still talking about wars and corruption and about other countries who are not related to this discussion . 
   france ... what are they on , constitution 5 ? 
  what 's wrong with keeping a constitution up to date . 
  i have already told you that i think that your constitution is outdated in my opinion and i already gave you an example . 
   reread what i said : yes , our country has current problems . 
  yes , / r/politics is right about that . 
  however , those are not permanent problems . 
  so a problem is not a problem if it is n't 30 years old ? 
   look at yourself ... but maybe you should n't . 
  we thought hitler would be a temporary problem as well . 
  and since you 've already mention all the stuff you 've faced ( which was mostly war ) i 've got to ask myself how the current government can just ignore that and goes on with wars ( i criticise my government for joining the us in that ) and there is still no valid argument why i should read those constitutions . 
  it would be worth reading if i would be interested in politics in general . 
   and the fact that you thought it was like saudi arabia 's makes me lose faith in you i said that i have no idea how iran is and `` if it is slightly similar to saudi arabia ... '' was what i actually wrote . 
  canada is also slightly similar to the usa but it 's still very very different . 
  and , as you may know , iran is actually a islamic republic . 
  government and religion build one unit and laws are taken from islamic traditions and from the koran . 
  [ that ] ( http://prophetofdoom.net/the_little_green_book_1_03.islam ) was provided as a source on the german wikipedia . 
  which puts iran exactly next to saudi arabia on my list of countries that are reigned by extremists which makes it slightly similar . 
  and still ... like magister0 you completely ignored the problems i 've got with the political system of the usa i do n't know why that is . 
  are you just butt hurt that i do n't accept your country as the world greatest nation ? 
  or do you just live in the past and want to ignore everything that is going on today ? 
  philosophers are pretty unimportant today ( or is it just a temporary problem that a philosophy degree could be a hiring requirement for star bucks just as fine because those people will never find a job except teaching ? ) . 
  everything you just said says `` it worked in the past so it will work today '' and that is just plain wrong . 
  dream about your wars that worked just fine , dream about all the gay and black people who do n't get beaten to shit on american streets because you solved this `` temporary problem '' . 
  have fun with your philosophy books . 
  that was pretty much a lot of shit about nothing . 
   our system has produced a stable-nation that 's relative i think . 
  the eu could be as stable as the us if we would have twice as much countries as we have now . 
  it 's always funny how americans say that the economical big eu countries profit too much from the weak countries because those would pull down the currency rate . 
  they are basically right but how can your `` stable nation '' have an even cheaper currency if you would n't do the same ? 
  like you said . 
  5 % of the earth 's population and 1/5 of every good the world has . 
  you basically do the same . 
  see the states as one country and you have the same scenario as we have in the eu ( with less independent governments ) . 
  and you can stop the `` hur dur we are only 5 % of the population but so wonderful '' bullshit . 
  the biggest part of the population lives in poor as fuck countries and those are to be ignores in such comparisons . 
  they are basically statistical outliers ( please , no offence if you are from a poor country . 
  i 'm talking about statistics here . 
  you 're as important as people from wealthier countries ) or we are statistical outliers if you would prefer it this way . 
  so the first paragraph is pretty much bollocks because it does n't say more then , `` you work a lot '' , which has nothing to do with the system . 
  but i could tell you how bad your social supports are compared to europe if you want ? 
  for the next part : i think the constitution is old . 
  it needs an update . 
  allowing people to buy almost every weapon based on a law that was made when weapons in comparison to today were very inaccurate and just in general worse and not as effective , is just madness . 
  but since there are a lot of differences in our cultures , i wo n't comment on that and just leave it . 
  i also do n't think that i have to read books written by philosophers to detect a broken system . 
  in face , since we have now the internet , i just have to go to / r/politics and facepalm a lot about what happens in america . 
  but again , politicians are not really something that affects the political system . 
  and why should i `` study '' the chinese ( ex-communistic country . 
  probably the worst nation every at the moment ) , russian ( as well as china an ex-communistic country ) , nigerian ( 3rd world . 
  we had that before ) , mexican ( i 'd call it almost a third world country . 
  every country where people are climbing on driving trains to get into another country is 3rd world for me but i do n't know if there is an official classification and if mexico is a part of it ) , iran ( have n't you exported democracy yet ? 
  i have no idea about iran but if it is just slightly similar to extreme religious countries like saudi arabia , it is still not comparable ) or the constitution of the uk ? 
  only the uk is comparable and i doubt that it is much different from the german one which means that there are again a bunch of culture differences compared to the usa . 
  you pretty much left out everything that affects the political system directly . 
  the problem is basically your voting system , the 2 party system and so on . 
  but i doubt that i need to write more about that to a butt hurt american . 
  that pretty much sounded like you are just mad because people do n't think you 're beloved nation is not the best . 
  bush got reelected in 2004 ? 
  damn than it was the first election . 
   and that 's never affected the outcome of an election . 
  but your system makes it possible . 
   presidents have been elected with less than 50 % more than 3 times . 
  even worse  it does bother me . 
  you said something that was incorrect and i corrected you . 
  that does n't make it better . 
  the key elements which make your system a failure still stand . 
  and you have n't even try to deny that the 2 party system is shit . 
  i messed things up . 
  bush got reelected with under 50 % of citizens who voted for him ( that happened twice before ) not because the electors did n't do what they were supposed to do . 
  still , around 80 times an elector did n't vote for the candidate he was supposed to vote for . 
   american presidents are never elected with these numbers . 
  like i said , it happened three times in the past . 
  not with 21.91 % but with under 50 % . 
  it is basically possible because the smaller states get extra votes because a state needs at least 3 votes which means that if you get over 50 % in a lot of states which would get 1 or 2 extra votes , you can become president with 21.91 % actual votes for you because those votes add up to 50.19 % from the states you win . 
  and now you might think that this is a very unlikely scenario . 
  that 's true but if i think about how many times americans get a shit fit if the thread is about european free speech laws , i think that the electoral college should bother you . 
  more [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=pl87db3f7e8107a4ae&amp;v=7wc42hgla4k&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=259s ) edit : forgot something . 
  citizens of us territories ( they are us citizens and have a us passport ) are not allowed to vote so they are basically second class citizens if i would want to be a bit dramatically . 
  you can become president with a bit over 20 % voted for you .
