  new york , los angeles , san francisco , dc , huston , dallas , chicago , detroit , miami , seattle , new jersey ( i hope that 's a city ) , boston , some others with san but i could n't tell you where they are , atlanta , philadelphia , now it 's kind of fishy . 
  canada : toronto , ottawa , montreal , quebec city , vancouver and everything else is ice and death . 
  you have better vodka though . 
  that 's kind of really wrong . 
  german , english and dutch are all three west germanic languages that split around ( i 'm doing this from memory so do n't quote me on that ) somewhere after 500 ad . 
  they did n't come from german and there 's certainly not some kind of german -  dutch -  english thing going on . 
  curry . 
  we have `` curry powder '' that tastes like literally nothing that we use for curry wurst . 
  it 's literally not spicy at all . 
  it 's absolutely useless for anything but curry wurst if you do n't mix it with cayenne pepper and even then it does n't taste all that good . 
  most american response ever . 
  become a teacher . 
  change the future of the next generation so that they can do better . 
  really , as a soldier , you 're not serving anybody but greedy politicians and corporations . 
  learn german first and then dutch . 
  there are 3 weeks crash courses for german immigrants in the netherlands because that 's all you need as a german to get by and learn on your own . 
  dutch helps a little with german , german is pretty much cheating if you want to learn dutch . 
  some dude in / r/languagelearning said he wanted to learn a new language and all he cared for was that it 's asian . 
  so somebody said `` uzbek . 
  i mean it 's asian and that 's all you care for so why not uzbek ? '', 
  and since then asking questions about which language to learn next us usually answered with `` why not uzbek ? '', 
  well , that 's the trade off . 
  a french accent is like cheating for seducing foreigners ( at least to me ) but in return , your men are shit . 
  everybody down voting you because nobody can be arsed to learn the flags of the balkan . 
  do they check your blood for stds when you donate ? 
  that 's pretty much how you get a free std test here . 
  you donate blood and then you can put a sticker on it that either says `` use my blood '' or `` do n't use my blood '' and they 'll test the blood and inform you either way . 
  yeah you 're not relaxed at all . 
  do n't really care to be honest . 
  like , what am i supposed to do about that ? 
  either they believe me if i tell them that everything is fine or they do n't . 
  if they do n't , fuck em . 
  american cities are far more dangerous than european cities so i 'll just have a good chuckle and move on . 
  yep . 
  and torture . 
  that was amongst my friends the thing that kind of got the us a really bad reputation . 
  celtic languages are probably the weirdest indo european languages spoken in europe . 
  like , the only thing more different to english in europe is finnish , hungarian and basque and stuff like that . 
  nope . 
  the only negative thing people have to say about east asians is that chinese tourists can be loud and obnoxious but if you 're not a loud chinese tourist then nobody will give a damn . 
  the voice is actually dutch . 
  an awful lot of those casting y talent shows are dutch , i think . 
  nah that 's only him . 
  i 'm actually surprised he has n't used `` o_o '' as well . 
  that 's usually what he does . 
  being a dick and finishing every sentence with o_o . 
  the dutch are nice people . 
  do n't worry . 
  what ? 
  it 's the heating on ? 
  33 \u00b0 inside when it 's 18 \u00b0 outside seems impossible . 
  the downfall ( der untergang ) but that actually works kind of because the setting itself is very sterile and bruno ganz ( hitler ) is an awesome actor . 
  like , you 'd expect the nazis to be hyper correct and everything . 
  die welle ( the wave . 
  the remake is very awesome in case you 're worried ) . 
  the film takes place in a high school and they have something like a `` political ideology week '' and the teacher that got fascism as a topic was actually very involved in the left wing autonomous scene so he was pissed that he did n't get communism ( which was taught by a boring old guy ) . 
  he then says `` fuck it '' and actually tries to create a little fascist movement to show the students how fascism works . 
  very relevant at the moment . 
  i highly suggest you watch that . 
  good bye , lenin !, 
  is also awesome ( if the humour translates ) . 
  basically , some dude 's grandmother in east germany falls into a coma , the gdr falls , grandma wakes up but she was loyal to the sed ( the east german party ) so they pretend that nothing happened until they can tell her gently what happened so she does n't get a heart attack . 
  generally , for german cinema , if it 's about our history ( like , people in / r/askhistorians have praised the downfall for being well researched and quite accurate ) or based on a german books , it 's at least worth a try . 
  in case the `` sterile and clean dialect '' did n't make sense : we have a de facto standard dialect in germany because otherwise we could n't understand each other ( at least if we talk about extremes . 
  like , if a dude from the south talks to a dude from the north they wo n't understand each other and i 'd understand neither of them being from somewhere in the middle ) and that generally makes movies and video game dubs really , really annoying because everybody talks like they 're in a very formal situation which is just off ... german productions usually do n't do that all that much . 
  like , you 'll usually have a bit of a regional influence in the characters dialect and then sometimes , they make a very snobby character speak the standard dialect . 
  but every now and then you have an actor who just speaks the standard dialect for no reason and it 's annoying . 
  in dubs , everybody speaks like that . 
  especially in games . 
   giving up sovereignty in return for a single market the eu is a union . 
  not an empire . 
  you do n't give up shit . 
  you come together as a union trying to decide what is best for the continent . 
  that is the whole point . 
   why is this not seen as in issue for average europeans ? 
  europe has experienced the very worst of nationalism for a 1000 + years . 
  our leaders of the past were the very definition of evil . 
  our action of the past have been the very definition of the worst crimes ever committed by human kind . 
  our policies and ideologies have been the worst centuries people in other parts of the world have ever experienced . 
  the death of cultures and languages came out of our doing . 
  the eu is a chance ( and has been successful so far ) to do the exact opposite . 
  to live in peace , to live together with people of other cultures and speakers of other languages . 
  something that has n't happened in europe since the roman empire and the romans achieved this peace by conquering . 
  the eu did n't . 
   a lot of people i know see britain declaring `` independence '' from the eu as a good thing , me included . 
  the uk did n't declare independence , they left a union . 
  nobody can stop them , they 're free to go if they want to . 
  how is that not being independent ? 
  the leave campaign was built on lies . 
  the polish immigrants that are in the uk are there because the uk wanted them there . 
  they 've been pushing for the east extension of the eu so that they have allies against federalisation ( which is something that will never happen without every member state agreeing ) . 
  the uk also was against letting the parliament elect juncker . 
  the `` anti-democratic '' eu is a fabrication by the uk . 
  not just that but also something the uk tried to strengthen by being opposed to letting a democratically elected parliament elect the president of the commission . 
  and why ? 
  because power . 
  the uk government was able to oppose anything that the commission had to decide on . 
  now the president is elected by the parliament meaning that every eu citizen has the same say in it ( though their elections in the parliament ) . 
   how does the eu effect your life and what would be different if your nation was not in it ? 
  freedom of movement .
