  but to say that you ca n't fight corruption because `` that is how you roll '' is just bollocks . 
  the only thing i 've heard from you is `` those bad , bad eu people '' and `` you ca n't fight corruption '', 
  nope . 
  you said that bavaria is now giving money to other states . 
  bavaria received money years ago . 
  so bavaria is not the holy land where money and jobs grows on trees . 
  they received money , did well with it and are now helping other states out like it could work in the eu if we would n't burn the money for olympics . 
  edit : important typo fixed . 
  my grandmother is close to 80 years old and was in london with school and the teacher invited them to a fancy restaurant and the whole menu was in french . 
  french was definitely a upper class thing in a lot of countries . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=datei:benrather_und_speyerer_linie.png&amp;filetimestamp=20120520110628 everything south of the `` machen maken '' line is a high german dialect which are separated in `` mittel '' ( middle ) and `` ober '' ( upper ) german dialects but `` upper '' means here the height of the land ( mountains ) . 
  bavarians speak an upper german dialect so one of the high german dialects . 
  everything above the `` maken - machen '' line is called a `` niederdeutsch '' ( that means lower german . 
  again , hight of the land , i suppose ) dialect . 
  maybe you notice something here : deutsch ( the german word for german ) - dutch niederlande ( the german word for netherlands ) - netherlands right . 
  modern dutch evolved out of a lower german dialect and the old `` platt '' ( that 's what you call lower german dialects ) from the north sounds a lot like dutch without those hard sounds . 
  but those lower german dialects can vary a lot and they 've changed in time . 
  if you look at the map , d\u00fcsseldorf is north of the maken - machen line . 
  the dialect here is also called `` d\u00fcsseldorfer platt '' . 
  but it sounds a lot more like k\u00f6lsch ( dialect from cologne ( k\u00f6ln in german ) ) than a hamburger dialect . 
  as far as i know the `` l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich '' listed bavaria on the receiving list some years ago . 
  so bavaria did n't save our arse since forever . 
  `` we do n't fight corruption because this is how we do stuff here '' that 's all i get from that post . 
  yeah i thought it would be a good example about how much less age differences around 20 matter . 
  i did fachabitur last year as well ... my informatik teacher was a good for nothing like coffee and cigarettes smelling bitch ... well then i did fachabitur focused in computer science so the that was less of a problem with gaming then ... 
  when did you went to school ? 
  am i really that old that it is now unusual that teachers are idiots and scream `` amoklauf ! '', 
  as soon as somebody mentions computer games ? 
  well , are there other countries where the underground is called metro in europe ? 
  i just suppose you 're in france now . 
  the french are pretty open minded about that as far as i 've seen . 
  i have family in paris and while we would here in germany keep a distance to people we do n't know at first , the friends of my family i 've never seen in my life started the whole `` kiss left ; kiss right '' thing . 
  very uncomfortable as a german since we are pretty cold when we meat people the first time . 
  so ... as a teacher i 'd say that it is weird because you 're clearly some kind of authority and you should keep a professional distance . 
  although , you 're 20 and it is impossible in germany to be a teacher with 20 so i 've got no idea how old your students are and how it is to have a teacher less than 10 years older than me . 
  if your students are over 16 , it should n't be a problem ( i would n't want to hang out with 16 years old in general but some people are probably mentally older ) . 
  here in germany , teacher started to `` siezen '' ( that 's the polite form of addressing in german ) you in 11th grade ( that 's around 16 ) and put themselves more equal towards you and with a lot more respect instead of the usual teacher - student relation . 
  well , there should n't be a problem legally . 
  in germany , sex with a 14 years old is legal under normal circumstances and if one person is a authority personality , the minimum age for sex is 16 . 
  i highly doubt that a normal friendly relationship will get you in any trouble in france or any other european country . 
  we are most certainly not easy to generalise as `` europeans '' but in those matters , laws are pretty much comparable . 
  why have i never done that ? 
  probably because my teachers were all old and grumpy ... 
  what if we just call it european union ... oh wait !, 
  or something like `` united nations of europe '' or `` united nations of the european continent '' if you want something more catchy . 
  well at lest in one important matter scotland could achieve independence :d, 
  so education is not a matter for the crown ? 
  ( i think you can compare that with federal level and state level in other countries , ca n't you ? ), 
  you 've got tea and your beer is brilliant . 
  is n't it almost everywhere in europe like 2 parties would always get elected again and adopt whatever is a hot topic right now in their policies and the extremist guys vote their parties for 5 % or something like that ? 
  not just the uk it 's basically the whole of europe probably including the british commonwealth ( i 've no idea about australia but canada seems to be pretty european with social policies ) that disagree with us policies on social matters . 
  well , that 's what i call a clarification . 
  thank you very much i 'll definitely take a look at the other post you 've mentioned . 
  but how present is corruption actually in portugal ? 
  like i 've said , as soon as i mention corruption here , people tell me how brainwashed i am because of the german press even though i do n't consume german media at all . 
  you seem to be one of the people who actually could explain some things . 
  i 've heard `` he 's making stuff up '' way to often in / r/europe and on reddit in general to not assume that you 'd be making stuff up without proving different . 
  especially since [ your comment here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/znii3/portugal_adds_new_austerity_measures/c664l2s )  this is the last nail in the coffin of the portuguese economy . 
  with a deep recession , a skyrocketing unemployment , the government decided to cut at least a salary from everyone ( can reach 3 on some public sector cases ) . 
  every sector of the society condenmed this meassures , from the unions to the bussiness associations , from right wing to left wing , everyone thinks this is batshit insane and will only worsen the economy . 
  basically is about the same problems fanboy_killer says he has to face . 
  so what is he making up then ? 
  is it easy to get a visa in brasil as a portuguese ? 
  i could probably leave my country but not europe . 
  a lot of respect to the people who actually managed to leave for brasil . 
  apologise . 
  i 've forgotten to make clear that i mean `` slavery '' in compared to german standards ( since you can pay your rent , cheap food and electricity if you 're lucky but that 's about it ) and i 'm very well aware that you get a lot further with 100 $ in romania or portugal than you can in germany , france or the uk . 
  where did your friends go to ? 
  i mean spain is the closest but like jumping from one litter box to another . 
  have they found jobs ? 
  i 'd say that i would n't wait long to get out of a dying nation but i have n't been in such a situation so there 's no way i actually know what i am talking about . 
  while i think the idea is a good one i also fear that people would vote for stuff without knowing what they 're talking about . 
  i 'd feel very uncomfortable with giving a vote for a topic i do n't know much about but since people are stupid ( one person can be clever but people are stupid ) , they 'd just vote for something instead of educating themselves or do n't vote at all which will probably result in more bollocks than we 've got today . 
   at this point i only trust an european organism to keep control of the rampant austerity and massive corruption in my country . 
  i hope you do n't mind if i bookmark your comment for the next time somebody tells me that i 'd just be brain washed by the german press when i talk about corruption in south europe . 
  what can you buy for 700 $ ? 
  i mean ... 700 $ for a full time job is close to slavery ( in germany . 
  that would cover the rent and food and probably electricity ) . 
  how do you even get through half the month ? 
  i do n't think that would be possible here without living in the shittiest flat you can find and eat the cheapest crap you can buy . 
  i hope anything get 's better for the portuguese in the near future . 
  * internet hug * edit : made it clear that i mean slavery for german standard . 
  i 'm well aware of the differences about general expenses across europe . 
  i do n't know in which subreddit that was . 
  there was an italian once who told about how police pulled his father over and wanted to have money because they had to pay something like a luxury tax for expensive cars . 
  their car was definitely not expensive enough to justify such a tax and such a tax probably wo n't be collected on the street by the police . 
  i think that was in / r/askreddit in a thread about exactly that topic . 
  then there was a post once ( and some reposts ) that was basically a table that showed results of a survey that also asked the question about the most corrupt european country and italians and greeks named their own country the most . 
  the federal republic of germany joined the nato at the 9th of may 1955 and founded the bundeswehr ( our military ) at the 12th of november 1955 . 
  how is a country militarising without a military ? 
  and which restriction have we broken in the 10 years after ww2 ? 
  and why should that matter now ? 
  probably because you 're talking bullshit . 
  after joining the nato in the mid 50s , most military restriction went away from germany and japan . 
  after german unification , the other minor restrictions left were also gone . 
  any military restriction that is currently active are set upon us ( and japan ) by ourself in our constitution . 
  never . 
  if a politician is criticising israel , he basically commits political suicide . 
  we will bend over , lick israel 's butt hole , say `` yes , master ! '', 
  and stop the export ( which is a good thing but for the wrong reasons ) .
