  you could at least mention the country . 
  that is actually a quite recent thing . 
  when i was in school ( like , when sido got popular ) , eminem and 50 cent where the shit . 
  german rap as well but american rap was more popular . 
  however , these days , spotify is full of german rap . 
  like , it 's everywhere . 
  less than in norway . 
  everything is cheaper than norway . 
  10 slices of not so shitty toast cost you a euro . 
  you can google mcdonald 's yourself . 
  restaurants can be very cheap ( mcdonalds ) to very expensive . 
  you can get a good pizza for a few euros though . 
  same with spread . 
  you can get the cheap shit that taste like the stuff not even the dog wanted to eat or some nice stuff that cost you a few euros for 100g . 
  just write it on a piece of paper and hand it to the dude . 
  if you say it like that , the dude either does n't understand you or thinks you 're a bit special . 
  fuck sap , man ... fucking hate that beast ... 
  that is a real answer about the nightlife in most european city . 
  a lot of bars and clubs are in city centres close to the old town . 
  if you ca n't walk on cobblestone with high heels , you will hurt yourself in at least one of those cities . 
  as a career , yes . 
  like , if you told somebody that you totally do n't understand why you ca n't find a job with a history degree , you get weird looks . 
  in term of the degree itself , no . 
  every professional education is an achievement and people treat you like it . 
  and if you found a job , the first point obviously is n't a problem anymore . 
  like , when i told people that i 'd have studied linguistics if i could n't study computer science , there first reaction was `` hard to make money with that '' . 
  and in general , i rarely see that sort of degree shaming `` hurp durp stem master race ! '', 
  anywhere in germany . 
  short question : why ca n't you marry your girlfriend ? 
  i mean , if there 's a european country where you can marry , that 's the obvious choice . 
  even if you 'd need to learn the language ( you can get by with english almost everywhere in europe . 
  it 's just hard . 
  so learning the language is needed at some point ) . 
  once you 're married and your girlfriend can apply for a spouse visa , you 're pretty much good to go . 
  that 's certainly easier than getting a us visa for you . 
  you need to learn the language in some countries for a spouse visa , though . 
  but that 's not that hard . 
  seriously , most european languages ( apart from a few ) are easy as balls . 
  especially for your girlfriend because she 'll have less of a tendency to stick to the way her native language works . 
   i do n't really want to leave my home california would be your best bet based on the language alone but the eu would make moving back to the uk a lot cheaper and easier ( and less paperwork ) . 
  the netherlands , scandinavian countries , finland and luxembourg have the most english speakers . 
  her mandarin is pretty much irrelevant . 
  ca n't really say how relevant the local language is for the jobs you can do with your degree . 
  in theory only in the country of which you hold the nationality . 
  everybody else can kick you out again ( back to the country you are a national of ) . 
  some national restrictions might apply . 
  for example , in germany , if you 're younger than 25 , you do n't get shit and they tell you to move back in with your parents . 
  you should get the germany specific site via ebay.de . 
  you can also try amazon.de if they ship to poland ( i know that other amazon stores ship to germany but i 'm not sure if all the more localised websites ship to countries where amazon is not a thing ) . 
  next to what gyxmaz said , think about what would happen once you leave . 
  you 're an island nation . 
  you can import anything from the continent without customs . 
  even you as a private person . 
  something on amazon.de is cheaper than . co.uk ? 
  google translate and off you go !, 
  i bought some games from amazon.co.uk because they were cheaper even with delivery . 
  you can do that the other way around . 
  literally anything . 
  you can live anywhere in the eu . 
  that would be gone . 
  you can work anywhere in the eu . 
  that would be gone either . 
  of course you could take a similar deal to norway or iceland but you do n't have anything that 's worth it . 
  the norwegians have an awful lot of oil and a small population . 
  the icelanders rely a lot on fishing and have a small population . 
  for them , forfeiting every right to influence the eu but still being a `` member '' works because they have assets worth protecting and a population to small to stir anything in a certain direction . 
  you guys are like 65 million people . 
  the uk is one of the few countries that could actually make a difference . 
  in my opinion , you 'd benefit more from staying in the uk and committing ( give us some proper shit , please ... that fake screaming cameron pulls off is only political pandering ) than leaving . 
  also , eu immigrants contribute 2 billion pound to the british economy . 
  so , they 're not `` stealing your jobs and money '' . 
  i would say so . 
  maybe mostly historical but talking to turks ( actual turks . 
  i feel like i need to say that as a german because , obviously , the turkish-germans will be more familiar to me just because they grow up here ) does not feel all that different from talking to greeks . 
  they are different from germany , obviously , but then again turkey is not right next door and the further east you go the more different people become as well . 
  and nobody would suggest that eastern europeans are n't european . 
  i see it a lot like language . 
  you do n't have a clear cut between german and dutch either . 
  it gradually transitions from one language to the other . 
  similarly , you do n't expect the turks to just start being european ( whatever that would mean ) even though the middle east is right next door . 
  just so people know : the altaic language family is very , very controversial and usually only die hard altaicsists ( that looks horrible ... probably misspelt ) use it . 
  yes but like the french one , it 's very splintered . 
  also a bunch of austrians bitching so it sucks a little . 
  and how many of the others are in africa where not 100 % of the people have the ability to get fast internet access if any at all ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  france is by far the largest developed francophone nation and there are n't really any websites like reddit exclusively for french . 
  so they do n't really get together like anglophones on reddit do . 
   1 ) can spanish/uk inmigration turn me back at the airport ? 
  you 're absolutely fine if you immigrate with the portuguese passport . 
  they probably would n't even look at it . 
  just `` oh , portugal . 
  is it real ? 
  yes . 
  move on ! '', 
   2 ) i 'm aware that if i live in an eu country other than portugal , they have to right to deport me to portugal if i commit a crime or something . 
  but is there any freaky reason they might deport me to venezuela instead ?? 
  ( excluding a situation where i lose my portuguese citizenship which i 'll ask about in the next question ) i do n't think so . 
  the portuguese citizenship gives you the right to stay in the eu . 
   3 ) i have portuguese citizenship through descent . 
  my father and his parents were born in portugal/full portuguese citizens .
