  if you 've got one idiot saying shit on his facebook walls about homosexuals , that 's just an unpopular opinion . 
  but if people use their followers on facebook or twitter or on any social networking website as an audience to only spread hate speeches and demanding stuff like executions of homosexuals , that 's definitely a hate speech . 
  basically , if one of many posts is like that , it 's an unpopular opinion . 
  if everything that person puts on facebook is like that , it 's preaching hate . 
  critique and hate is also easy to separate . 
  there are reasons to criticise the us and israel for their behaviour . 
  extreme anti-homosexual , anti-immigrants and anti-religion speeches just for the irrational purpose that you do n't like those things is hate . 
  this is france . 
  france is not representative for whole europe . 
  just because the french government gets kind of extreme right now ( and , as the update on that article says , the french population is objecting ) , that does n't mean that proper hate speeches are not to be banned . 
  i 'm surprised that those laws are so open to interpretation . 
  they are n't in germany and i thought this was common practice in all european countries . 
  germany since the 50s . 
  that would be the other way around . 
  because we 'd rather burn the whole continent down before we unite our countries . 
  or we all just stop pissing people off by joining americans in their wars and then we might not need to defend ourselves . 
  i do n't see a quote . 
  i 'm talking about beating to death and not just beating them . 
  statistically , men are more likely to do that . 
  i 'm very well aware of the fact that women beat their husbands and children as well as men do . 
  it 's both murder . 
  and germans beat the shit out of their wives and children with a hammer to then jump out of the hospital window after they 've failed to kill themselves ( happened in d\u00fcsseldorf a few years ago . 
  my father was the undertaker for the whole family ) . 
  that happened so rarely that you are not even close to statistical evidence for such events . 
  oh and do n't forget that police officer who raped his young daughter because he thought as the father , he has the right to take her virginity . 
  i could come up with a lot of examples for stuff at least as rare as the acid incident committed by germans . 
  good old hilden . 
  one of the few places where i always have my hands on my wallet . 
  for the people that do n't live near hilden : hilden is a small town right next to d\u00fcsseldorf and has some serious shady parts . 
  while you can avoid such district in a big city , hilden is so small that there is mostly no way around it especially since the bus ( 781 ) from d\u00fcsseldorf to the centre of hilden drives through those parts of the town . 
  at first , i expected that to took place in bonn but it 's easily imaginable that , between drug addicts , drug dealers , poverty and crime in general , a extremely religious muslim family is living in their own little world . 
  i meant `` beside humans '' but forgot to mention it for whatever reason . 
  http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2009/05/13/dolphins_are_violent_predators_that_kill_their_own_babies.html http://scienceray.com/biology/marine-biology/not-so-cute-dolphin-gang-rape/ while dolphins might not be the only animals that rape for enjoyment and fun , they 're one of the few that can afford to have sex at any time . 
  ducks rape , too , but a duck ca n't keep a sex slave busy for almost a week because it will most likely get eaten by a cat . 
  dolphins are strong animals and like to `` gang rape '' which means they can defend themselves against a shark even if they 're shagging . 
  dolphins are the only species , beside humans , that rapes and murders ** for fun ** ( yes , other animals rape as well but for reproduction and not for fun ) . 
  so bring on the knives and heat up the oven !, 
  find the article in english or post the german one and wait for somebody to translate it if it 's not that long . 
  i 'm pretty sure somebody would post a tl ; dr version . 
  i found mistakes which makes the sentence not understandable . 
  maybe you were lucky once but the next article might not be translated `` understandable '' ( as far as you can call this one understandable ) . 
  a native might get around that bad grammar but a non-native might have problems . 
  i do n't know . 
  it was one of those small einsfestival or zdfneo documentaries . 
  it seemed pretty neutral ( since frontal 21 is a production of the zdf , i 'm always a bit careful with those channels ) . 
  i think bonn is pretty much the capital of islamic extremists as far as i know . 
  or we stop doing that bullshit because it does n't take me 10 seconds to find mistakes in the translation . 
  turks in germany are mostly from small villages and take their religion very serious . 
  i doubt a lot of them are salafists but hate against homosexuals , hate against the daughter / sister that has a german boyfriend ( and therefore honour murders ) , twisted family hierarchy ( the 6 years old son is dealing with other people instead of the mother if the father is not available ) , arranged marriage and so on is way too common . 
  there was a documentary on a german tv channel a few weeks ago about that . 
  they 've filmed in a typical muslim district ^ 1 in berlin ( i 'm not sure about berlin , though ) and asked social workers and the affected themselves stuff . 
  extreme religious muslims even try to cover up arranged marriages by offering their daughters 3 or 4 possible husbands so they tell everybody that they have chosen their husbands ( which is true but not in the meaning of what europeans would call choice ) . 
  i think the difference gets very , very clear if you go to a university where you 'll find a lot of immigrants ( including turks ) who came here to study . 
  nicest people ever . 
  no religious hate whatsoever . 
  muslim district does not mean that it 's a ghetto . 
  the first turkish immigrants that came here just moved into some cheap flat and because it 's more likely that other people from small villages know somebody in germany instead of big turkish cities ( where extreme religious people are less excepted than in germany ) so they move somewhere near them which transformed some districts into districts which high turkish popularity . 
  i can always convince my fathers family that potato salad is a bad idea and my mothers side of the family loves good food way too much to eat potato salad for christmas . 
  my family does n't do that either . 
  this year , it 's venison !, 
  damn potato salad with sausages ... 
  but we do n't have to drive for 2 days to get there . 
  i can even take my student ticket to holland !, 
  half an hour from home . 
  funny images with more than 3 words of text or no text at all are kind of funny but that 's about what i 'd want to see here . 
  hopefully our brown sheep gets banned soon as well !, 
  that 's always fun to watch . 
  politicians behaving in a weird way and telling everybody to arm themselves . 
  so like always ? 
  idiots idiots random tragedy stuff i can google easier than waiting for news people get poorer and nothing will happen ... 
  oh i just have that image in my head of the royal family watching bbc news and then all of a sudden they choke on their tea and get a cough attack when the reporter is announcing it pale as a ghost . 
  what about french-german empire ? 
  i have family in paris :( but luxenbourg is brilliant !, 
  who would miss them anyway ? 
  i have just forgotten them . 
  let 's just say the french are nice people and do n't fuck us over :d, 
  or we just invade belgium together and make belgium our capital !, 
  or we just keep paris because paris is prettier than berlin . 
  or we actually make that little town at the border a metropolis and our capital . 
  why not d\u00fcsseldorf ? 
  that was once the place where all the industry in the ruhr region had their headquarters and we were called `` little paris '' for whatever reason . 
  also , that would mean that cologne is once again not important which would make my heart jump with joy . 
  that was the reasoning why women heart attacks were so rare . 
  most of them were house wives while the man was doing a job that sometimes involved stress no matter if physical or mental stress . 
  now , women work as much as men do so the heart attack ration is balanced . 
  that 's an improvement if you do n't steal our cars :d ( i hope nobody takes that seriously . 
  i 'm always a bit paranoid when making fun about poland ), 
  since the polish woe steal our panzers and the french would n't give us wine , both would have a say . 
  that sounds oddly familiar . 
  a lot of americans say in / r/germany that nobody would like them because we 're not that open to strangers ( not because of nationality but just strangers in general ) and , as it looks , that 's not the usual case in the us . 
  the polish or the french ? 
  i 'd want you :(, 
  most people do to not cause confusion . 
  in what dialect you write really depends on what media you consume . 
  i never liked american accents so i 'd most likely say or write football , pavement , colour , generalise , arse and so on . 
  if somebody has always watched american shows in english , they 'd probably say or write soccer , sidewalk , color , generalize , ass . 
  english is not a language we speak with each other in germany so there is nothing like a germany english dialect . 
  how are you going to get up a hill with wooden shoes ? 
   get some politicians trown in jail or something . 
  or roll them down a cliff `` by accident '' .
