  on the 1st of march , there are always violent protests in berlin making parts of the city to a war zone . 
  the last `` not regular '' incident was a bunch of expensive cars lit on fire at night . 
  there are far left organisations ( which names i 've forgotten since i 'm very bad with names . 
  i 'll ask around if somebody knows the name ) that are at least as violent as the neo nazis but not as well known since it 's not an obvious problem . 
  that 's greece and not india . 
  yes . 
  since you ca n't deport german citizens , we 'd have to find another punishment and there is n't much stuff comparable to deporting except jail . 
  the npd is a problem since they are a party and they always defend themselves with freedom of speech . 
  but i 'm no politician or law expert so i 'd like to ignore that . 
  but in theory , they should be punishes as well . 
  but on the other side , a lot of those gastarbeiter are happily adopting the german culture and combine their native culture with ours beautifully . 
  it 's , one again , the bunch of black sheep that cause problems . 
  that you ca n't kick some out should n't stop you from kick those out you actually can . 
  you do n't legalise rape because you ca n't prosecute diplomats either , right ? 
  and still , if european countries would make those 3 little paragraphs to actual laws that get punished with departure for immigrants and jail time for the rest , that problem would also be solved . 
  i 've edited my post just as you replied . 
  maybe that clarifies what i mean . 
  well , the extremists want to see legal actions against blasphemy ( in that particular case ) which is slightly different from lobbying for your interests as a group . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  it 's like those guys in the uk that got arrested because they demanded the death penalty for homosexuals . 
  since they tried to spread their bullshit like propaganda and hate speeches , they got arrested and you could very well argue that they would have violated the secularity of the nation ( i know that the uk is probably not the best example of secularity ) while they would make a suggestion as lobbyist which could then be rejected since its against secularity and other things like human rights and stuff like that . 
  i do n't think that an artificial language would work . 
  it takes time to develop a proper language without influences from others and then you 've got to make sure that it is easily pronounced for everybody ( try a brit to pronounce the german `` ch '' and a german to pronounce the english `` th '' . 
  so simple stuff for a native but so hard for a second language speaker ) . 
  the language also has to be powerful enough to sound clever and precise enough to make business arrangements . 
  since whatever english speaking countries call `` accent free '' ( that 's bbc english in the uk , for example ) is always very neutral and very easy to understand , english is probably the best way to go since native countries are easily to reach for the majority of the population and the dialect you 'll most likely learn is understood well in other countries ( and i mean the proper dialects like british english and american english . 
  of course you do n't understand a lonely welsh or texan farmer if you 're not used to the accent ) . 
  but i 've seen a lot of articles on wikipedia marked as `` simple english '' which could be a thing for basic communication . 
  like an additional course for people that want to relearn english again . 
  you start with simple english which allows you to communicate with other people and you can build a proper english course on top of that . 
   fyi latin and ancient greek are the languages that define the european culture more than everything modern european culture . 
  i do n't have time nor money to study dead languages . 
  also , identity and variety are not just buzzwords in that context . 
  it is actually our language what most people associate with a nation and it is the biggest difference between european nations . 
  not just the language but also dialects and accents . 
  that would all be lost if we would force english on everybody as the main language . 
   dunno , spent about a semester in france that 's the problem of the french as well as it is a problem of the germans . 
  if the french are in the same situation as the germans , then they just need a push into the right direction and they can speak english . 
  most of them just have n't used it yet which results in less self esteem about english . 
  how are you supposed to learn a language if everything you see and hear is french ? 
  i could increase my mark from 3 to 1 ( marks are from 1 to 6 where is 6 the worst and 1 the best and a 5 means you failed a test or class so 3 is the good middle ) in english just by watching cnn ( that 's the only english speaking channel everybody gets in germany ) instead of other news channels . 
  my mother never had to speak english so when we visited family in paris ( they all spoke english but some did n't speak german ) and she had to speak english , it took her a day to get back into what she 's learnt in school ( she 's 54 , by the way . 
  so the education today is a lot better ) . 
  you just need to use english and then everybody that had a proper education ( that mean 's he/she did n't drop out ) will be able to speak it again even if they 've left school 30 years ago . 
  yes . 
  that and too much pressure on students next to math , science and other important classes . 
  it 's something different if you want to learn another language but in school , it 's more important to learn math and science and english and history . 
  that 's stuff that makes you look clever in any language . 
  but i think it 's more important that schools offer language courses . 
  i had to choose between biology , technology ( probably the wrong word . 
  technik in german . 
  you learn stuff about metal and wood and electricity ) , computer science , french and art . 
  why not dutch , norwegian or japanese ? 
  i think another enforced course would be too much but giving students the possibility to do such things ( and not just in high school . 
  i got interested in other languages when i was 17 or 18 but now i 've got too much to do with my computer science degree ) would be really nice . 
  adopting different parts of foreign culture and modify your language is not the same as throwing a language out of the window . 
  if we lose our languages , a lot of identify and variety will be lost . 
  and to be honest , it would be fucking boring if everybody would speak one language . 
  and if there 's a country where english is not a main subject in school , it 's the problem of that one country and not europe since most european countries have english in school and most of them speak well enough english to follow conversations and could easily become fluent by using the language by watching english tv or pissing around on reddit . 
  everything else would be stupid . 
  every european country already teaches english so why bother students with yet another language . 
  we all speak english . 
  no need to lose a part of our culture . 
  well it was n't really bullying like everybody against one . 
  it was more like a few against a few others and vice versa . 
  i had a big stutter and one other guy was always a bit , and i use that word for the lack of a better one , queery so we picked on each other and others joined in every now and then and then i noticed how hard is must be if he really would be gay and not just weird and he noticed that my stutter is probably not as easy to handle as he thought it would be and that was when it ended . 
  yeah i remember my proms here in germany ( high school with 16 and college with 19 ) . 
  i do n't even remember what was going on at the actual prom . 
  we were there , we had a beer , we got our degrees and then somebody was shouting `` we are going to the old town now , bitches ! '', 
  and we all shouted back `` fuck yeah ! '', 
  and then it 's all just blurry and joined with a lot of beer and booze . 
  just add a dinner with our head teacher ( german colleges are sometimes organised in classes that are doing the same with a head teacher for the class that is doing all the paper work for that particular class ) and you 've got my college prom . 
  well i 've heard you care a lot about your high school sports teams and the social event shit is still true since that 's what the article is all about , right ? 
  realschule ( the high school in the middle ) and fachabitur ( focused college degree but like a british college and not a university like college ) . 
  pretty much the same although we did n't have courses in college . 
  you 've got courses because the abitur gives you the possibility to vote certain classes while the fachabitur is focused on one subject and has to meat requirements since its mostly connected with a professional education as well . 
  ao by design the class system makes more sense if you do fachabitur but the courses make more sense with abitur . 
  i can explain 2 things since it happens like that in germany as well but for legit reasons . 
  at first , you ca n't get drugs without a note from your doctor or parents because you never know if somebody is allergic to a substance inside a drug they 've forgotten to mention . 
  it 's like you 'd say that you 're allergic against a drug that has similar ingredients as paracetamol but you did n't realise that paracetamol has similar ingredient . 
  better save than sorry and if i think about the idiots in high school , i 'm quite surprised hat they have n't killed themselves by accident with a shoe string ... secondly , insurance companies not cover minors that leave schools apart from the way to school and back home . 
  that 's why they had to pick you up . 
  especially in the usa where people like to sue the shit out of each other , i 'd be very careful as a school . 
  same here . 
  around 14 or 15 we realised what kind of mean cunts we all have been and for the last 2 years in high school nobody got bullied . 
  i agree with you if there would be something to debate about . 
  a document about an internet anti terrorism mechanism without proper implementation specification is as useless as the shit you write here since you do n't even know what you opposite . 
  and i should calm down ? 
  i criticised a stupid title that does n't fit the thread content at all . 
  you were the one who pulled out the war reference and you were the one who made ridiculous assumptions about my political views . 
  i 'm sorry but i think you should calm down . 
  you should also stop seeing the world in black and white . 
  just because i do n't start a riot about that document , you assume that i 'm against you . 
  i agree with most of the stuff you 've said but instead of accepting my opinion on this matter as a different opinion ( which i have n't expressed in my first comment i might add ) , you make me your enemy and try to offend me with war references since i 'm german ( which does n't work on the internet ) . 
   our aim is not to show how good the internet is , we know that , and they know that . 
  they just want power over that good thing because they the eu political class are largely power worshipers with no actual beliefs other than in their own importance . 
  those people do n't get elected . 
  therefore , they do n't give a shit about what we 're saying . 
   our aim is to show those in power that it will cost them votes , to do that we speak or write comments on this forum . 
  and exactly those people do n't know what the internet actually is .
