  that man just lost his nephew . 
  there was nobody trained for that ... how the fuck should somebody know what to do when nobody had any training in those kind of things ? 
  europeans are arrogant ? 
  the fact that you get your `` feelings hurt '' because somebody does n't like the way you handle those things makes you look like an arrogant twat who ca n't deal with criticism . 
  i think the last time we actually had military on german streets was when that river in the east swapped over and the military was just the fastest way to get the people out of the danger zones . 
  the politicians responsible for that got a lot of shit , though . 
  the voting thing is quite shocking to me . 
  you only get your passive voting right revoked in germany if you go to prison ( that means you ca n't get elected for a few months after you got out ) . 
  the active voting right can only be revoked for stuff like high treason , manipulating of military equipment , terrorism . 
  stuff that can affect a whole nation . 
  looks like the people disagree with that , though . 
  it 's indeed very uncomfortable . 
  same with when osama bin laden died . 
  i 'm not easily disgusted but that made me physically sick . 
  it seems like on reddit , most people are for justice instead of revenge and for freedom and fair trail for everybody and stuff like that . 
  but as soon as it 's something they could be affected by , it all goes to shit and and the people demand blood like barbarians . 
  i talk about all of europe if it 's fits like in this case . 
  there are 700 million europeans and we still have to keep up with gross generalisations . 
  grow a pair and take it like a man . 
  we do that as well . 
  tschechien in german, 
  have you lived in france and spain ? 
  if not , then do n't let tourism fool you . 
  every country looks like your home country `` but a little bit different '' . 
  as soon as you live in those countries , that will change very quickly . 
  us states are states . 
  they 're not different from german states ( german states have the same rights as a country but the federal government has to sign everything they do . 
  there 's a treaty between bavaria and austria that 's around 200 years old ) and i still do n't expect americans to know shit about german states . 
  you think your states are historically relevant ? 
  german states were independent for many , many centuries ( maybe in different shapes but the names are still a thing so according to your logic , every american should know that ) and the german nations provided a lot of roman emperors . 
  it was even called the holy roman empire of the german nations . 
  still , i have to listen to shit like `` all germans wear lederhosen '' which is as far from the truth as you can get . 
  your states are not relevant in any way to everybody outside of the us and so are n't the german states or any other state in any other country to americans . 
  every map shows the czech republic . 
  no world map shows us states ( at least not in europe ) . 
  the bundeswehr is that stupid . 
  oh we 've got a bunch of tv series for that in germany . 
  i think the only family that actually made it was a family from hamburg that moved to texas because the wife ( or girlfriend back then . 
  they were n't married ) got a greencard . 
  they bought some property in the woods next to a lake and built a nice holiday house they rent to tourists ( mostly from germany since the show was good advertisement ) . 
  the rest comes back to germany . 
  it 's sometimes different for skilled craftsmen with `` meisterbrief '' ( the highest `` certification of your skills '' you can get in germany ) since smaller companies lack those people in some european countries . 
  the only advice i can give you : learn the language !, 
  really ... learn it ... 
  that 's the sharp s . the long as was used in words like wachstube ( guardroom ) to make a clear destinction to wachstube ( wax tube ) . 
  so guardroom would be written wach\u017ftube which means that it 's a new part of the compound noun at the \u017f . 
  never thought about that . 
  but does n't the `` h '' indicate that it 's not just a stretched e ? 
  i do n't understand why such things are gone ( i suppose e with tremma existed at some point in german ) . 
  we have almost the same grammar since 1500 + years but ca n't deal with 2 sodding dots over an e ? 
  or with a long s ? 
  well , the \u00e7 is alt +135 so that 's at least easy to remember even though i 'd like to have it as a single button as well . 
  we either need something like on mac os x where you just push down the button and then you can select the special character with the numbers row or something like right strg for those occasions . 
  i mean , it 's easy if you speak one foreign language but what if you speak stuff like icelandic and other scandinavian languages where you 've got aesc , thorn , eth and maybe some more latin looking things like e with 2 dots or something . 
  we do n't even have the e with 2 dots or just the 2 dots on our keyboards ... we have the internet ... we should n't be restricted by a keyboard layout to use and keep fresh foreign languages we speak and if there 's no way around that , there 's still stuff like on a mac . 
  i want buttons for those letters . 
  well , to your first question , if a minority has a problem , it 's mostly the turks who make the biggest fuss about it . 
  if i talk about that with russians , poles , greeks , it 's mostly something like `` well , i 'd like to have my native language as a class in school but it 's not that important since i could learn it on my own '' or `` i 'd love to have the german citizenship but i have a permanent residence permission so i do n't actually need it '' . 
  you know ... reasonable critique mixed with common sense . 
  but some turks ( i actually do n't feel comfortable with calling them turks since most of them are born here in the 3rd generation or something like that but i suppose you know what i mean , do n't you ? ), 
  just get crazy over that and demand change immediately and the germans are all racist for not doing that fast enough and so on ... 
  but what pisses me off is the ignorance against the other minorities . 
  it 's almost never `` we should have classes for the languages of the biggest minority groups so children can learn their native language in school '' or `` we should find some other way to give minorities a way to keep their citizenship but have more rights in germany '' . 
  it 's always `` germans should learn turkish to improve integration '' or `` germany should give the turks the possibility to keep their turkish passport to improve integration '' . 
  it almost sounds like the `` turks with immigration background '' think they 're better than the russians or other minorities . 
  and if i think about my russian friends , it 's mostly a weird easier version of russian they speak because nobody of them actually speaks proper russian and all of them ca n't write it . 
  mostly because the parents thought `` we 're in germany now and i want my child to speak proper german '' so they did n't teach their children russian . 
  so those children would actually benefit a lot from it . 
  to the second question , it 's not pushed officially . 
  it 's mostly angry turks backed by hippy hipsters from berlin who totally agree with that ( those are also the same people that speak to black people on university campuses like they 're retards because they want to `` respect that their german is n't that good '' ) . 
  obviously , if you 're working with children in neuk\u00f6lln ( that 's a district in berlin ) where half the parents of those children ca n't build a straight german sentence would benefit from learning turkish since there 's almost no other way to be sure that the parents you 're talking to actually understand what you 're telling them . 
  also , it does n't help that then your pm is like `` the germans should seriously get their shit together and work on their integration situation '' . 
  i 'm not gon na use shitty modifiers for \u00e4\u00f6\u00fc\u00df . 
  i think people that are concerned about switching are already using iso keyboards and are used to it . 
  and it 's not that hard to reach . 
  my left pinky is always hovering it . 
  my mother got an old notebook from her brother who lives in paris and since i had to set that bitch up , i 'm used to azerty as well . 
  it does n't take much time to get used to it . 
  i have used qwertz , qwerty and azerty and can switch between them instantly . 
  wrong . 
  the keyboard layouts exists since people wrote on typewriters and the intention was that the hammers would n't interfere with each other so the keys are placed in a way that the hammers are also far away . 
  also , azerty is for languages like french . 
  completely different `` most used letters '' . 
  cologne vs london ? 
  london . 
  at least they actually have beer and not horse piss ( i 'm not serious :d i live in d\u00fcsseldorf and we throw shit at each other for around 1000 years ) . 
  i 'm actually not quite sure . 
  i feel like it would be interesting to live in the uk and i hope to live there one day . 
  i do n't know if i 'd stay but i do n't intent to stay in germany . 
  the beer is just too terrible to be drunk warm . 
  and this is what i 'm talking about . 
  i 've never excluded other non-eu states from this law yet you accuse me of xenophobia . 
  i could have taken the russians as an example because you ca n't make specified laws for each country . 
  especially since the countries you do n't want to piss off are also the countries you do n't want to allow dual citizenship . 
  i am not trying to mix unrelated topics . 
  if the turkish government is prosecuting people for laws that are unconstitutional in probably every eu country , i do n't see the point in trying to argue with those government about any kind of agreement . 
  what if somebody flees from turkey for that kind of crime ? 
  germany will never extradite because of such `` crimes '' . 
  but i 'm done here . 
  i could probably talk about that better with a 3 years old than with you .
