  i bought deus ex hr for 8 pound on amazon when it was 40 $ on steam ... 
  well , they still ca n't really connect you as a person with the query . 
  there are worse things hidden in windows , i assume . 
  and while i agree with you that this is a bit shaky , i was always wondering how they finance the project . 
  especially with ubuntu one or however that 's called . 
  that stuff costs money as well . 
  i think you 're only safe if you compile your own linux distribution which is unpleasant . 
  but it 's just your dash board search that gets also used as an amazon search query . 
  i do n't really see how it 's spying if i enter `` vlc '' and then amazon gives me useless shit . 
  there is no amazon account behind my ubuntu system . 
  how is amazon supposed to link that in any effective form to me as a person . 
  and how is that low level ? 
  that 's the gui . 
  it 's as high as you can get . 
  or are you not talking about high level being user interaction and low level being the kernel ? 
  `` just works '' means here `` works if you do n't use fancy stuff '' . 
  i killed my ubuntu with the amd graphics driver more than once and my native resolution ( 2560x1440 ) is not supported either . 
  and why should n't people here play pc games . 
  it 's the educated people are the ones that can actually afford the hardware to play games and if i 'm honest , i do n't know anybody who does n't own a pc that can play most games but owns a console ( of course there are the non-gamers ) . 
  ubuntu 's packages are * . deb , by the way . 
  ubuntu is based in debian so they use the same package . 
  and what spyware are you talking about ? 
  you just said `` there is low level spyware '' . 
  what does low level mean in that context and what does the software actually do . 
  and you can install ubuntu via usb stick since a few years . 
  no need to use optical medias if you do n't feel like it . 
  drivers are programmed in asm and c . you can put anything into a driver and linux does n't give a single damn what you do with your drivers . 
  is the american remake as bad as the millennium trilogy ? 
  it 's not so much military history in nrw but rather politics and stuff like that . 
  how did hitler happen ? 
  what made this possible ? 
  what happened before ? 
  how did hitler take power ? 
  and so on ... 
  i know there was an east and a west front but most of the stuff i know that has actually to do with battles and the military comes from my own research because i was interested . 
  they did n't had to increase the prices they were just too lazy to block non-indians from buying with a vpn . 
  but i was n't trying to criticise your comment i was just adding a bit of trivia :d, 
  there are companies in china who make a lot of money with this sort of stuff . 
  french films are usually dubbed , though . 
  wait ... does that mean that oberlicht or dachfenster means `` vasistas '' in french like in `` what is that '' ? 
  i think there is a satw comic about that . 
  yes , there is . 
  i think that 's pretty much an american interpretation of a chav and americans mostly fake cockney so i guess it 's supposed to be a cockney accent . 
  well , we are blaming the americans but we ( i know i do ) also blame our own government , the brits and the other english speaking nations that fuck around in this other programme and everybody else who was doing this shit . 
  to be honest , i do n't know who i should vote for in autumn . 
  right now , it looks like i should just pack my bags and move to a nation to poor to spy or too irrelevant to work with the spying bastards . 
  well , fuck those guys then . 
  and the 75gb thing stays as well ? 
  that 's nice to hear . 
  japan and europe are mostly highly developed nations anyway so it makes sense to find a not so expensive way . 
  i 'm not quite sure what hardware has to be used for 100 gb/s . 
  in general , highly developed countries get such fancy shit not that quickly because the upgrading is quite expensive . 
  i think they got away from that after everybody else said `` well , dear customers , we 're not going to do that shit ! '', 
  that was n't a thing anymore when i was 16 ( i turned 16 a few months after they switched the smoking age to 18 ) . 
  but the `` do n't leave the property '' was n't that enforced either . 
  i remember that in 10th grade , we would sneak off the school property , smoke , and sometimes , my german teacher saw us coming back and then she said `` nah , who had a lungenbr\u00f6tchen ? '', 
  and laughed . 
  damn ... 
  even i learnt about napoleon and the french revolution in germany . 
  the only thing i remember as being stupid was that i was n't allowed to leave the property of the school during breaks . 
  but since i am older now , it 's quite obvious that the insurance company of the school does n't insure 11 years old people that run around on the streets instead of staying on school property for 20 minute . 
  that sounds more like the german bundesrat . 
  the celts and the germanic tribes were n't homogenous either . 
  i get shit all the time for what the nazis did . 
  stop pretending . 
  also , nobody is hating the roma , it 's the gypsies . 
  i could explain the difference again , but i 'm on the train now . 
  it 's like when you say `` you '' and everybody interprets what you say in a way that they can feel offended . 
  there are like 10 german words for `` you '' ... fucking personal pronouns . 
  the ads are probably still true and the pledge is also a thing , is n't it ? 
  maybe that one picture was satirical but the rest seems legit . 
  you could have talked about that instead of ranting about that one picture . 
  does n't the american vw advert also say `` german engineering '' while the german one just says `` das auto '' ( the car ) . 
  i think the last german bundeswehr advert was something like `` you want to study and have a secure job afterwards ? 
  join the bundeswehr ! '' . 
  and that was just a little spot in the bus right next to remote universities and new sales at fielmann ( glasses ) . 
  mallorca is cool . 
  i 've seen a bunch of british tourists and they were all nice . 
  in my experience , other germans in other countries were also pretty nice . 
  but on mallorca , the english and germans have a competition about who 's the biggest and loudest drunken cunt on the whole island . 
  i think that was the point . 
  bush fucked up and now you ca n't get rid of people doing the same shit . 
  yep . 
  i always buy awesome lasagne . 
  it 's a bit more expensive but really delicious and no horse meat !, 
  there was this other idiot , though . 
  i do n't know what lobbybaren means but is that supposed to me `` hi , my name is cybill shepherd and i will go to `` lobbybaren '' '' . 
  maybe it 's `` the lobbybar '' but i do n't know how swedish deals with definite articles . 
  i 'm surprised how much of the few hours norwegian i did actually stuck :o, 
  the duden schould allow both spellings . 
  chrome does . 
  officially , it 's just another spelling and not a replacement . 
  you can also use `` kucken '' now but `` gucken '' is n't wrong . 
  german offers alternative spelling for most common loan words . 
  that means wallet and is a french loan word . 
  but you can also write it as portmonee which is more phonemic . 
  well , it took turing 20 minutes . 
  the fact that a letter can never become itself and that every combination on the plug board is wrong if your assumption is wrong helps as well . 
  never heard that in germany , though . 
  we 're talking here about school .
