  i can understand it if people do n't like to read books in a digital form but waiting for a newspaper to come out seems to be a waste of time to me . 
  it 's much easier to get news ( even specific ones like you 'd find in the financial times ) from websites . 
  we 've seen that in the close past with computer game magazines so it was only a matter of time for new media to find their way into a demographic which does n't spend their free time mostly on the internet . 
  well , you 've got to work for at least 2 years before you get welfare so it 's not like people could just come to germany and get welfare . 
  at least not anymore . 
  i 'd like to know how many people have left the `` problem countries '' to work in eu nations that are not in such a bad situation ( yet ) , though . 
  are there some statistics on that ? 
  i mean the 2 years requirement for hartz 4 . 
  you do n't get hartz 4 without having worked for 2 years . 
  he 's an eu citizen . 
  he only has to find a job because without working for 2 years , you do n't get shit . 
  black labour means working without paying taxes which means that you can pay your workers less money because they 'd still be able to pay for a living . 
  it 's common on construction sites . 
  you then have a few legal workers to cover up ( and to tell the unskilled black labour workers what to do ) and the rest is not officially employed which means they are not covered by employee protection laws which means that the `` employer '' can basically do slavery since the `` employee '' is also doing illegal things so he ca n't get legal help a proper employee could . 
  nope, 
  i 've heard about it but i never was in any kind of civilised city in austria . 
  maybe you can buy some disgusting copy of it here in the west but if you can , i 've either never eaten it or it was not good enough to remember it . 
  damn , now i want pie ... 
  says the austrian where every restaurant is selling those things . 
  believe me , if you live in north-west germany , strudel is the only reason to go lower than cologne . 
  my stepmother works at the stadtwerke ( that 's the default electricity and gas supplier ) and it was around 22 euro cent / kwh a few years ago as far as i remember . 
  so yes indeed , we already crossed that line . 
  lots of snow , muslim extremists , nobody gives a shit about it , weird language and tax paradise ? 
  it is privatised in germany . 
  edit : well , not really . 
  the major share holder is still the government and they 're not going to privatise it more after 2008 or so which i have forgotten about . 
  we 're used to it . 
  i like the portuguese . 
  and your point is ? 
  i kind of do n't get what you want to say . 
  i do n't know why that always end up in being completely anti muslim ... that 's pretty stupid . 
  well , as somebody else pointed out , that 's a bad district . 
  those people would harass you for everything they can no matter who you are . 
  so in the same way we should n't generalise immigrants , we should n't generalise the entire british or european population . 
  but indeed , we should n't forget the other side . 
  it 's not very surprising that immigrants in those districts are not gon na be what we would like to see from a responsible member of society . 
  that sounds a bit like `` shemale '' ( do n't google that kids ), 
  or she . 
  according to the subreddits he 's subscribed , it 's icelandic . 
   we just have to hope that she 'll have able men to help her out . 
  well , let 's say able people . 
  we do n't want to sound sexist , do we ? 
  damn karma whores indeed !, 
  what did he say ? 
  so she 's not fit for the job is what you 're saying ? 
  `` damn those little brats getting shipped around asia as prostitutes !, 
  we 've got to put 15 years old boys in jail that 'd dos ` ed ' paypal ! '', 
  left extremists do n't get much attention in germany . 
  most people probably do n't even realise how dangerous and careful to not get spotted some left winged groups are ( as well as the proper neo nazi groups nobody really knows a lot about ) . 
  the raf was one of those groups . 
  well , maybe it needs more than one film to make people remember ... 
  i think that should be a national holiday as well . 
  especially when the old folks are all gone , it 's a brilliant day to remember the achievements germans got ( like beating hitler once , great scientific achievements , protests against racism and such things ) as well as our new beginning as a nation . 
  but also the dark moments in our history which we should keep in mind forever to make sure such things do n't happen again . 
  i think a national holiday where hitler found the ss and left extremes tried to bomb a jewish community is the best way to show how senselessly dump violence against minorities is . 
  left extremists are as dangerous and crazy as right extremists . 
  my family lives right next to the champsl-\u00c9lys\u00e9es so right in the tourist zone . 
  i suppose that 's just a lot more expensive than the rest of paris and especially france . 
  well , at first you 've got to find a baker in central paris . 
  i think i 've found one who sold them for 2.50 and i 'm just too cheap to pay 2.50 for a baguette . 
  unfortanitelly , there 's a train that drives from paris to my home city and only stops in belgium on it 's way so i ca n't even switch trains and get them cheap somewhere near the border . 
  damn i 've got family in paris and i 'm there once or twice a year and i always want to cry when i leave because i 've got to left behind all those delicious baguettes . 
  if paris would n't be so bloody expensive , i 'd take a bunch with me before i leave . 
  do n't you miss baguettes ? 
  nah we just shit with you guys :d, 
  i 'm fine as long as people do n't hate us =d, 
  every big empire felt . 
  i 'd rather stay at the second or third place and try to keep that than being the biggest and greatest . 
  the irish company basically gives facebook a shitload of tax cuts and getting sued in europe is still cheaper than getting sued from europe in the usa . 
  they have the choice : getting tax breaks and , just in case , cheap lawsuits or losing a lot of money but do n't stop that face recognition thingy . 
  i 've just pulled that all together . 
  i 've neither a source nor am i entirely sure that i 'm right . 
  please correct me if that 's wrong . 
  i think the tax-paying , hard-working german thinks it 's good invested money since i will once be able to pay taxes for other 's education as well . 
  well , i 've seen that kind of behaviour in my college class as well just not to such an extend . 
  it could very well be that he 's right on that . 
  damn ... that 's kind of sad . 
  i see that misconception a lot . 
  people just forget or do n't know that if you make business in a country , you 've got to follow their laws . 
  since facebook is clearly marketed to europeans as well , they 've got to follow eu law . 
  what has a bad neighbourhood to do with not being able to talk about the holocaust ? 
  you must be living in a district full of neo nazis to have enough people refusing to talk about that topic in class . 
  i 'm now looking at my free health insurance card and free student id . 
  just saying . 
  if they keep that promise , i 'll only eat dutch cheese for the next decade !, 
  and that never changed much . 
  was n't norway danish once when sweden has beat up denmark and they were all like `` omg you can have norway when you poss off now '' and the swedes pulled their troops back and denmark then gave norway independence which means the danes ca n't give norway to sweden anymore ? 
  a least that 's what scandinavia and the world taught me . 
  they started charging in a lot of places ( you get your money back as a coupon , though ) here in germany and if i think about the same places a few years ago i was recently , i 'm glade that i can pay now . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf main station used to be full of junkies . 
  now , there 's not a single one in the toilets and they 're always clean . 
  i 'd rather pay 50 cents than thinking about how to not get every disease you could possibly get from a dirty loo . 
  yeah we 've got that wall thing either in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  although , if i had to pay to take a piss , it was always clean . 
  yep !, 
  i like nuhr =(, 
  i like the black toilet cleaner !, 
  was that last answer of the last question sarcasm ? 
  because if it was then i did n't get it =(, 
  but why is that ?
