  putting norwegian into east scandinavian does n't explain three gender , for example . 
  putting it into west scandinavian and including danish occupation and geographical proximity to sweden and denmark does explain the three gender and the collapse of masculine and feminine into common in some dialects . 
  this is why you do n't change language families of languages . 
  it does n't explain the history of the language . 
  it just makes things confusing if you want to find out stuff about the history of a language . 
  nope . 
  there 's a map for that as well . 
  languages are put into language families based on history not on the current state of the language . 
  oops i meant ck, 
  edit : / u/zombie _ trotskij provided sources !, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/309ba9/where_is_scandinavia_cgp_grey/cpqqf91 both bokm\u00e5l and nynorsk are orthography and some grammatical and lexical standards for the written language . 
  it 's still norwegian . 
  and norwegian is west scandinavian . 
  just because you can write it so it looks like danish does n't mean that it 's all of a sudden east scandinavian . 
  ck , \u00e4 and \u00f6 are the most unscandinavian things ever . 
  still , swedish uses them . 
  does that make swedish west germanic ? 
  nope . 
  that would be stupid . 
  it 's like how the danes think they drink a lot . 
  i remember there was one map of beer consumption posted here or on / r/mapporn . 
  basically , the darker the country , the more beer they consumed . 
  denmark was pale yellow . 
  germany , the czech republic and austria was `` i ate so my meat my piss tastes like pure msg '' - shit brown . 
  britain makes 2 billion from immigration from the schengen area . 
  it 's obvious in britain as well . 
  the daily mail just knows how to shit talk . 
  it does n't actually look like all that much outside of the americas . 
  i mean , it makes sense . 
  because the us is the closest first world country to many of the south american countries . 
  but i kind of expected more from other parts of the world . 
  same in sweden as far as i know . 
  a friend of mine was in the military around 9/11 and they pretty much switched from `` the russians are out to get you ! '', 
  to `` the terrorists are out to get you !, 
  in germany , you get the unemployment insurance for 2 years or so . 
  that 's a certain percentage of your last wage . 
  then you get the standard unemployment support which is just enough to get by . 
  yep . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  filter for url ? 
  proxy . 
  filter for ip ? 
  proxy . 
  filter for content ? 
  ssl . 
  are we now using shitty ` murican excuses ? 
  learning about the history of other countries , their cultures and languages . 
  there is so much history in germany that most other stuff is not part of the curriculum in schools . 
  but the more i learnt on my own the more it was obvious that everything kind of flows together . 
  would you trust the people that had the power to stop your country being sliced into little pieces by russia but did n't do shit even though you 're in a union with the countries those people lead ? 
  i would n't . 
  a text book is easy but it 's hard to find stuff to do with it . 
  i 've got the same problem with norwegian . 
  even compared to danish or swedish it 's just not easy ( especially not cheap ) to find books or films or whatever . 
  what he linked there sounds a lot like my native dialect ( d\u00fcsseldorf ) but i do n't understand it . 
  like , the general flow of the language and the pitch is almost identical . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cutknilved4 further north ( ruhrgebiet ) , i could imagine that it 's for them to understand . 
  actually , i think it is actually quite clear with that graphic . 
  like , if you look for specifics . 
  but it 's still such a mess that you could never explain that properly to people . 
  like , if you 'd want to know what the deal with norway and iceland is , you can . 
  it 's right there . 
  you just have to find the labels of the boxes and know what they mean . 
  but i could never explain that to anybody . 
  well , i guess iceland has actually a pretty good reason not to join . 
  i mean , you pretty much depend on fishing , right ? 
  but you only have 320k people . 
  as long as the eu does n't give one vote per country at least on some matters , you might as well not exist . 
  i think the brazilian word comes from the natives , if i remember correctly . 
  i usually mention that as well every time the maps are posted ... 
  in europe , spanish is small . 
  french is n't . 
  south america does n't matter if we talk about a european army . 
  and french is still a very common foreign language people speak . 
  even if it 's only used in business interactions between the french and other people . 
  spanish is small as fuck in europe . 
  anything . 
  the accent is obvious after the first word no matter which language you speak . 
  edit : as a serious answer : `` dude '' and `` buddy '' is pretty obvious . 
  not from the rheinland . 
  good enough for me . 
  where were the germans you travelled with from ? 
  we literally only ban parties like that . 
  they must be unconstitutional to get banned . 
  so , basically , they need to focus on abolishing democracy which is why nsdap offsprings and communist parties get banned . 
  also , one fuck up during the investigations and the constitutional court will not ban anything . 
  that 's why the npd is still around . 
  guilt tripping . 
  the current politicians were raised by people that have experienced the war and probably felt guilty because they did n't notices , were too afraid to show resistance or whatever else you can feel guilty about . 
  of course , that sticks if you were raised in such an environment . 
  when all the old politicians are dead , the central council will lose a lot of it 's power because for my generation , ww2 is history and guilt tripping just does n't work as well anymore . 
  i think it 's more a case of german politicians being afraid of the central council of the jews getting angry again . 
  :( that 's not nice, 
  that 's probably the most accurate behaviour in comparison to the rest of reddit 's americans :d, 
  were we ? 
  i 've got legitimately no idea . 
  white snow in german cities ? 
  well , what about paid content from today 's major newspapers online . 
  i would n't mind paying for news online if that would save the company and good journalism . 
  i always kind of thought it would come to this .
