  if education would be a matter for the federation , we 'd still have tuition fees . 
  thank god it is n't and i 'll vote the spd in state elections until the day i die ( or until they fuck up big time on the state level ... ) for that . 
  and the pirates are good and everything but we get two votes in germany . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're a pole living in poland or a ethnic pole in germany so sorry if the explanation is not necessary . 
  basically , you vote for the government and you vote for the parliament . 
  voting the pirates for the parliament is fine and everything but voting for them in your first vote is a waste of your vote since everybody ( well , most people ) vote tactical with their first vote and i do n't even think the pirates have a serious chance to get into a coalition . 
  greens for first , pirates for second vote , maybe ? 
  at least the greens have a chance to a coalition with the spd . 
  that 's because merkel does n't do shit . 
  every time she opens her mouth she gets slapped by the supreme court . 
  she 's literally the worst chancellor since hitler simply because she does n't do shit . 
  she did n't try to exterminate a minority yet . 
  just like she did n't do anything else yet . 
  even schr\u00f6der who , as far as i remember , got actually thrown out before his term ended did his agenda 2010 stuff . 
  every chancellor did something he can be remembered for . 
  merkel did n't ( yet ) . 
  she keeps the status quo alive in a country that is at least stable . 
  because she does n't try to improve anything she also ca n't fuck up . 
  if she 'd keep her mouth shut as well she would get reelected until she dies . 
  but the more nonsense she throws around about her believes and how that makes her disagree with gay marriage the more will people dislike her . 
  same with the nsa stuff . 
  she made a fuss about her phone being tapped by the nsa . 
  if she would have kept quiet during that time everybody would have ignored the whole issue like they did before . 
  or at least not call her out on her nonsense . 
  this is obviously not a good spot to be in as a country . 
  not that the spd would make anything better . 
  they 're just as stupid . 
  honestly , i 've got no idea who to vote for in the next elections ... 
  bambie 's mother was quite hot , tbh . 
  the funny thing is that the aaa porn industry in germany is kind of dead . 
  like , the crazy stuff with shit and piss and stuff like ggg ( german goo girls ) is only the stuff weird enough to not be replaced by amateur porn with hd cameras . 
  everything else now is amateur porn . 
  god dammit hans . 
  you do n't drive through france with a panzer you drive through belgium into france ... 
  the eu has a defence pact similar to nato . 
  and every eu member would be in on it if they got attacked . 
  replacing the greek army at least temporarily with european troops would take the burden off of greece but keep the country secure . 
  we have no historical responsibility for israel . 
  we have the historical responsibility to treat our minorities ( including jews ) right and educate the population so they know what happened and how it was possible to pull something like that off so people see when something similar is happening again . 
  israel , as a de facto jewish state , is just another country . 
  israelis , as being mostly jews , are the people we oppressed and they deserve that we make up for it with future generations as best as we can but not because they 're israelis . 
  american jews or russian jews are the same as israeli jews . 
  pretty sure we 're only in the situation we are in today because there was a lot of cooperation in europe between france , poland , britain etc and germany . 
  otherwise , we 'd be in a similar place japan is in right now with a lot of bitching ( japan has better relations to north korea than south korea ) . 
  and israel is not doing themselves a favour if they pull the holocaust card constantly . 
  the current generation is not used to being personally guilt tripped for the crimes of their grand parents . 
  that might have worked with our parents but my generation would just think `` what a fucking cunt '' and move on . 
  if a government is doing that over and over again ( and i assume people that would read such news also know a thing or two more about israel ) , people will not look at that government quite favourably . 
  you know , just like we do n't look favourably at saudi arabia or , as a more extreme example that is not really accurate , north korea . 
  i do n't think that this will spawn a new generation of anti-semites since i hope that we got clever enough at this point to not equate a country 's people with a country 's government . 
  in general it 's a bad idea to show numbers with your fingers anywhere but your own country . 
  you never know if it 's an insult or not . 
  and if you pronounce q like a g then it sounds like a g. . . 
  nope . 
  less . 
  we have 5 % in germany but last election , something like 10 or 15 % of the votes went to `` other '' parties ( meaning parties below the threshold ) . 
  so , if you have 5 % , at least in a country with a population like germany , even parties that are not some extreme nutjobs but parties that actually represent a good chunk of the people are also not in parliament . 
  dem passive aggressive quotation marks . 
  you should probably take the tips ... you kinda need that extra money . 
  those are called allophones . 
  p is another fun one . 
  if you asked a native speaker , they 'd say that the p in pen and the p in split are the same but if you hold your hand in front of your mouth and say pen , you 'll feel a puff of air hitting your hand . 
  if you then say split , still having your hand where it was , you will not feel the puff . 
  it 's called aspiration and languages like mandarin and korean do n't consider those the same . 
  if you learnt mandarin , you 'd start to hear the difference in english as well and for a few days , you 'd get really confused because everybody `` starts to talk funny '' . 
  my aunt lived a few years in egypt . 
  they still drink . 
  they did n't have drunk driving laws back then but they were still drinking and driving . 
  i 'd rather see a european army than a big german one . 
  i do n't think any country needs full control over an army but having a big european army with the sole purpose of defending europe would be nice . 
  russia as we know it ends right at the ural mountains . 
  east of that , it 's a lot of nothing . 
  if the russians would try to get troops to their eastern borders , the americans could probably bomb moscow before they even reach the border . 
  there are only a few things on there i 'd never even try, 
  do you even try or did you just never made it into the group stage ? 
  i 'm not sure i 've ever seen canada in a world cup i 've consciously watched ( so not just me being a child looking at the tv because daddy does ) . 
  no it does n't . 
  that 's like saying being a football fan make you a racist . 
  cultural identity . 
  are they actually american only ( like . eu is eu only and you need to be in the eu to be allowed to use . eu ) or is it just that only the us uses those ? 
  does zenci have a negative connotation ? 
  `` language x is the hardest language in the world '' is always bollocks . 
  always . 
  difficulty always depends on your native language and no indo-european language will ever be the hardest language for a native speaker of another indo-european language . 
  even the fancy rankings you sometimes see are bullshit in the way people interpret them . 
  the american government has a ranking on how many class hours they need to educate people in a particular language . 
  japanese is the hardest language there being in the same category as mandarin . 
  but other languages of the same language family as mandarin are in lower categories . 
  why ? 
  because sino-tibetian languages are isolating making them very easy for english native speakers because english is very similar to isolating languages . 
  it is n't isolating traditionally but because they lost so many endings , it kind of is . 
  the difficulty for chinese languages and japanese are only in the last category because of the writing . 
  it just takes an awful lot of time to learn chinese characters and they make even less sense in japanese than in chinese languages and japanese itself is agglutinative making it weirder for native english speakers . 
  also , those rankings exclude minority languages almost nobody wants to learn anyway . 
  if you want something that truly fucks your head , look at navajo . 
  navajo and many other apache languages put more meaning in their verbs . 
  verbs have slots where you basically fill in affixes that mean certain things . 
  one of for aspect , for example , because navajo does n't really express tense so the point in time . 
  instead , they have a giant aspect system which expresses the way time flows . 
  like , `` i went '' means that there is a point in time where you went somewhere .
