  exactly !, 
  yeah ... 
  i know ... maybe some of you ca n't deal all that well with the mountain air . 
  we provide the beer and kartoffelsalad , you provide the weed and frikandeln and then we can party hard when the football world cup is on !, 
  and the city with the bad beer goes to the belgians . 
  and we joined the nato in mid '55 and had the bundeswehr back at the end of ' 55 . 
  and here i am getting called a racist for saying bavarians are extremely local-patriotic . 
  i 'd be dutch then !, 
  a lot of germans have polish sounding surnames now because of that . 
  you mountain folks are always blank, 
  cyprus is the fancy version of spain holiday for the germans . 
  mallorca is probably a lot worse :( and we were n't better than the british on mallorca . 
  the british were just louder ... 
  we 've already got mallorca . 
  we do n't need another island full of drunken german tourists who behave like pigs :d maybe sch\u00e4uble will be rolling down checking how the austerity measures are coming along , though . 
  do n't worry . 
  we 've got [ what we came for ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_war_of_schleswig ) :d, 
  the german tv channels did that about greece multiple times and they still called us nazis . 
  15 $ of taco bell ? 
  because we made reforms before it was too late , because we were basically forced to join the euro ( no euro = no unification ) , because we do n't elect corrupt politicians . 
  bundestag . 
  reichstag is the building , bundestag the parliament . 
  the electoral college is anything but democratic . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's still not an ausbildungsberuf . 
  i read about that 5 years ago when i finished realschule and thought that i 'm too lazy to work so i continued to go to school . 
  studying is like 250 euro per semester in germany . 
  you get `` child support '' from the government until you 're 25 ( you !, 
  not your parents . 
  it 's your money after your 18th birthday ) . 
  if your parents ca n't support you , you get a student loan ( does n't fit very well in english ) of which you only pay back half of it and which gets doubles ( not sure about that but it will be more than usual ) if you live alone . 
  i think the student loan is 600 , child support is 180 . 
  that 's already 780 euro without having worked one single day and i think that 's without the bonus for living alone . 
  a 400 euro job is around 10 hours per week that would mean that you 're on 1200 euro with 10 hours additional work every week . 
  everybody can study in germany . 
  my mother is a cashier and i manage to do that quite well . 
  but it 's a waste of time and resources to study if your job does n't require you to study . 
  you can get good money as an electrician at siemens but that only requires an apprenticeship which means ( compared to a masters degree ) you do n't waste 8 years you could have used for gathering professional experience . 
  you work if you do an apprenticeship as a make-up guy but it 's not an `` ausbildungsberuf '' which means that the government is n't paying for the berufsschule which means that your employer has to pay more for your education than you 're actually worth so you 've got to pay for that apprenticeship instead of getting a payment . 
  most of them pay . 
  stuff like doing make up ( whatever that 's called ) does n't because the theoretical training is not paid by the government . 
  we have at least 16 parts of the country that are doing this to each other all the time . 
  maybe more if you include franken / bayern and baden / w\u00fcrttemberg + local things between cities ( cologne / d\u00fcsseldorf ) . 
  it 's mostly just fun , though : /, 
   bild reader ouch ... 
  chances are high that she 'll stay chancellor . 
  good day to get some stereotypes out of the way !, 
  i ca n't speak for the uk but in germany , most russians/poles are the kind of people that want to go to another country to have a better life for their children . 
  so it might be that only the nice russians emigrate and the twats stay in their country . 
  i looked up stuff about that month ago and i 've found a list where churches where listed as `` e.v. `` s. 
  are those just the different communities or what have i found there ? 
  that was a list on the website of a state but i ca n't remember which state it was . 
  bad wording . 
  we do n't have state religions at all . 
  they 're just clubs . 
  a church is legally the same as a football club or shooting club or whatever . 
  i do n't know about the tax thing , though . 
  i do n't know but it felt kind of weird being liked in southern europe so at least that 's back where it belongs . 
  you ca n't get both parties out of the government . 
  you could get one of them as a single party government but not get rid of them completely . 
  after all , they 've fucked up the least . 
  the opposition is a different story . 
  i think those local laws get overwritten by eu laws . 
  germany has a similar law but since 2006 , you can get every other eu citizenship as well . 
  probably one of the few maps where i 'm proud to be green !, 
  if my mother had beaten the shit out of me , i 'd now hate both my parents and would n't be in university . 
  fuck power . 
  i 'd rather be small and just one of many ( economy wise . 
  the small countries have interesting and important culture as well ) but therefore a country where everybody gets health care , education , social security in general instead of a big and economical strong nation that puts economic success over success as a society . 
  :| our language is one of the things we 're proud of ( that song includes austria as well so it 's relevant ) and what defined us before there was one german nation . 
  the german speaking nations were always a very diverse bunch of dialects and even otto the great in the 11th century did n't give a crap that the saxon old german dialect was n't how a king is supposed to talk . 
  if you ca n't deal with the language ( it 's probably just the different versions of standardeutsch that are important today ) , you either have to learn it or move . 
  nobody will bend over because you do n't like the local dialect . 
  the mountain people get angry !, 
  / s but i agree . 
  if austrian culture is a bit like german culture , language is one of the major things we 're proud of . 
  germany has some austerity as well . 
  i think that 's actually how we bail out other states . 
  austerity , more money from more wealthy states until they 're back on track and then they turn the whole thing around and those states have to pay for the not so wealthy states . 
  indeed ... 
  we do n't have that . 
  europe was a constant battle field . 
  the only things that unite us are that we like to make fun of each other and that we all have at least 3 different countries in the union we fought a war against . 
  our cultures are completely different most of the time and no government wants to lose power ( which is always the first thing people fear ) . 
  we 've got a lot of black students ( mostly africans . 
  i know that one guy is from ghana ) . 
  the only thing i do is getting rid of my slight accent and i try to speak clearly but fast . 
  how are those students going to learn proper german if everybody would speak with them like they 're idiots ? 
  also , we had a bit of a situation yesterday . 
  we 've got to take 2 out of 3 mathematical classes . 
  calculus 2 , statistics , linear algebra 2 . 
  the student from ghana was n't sure what to take and since statistics might be more reading than calculus 2 ( problems in text form ) , we made him aware of the situation and he gladly accepted out concerns . 
  there is a time and a place for concerns because of immigration backgrounds and just talking to people in a non professional context if not one of them . 
  to the people that ca n't speak german : if you want to sound clever , you express yourself as complicated as possible in german so the text based mathematical problems can be a proper concern for people that are not entirely fluent in german ( even i have to read stuff twice sometimes and most professors recommend english books over german books for stuff like electronics because it 's just easier ) . 
  i think that 's pretty much an upper german dialect thing . 
  i 'm pretty sure in the west , neger is considered racist for a long time . 
  that said , what the english speaking world sees as nigger is probably better translated as mohr in german . 
  the german federation was found out of the wish of german unity . 
  you ca n't force this idea onto people and a vote for or against a european federation would fail . 
  stop changing pronunciation and spelling of loan words and people would n't see the english language as the raping slut of languages and then people that are particularly proud of their native language would n't see it as a threat and maybe accept the fact that english is the lingua franca is a good thing . 
  even though i think every language should be represented in the eu parliament somewhere .
