  telling everybody that they were allowed to pick their own husband because they got brainwashed into believing that this is how it 's supposed to work . 
  you literally ca n't count on common sense in those cases ( even though you ca n't really be sure that a western girl would report that ) because what they understand as `` common sense '' is basically like propaganda which got beaten into their heads . 
  ~ ~ you 're also allowed to hit children in school in 19 states . 
  i do n't think the us is a good comparison to european standards on those kind of things . ~ ~ unrelated rambling ... 
  so is alcohol and any other drug . 
  i do n't know how legalising other drugs and having alcohol legally available is a good thing for most people here while smoking cigarettes is not . 
  i hope i wo n't get killed in my sleep but there was a thread in / r/askhistorians about stuff that was found out and then immediately dropped again because there is no way that you could release any of your work ( as a historian ) without getting problems . 
  apparently , there are evidence that islam was founded because muhamed found a lot of ostracised christians that did n't fully agree with the christian believe so they changed up some things and went back to the roots ( so took a bunch of things from judaism ) . 
  which is the reason why you can reverse it in many cases . 
  there 's a german documentary about immigrants or refugees from africa that came to germany and what kind of mental problems they 've had because of being circumcised ( and it 's amazing to see how much they do n't look like they 're going to jump off a bridge if you let them loose after the surgery ) . 
  circumcision for any reason apart from religion and medical need is pretty much only a thing in the us and canada ( and much less in quebec than in the rest of canada ), 
  there was actually a psychologist who said something about that when the whole discussion came up in germany . 
  basically , most of the first generation germans ( so children of immigrants ) are now in their mid 25s or early 30s and she noticed a lot more clients from either muslim or jewish families that came to her because of problems they 've got with their penis . 
  yeah a long , thin glass filled with light beer . 
  looks like a piss sample . 
  i 'd say k\u00f6lsch but we 're talking about beer :d no , k\u00f6lsch might not be my thing but it 's high quality beer for the most part . 
  we 've for beer in cans here that has written the alcohol content on it ( 5.0 and 2.5 ) and that 's it . 
  cheap as fuck and disgusting . 
  do n't make the swede angry ... 
  i just made an appointment with the dude that is advising students for a semester in a foreign country . 
  maybe i 'll come to scotland next year :d, 
  i buy that on amazon.de !, 
  5 euro delivery fee because it 's an import but twinninga breakfast tea is worth it . 
  take the italian part as well so we do n't have to invite italy to the party ( never worked well for us ) . 
  romansch becomes independent !, 
  freedom for vulgar latin speakers !, 
  well ... that was interesting ... 
  the holocaust was committed by the weimar republic / third reich as well . 
  adenauer implemented a great number of reforms to transform the country as well . 
  it 's still the duty of the brd to take responsibility for the holocaust and everything that happened in ww2 . 
  oh it 's much , much worse than the dutch g . it seems to be much more subtitle in dutch . 
  like the german ( and french ) r . the sound alone is really harsh and sounds awful . 
  but in a word , it 's much shorter and not as dominant . 
  it 's like putting pepper in your food . 
  just eating pepper is shit . 
  pepper in your food is nice . 
  the swiss ch is the dominant sound in swiss german . 
  it 's the `` ch '' . 
  it makes me want to call an ambulance because they sound like they 're chocking . 
  yes, 
  everything is more elegant than swiss german : /, 
  your foreskin has as well ... see ? 
  you do n't even know what they chopped off there and what it did ... 
  well , that 's how it looks like . 
  no protecting foreskin = less moist = dryer tip ( whatever you call the tip of the penis in english . 
  it does legally in germany . 
  cut all the way or just the fluffy bit at the top ? 
  i unsubscribed when somebody was like `` lol that dude thinks the internet is american '' and linked to a perfect description of the creation of the arpanet and the involvement of the us military and even cern was mentioned ... 
  that 's because the british seem to think that their indian food is british but it 's actually ... well ... indian :d, 
  read the pdf . 
  that is already the case . 
  older people do n't speak english because that was n't a thing back then . 
  if you read my comment again , you 'll see that i always talked about `` third language '' or `` second foreign language '' . 
  i assumed that it would be obvious that english should be the first foreign language everywhere and it basically already is . 
  the pdf pretty much says that this is already the case . 
  still , `` easier to move to another european country '' is still nonsense . 
  even in countries like the netherlands and the scandinavian nations , i 'd learn the language just out of respect . 
  yep . 
  in germany , there are 3 secondary school degrees . 
  only one requires you to take a second foreign language ( so i did n't have to take it ) . 
  i remember that one year , we had a course after school where you could take dutch but that was only offered for one year . 
  i think if i had the option to take polish or something , i might have done that . 
  even the cold north would have been more interesting to me than the romance languages ( though i 'm learning french right now because the interest came when i was 19 or something like that ) . 
  i think it 's still pretty much french or latin here . 
  but i do n't think there is need for french or latin anywhere . 
  even if you want to go for historical linguistics in uni , you can still benefit from speaking a third modern language and every frenchmen that works in an international company will probably speak english . 
  so why not go for stuff that interests people like old norse , ancient greek for old languages or danish , polish , russian for modern languages as an option ( sure , french and latin should be on that list as well but it should n't be the only languages available everywhere ) . 
  a school in my city actually offers japanese because a lot of big japanese companies have their europe or germany hq in my city ( d\u00fcsseldorf ) . 
  schools always go for languages with which you can make money so basically , surrounding big countries . 
  french , german , russian ( and english , obviously ) though i guess russian is declining . 
  but why would n't you be able to make good use of your dutch or danish skills ? 
  they started offering spanish even though the spanish economy is going down like a hooker and most other spanish countries are economically not really competitive with eu countries . 
  and norway might not be big but they earn something like 25-30 $ on average per hour so why should n't i be able to make good use of norwegian ? 
  jobs are also not a problem . 
  think about the linguistics major that ca n't find a job . 
  would you rather teach other linguistics students just so they will try to steal your job at some point or people that might actually be interested ? 
  and , of course , culture can be interesting as well and you learn much more about culture through language than through any other method except visiting constantly . 
  i do n't even know exactly what you 've said in your comment any more ... well , i hope somebody enjoys the read/rant if it was not relevant ... 
  how about you learn the native language of the country you move to ? 
  over my dead body will i give up my native language and most people speak english already . 
  stop chatting and get on to it !, 
  your language is beautiful !, 
  you 're legally only allowed to work 50 hours per week as far as i remember . 
  that 's around 8.3 hours per day so you 've got enough time to do your shopping then . 
  how old are you ? 
  moose is a native word though . 
  it 's even written in the wikipedia article you linked . 
  but could n't you say the same for cars ? 
  i get what you mean but i think more people get killed my cars than by wolfs in areas with a lot of wolfs . 
  so is it really that much of a risk ? 
  i wonder why they took the american ( like properly native american ) name for the elk in na ... maybe something like that : englishman : oh !, 
  native : that 's not an elk . 
  that 's a moose . 
  englishman : what ? 
  but i like the word elk ... what 's that animal called ? 
  native : that 's an < native american word  englishman : bollocks !, 
  that 's now an elk !, 
  wolves in general do n't attack humans . 
  the only reason why they do n't is because they 're afraid . 
  that 's why domestic wolves are the most dangerous kind of wolves because they 're missing the only thing that prevents them from killing humans .
