  and you 'll have plenty of white men who wo n't respect her authority for being a woman . 
  that man is an asshole . 
  has nothing to do with him being muslim . 
  in fact , the koran says that a good muslim respects local customs and tries to fit in even if those things would n't fly in their own country . 
  so , since shaking hands is a pretty big cultural thing in western countries , he 's clearly in the wrong here if he 's even right with the `` no hand shaking with women ! '', 
  thing in the first place . 
  literally no muslim i know would do that . 
  actually , hugging and cheek kiss is much more common here between any woman and muslim men i know . 
  am i now supposed to lump all the muslims i know together with that asshole in sweden because of a video ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you could voice your opinion in sweden if you did that in a proper way but at least here on reddit , you might as well prefix every opinion about swedish refugee policy with `` i 'm not racist , but ... '' second point , sweden is n't taking immigrants , sweden is taking refugees . 
  immigrating so sweden , or any european country , as a poor and uneducated non-european is next to impossible . 
  my personal opinion is that everybody should calm the fuck down ( especially the swedes since most of their foreign born population is european whilst the german one is turkish ) . 
  refugees are potentially going away again . 
  in my opinion , we should make the whole process a lot faster and clearer . 
  state who can come and who ca n't . 
  once they arrive , go through the little check list and either send them home or do n't . 
  at the moment , we 've got people here that wait for years just to be sent home anyway . 
  educating them and letting them work would be cheaper than keeping them in refugee camps . 
  if you 're actually talking about immigrants , there is nothing to worry about . 
  the turks here in germany have integrated at least to some degree already and the younger generations become more and more german by default . 
  there is almost no difference anymore between the turks i had in school and the germans . 
  or the russians , or the poles , or the italians . 
  but let 's be honest , it 's about muslims , is n't it ? 
  nobody would assume white folks would cause trouble . 
  they are not overtaking our culture , they just get integrated . 
  germany without turks or immigrants in general would be a fucking boring place . 
  it 's bad enough that we usually do n't get the results of such surveys but you could at least give us some context . 
  english is spoken natively in exactly 2 countries in the eu . 
  nobody else will question your authority as a native speaker . 
  you 're american . 
  you are the definition of american english just by being a native speaker ( or rather your precise dialect ) . 
  if you would say that at home , say it in europe . 
  most people wo n't question it . 
  now if you 're in the uk in particular , that 's a different story . 
  but since you did n't specify ... 
  cultural differences but regular contact with americans , basically . 
  what people mentioned here are all thinks that would not fly in most european countries . 
  so it seems strange to us . 
  almost unbelievable . 
  now imagine you have regular contact with people from such countries through a common language on the internet . 
  and all of a sudden , you have people defending that stuff that completely blows your mind . 
  and even if you do n't defend it , the reaction seems a lot less extreme compared to what we 'd expect . 
  best example for that : torture . 
  cnn discussing if torture is effective seems to be unbelievable . 
  it should n't even be an option that you seriously consider . 
  and then , nothing really happened . 
  our last centre-left chancellor got kicked our of office for changing the welfare system in something more sustainable yet less comfortable but still acceptable as far as i remember ( i was still pretty young when that happened so i might be wrong here but there was a lot of bitching about him ) . 
  the only response your government gets for torturing prisoners is a sober discussion on cnn about the effectiveness of torture . 
  that said , nothing justifies hate for americans . 
  i 'm usually very vocal with my opinion about those topics ( usually negative ) and especially the comparisons between the pledge and the hitler jugend that i made on this sub got me a good amount of hate pms . 
  but none of that allows me to stereotype americans as individuals . 
  as a people ? 
  sure . 
  if cnn gets away with such things than there 's obviously a market for that . 
  but an americans as a person ? 
  that individual might have similar views to mine and i should get to no that particular person before i make any judgement . 
  no because people in country x do n't care about trashy news from country y. 
  if nobody died or fucked somebody they should n't or rather they should n't tell anybody about , it 's not on the news . 
  on the internet , it 's usually russia or eastern europe . 
  you will find national stereotypes that fit , though . 
  that said , i ca n't think of a state or region that would fit in germany . 
  can confirm . 
  i know a dude from uni who is almost radical compared to the usual german catholic . 
  even the muslim foreign students from turkey and north africa shake their heads when he starts talking . 
  if you make religion public in western europe , you 're most likely `` a bit off '' . 
  talking about muslims in germany , there was also this statistic that 60 % of muslims that consider themselves very religious have no problem with gay marriage . 
  so islam in germany becomes more like islam in south-east europe . 
  basically , the same as christianity in germany just with islam as a basis . 
  no american authors are not really known in germany . 
  i was going for foreign authors known in germany . 
  i knew his books ( never read them ) but i did n't know his name until i found reddit and even then it 's more in the context of his book on the german language . 
  his books are known but not as much as tolkien or rowling or even c.s. 
  there is also a massive positive contribution from eu citizens in the uk ( including eastern europeans ) but that does n't stop brits from whining on the internet . 
  now you 're just pretending to be a bad dictionary . 
  everybody knows that `` being proud of '' the achievements of family members is more like being happy for said person and not actually taking pride in it . 
  so no , it 's perfectly fine to be proud of your brother . 
  but if you go around showing off with his achievements ( which is more comparable to nationalism ) , you 're a dick . 
  yep my aunt is a bit special sometimes . 
  it is in theory optional but it 's also not hard finding cases where the teachers did n't accept that . 
  and there 's always peer pressure because you 're the `` weird one '' if you do n't do it . 
  my aunt always did another weird thing before dinner . 
  you 'd hold the hands of the two people next to you and then shake the hands and say `` piep piep piep , wir haben uns alle lieb '' which means `` beep beep beep , we all love each other '' but more like kindness or the love between parents and children or siblings not romantic love . 
  that 's the closest thing to saying grace that i 've ever done . 
  which is why we are not nationalistic where you do take pride in something you did n't do anything for simply because of shared heritage . 
  it 's more nationalism for me than general patriotism . 
  germans are very patriotic but we are n't nationalistic . 
  in germany , it 's all about the people . 
  we celebrate authors , scientists and other people that did good things . 
  this has no influence on the country itself though . 
  those people did great things so those people are celebrated but not for their achievement as germans ( or for the german people depending on what they did ) but rather for their achievement as a person because they ultimately are the ones influencing us as people . 
  it 's just a different form of patriotism that does n't really involve the nation since the nation did n't do shit . 
  in terms of the pledge , it just reminds me of the hitler jugend . 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea to have children repeat the same phrase every day that pretty much only promoted nationalism . 
  even though it 's optional , there are always people that will force their students to do it and there will always be students that feel pressured to do it . 
  a school should be a place for critical thinking and not repeating some nationalistic nonsense every day . 
  also , saying grace before dinner is weird as well . 
  somewhere somebody worked their arse off to produce that food and then you or your parents or whoever paid for that food worked their arse off to get the money for it and you 're thanking god for that ? 
  i think i 've never seen a cheque in germany . 
  in norway , 50 $ get you a pizza and a drink . 
  in romania , that 's food for a couple of months or something like that .
