  what 's the weird american hugging style ? 
  i have a bunch of family in paris and i 've never seen most of them before but when i visited , they all started with that cheek kissing shenanigans and i was highly confused because i had and still have no idea what is going on . 
  as an example to what you 've just said : just think about how many young adults with turkish ancestry do n't speak fluent german because their parents spoke exclusively turkish with them and sent them to kindergartens and schools with a lot of children from turkish families . 
  while i 'm all for teaching children the language of the country they live in , there is and never will be a law that enforces such behaviour . 
  i 'm actually all for that . 
  why should a minority have special rights somebody else has n't ? 
  i doubt that this will mean that the germans in poland could n't live their culture and i also do n't see why one part of the people should have more political rights than others . 
  every citizen with equal rights , right ? 
   the same rights as poles have in germany , `` treats citizens in their own country as hostages '' . 
  what is he talking about ? 
  i doubt that any kind of `` anti minority law '' would survive the parliament or the bad press from outside and inside of germany . 
  is employing poles as elderly care nurse because they do n't steal your stuff and actually care to help those old people now like being held as a hostage ? 
  and why do n't i hear the poles complaining ? 
  if i hear one minority not complaining , it 's probably the eastern europeans including the poles ( and a lot of others so please do n't feel offended if you 're not east european ) . 
  i could understand that if the poles would actually protest and tell us what 's bad here in germany but they do n't so i kind of miss his point here . 
  am i just missing the poles crying out loud because they feel like being held hostage here ? 
   but i think they do n't view themselves as poles anymore . 
  not really . 
  they probably say that they 're polish ( or russian or wherever they 're from ) because if somebody here asks where somebody is from , they are mostly interested in cultural background than actual nationality . 
  but what i 've heard from every east european / russian is that germany is their new home so they 're german but still have their native culture in their lives and most want their children to speak their native language . 
  yes , but i was more talking about mental harm . 
  hate speeches would make you paranoid or afraid to go certain places . 
  just think about old gay people . 
  i could imagine that somebody holding hate speeches about homosexuals could cause somebody serious stress and angst if they lived in times where homosexuality was a crime . 
  i mean the personal security . 
  the us is pretty paranoid about national security and the security of a lot of people but if i bring on the argument i 've brought out above , i just here `` just go away and show some strong character instead of crying because that guy called you a fag because you 're gay '' or something similar . 
  i think that was from the article on the bunch of muslim men that got arrested and put in jail in the uk for hate speeches against homosexuals month ago . 
  i think stephen fry said something about that . 
  americans want to be strong and be the best and invincible against everything that can hurt you in your life . 
  so harm though verbal assault is not seen the same way as it is here . 
  i think it 's not necessarily the right of free speech that is higher or lower valued but rather how much you value the feeling of security in a certain country . 
  while the us did n't have to fear hitler because there was at least one ocean between hitler and the usa , european countries were legitimately afraid of the nazis ( and rightfully so because hitler does n't bring biscuits if he visits ) . 
  i think the feeling to be secure ( mentally and physically ) in your country no matter what sexual orientation you are , what your skin colour is , where you 're originally from and in which religion you believe in is just much more important than some idiots starting protesting and demanding that homosexuality should be punished by death . 
  yes but you 're not germany with the central council of jews that always get mad as soon as a politician is not smiling while saying `` israel '', 
   yeah ... 
  i rest my case . 
  i think they got more persecuted and discriminated against in the `` civilized west '' rather than bulgaria or romania . 
  if i do n't see around 10 years old roma children at school time begging and stealing in the city , i will agree with you . 
  otherwise , they 're denying their children the education they deserve and are required to go through by law making it impossible to give those children a chance to break out of the typical gypsy culture so much criticised in europe ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  basically everything that 's `` typical gypsy '' , like that wild camping and denying your children to go to school , breaks german law . 
  what would every government do if immigrants are breaking laws constantly ? 
  they 'd throw them out . 
  we 've got plenty of gypsies here that behave normally . 
  no problem with those people whatsoever . 
  the grimms started the whole science around the german language . 
  they were basically the first `` germanisten '' . 
  that would only work if we 'd have notes for certain professions . 
  poets on one note , scientists on another and so on . 
  too much countries for all those bills and some people might get angry if their special guy is not on it ( i doubt we germans have to think about that because if einstein is not on it , i 'll pack my bags and go to canada ) . 
   yes put an open antisemite on the german 500 $ bill . 
  did n't know that . 
  but that 's annoying . 
  high resolution pngs would be my wet dream every time i see those videos . 
  but ... that would mean i have to immigrate to france or learn another language :(, 
  well , the french are talking and we defend turkey 's borders . 
  let 's wait before we celebrate . 
  yeah ... that 's not the standard us keyboard layout . 
  apple has it 's own keyboard which is mostly a lot better . 
  i think i 've read that i can do over 100 special characters with the osx layout for german but only 15 or something with the windows one . 
  on which one are you then ? 
  i just switched to us standard to test it out and it does n't work . 
  yes the us international keyboard can do that . 
  you can make all sorts of funny signs with the us standard keyboard but you ca n't put them over the letters . 
  i hate those videos . 
  you could spend hours in those maps to see what happened in europe 's past but that video just rushed through it and if you did n't concentrate on one part of the map , you missed a lot . 
  luxembourg is easy because there 's where germans buy cheap cigarettes so it ca n't be near switzerland . 
  til almost all the bands i constantly listen to are european england - enter shikari - [ sssnakepit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znqii6mb8hw ) they 've done a [ call me maybe ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2z5d8zu9-4 ) cover . 
  i suppose the `` oi !, 
  i just met you '' is not in the original lyrics :d, 
  mozart does n't count because the austrians wanted to steal our beethoven and gave us hitler ... justice !, 
  i think this is a pretty valid point . 
  everybody who does n't speak english as their first language is used to hear music that they do n't understand so french , spanish , italian music is much more common in countries like germany ( as long as the lyrics are n't important to like the music ) than in the uk , because every big musician from the us is already in the radio in germany and co. and not understood by a lot of people . 
  so it 's nothing new . 
  in the uk , you do n't have that by default because people with international success as a musician mostly sing in english . 
  therefore , foreign music would be a completely new thing . 
  especially german because singing in german made you basically a one hit wonder until silbermond actually started to play with the language which made people thing `` hey !, 
  that 's clever usage of our language ! '', 
  so they got success and opened the way into mainstream for peter fox and others . 
  the french also have the double dot for \u00f6 , \u00e4 , \u00fc , and the same with e. [ french keyboard layout ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:kb_france.svg ) dear downvoters . 
  the red key . 
  oh we have much more . 
  the us keyboard has a bunch of dead keys . 
  stuff like \u00e1 , \u00e0 , \u00e2 , \u00e3 is also not possible with an us keyboard . 
  there is the us international layout but that makes '' to the double dots for our umlaute which means that you ca n't comfortable write text with a lot of quotes so they do n't use it . 
  i think canadians and every country where english + another language is an official language use that as well . 
  what are scandinavians using ? 
  i know that the french use azerty and the germans qwertz . 
  do you have your own layout or just qwertz , qwerty or azerty with your special characters instead of dead keys ? 
  damn you communist , `` letting women work '' - socialist bastards * internet hug *, 
  oh yeah there was something with the greeks before, 
  but victoria was a straight import from germany as well is good old phil . 
  well , who knows what family member had his genitals involved in that as well ... :d, 
  the dutch once spoke german as well but their dialect evolved separated after they were a true independent nation . 
  edit : apparently not . 
  i got confused because [ that ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/deutsche_mundarten.png ) map puts the netherlands into the category if lower german dialects . 
  do n't forget your german royal family . 
  i think as a german , i have to talk about my state and not the whole nation . 
  as far as i know , my home town ( d\u00fcsseldorf ) was called `` little paris '' before ww2 . 
  so maybe the french are our cousin but because the rest of the family fucked it up , we 're now not that close anymore . 
  obviously , the austrians are the little brat of a brother we 're always picking on and the austrians are picking on us but deep inside , we still love each other .
