  the only thing that makes idiots feel guilty is their own stupid mind . 
  and the fact that we as a nation should take responsibility and make sure something like that never happens again had nothing to do with guilt . 
  i think that might be how it started . 
  radical people come over ( like that egyptian dude in france that was talking shit on an egyptian tv show about how a muslim should lead the country and the host cut him off and said `` fuck off were all egyptians no matter the religion ) , people associate the nationality , religion or skin colour with something bad and assume that they 're all radical and then the radicals pretend to be the confused youth 's friends . 
  that 's how neo nazis do it in germany . 
  they aim for young adults that might not be as popular in school or whatever and pretend to help them and give them a group to belong to . 
  those whiny vikings . 
  i think my home city 's population is twice as high as your country 's . 
  you 're target practice , man !, 
  it 's the first one i 've seen : o, 
  coins for the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the \u00c9lys\u00e9e treaty ( \u00c9lys\u00e9e-vertrag , trait\u00e9 de l'\u00c9lys\u00e9e ) between germany and france . 
  quite . 
  we bring the beer and wurst , they bring the weed and hos . 
  i tried to be nice as well :(, 
  [ actually ... ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:deutsche_dialekte.png ), 
  nah they just want to pretend that you are still relevant so that it does n't look like their biggest enemy is a little girl that got it 's doll stolen . 
  tried to argue that a few days ago . 
  people told me to fuck of :(, 
  your country is just a bundesland nobody wanted to hang out with any more . 
  yeah . 
  the fact that hungary got to the 5th place was probably a lot more beneficial to mr pretty face 's career than wurst 's . 
  if you win eurovision , you 're most likely a good gimmick . 
  if you get into the top 5 or something ( depending on how many good songs there were ) , you probably had quite a good song . 
  well , swiss mercenaries played quite a big role in the fall of the kingdom of burgundy so there 's that . 
  are you really trying to tell the finns what is and what is n't metal ? 
  look . 
  obvious dude looking like a woman ? 
  same dude looking like a man ? 
  that 's how drag queens work . 
  it 's a show . 
  that 's where the silly name comes from as well . 
  no legitimate trans person would call herself conchita wurst . 
  the colloquial latin american spanish term for vagina and a colloquial term for penis in german . 
  at least in west germany , we call that kinderwurst ( children 's sausage but `` wurst '' can also just be the meaty stuff you put on sandwiches ) because it 's usually the stuff children eat on sandwiches whilst the adults have something a bit more spicy or what children generally find disgusting . 
  you do n't ? 
  do n't you know ? 
  multilingualism is just a hoax !, 
  are n't they the biggest scam ever anyway ? 
  no rating agency can really be neutral because they have to be somewhere which means they are bound to an economy . 
  how can they then be neutral ? 
  we should use that in latin as our official anthem . 
  nobody actually speaks latin any more as an everyday language and it 's taught in most eu countries at least as an option anyway so it 's probably the most neutral one . 
  also , the swiss use it as their official country name as far as i know because they could n't decide which language to use either . 
  well fuck me translating that word by word makes more sense than trying to get some proper grammar going . 
  in germany , if you have n't heard about a university , it 's probably ok . we really do n't care all that much about where people studies . 
  there are a few universities that are known for being really good but that 's more of a bonus than something people might care about . 
  a phd still gets you further than a master 's from aachen . 
  germany requires you to have a bachelor ( 3 years ) and a master ( 2 years ) to get a phd and the phd can take up to 5 years as well . 
  the never ending story ( die unendliche geschichte ) by michael ende is probably the most famous one . 
  i think everybody has seen the film . 
  if you want something really disgusting then try feuchtgebiete . 
  it 's our version of fifty shades of grey with ripped arse holes , swapping tampons with your best friend and many more enjoyable topics ( and they make a film out of it ) . 
  probably too a hospital . 
  not in all states . 
  nrw has n't got those laws . 
  because it does n't adapt with time . 
  you 're too lazy to learn nouns with the gender and now you 're looking for excuses . 
  no foreigner i know has major problems with gender . 
  not even the 40 years old dude from morocco i know from uni who learnt german when he was almost 30 . 
  borrowed words from english have gender as well . 
  everything has a gender . 
  that 's the point . 
  almost every single dutchmen speaks english . 
  the dutch language is not dying out . 
  why would german ? 
   how many german speakers will be left by the 22nd century ? 
  as many as there are germans , austrians and german-swiss . 
  there are 320k people in iceland and the icelandic language survived norwegian and danish rule for centuries . 
   who are n't let in on this secret get a good text book . 
  that 's the secret . 
  if your text book does n't introduce you to genders and gives you the hint that learning nouns with the article might be a good idea , throw it away . 
  it 's useless and shit for beginners . 
  that counts for every gendered language . 
   it makes learning and reading german needlessly tedious for non-natives no . 
  you 're just lazy . 
  there are languages way harder than german for the majority of the people . 
  japanese has 2000 regularly used and 5000 common characters in their logography in total that have a rather abstract meaning , readings you have to learn by heart ( at least 2 . 
  sometimes split so that they change based on the next syllable ) in addition to 2 roughly 50 characters big syllabaries that cover the same syllables . 
  in addition to that , they 've got over a hundred counters and particles . 
  that is tedious . 
  and everybody who criticises japanese for that without being a native speaker can fuck off as well . 
  and i do not care how german will evolve . 
  i just want people to leave german alone and see what happens . 
  if genders collapse than so be it . 
  it happened in a lot of languages after all though usually not completely . 
  i just ca n't stand that you look for shit excuses why certain features of the german language are not acceptable because you are too lazy to learn them . 
  and i do n't understand how reading germans is more complicated than reading english due to genders . 
  if you know that `` der , die , das '' translates to `` the '' , everything is fine . 
  that 's how you learn the gender . 
  it does n't affect your ability to read the language it only affects the way you write or speak which can be fixed by listening and reading and repetition because , unlike cases , genders are n't complicated grammatical features . 
  you learn what a gender is and what it does ( again , good text book ) , learn the vocabulary with the article and the rest happens on it 's own if you continue to consume german media instead of assuming that you 're done with the language as soon as you finished your text book or has successfully read faust or something like that . 
   just like an english standardized spelling overhaul will likely come eventually . 
  you tried that once and people did n't give a shit and picked the small fraction of changes they liked . 
  webster was probably depressed for decades after he published his dictionary and nobody have a fuck . 
  you do realise that the article is about getting away from gender specific names for professions ? 
  only the last paragraph mentioned grammatical gender . 
  and then it 's ( again ) about sound shifts which is already a thing in the most populated areas in germany . 
  i already do n't have der or die in my local dialect . 
  literally every dialect from the coast down south to germany does not use `` der '' or `` die '' . 
  it 's `` de '' or `` dat '' ( latter being neutral ) .
