  i paid my ipad with a 500 and 200 euro note . 
  that 's a nice island you 've got there , denmark . 
  would be a shame if something would happen to it ( like schleswig-holstein ) . 
  if i remember correctly , prostitution among young students was one argument for getting rid of student fees in my state . 
  the nrw flair ? 
  yes , please :d, 
  does that mean i have to move to switzerland now ? 
  awwwww :d, 
  but that 's bavarian :(, 
  did you like it ? 
  [ here ] ( https://maps.google.de/maps?ie=utf8&amp;cid=5080624576650882256&amp;q=o%27reillys+irish+pub&amp;iwloc=a&amp;gl=de&amp;hl=en ) is one of them . 
  but they serve guinness a bit more carbonised . 
  but there 's a beer festival every year where you can get all sorts of beer and they serve proper guinness . 
  but we love your beer !, 
  there are 3 irish pubs in my home city . 
  it takes a lot to keep 3 pubs with guinness alive if you are in a city with 15 or 20 local breweries . 
  i 'm happy that there are only around 500 people subscribed to that subreddit . 
  here as well . 
  restaurants are also open on sunday but they 've got another regular free day . 
  well , it 's not because of history . 
  there was once an american on reddit who had a professor names `` neumann '' . 
  he was completely baffled when he realised that it 's not pronounced like `` newman '' . 
  they just do n't bother any more because nobody bothers with correcting them after years in the us . 
  i think we drop the tremors as well sometimes . 
  the international name of my home city d\u00fcsseldorf is dusseldorf ( which is the german word for idiot village ... ) . 
  i 'm not quite sure why we do n't do that with names but we do . 
  i did n't know we were careful folks :d but the turks are very nice people as well . 
  never had so much free apple tea as in turkey . 
  maybe one good thing the church has done in our countries !, 
  you can take the german gift if you want :d / languagejoke, 
  most germans change their name because americans pronounce them wrong anyway . 
  that 's why people called `` neumann '' often change their name to `` newman '' because americans pronounce it like `` newman '' anyway . 
  also , nobody gives a fuck what your name is . 
  there are perfectly integrated russians i know and they 've surnames nobody i 've elver met can pronounce if they see it written . 
  the dude was called pavel and his surname started with a g. every teacher just said `` pavel g. '' because nobody could pronounce the bloody name . 
  and the russians here are not the typical immigrants that refuse to integrate . 
  a lot of them do n't speak proper russian since their parents wanted them to integrate and to become as german as possible so they did n't teach them russian . 
  edit : what a lot of germans do as well is changing umlauts in their names to the replacement form ( \u00fc = ue ; \u00f6 = oe ; \u00e4 = ae ) because it takes hours until the tsa understands that a name written with `` ue '' on your ticket is the same thing as written with '' \u00fc '' . 
  i 'm 21 and i 've seen too many people my age driving like idiots because there was no speed limit . 
  it seems like too many people ca n't actually analyse the situation well enough to figure out how fast they can drive without getting in danger . 
  same here . 
  he has to get jailed for at least that . 
  is there a limit on flairs ? 
  i 'd like to see north rhine westphalia . 
  most german states have a millennia of history attached to them and we do n't have much of a national identity so i 'd like that . 
  but it 's not necessary . 
  if germany gets that special treatment , everybody wants to and that would be a lot of work . 
  same here . 
  could n't give a sod about the adults and what they 're doing with their lives although i feel for the eastern europeans who still deal with them every day . 
  but my blood starts boiling when you see a child begging on the street even though it 's school time . 
  that 's probably also the reason why we do n't have that much problems with them . 
  you 've got to go to school . 
  not sending your child to school would cause serious problems . 
  gypsies do n't steal in romania because if you steal in romania you 've got 5 $ . 
  if you steal in central or west or north europe , you 've got 50 $ . 
  they live in romania because that 's where they 've lived for a very long time and because it 's cheap . 
  you can easily pay for property without much money there . 
  of course they still steal in romania but not on that large mafia-like scale as they do in other countries . 
  not really . 
  at least it was n't in the past ... well , i 'll get myself a nice gypsy schnitzel now ( that 's a real thing ) . 
  how dare you knowing the spelling of your own language !, 
  me , too ... 
  i was wondering why the few rabbis in germany stick to the more neo-nazi infected east ... 
  we say that in nrw as well . 
  at least in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  bavarians are only patriotic about their own state . 
  the east is where it 's at . 
  probably tax evasion ... 
  i was always wondering why people on reddit are talking about rats in the walls ... til , it 's not solid material but wood and isolation . 
  thank you . 
  what happens if a tornado hits a house build out of stone with basement and everything ? 
  on tv , you always hear `` tornados are so powerful , that they can shred a house into pieces ! '', 
  and then , when they actually show it , it 's just wood so i 'm wondering what would happen to a more robust built house . 
  the whole website is precious . 
  every time i ca n't find a game for my iphone when i 'm taking a shit , i go to satw and sit there until i feel like my legs have fallen off . 
  do n't worry . 
  if they bavarians are coming , they will just get put a sign where they live and say `` that 's now bavarian territory ! '', 
  that sounds french . 
  i took iceland because you have n't heard much bad stuff from there . 
  i went for all of the scandinavian countries and then maybe 1 or 2 more but that does n't work ... 
  i want to see what 's coming out of this study , please . 
  you 're the 3rd comment from the bottom and i 'm only down here because i want an answer to that ... 
  so i ca n't check multiple things , right ? 
  do n't give him too much shit . 
  i once highly criticised a study by an american student because it was complete bullshit but he knew and could n't change it because he had to stick to the already existing studies . 
  it 's the president in germany who does that sort of stuff but most of them are bad and one consistent family who does the job is probably the better way . 
  i 've heard that as well . 
  wolfs in general do n't eat human flesh . 
  it 's the last option . 
  so stop killing their food so they do n't make us their food . 
  yay !, 
  b.sc computer science in dortmund , germany . 
  you can show any kind of banned material for educational purposes . 
  so fuck off . 
  because frankfurt is bigger but in another state and munich is half across the country ... 
  mostly high treason and stuff like that, 
  that 's probably a bit too late . 
  but i was talking about stuff like people that were convicted by the nazis and were still considered criminals until every nazi ruling was declared invalid . 
  somebody else posted a picture of cologne . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf was just as bad ( that 's my home city ) but more spread out which is why we are state capital now .
