  it 's great to see that they at least try to put resources where they need to be . 
  if this law is actually the way to go , not so sure . 
  but at least it 's something . 
  he was very public with his distaste of the gdr back in the days . 
  so , i suppose he 's like `` hey , at leat it 's better than back then , right ? '', 
  all the time . 
  did n't the autopsy proof that he was not fighting back ? 
  because you do . 
  i 'd never do that in my native language or in formal writing . 
  i do it on reddit though . 
  1 ) i 've been to turkey . 
  very nice people . 
  i got so much apple tea for free that i had to run back to the hotel and take the most massive shit ever . 
  2 ) the turks seem to be really nice for the most part . 
  obviously , you 've got a lot of idiots everywhere but in general , most turks i 've met are really nice . 
  i do n't know much about turkish culture but your food is awesome ( what 's that garlic sausage called again ? 
  that is fucking amazing ! ) . 
  3 ) if turkey get 's rid of erdo\u011fan and stays secular , i do n't see why not . 
  but as it is now , there is no way . 
  and cyprus . 
  turkey is basically occupying an eu member so that has to be resolved as well . 
  4 ) he can fuck off 5 ) i do n't know much about atat\u00fcrk but he seems to have had his shit together . 
  wow 16th century . 
  we started printing then : o kind of crazy to think that there are 1000 years old texts available in my native language but not in others like romanian . 
  or is there older stuff that you just ca n't date properly ? 
  yeah but those people do n't affect the subreddit quality . 
  give them something localised and maybe / r/pics and / r/funny and / r/askreddit . 
  the problem i had with reddit at first was that it looked like some american website where you talk about political stuff i really do n't care about so i left again until somebody linked me straight to / r/wow or something like that . 
  the defaults for registered users is the problem in my opinion . 
  you just have to make those people register . 
  maybe you can have something on the left side for that ? 
  something like `` hey !, 
  that 's just a small selection we show everybody from < country  . 
  how about you register and we show you much more stuff you actually enjoy ? 
  because you can have the most bullshit comment on youtube and it will always have a couple of `` thumbs up '' even though there are 20 people in the comments telling that person to fuck off and i think some youtubers confirmed it ( and they have to know because the comments also affect the search algorithm ) . 
  nope . 
  the button does n't do anything . 
  after you registered , you get ask questions . 
  what are your hobbies ? 
  where are you from ? 
  how about international/national news/politics ? 
  favourite tv shows ? 
  favourite game ? 
  favourite book ? 
  do you like light hearted humour or humour that would get you kicked out of polite company ? 
  what are/were you studying ? 
  what kind of work do you do ? 
  do you study something on your own/next to your job ? 
  any other interests ? 
  and then you assign subreddits . 
  there is no need to put a subreddit that is mostly news and politics into the sub list of europeans by default . 
  but if you say that you 're interested in such things , it might actually fit . 
  we had that for years in germany but those are still taxi drivers . 
  you can either call a taxi or get the app ( called taxi ... ) and get one like that which is much more convenient than calling . 
  actually there was a thread on / r/til or something a few weeks ago about that . 
  personal letters and stuff like that have shown that people indeed believed that what they did was right and i think the poles did n't hate our guts for nothing . 
  also , good job not mentioning the soviets who would probably come closer to the wehrmacht . 
  both sides refused to shoot at each other so they had to replace both sides with new soldiers at that particular place . 
  there is none, 
  yes . 
  the wehrmacht was n't full of people being forced to do whatever they did . 
  not all of them joined the army because they forced to do so . 
  they might have thought they did the right thing but they were wrong . 
  and the wehrmacht also did horrible things unlike what reddit wants you to believe . 
  i 'd rather walk from paris to beijing just to drink a warn bucket of spit before i acknowledge anything like that . 
  armed conflicts . 
  i 've literally never heard of people painting their face black because they 're racist . 
  the first thing i thought about when i heard that was `` what ? 
  like knecht ruprecht ? '' . 
  also , do n't try arguing with him . 
  there was once a guy here flipping shit because the spanish use something that sounds like `` negro '' for black people ( which just means black for anybody who has no education in any romance language whatsoever ) or people trying to tell others that `` word x in language a sounds like offensive word y in my native language so you should n't say word x '' . 
  i think that happened with the beer and coke mix you can get in bavaria called `` neger '' . 
  however , the non-germans make me want to vomit sometimes . 
  `` oh , the wehrmacht was n't that bad mimimimi '' . 
  there was that one thread where somebody asked if we have ww2 memorials in germany and for like 2 days i argued with somebody who tried to tell me that i should honour the sacrifices of the german soldiers ... 
  sometimes , reddit shits itself in terms of ww2 . 
  nah we do n't really care about you in terms of football . 
  the dutch is where it 's at . 
  i was kind of busy in the last few months ... what exactly is wrong with the guy and why are the british whining again ? 
  i 'd rather go for a veto right for the people . 
  the government do stuff and then , if the people disagree , they can just veto that . 
  like the acta nonsense . 
  it 's good that some government said that this is bullshit but if the european people could just vote to veto that shit , we 'd have never had that problem . 
  like pingjol said , i doubt that would work with 500 million people . 
  yeah but if they 're illegal you can either send them home or check if they can apply for asylum or whatever . 
  you can buy that stuff in every supermarket in germany just not in those sizes . 
  yeah but then the medical condition they 've got would be the disability , right ? 
  not the obesity itself . 
  like , there are genetic reasons why certain people can develop an alcohol addiction easier . 
  i think native americans have that . 
  and asians have a lower tolerance against alcohol than westerners as far as i know . 
  their alcohol addiction or the fact that they 're shitfaced after half a beer is not the important bit . 
  it 's the underlying genetics that are the problem . 
  i 've heard that the basque where always big on gender equality being one of the only kingdoms ( navara was the basque kingdom , right ? ), 
  where daughters could be the heir to the throne even if there is a son as well . 
  is there still some deeper sense of equality on basque culture that some other european cultures might lack ? 
  i never understood the guilt thing . 
  people today associate us with bmw , renewable energy and great beer . 
  only a few do n't see past ww2 . 
  the times where french taxi drivers kick you out of their taxi when you speak german are over .
