  traitor, 
  it 's pretty much only used by neo-nazi though . 
  true but we 're still coming for you : *, 
  no the belgians said `` neutrality for the win '' twice and then they got still overrun by the germans . 
  that 's what the belgians said . 
  twice . 
  i 'm the closet otaku amongst my friends but even i would n't welcome that . 
  most obvious argument against japan joining ( apart from geography ) is the death penalty . 
  it 's not just practised in japan it also seems to be oddly encouraged . 
  talking about legal things , the reason why japan has such a high conviction rate is because once they decided that they want to investigate a case , the police will try to get a conviction . 
  that means that they 'll try to push for a confession and japanese legal standards are not like european ones . 
  they can let you wait a good while before they get you a lawyer should you not have your own . 
  culturally , japan is much more isolationistic . 
  we do n't need another island in the union pretending to be a special snowflake that wants special treatment . 
  japanese work culture is absolutely insane . 
  for european standards , even the americans are overworked like crazy . 
  the eu would rip japan a new asshole if they joined the union with those working conditions . 
  sixth form / gymnasium ( change spelling as necessary for the nordics and maybe nl ) / whatever the second part of secondary education is called in each member state is not free . 
  i see that as unacceptable . 
  abe-chan is a little piece of nationalistic shit . 
  you really want to have somebody in the union that is denying crimes comparable of the ones the nazis committed ? 
  at least mex solved the text book issue but abe can go suck a dick . 
  now he ca n't tell his own people what to do about ww2 history lessons so be begs the americans to not teach it . 
  pathetic . 
  i do n't mind the shinto stuff . 
  edit : even if all that changed , there 's still the geographic issue . 
  even if we 'd decide to extend the eu beyond european geographical or cultural borders , i 'd not jump to east asia right away . 
  you know , i hoped to find some laws in english to explain that but luckily , wikipedia had a case from america . 
   thus , the supreme court embraced the idea that hate speech is permissible unless it will lead to imminent hate violence it 's very similar here . 
  if hate speech could lead to violence , it should be banned . 
  and that 's when people will feel threatened as well . 
  part of the population feeling save  part of the population being racist . 
  i do n't care what you have to say as soon as people feel threatened . 
  we had that long enough in germany . 
  a historical event that does n't matter to me . 
  especially because many of them have sold literally anything to get here . 
  this is their last shot . 
  might as well make it count . 
  none . 
  we get to drunk for that shit . 
  no but seriously , at least my part of germany is so densely populated that a lot of people live in apartments or do n't have a big backyard . 
  so it 's not really something that is popular . 
  if you get together you usually just chat and get drunk and have food . 
  depends . 
  if you make me choose between western and eastern , poland is eastern european . 
  otherwise , it 's central european . 
  yep . 
  no hating on you is not as emotional for us . 
  it 's not as fun . 
  the dutch are n't part of it so i do n't know who to make fun of . 
  no matter what that person would have been investigated . 
  it does n't matter if the statistics call it rape or sexual assault . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that sweden does n't have a public sex offender register like the us . 
  i really like the way the swedes do that sort of thing . 
  having an `` over reporting '' problem is much better than an `` under reporting '' problem . 
  both do n't reflect reality ( if you go to the police and say `` my so raped me '' and then later you say that he stuck his finger up your nose , it 's still part of the statistics because it was reported as rape but it 's not actually rape ) but at least it gives victims the feeling that they are not alone and that the police cares . 
  especially with the inclusion of other crimes that are not considered rape in other countries but sexual assault or something similar which does n't immediately devalue what happened to that person ( e.g. 
  `` was it really rape ? 
  a lot of the organised crime in eastern europe these days is managed by romas including child prostitution and human trafficking as well as robbery and theft . 
  but it 's irrelevant for crime statistics . 
  it 's not that their ethnic background makes them criminals . 
  they 're just criminals that happen to be roma . 
  if you had a frisian gang robbing people in germany , you 'd not list them as frisian either . 
  you 'd list them as dutch . 
  except if you write an article or make a documentary specifically about frisian gangs but those are not part of official statistics nor of day to day news so they 're just listed as romanians or whatever their nationality is . 
  no idea i 'm 24 but society was very left . 
  so not all to positive . 
  probably 3rd . 
  now it 's 1st grade . 
  i 'd say most people i know see being a soldier somewhere between being a prostitute ( which is more of a neutral `` hmm that 's odd '' kind of job than something properly negative ) and a criminal . 
  like , a friend of mine casually mentioned that he 'd totally have sex for money and people were more like `` well if you 're into that at least you 'd have fun at work '' but when another friend of mine thought about joining the military , blank stares or simply `` why ? '', 
  was the response he got . 
  i know a few people from smaller towns that think more neutrally about the military but amongst my other city people friends , the military is anything but neutral . 
  but the german president actually ca n't do shit . 
  austria has a system similar to the one the weimar republic had without making it fool proof so that you can shut down a second hitler before he can come up with a shitty catch phrase . 
  it 's like our system without all the fuses . 
  it helps that in most european languages herpes is also the word used for a cold sore . 
  so it has a much less negative connotation on the main land . 
  many people do n't . 
  it 's a whole continent . 
  but that does n't mean that the uk has n't been ( and still is ) a core part of european culture . 
  it 's history , dumb jokes about the french , talking shit about each other during eurovision and football as well as getting smashed on mallorca that connects us . 
  the eu is not that old . 
  ca n't really expect yet to have some pan european cultural identity . 
  it 's more of a choice to identify as european at this point , i feel . 
  this is what i do n't get ... you guys could actually influence the eu but you just do n't do shit with that power ... you do n't need to leave to be `` more independent '' . 
  just get involved in eu politics !, 
  of course you are . 
  what else are you going to be or do you think that there 's something like european culture and then the brits are somewhat special ? 
  do you mean utc ? 
  at least in germany , pressure starts when you 're 16 and does n't stop until you have your bachelor degree . 
  there have been some confusions on this subreddit about visa stuff and it 's really easy to get confused with schengen and the eu if you 're not from europe so i thought i 'd better ask that as well . 
  the ticket is not a requirement for the visa . 
  those should be two separate issues and not influence each other . 
  you might want to call the french embassy to ask if they let you in or the people that do the eurostar stuff to ask if they let you board the train to be absolutely sure but i do n't think it 'll be an issue . 
  do you have a visa for the uk as well ? 
  nothing except the genocide . 
  actually , thinking about it , i think we passed over that . 
  you 'd have to define when the genocide happens . 
  we learnt about columbus and all the things he did but there is a lot more `` native blood '' in latin americans than in anglo-americans and we did n't talk about anything that happened in the us .
