  my school books were all focused on england . 
  we had 5 or 6 fictional people in stories in the books and they all were the same from 5th to 10th grade and english with accent and everything . 
  8th grade was a bit of `` not british '' stuff but a bit more american than australian , canadian or nz . 
  so in nrw it was pretty much be and i do n't know anybody who went on other schools that used other books than we did ( of course there was a difference between hauptschule , realschule and gymnasium ) . 
  in the 12th and 13th class , we did n't used the book a lot . 
  our teacher gave us stuff from the guardian or other british magazines and news papers that covered currently important topics ( most of my knowledge about global warming comes from those english lessons ) . 
  and we call the brits `` inselaffen '' as well =d, 
  damn ... 
  i knew it looked weird ... 
  thanks, 
  is it a proper marriage ? 
  well the only contact i 've got with brits and british culture were through games and school ( english class in germany is pretty england focused ) but i 've got to say that , as far as i can tell , they are pretty nice people and england is definitely a place where i want to live some day . 
  you can find idiots in every country so that 's not a problem with brits rather than with people in general . 
  they probably are a bit more separated from europe because of the language and the historical connection with nz , aus , can and the usa but i 'm also more connected with austria than with france so that 's not an issue . 
  in general , brits are pretty european and you can apply almost everything negative to french , germans , italians and so on and the positive things are pretty awesome ( tea and proper queuing is classy as fuck ) . 
  i do n't think the british government is especially bad . 
  we 've got most of acta already implemented in our german laws and homosexuals ca n't marry here either so i think both , the british and my own government , have got some things to fix and i do n't think i 'm the right person to say who 's more broken . 
  tl ; dr : british people are awesome and the government is n't more fucked than my own . 
  british films are awesome even though you know almost every big actor if you 've watched doctor who , harry potter and shaun of the dead . 
  especially series are awesome from the uk , i think . 
  try that in germany ... 
  some left extremes would have burned the building down before the soup would be warm ... 
  so they sell a typical newspaper design but call it a magazine on purpose ? 
  they are not even allowed to call themselves a newspaper ... 
  nope !, 
  also next to the republic of anti-abortion, 
  to be honest , christopher street day is a nice party . 
  even as a heterosexual . 
  the direction where the country of homophobia lies . 
  i like the french way * sharpes the guillotine *, 
  and hopefully for the last time . 
  edit : until the politicians stop being homophobic . 
  then they are welcome again !, 
  it 's not about what the constitution is intended to do it 's about what people are doing . 
  i think that the founding fathers were a bunch of clever guys and i think they did a great job with the american constitution but every time i read stuff like `` i can own weapons as much as i want because that are my constitutional rights nagh nagh nagh nagh nagh '' i just have to facepalm . 
  americans give their constitution much more power than it actually has and much much more than it was intended . 
  it 's not a tool for a government for some people . 
  it 's like the bible for the christians and every time somebody is criticising it , they get a shit fit and tell you how awesome the founding fathers were and that they were always right and ever will be . 
  it 's like when they call european governments tyrans because we `` restrict '' free speech without actually asking for the intentions because the american constitution is always right and everybody else is wrong . 
  again : i 'm generalising . 
   by that logic , there should 've never been a empire after rome , or a tyrannical government after greece . 
  you have all 5,000 years of human history contradicting that argument . 
  because 5000 years of history are as present in people 's minds as the third reich ...  alright , you accuse me for bringing up situations that ar n't comparable , than you go and say that the u.s. police are akin to the motha fuckin ' gestapo ? 
  really ? 
  the night of the long knives , jew kidnapping , gypsy stealing , boxcar filling , back alley executing gestapo ? 
  really ? 
  stop ripping it out of context . 
  from the outside ( before people knew what was going to happen ) the police in the us and the gestapo look similar . 
  breaking into houses without identifying themselves and shooting people ? 
  arresting people for wanting to complain ? 
  let people go that shoot a black dude in a hoody and with fucking sweets in his hand ? 
  corruption that allows those cops to get a month paid holiday until they go on duty again ? 
  that sounds a lot like what would i expect from the gestapo . 
  of course the intentions are different but i did n't talk about what was actually going on later . 
  i was talking about what the general public actually has seen . 
   really ? 
  we 're in the middle of a depression , forced to pay back unfair reparations over a world war we lost and we need a entire wheel barrow full of american dollars to buy a loaf of bread ? 
  it was obviously something wrong to everybody when germany invaded poland without declaring war . 
  even the minister of defence was kind of surprised and he was a fucking idiot . 
  that was years after the world wide economy crisis . 
  what do you mean with most developed ? 
  bavaria has some really shitty parts and the public transport there can be terrible . 
  big cities could be `` better '' than in the rest of germany since they only have a few of those while there are 10-15 cities between cologne and dortmund . 
  i 've written a lot as a response before but i just ca n't be arsed to deal with you . 
  the situations are not comparable . 
  pulling of something like hitler would n't work today since people know how hitler did it . 
  technology has changed , the people have changed , the interestes have changed . 
  you basically are in the same situation germany was before shit was hitting the fan . 
  according to reddit , the police in the usa is not what i 'd call nice and nobody is doing anything . 
  they 're just talking . 
  the gestapo was nothing different . 
  people did n't know what would happen until it was to late . 
  bavaria is a state in germany and pretty much our texas . 
  a lot of religious people in villages ( i 've actually seen a documentary about exorcism in bavaria . 
  there 's some serious shit going on ) , the politicians are crazy as shit ( it 's the most conservative , but not right extreme and racist , party in germany ) and the people tend to be a bit patriotic about their state . 
  i 'm saying more guns = more possibilities to commit a murder easier than with a knife . 
  of course the murder rates are not directly bound to numbers of guns in private hands since you can use a lot of things as a weapon . 
  you obviously do n't stop murderers but you take away a big opportunity . 
  you would n't argue against taking a child porn network down because there are a lot of others , would you ? 
  millions of guns in private hands ? 
  better get started then . 
  protecting you from the tyrannical government ? 
  do you really think you 'd survive 10 minutes if your government wants to build up a dictatorship ? 
  i just think about 20 rednecks with their guns standing in front of the white house and getting cut down by an army probably strong enough to invade cuba . 
  which leads me to your next point . 
  the holocaust . 
  at first , you 're an idiot for thinking that both periods are actually comparable . 
  it took you 2 days to get from west to east germany . 
  there was no internet , no affordable telephone , no mobile phone network . 
  people in the west did n't know what was going on in the east and vice versa . 
  so ... nazis everywhere . 
  ready to shot you as soon as you get their attention in a negative way and you really expect those people to start a riot ? 
  with nazis around that would know that there is probably one weapon in every 5th household ? 
  there were riots . 
  there were resistants . 
  those people probably saved more lives in the end than they would have armed ( and they did in my home town ) . 
  also , gun laws were n't that strict back then . 
  it could very well be that there were a lot of guns in private hands . 
  i forgot the illegal weapons in the hands of criminals . 
  you know ...
