  the spd ( german social democrats ) have been really disappointing in the last elections but if you 're unsatisfied with any major party you can just vote for a smaller party and put more of their members into parliament . 
  so you rarely get into a situation where there is literally nobody . 
  well , trump lied about pretty much everything except the things that he people considered to be `` lip service '' ( e.g. 
  the wall ) . 
  that might not be bullying but it 's not much better . 
  trump also said that he would want to throw clinton in jail and go after the media . 
  the gop has been heavily involved in gerrymandering and vote suppression for a while now . 
  fascism does n't require anti-jewish or anti-israeli opinions . 
  i 've also seen an interview with a former neo-nazi who basically said that neo-nazis hate him because his daughter is married to a jew and because he 's pro israel but he 's the closest to `` one of them '' they 'll ever see in the white house so they hope that the gop stays that right wing and push the idiot further to their ideology . 
  like , neo-nazis are basically counting on trump being a fucking idiot so that the tea party can push him as far right as possible . 
  those as well . 
  sexism against women that try to get into male dominated industries like mechanics and electronics and stuff like that was a pretty big topic when i was in school . 
  interests are mostly cultural . 
  we had a girl in school that went to an all girls school before she came to our school and at her school , the technology ( electronics , wood work , metal work and so on ) was as full as at our school but there was n't a single girl in technology class at our school . 
  same for computer science . 
  the only girls there thought that it was a good class to take because they 'd end up in an office job anyway and a good chunk of cs class was office ( at least in the beginning ) . 
  i think there was one that was genuinely interested . 
  or rather one girl that did n't care what other people think of her interests . 
  generally , i also noticed that in games . 
  you either have the butch girls that talk dirty , like metal and do n't give a shit that people think they 're not girly or the girls that `` want to be a good girl friend '' and join their boy friends but then get super competitive and crush everybody . 
  like , they just needed an excuse to make it socially acceptable for them to play said game . 
  but i think that requires a shift in society . 
  politics ca n't do much to change that . 
  i think iceland has a rule where the board has to have 40 % of either man or women . 
  so , you can have a bit of an imbalance but generally , the board must be equally men and women . 
  i actually quite like that . 
  it 's not like people on a company 's board are actually `` the most qualified '' ones . 
  it gets a lot more blurry if you talk about such a high position and contacts are a lot more relevant . 
  i 'd have much more of a problem with that if you had to hire 50 % women in any industry for any job . 
  like , you 'd turn so many highly qualified men away in the tech industry just to fill that quota . 
  my mother does n't know shit about anything medical except `` pill x is for y '' but my aunt is full on crazy . 
  does `` heilkunde '' and gives my mother weird stones that `` suck out '' your bad energy as gifts and shit like that . 
  so , when she told her that she 's gon na buy magnesium for cramps , my aunt told her to buy sch\u00fcssler salze . 
  you know , that stuff that 's so insane not even homeopaths took it seriously when sch\u00fcssler came up with that nonsense . 
  and she does n't question it . 
  she thinks other people probably know more than her about medicine so they must be right . 
  yeah i know i thought i might as well piss somebody off . 
  well , most people that vote for the afd are protest voters . 
  otherwise , trump would have been more popular . 
  generally , we have more of a problem with esoteric pseudo science like homeopathy and `` gmo is bad m ` kay '', 
  so what you 're saying is that trump was right and it 's the mexicans ' fault ? 
  because the whole scene is made to fit the original voice actor . 
  voice actor takes 2 seconds longer than expected ? 
  ok . 2 seconds of additional hand waving . 
  but the games are already done once you put the translations up . 
  they do n't want to create different animations for every language so they just leave the original and make the people voicing the translations work around the time constraint . 
  are gothic 1 and 2 just as bad ? 
  tuck frump, 
  i could probably buy three jumpers for the money i 'd pay for electricity for that heater . 
  german weather , my friend . 
  also , this used to be a small farm . 
  like , the lower floor has pretty high ceilings for the time because that used to be where the animals were . 
  the walls all have an additional layer of insulation but the roof does n't which makes it so cold in the first floor . 
  also , our land lord is a bit shit . 
  he takes very little rent and is a friend of my mother so she is n't too pushy with problems in the house . 
  the heating is 100 % tacked on to the lower floor because those used to be 2 different flats . 
  there are still visible sintis in my city . 
  let me try to find the houses my city built for them . 
  i hope it 's not an invasion of privacy but i 'm sure you could find the address just by googling or asking anybody living in that district . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/otto-pankok-stra%c3%9fe+15,+40231+d%c3%bcsseldorf/@51.2076475,6.8455407,19.75z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x47b8cb8b7c67cfef:0xc3214bde235e3306!8m2!3d51.20777!4d6.84573?hl=en ) is the little sinti settlement . 
  apart from the ugly bricks , it looks pretty normal . 
  you always have one or two untidy front yards . 
  they mention the street name so i suppose it 's fine to mention it on reddit since it 's already public . 
  also , the interview has some pictures . 
  i also saw a documentary about it . 
  really nice people . 
  a lot of the older ones still grew up with primary education if even that and they see the value in education so i assume that their community as a whole just realised that it 's impossible to live the traveller lifestyle in modern germany . 
  at least not if you still need to go to school . 
  yes , macedonia . 
  those are specific problems to specific countries but you wo n't find the same situation in most of europe . 
  in my city , the authorities built houses for the local sinti population . 
  the sinti agreed to live in them and send their children to school and now everything is fine . 
  a lot of eastern europe 's organised crime is roma gangs . 
  child prostitution and human trafficking and the like . 
  they 're criminals . 
  not because they 're roma !, 
  they just happen to be roma just like gangs in new york happened to be mostly italians . 
  and macedonia is also poor as shit and has a corruption problem . 
  you wo n't have the same sort of situation in poland or the czech republic . 
  just as an example : in my city , roma now started to buy the homeless people news paper . 
  homeless people can buy that for 1 $ and sell it for 2 $ . 
  it 's a great program . 
  usually , they stand somewhere next to where you 'd find a lot of people like super markets and cinemas and then people come over and give them a bit of money ( sometimes without taking a paper ) . 
  but some roma started to be very aggressive and just stand right in front of the door of supermarkets yelling something ( i assume in romani ) . 
  because of that , this paper lost a lot of it 's reputation . 
  generally , it 's damaging to the programme but the owner of that organisation said that he also ca n't refuse them because , even though they 're dicks , they still rely on that money . 
  but the loss in reputation hurts every legit homeless guy who managed to buy food with that money . 
  another one : [ look at this map ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/schadowstra%c3%9fe,+40212+d%c3%bcsseldorf/@51.2279632,6.7872948,18z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x47b8ca24801ca8ab:0xe3dfa25ab1039332!8m2!3d51.226701!4d6.7837637?hl=en ) find the spot where schadowstra\u00dfe becomes am wehrhahn . 
  i was walking down am wehrhahn toward schadowstra\u00dfe and saw a guy kneeling with a blanket , a cup and a sign . 
  saying nothing . 
  i kept on walking and saw , on the other side of the street ( right in front of kaufhof ) a guy just like that . 
  same pose , same cup , same sign . 
  just a green blanket instead of a red one . 
  i did my thing in the city and in the evening , i saw a car with a ( i think ) hungarian number plate pick those two up . 
  i 'm not sure if it actually was hungarian . 
  the font on eastern european number plates looks a bit different . 
  the dutch have yellow number plates in the back and the format did n't match any other country i know the number plates of . 
  it 's also been a few years . 
  anyway , the point is , those 2 guys got picked up by a shiny , new bmw with a foreign number plate . 
  and they were places so that the curve in the street made it hard to see the other guy if you were next to one of them .
