  it 's one of those laws that have been around for centuries but nobody bothered to get rid of them because nobody enfoced them in the last 100 years anyway . 
  nobody wants to speak with the icelander :( do n't worry i love your language !, 
  and the anglo-saxons called the it netherlands because there are no mountains and so do most other europeans . 
  especially germanic countries . 
  frequently used and proper translation are two different thing . 
  the french call germany allemagne because the allemanic tribes were the first the french came in contact with but netherlands has been the word for , well , the netherlands since forever !, 
  in fact , the anglo-saxons probably traded with the dutch which would make the name `` low lands '' ( that 's what netherlands means ) the only fitting option . 
  there are for the common citizen . 
  german here . 
  we have english in school in 3rd grade but that changed while i was in school . 
  i had english in 5th grade until the 13th grade and then `` technical english '' for one semester in university . 
  i wo n't talk about the uni stuff because the b2 courses were 2 hours later than the a2 course so i just wrote bollocks on the test they used to categorise the students so i got in the earlier course . 
  therefore , i was terribly bored . 
  i could get c1 ( which means that you do n't have to take the class ) , i think , but i played it safe . 
  5th grade was shit . 
  i hated that woman that gave the class especially since she got pregnant half a year after i got into 5th class and then turned into a total bitch . 
  the next teacher ( 6th grade ) was better but not worth mentioning . 
  i was never really good in school but it gave me the fundamental knowledge one needs to learn a language . 
  i did n't really consume english media at this point but i 'll focus my comment more on that . 
  in 8th grade , we talked about american english . 
  british english has been and still is the default english dialect you learn in german schools . 
  i liked that i did n't have to remember all that silent letters if i used american words so my english was a big mess and a mixture of american and british words . 
  i wrote `` color '' but also `` trousers '' simply because i was n't a big fan of learning vocabulary . 
  i somehow got around the tests but i simply did n't know that `` pants '' means `` trousers '' in ae . 
  so , let 's get to the interesting stuff . 
  college came along . 
  most annoying woman i 've ever seen . 
  weird russian accent . 
  we got rid of her by telling the ministry of education about her little racist fits . 
  so , 12th grade . 
  that 's when i got interested in the language . 
  the teacher was awesome . 
  he lived in the uk for many years . 
  his accent is as clean as possible ( basically like the queen speaks . 
  more about that later ) and he really wanted us to learn the language . 
  we used bbc articles instead of a text book . 
  i actually wrote my final exams ( a levels in the uk , i assume ) about global warming . 
  something like 10 pages with references from articles we had in class . 
  while i had this teacher , i started to look at my english . 
  i got rid of the american stuff because i noticed that , because of the be focus in school , american words i did n't know or i knew differently confused me . 
  not that i did n't know what to do with those words but it was a bit like if somebody speaks german and then uses the wrong case . 
  it just distracts me ( still does ) . 
  so i tidied up my english . 
  but i was n't really fluent . 
  the following thing have been problems for me : simple past vs present perfect , continuous forms , conditionals . 
  i still hate the continuous forms ( could n't have taken something more fun from the celts , could n't you , dear english people ... ? ), 
  but the rest is kind of working now . 
  after school ( so after 13th grade ) , there was a problem with my university application ( wrong information from the university . 
  i applied for a academic degree but i have a practical focused college degree . 
  according to the adviser staff , that works , according to the people who actually have something to say , it does n't ) . 
  that meant i had a year of nothing in front of me . 
  instead of wasting my time with stupid busy work jobs , i studied on my own which helps a lot now in uni but that 's another topic . 
  what i did in that year was getting into youtube . 
  i found a massive amount of english speaking youtubers because of that . 
  at first , i only watched the british youtubers because i were not able to understand americans . 
  it 's still hard depending on the accent but it 's easier than it was back then . 
  one of them talked about doctor who , so i watched doctor who and was hooked after the 2nd season . 
  the 3rd was not available in german so i got it in english . 
  after that , i had even less problems with english . 
  basically no problem whatsoever . 
  i started to force myself to watch american youtubers . 
  i only watched cnn international for news and so on . 
  i found reddit and after that , i basically stopped using german stuff at all . 
  i then started to buy books in english . 
  i started with the hobbit and am currently reading lord of the rings which worked quite nicely . 
  and now i 'm here , writing my comment . 
  so it was more of a `` i do n't give a shit about english '' to `` i kind of want to learn english '' and finally `` the internet is much more fun with english '' . 
  i still think that english is a huge mess but i 'm used to that mess now and english is n't a problem for me . 
  still problems with * z * 's instead of * s * 's and no * u * 's where * u * 's are supposed to be : o edit : are you trying to get advice for learning a foreign language ? 
  as you can see , english is taught in school in most countries so people get sometimes forced into it and start to care later when they have to fix some damage that has been done in school due to the lack of interest . 
  you should go to / r/languagelearning . 
  as somebody who feels like he 's melting ... 
  i 'd love that weather right now ... 
  if the bloody bavarians get their own flair , i want one for north-rhine westphalia as well !, 
  let 's found the french-german empire and take him together !, 
  we both tried it once . 
  third time is the charm , is n't it ? 
  edit : we could make belgium or the netherlands our capital !, 
  are n't there parties who think about privatising the nhs ? 
  do n't you pay something like # 9000 for a semester at university since a few years ? 
  that 's exactly what he was talking about . 
  you take away public services and people turn violent . 
  it 's not anymore except 1 or 2 exceptions . 
  games in general have a bigger viewership while vlogging might have 2 people in the top 5 subscribers . 
  and then again , i do n't care what some american dude has to say about his life when there are 4720474629384 german vloggers who tell the same stuff in my mother language . 
  by the way , i think the biggest german youtube channel is actually a gaming channel . 
  i think it 's already well known in / r/europe , though . 
  i think it 's because reddit is not such a big thing in europe . 
  people that find reddit are people that care about international stuff . 
  i found reddit because some british dudes ( the yogpod ) were talking about doctor who on a podcast and then i googled it and landed here on reddit in / r/doctorwho . 
  if you just do n't spend enough time on the internet as a esl person , you wo n't find reddit . 
  then , gaming is the biggest thing in youtube . 
  so people will get in contact with gaming channels as their first `` international experience '' on the internet . 
  there are still more male gamers than female gamers and those gaming channels ( especially the channels with some kind of quality and seriousness ) will often mention reddit or have their own subreddits . 
  9gag on the other side is just stupid pictures . 
  if you go on reddit , you see american stuff . 
  most people do n't care . 
  in 9gag , you find funny cat pictures . 
  that 's probably also why 9gag is well known in europe as far as i can tell . 
  and do n't forget that games in the uk get cheap pretty fast .
