  just because your accent is still rhotic it 's not closer . 
  it might just moved into a different direction . 
  irish accents are also rhotic . 
  still , because the irish actually move their mouth while talking instead of americans who just mumble into their beard , it 's a very , very big different for me . 
  balls to that . 
  i ca n't understand proper spoken swiss german and the proper spoken austrian dialect is also not understandable for me as well as proper spoken plattdeutsch ( low german ) . 
  what you mean are dialects . 
  they are still high german with an upper german accent ( or some other kind of standarddeutsch depending on the country you 're in ) . 
  the actual dialect is properly spoken not understandable without getting into it . 
  a brit can understand an american can understand an australian can understand a canadian can understand an new zealander and so on . 
  you leant ae in school ? 
  it was all be in my school . 
  well , that went from english to german to gibberish pretty fast . 
  i kind of like perfekt even though i think tenses are more confusing than cases or whatever else you can use for expressing different points in time . 
  i think tenses are one of the few things even germans that speak very good german have problems with . 
  especially the continues tenses ... where does that even come from ? 
  who thought that would be a good idea ? 
  i 'm so happy that it 's just a dialect thing in german so i do n't have to deal with it . 
  how many tenses does old norse use ? 
  old english has only a past tense and a tense for everything else . 
  i do n't really know how that works out in other languages that are that old . 
  i 've already noticed that it 's quite logical . 
  everything i read makes kind of sense and if i actually say the words , i only have to look for a german word that sounds similar . 
  so that was a metaphor ? 
  i thought you meant that you can describe the number `` pi '' better than others because of your weird counting system ( no word for 80 and stuff like that ) . 
  but guess why translations to french ( or german and particularly film dubs ) suck so much . 
  i do n't quite get that . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/1a35go/i_would_like_to_learn_old_high_german_or_old/ http://www.reddit.com/r/germanic/comments/1a3dj6/i_would_like_to_learn_old_high_german_or_old/ i 've also asked about old high german but i got a lot more old english material . 
  i 'd thought about old norse as well . 
  / r/linguistics said that old english is n't that hard as a german and i already knew about beowulf so i thought it would be a good idea to start with old english . 
  the connection to the past and the `` i want to watch / read original version '' is a big motivation for me as well . 
  that 's the reason why i 'm going to pick up old english because i want to read beowulf . 
  i think i pay 150 $ ( every six month ) for my university ticket which gets me through the whole state . 
  i do n't know about going through germany but trains are not that expensive . 
  especially if you take the train regularly , you can save a lot by buying a subscription . 
  if you buy early you can get from d\u00fcsseldorf ( that 's the capital of the big state in the west without coastline . 
  north rhine westphalia it 's called . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf is close to cologne ) to paris in 4 hours for 80 $ . 
  there 's a `` dialect continuum '' between dutch and low german . 
  that means that dutch is easy to pick up by a low german speaker . 
  but dutch has also some weird franconian thing in their language ( that 's basically the north of bavaria to the non-germans ) but nobody has a real explanation for that . 
  so it could be that a low german speaker can just pick up most of the dutch language ( and vice versa ) just by being exposed to it ( like if i 'd start to speak with an bavarian accent if i 'd move to bavaria from the rheinland ) . 
  that does n't work in a reasonable time with native high germans who have no idea about low german . 
  of course , if you 'd live in france for 5 years , you also lean french . 
  a reasonable time frame is a few weeks or a month or something like that . 
  i posted a question about dutch and english in comparison to german in / r/linguistics . 
  if you 've got some questions you want to have answered by somebody who actually know what he or she is talking about , go there . 
  if you ask a beginner questions , they basically act like / r/askhistorians without deleting comments . 
  very nice and helpful people over there . 
  1st : what 's rgbg ? 
  2nd : there are still a lot of low german dialects of high german but low german itself is not widely spoken any more and a lot of people who deal with languages said over and over again that low german is slowly disappearing . 
  just recently , people got a lot more interested in that again . 
  yep ... twice ... 
  it 's plattdeutsch and nobody understands swiss german . 
  i asked something in / r/linguistics a while ago and they basically said that low german is another language ( different grammar , different spelling , different vocabulary , different pronunciation ( 2nd consonant shift ) ) so keep that in mind and do n't get frustrated if it 's harder than expected . 
  have fun !, 
  yep . 
  i think in schleswig-holstein , public services have to reply to requests written in low german in low german to not commit language discrimination . 
  it 's linguistically ( and officially in some northern states ) another language with it 's own grammar , vocabulary , spelling and so on . 
  low german also did n't go through the second consonant shift ( that was the consonant shift that made ch out of k. english did n't go through that either . 
  to make - machen is an example ) . 
  there 's also a dialect continuum between dutch and low german . 
  that means that they 're basically dialects instead of different languages . 
  that means that if you speak low german fluently , you can learn dutch in a few weeks just by listening to it . 
  that dialect continuum does not exist between high german and dutch or even high german and low german . 
   unfortunately , this emi-music-content is not available in germany because gema has not granted the respective music publishing rights . 
  them bastards ... 
  i had some polish friends in school . 
  the most important things are `` kurwa ! '', 
  at least that 's all i could understand :(, 
  me , too , but i 'd like to hear the opinion of native speakers . 
  :( we had the same `` problem '' in germany . 
  germany is basically separated in low and high german dialects . 
  low german has it 's own roots ( there 's also old low german ) but because high german is the standardised german , low german died out a bit . 
  still , after it was something special to speak low german and not just the stupid farmers dialect , more and more people are interested in that again and schools offer courses in low german and stuff like that . 
  english is probably a good example . 
  i 've seen many english speaking people losing their mind while they 're trying to learn german and while i was looking around in / r/linguistics , i 've seen people that said that they had an easier time learning spanish than german . 
  dutch as a german speaker or the scandinavian languages might be a bit boring because those languages are still very similar but they 're probably different enough that i could see the fun in learning dutch ( or even low german ) . 
  17 cases ? 
  what are they used for ? 
  and how many cases are still used regularly ? 
  petrol is so expensive in germany that it 's cheaper to have a train ticket and take a cab when public transport is not an option . 
  we 're used to dubs and dubs is the only thing that is on germany tv . 
  if the netflix people know that , they might not see the benefit in getting the licence for the dubs . 
  not a good idea in germany . 
  but we 've got our own ways . 
  still , i 'd like to give them my money but they do n't let me . 
  they still brew beer the german way . 
  why not do a kick starter ? 
  or youtube ? 
  youtube has a lot more users and kick starter has already convinced big sponsors to finance projects . 
  i 've always been bad with names and i saw a guy called `` asyx '' in my old world of warcraft guild so i stole his name around 6 years ago . 
  z and y are also swapped on a german keyboard so it 's fast to type . 
  i think what 's always legal is to check ids , though . 
  and i 've experienced that police officers searched me for drugs because they thought we had any . 
  no idea how that 's justifiable . 
  i 'd rather have the spd than cdu/csu or even the fdp again ... 
  ca n't talk for the whole of europe but in germany , a foreigner has to earn at least as much as a german on average to prevent mass import of immigrants for cheap labour . 
  foreigner means here `` not a eu citizen '' . 
  eu citizens can do and earn what they want , obviously .
