  of course the duden corrected it ) . 
  it also changes stuff like grammar rules . 
  the perfect example is the \u00df -  ss stuff . 
  the old \u00df rules were based on the long s ( mathematicians know it as the integral sign ) rules but since we 're not using the long s any more ( which is stupid , by the way . 
  there 's no way to know if wachstube is a little house for a guard or a tube of wax any more ) , the rules for the \u00df got changes so they 're independent and not dependent in the long s rules . 
  but borrowed words get used a lot and then later changed with spelling rules into a proper german word . 
  at least for computer stuff . 
  it 's damn easy to read english books about computer science if you 've learnt most of it in german but with electronics , it 's a big mess . 
  edit : that only counts for germany !, 
  the swiss and the austrians have their own dictionaries and spelling rules might differ . 
  ~ ~ it 's still a lot easier to learn english pronunciation than french grammar . ~ ~ the nice thing is that english has so many dialects which makes you quite good at understanding mispronunciation . 
  so even the thickest accent you can think of from an esl speaker is understandable . 
  that does n't work too well in other languages . 
  i 've got to switch to english with most tourists because i just ca n't understand their accent . 
  edit : looks like my example was not that great for other gallo-romance languages . 
  according to / u/lonoi , diphthongs are a nightmare for them since french is very conservative in that matter . 
  it 's from 2006 . 
  the american polls from 2006 looked the same . 
  the language of the rohirrim is actually very close to old english so that 's a bit off . 
  their story is also basically beowulf with horses . 
  well , the pope is german . 
  i 'd say we go for religious victory !, 
  which is necessary since there are not many germans joining the bundeswehr . 
  if we de maiziere does n't want the bundeswehr to be completely useless , he has to replace manned stuff with automatic stuff ( in this case pilots with drones ) . 
   and that is not `` germany '' which is already to big to really fulfill the heimat longing , but the regions / states we 're from how very true, 
  if it 's a german word , just pronounce the second letter of ie or ei and you know which one to take . 
  and it affects european soldiers which makes puts it into european news as well . 
  but you 're still in bavaria !, 
  and it 's bloody expensive in munich . 
  yes . 
  you might find it on youtube with subtitles . 
  pretty sad that arte is not offering at least english subtitles . 
  it 's a very interesting channel . 
  that 's why you do n't put names on those maps . 
  you will always forget somebody and they will be angry :(, 
  the internet became a part of our every day life and a lot of people rely on it . 
  it is also a source for education and news which is why we 've got state tv in the first place and why your tv ca n't get seized . 
  the internet is just another medium that does the same thing a tv does just better and more interactive . 
  neutrality does n't just mean political neutrality but also neutrality about other news in my opinion . 
  ard and zdf just report on the issue and then move on . 
  rtl and co like to milk the story for every last bit and then twist context so it sells better to the public . 
  zdf is well known for that in shows like frontal21 , but frontal21 is not a news show while shit like `` punkt12 '' is . 
  ard and zdf are by no means perfect . 
  i still prefer to get my news from the bbc . 
  but it 's not like we do n't have trustworthy news . 
  they might not be completely neutral but like will_holmes said , that 's impossible . 
  the ard is more left , the zdf is more right . 
  but they are not trying to actively tell you bullshit or twist the facts so it fits the agenda of the associated parties . 
  they state the facts about a story and they move on . 
  sure , if it 's germany related , ard shows more left leaning politicians and the zdf more right leaning politicians but since the news on both channels are only 15 minutes long , you can easily watch both and make your own judgement and see both sides . 
  it is still more neutral than rtl , bild , express or prosieben news and you do n't have to fear that both , ard and zdf , are showing you some brainwashing bullshit . 
  we do n't have neutral magazines , though . 
  i wonder what they thought about iceland . 
  `` hmmm ... ice , snow ... 
  and then they ran out of ideas . 
  well , he 's right . 
  not that it 's a bad thing , though . 
  most of our stereotypes are kind of friendly or at least not meant to be mean and it 's kind of funny when we pick on each other and then all of a sudden an american appears and screams `` omg racism !!!!! '', 
  even though we 're just like kittens playing ( which can look rough too but actually is n't ) . 
  if i 'd have to pick one thing the british can be very proud of , it 's probably the bbc . 
  while german news on the state tv are neutral , the rest that those channel produce are made for old grumpy people who want to be supported in their `` those damn kids and their computer games '' mentality . 
  the germans would have seen the whole situation a lot more positive if the greek would n't have pulled out the nazi card . 
  leave the official borders and we 'll be fine . 
  if people can easily identify with a real thing ( read : a real country ) , they wo n't feel like different cultures are forced onto them . 
  a lot of countries put a lot of value in their culture and traditions and it would be difficult if they are united as one europe instead of a union with different countries . 
  it would end like europeans see the us . 
  while the states vary in culture ( not as much as most european countries but that 's not as important ) , europeans see you as one big country because that 's what you actually are . 
  but france and germany ( for example ) have millennia of history which made the cultures what they 're today and if you 'd take that separation away , people might not accept this idea as we might hope . 
  a political and economical federation would work fine ( with mutual respect for every country and culture ) but a cultural union is hard to achieve . 
  and we already have 1000s of years of history . 
  i think it would be kind of hard to melt cultures together who were separated for so long . 
  i think a union that acts like a federation but is still separated in different countries with different passports and everything is the way to go . 
  politically , we should get closer together but we should respect tradition and culture which includes language and virtual borders ( just marked by a sign ) not just for the sake of respecting them but also for the sake of acknowledgement . 
  i think a proper membership would n't work that well but some kind of trading agreements or the schengen agreement could probably work . 
  damn auto correction ... that was meant to be `` fuck '' and not usk . 
  nope . 
  they could get you until you finished the 3rd semester ( so until you were in the 4th ) . 
  the first 3 semester are kind of basic and are kind of loosely connected to the rest so you could easily go away for a year and then come back while the 4th and higher semesters might be harder to get through smoothly with a break in between . 
  but that 's just speculation . 
  maybe bavaria will take on for the team but the rest of us would just stay the fuck away from you :d, 
  that 's pretty much how it worked in germany except that the army could pull you out of university until you were in the forth semester . 
  everybody got rated and categorised . 
  i have some weird feet shenanigans going on so as soon as i got naked to get my balls touched , the guy said `` woah what 's this ? '', 
  and then i was rated t5 which means `` physically unusable '' . 
  i 've got that fact letter that says that i ca n't get drafted :d, 
  but not that risky which is the reason why nobody would invest in greece after that . 
  do n't worry . 
  south bavaria has a big exorcism culture and he 's just trying to cover up . 
  most german let 's plays are not edited . 
  they record an hour or two with fraps , put their audio track they 've recorded separately on top of that and then cut it into 15 minute pieces . 
  there are let 's plays that take time like commentary in post production and highlights . 
  some people bother with creating proper intros and trying to find nice spots to cut off an episode . 
  dual commentary is also harder to properly edit . 
  i 'm really just talking about let 's plays that are like `` recording for 2 hours -  cut it into 15 minute pieces -  upload 2 of them each day -  shower in yt money '' . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  the big lets players do n't add anything to the gameplay . 
  they 're just rambling a bit about stupid stuff just for the heck of it . 
  other , mostly not german , let 's players add some value with their play style and personality . 
  but i do n't want to talk bad about german youtubers . 
  in the end , that 's what the majority wants to see and they make a lot of money with those videos .
