  however , i do n't consider european culture to be a thing . 
  we share certain values . 
  like , there is no death penalty in the eu and except bloody belarus , no european country has one . 
  same with healthcare . 
  it 's a thing somehow in every eu country as far as i know . 
  but then again , you 've got russia where people are shitting on homosexuals while countries like france and the uk actively work towards equality between same sex couples and `` traditional '' couples . 
  so there are some similarities between most european nations that i do n't see in the us but to some extend in canada . 
  but then again , there are differences between european countries that are so big that i ca n't really find a way to define european culture and values in the first place . 
  especially not culture . 
  i do n't think that the commonwealth nations have access to the uk ( or vice versa ) . 
  i once tried to find out what one needs to immigrate to canada ( as a german ) but found some stuff about that . 
  as far as i remember , a few decades back , it was easier for the commonwealth ( or canada specifically . 
  not so sure ) to immigrate to the uk . 
  but you kind of gave up on that . 
  however , travelling visas are not a thing between most first world nations including canada and the uk . 
  yes , you guys have a bad reputation but so does everybody else . 
  i think americans kind of overreact a bit when they notice that they 've got a bad reputation here . 
  we have stereotypical ideas of everybody ( especially other europeans ) but you generally wo n't see people giving you shit for it . 
  it 's something we like to make fun of each other but not to seriously start a fight or something ( there are idiots everywhere , though ) . 
  as long as you do n't behave according to those stereotypes , you 'll be fine . 
  you do n't go to germany ( : c ) so i ca n't talk for other countries but if you went to germany i 'd highly recommend to not show patriotism . 
  patriot is an insult here and patriotism is an undesirable character trait . 
  i think you 're right with your observation but i personally call them all immigrants . 
  i do n't care where they are from , what there qualifications are or if they speak the language or not . 
  they 're all immigrants . 
  there are still good and bad immigrants but i do n't associate the word it self with something good or bad . 
  black pudding is amazing !, 
  you might want to get together with the mod of / r/french . 
  people seem to mistake that subreddit for the `` ask some french people stuff ! '', 
  subreddit even though it 's pretty clear that the subreddit is about language . 
  if they do n't redirect those people to / r/askfrance , you might have problems getting your sub going . 
  i 'd suggest the following : raise your children bilingual ( so speak english and french to them . 
  they might get your accent but that 's not a problem since they 'd be around french children an awful lot but they should be able to communicate with people once they enter kindergarten or primary school ) , stay in france , perfect your french , try to fit it . 
  if you 're really miserable in france , move to the uk . 
  maybe if your children switch school ( like from primary to secondary ) to not rip them out of their studies . 
  france is a great country with affordable universities and in every other european country , native french and english is a huge bonus . 
  so it 's a major benefit for your children if you 'd stay in france . 
  should you be really unhappy if your child are about to start school , your children will already speak french ( do n't make them lose it again ! ), 
  and know the country well enough to maybe come back for uni should university in the uk be too expensive for you . 
  i 'd say france is not just the best of the three but also the best preparation to change your mind ( i suppose french does fuck all for your children in the us ) . 
  i 'd definitely not go for the us . 
  your children can get us citizenship anyway , i think ( do n't know why they would because the americans want your tax money even if you do n't live there ) so that 's not in the way of things . 
  from what i 've heard from immigrants , once your used to the social security net in european countries , the peace of mind is worth more than any harvard education or any other benefits you could get out of america . 
  also , my mother did n't know anybody here where i live . 
  i live in a small district that is kind of remote of d\u00fcsseldorf , germany ( d\u00fcsseldorf started as a small village and then slowly annexed surrounding villages so i live pretty much in a village except that it 's really close to the city ) . 
  once i got into kindergarten , my mother met a lot of new people and friends from here . 
  so should you feel a bit like an outsider now , it might get a lot easier if you have children . 
  especially since your french should be perfect then . 
  as a little extra , think about the opportunities for your children if you stay in france . 
  maybe they 'll take german as a second foreign language . 
  then , they could work it france , belgium , austria , germany , uk , ireland without any language problems ( and switzerland but i do n't know how easy it is since they 're not part of the eu ) . 
  german is really conservative so it 's a great base to learn other germanic language ( english is the odd one in the germanic language family ) so a language barrier in the netherlands , the rest of belgium , denmark , sweden , iceland , norway ( same as with switzerland ) is easy to get over . 
  so many countries , so many possible directions for your children . 
  especially since they 're the children of immigrants . 
  they 'll have a lot less anxiety to maybe move to another country if their parents can help them out . 
  but do n't forget yourself . 
  if you 're miserable in france and you actually tried , do something about it . 
  also https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwbmgbxzit0 here 's a video of a british dude who lived in germany for something like 20 years who talks a bit about his concept of home . 
  maybe that will help you, 
  yeah but people from american universities are very rare in europe ( especially not english speaking countries ) so while us universities ( the good ones , obviously ) give you an edge , i doubt you 'll have to get multiple jobs taken away by people from those universities . 
  so while harvard education is great in the us , it 's only a bonus in europe . 
  i 've never seen people not write in cursive so i suppose justsmall and i do n't know the same people : /, 
  but do you just cross out stuff and then squeeze in other letters ? 
  i always rewrite a word and if it 's something important , i rewrite the whole thing again anyway . 
  you ca n't just cross out a letter and write because they are linked . 
  but you can ... which is why i do n't get it either . 
  i mean , it looks like shit but it does so in print as well . 
  it 's just some weird word the anglophones use for it . 
  i was confused at first as well . 
  subtitles distract me more than a bad dub . 
  i watched a weird norwegian film in netflix and i seriously could n't tell you what happened there . 
  i got the basic idea of what happened but i could n't really follow the plot ... 
  is n't it pretty common that they put one american character in there ( at least in hollywood films ) to have the americans one character they can relate to and have an excuse to film the whole thing in english ? 
  but then again , i 'm german and used to dubs . 
  i do n't really associate language with authenticity . 
  i do n't think they did . 
  die welle is actually on netflix ( as `` the wave '' ) people also shouted `` niemand fickt mit maaskantje ! '', 
  when the movies came out ... 
  whatever the belgians want . 
  it 's non of my business to make judgements on anything related to independence movements if i 'm personally not involved . 
  same with scotland or catalonia . 
  if everything is done through politics , i support whatever the majority wants . 
  that 's such a specific question you might as well ask in / r/austria . 
  i do n't know why a colourful laptop should be a problem though . 
  the great gift the dutch made to the world !, 
  thanks a fucking lot ... also , thanks for making a german translation ( whoever did it . 
  i suppose not the dutch ) so i can enjoy idiots around me shouting `` verr\u00dcckte mongo ! '', 
  and `` junge ! '', 
  in a shitty dutch accent . 
  thanks a lot ^ ^ ^ ^ assholes ... 
  ask in / r/germany as well . 
  people might give you better advise there . 
  how many years do you have to learn swedish ? 
  i think ireland and the uk have their own `` no border checks '' treaty but schengen visas should not work in the uk as far as i know . 
  so you 'd at least need an irish/uk and schengen visa but i ca n't tell you if the treaty between ireland and the uk works like the schengen treaty . 
  he ( neo7 ) is perfectly right for nrw . 
  hauptschule is 10 years here . 
  i had to buy some text books . 
  i think there 's only low german and frisian in germany but i do n't know much about it . 
  i 'd like to see some more consistent push to keep those languages alive .
