  indians are called inder so there is no confusion between the two ) in germany . 
  karl may wrote adventure novels and the most famous one is about a native american winnetou and his white friend old shatterhand who fight for peace and friendship . 
  there 's even a parody of the two where both are ( stereotypically ) gay . 
  the film is called schuh des manitu . 
  because of those novels , we 've got some weird fascination with native americans and i 'd say people would be really curious about your culture . 
  i 'm not sure about medical education in english . 
  i 'm not sure about medical education for foreigners at all . 
  the numerus clausus ( requirement to get into the course . 
  it rises with popularity ) is very high for medicine here in germany so i do n't know if they even take foreigners not from the eu if the nc is already so high that most germans could n't get into that programme . 
  but i think others can be more precise . 
  ninja edit : i know that the names from the novels are really stereotypical . 
  i 'd like to add that karl may died in 1912 . 
  while people would probably find those names weird today , it probably fit right into the idea people had around that time . 
  we already have federalisation in germany and i think it 's a good thing . 
  for a long time , what are now states were independent nations . 
  i think it 's a bit mean to take that away from the states . 
  it would feel a bit like in france where the french constitution says that french is the only language of france but then you 've got brittany which is celtic . 
  i feel like similar regions would n't have the freedom they need to keep their culture alive . 
  in schleswig-holstein , for example , low german and danish are official languages because low german is spoken there and they have a large danish minority . 
  such things make no sense for bavaria because people never spoke low german there and certainly not danish . 
  i think we should have more historical borders , though . 
  but the rest becomes a part of the opposition . 
  you can vote for a party that is small as shit as long as they 've got more than 5 % , they get a say in the government . 
  and i think that was declared unconstitutional after the last election so the `` 5 % mark '' will probably be lowered in the future . 
  my vote for a small party is not completely lost . 
  but your centre is in the right spectrum of any european country ... that 's why people think the democrats are too right winged . 
  what you describe as `` centre '' is already far away from what europeans generally consider as `` centre '' . 
  none . 
  if you put a gun to my head and told me to vote one of those 2 , i 'd take democrats . 
  but even they are too conservative for my liking so i 'd rather vote for whatever else is there ( so independents ) or rather not vote at all because your system does n't give those parties a chance anyway . 
  how should the discussions look like ? 
  i ca n't really think of much that would fit better into ** ask ** europe than just europe . 
  ah yeah well , we do n't really see latin americans as another race ( it 's more about cultural background here ) so people will just see you as white but still foreign . 
  probably for a long time as well . 
  in my experience , you 're in whatever culture you 've grown up first and then you 're german . 
  so even if you lived here for 20 years , people would probably see you as mexican ( just picking a random latin american country here ) first but german second . 
  but in the same way , people from bavaria are bavarian first and german second . 
  where americans seem to desirer some kind of unity across there population ( everybody is american and stuff ) , we pretty much keep to the eu slogan which is `` unity in diversity '' or something . 
  again , not many black people here in germany . 
  most immigrants / refugees stay in big cities . 
  they have n't had a chance to get out of those places and spread across the country . 
  so chances are high that in places with a low population density , people have never seen a black person . 
  there was a black woman living in a small bavarian village in / r/germany that said that people stare , people talk , people do whatever . 
  she 's like a unicorn running by . 
  and germans are not as social as americans seem to be . 
  so , if i see a white person with a sort of exotic hair cut , i could just ask what that hair cut is about . 
  like dreadlocks . 
  white dude with dreadlocks ? 
  no problem to ask him how he maintains those and what problems he 's got with that ( like , you 've got to properly dry dreadlocks because otherwise , it 's getting stinky and stuff ) . 
  a black woman with something i assume is more common in africa ? 
  i 'd think about how often she hears my questions , if that annoys here , if that 's even a thing i can ask or if that 's something that is pretty mean or impolite in her culture and so on . 
  so even with good intentions , it can seem like people are impolite , talk about you , stare at you , whatever . 
  what actually happens might be that people like your hair style but are to shy to ask or worry to much . 
  so they start to talk about that with their friends that are near by . 
  like , `` i wonder how long that took to do and how often she has to renew it '' , `` oh , i do n't know . 
  just ask her '' , `` ah no i ca n't '' . 
  of course , if you then do n't speak the language , it looks like people stare at you , talk about you , make fun of you , whatever . 
  not really that relevant now when i think about it but i guess those are the things you might encounter in places in germany that are harmless but just happen because black people are pretty rare here . 
  i 'd say you wo n't have much problems in general in either west or north europe . 
  from what i 've heard in germany , i 'd stay away from dortmund and surrounding areas of aachen ( aachen itself does n't seem to be a problem ) and in general from the east . 
  the east votes a lot more radical ( in both directions ) and they 've got much more problems than the west . 
  especially in the south , the population density is a lot lower . 
  so you get the stereotypical rural area people . 
  i would n't say they 're bad people . 
  they just do n't see many outsides . 
  i 'd probably get as much weird looks as a foreigner in the rural south but obviously , as a white german , it 's not like i think much about racism . 
  so while it does n't bother me on holiday , it might bother you if you lived there . 
  in big cities , you wo n't have much problems . 
  even in rural areas in the west , the next city is n't far off . 
  so people do n't do stupid stuff because they 're excited to see an obviously foreign person in real life because most of them went to school/work in near by cities and are used to foreigners . 
  important side note : we 've something like 160 white people for one black person . 
  so it 's rare to see black people outside of universities and most of them are recent immigrants or refugees . 
  i hear a lot more french from black people than i hear english . 
  so even though you 're black as well , people are used to a different kind of black person with a different background . 
  also , we germans are pretty straight forward . 
  should you be offended by something , tell them . 
  they might just not notice because of what i said above . 
  again , i 'm a white person whose family has lived here for centuries . 
  this is what i 've seen , heard or read . 
  addition : berlin might be an exclusion to the `` east germany thing '' i mentioned . 
  to the second point , the nordic countries are the only countries that pop into my mind . 
  the further north you go , the less people live there . 
  norway is ridiculously expensive . 
  if i remember correctly , they pay something like $ 50 for a pizza delivery ( but earn a lot as well . 
  at least compared to other countries ) . 
  not sure about iceland but i think denmark is the cheapest and even they are pretty expensive compared to germany . 
  there was an / r/askreddit thread about dark skinned people that lived in the uk and us . 
  not a single post from a londoner was negative . 
  i 'd say he 's most certainly a troll . 
  and nature would n't be far away either !, 
  think about what would happen if we had something like 10 big cities in germany where everybody lives and the rest is just nature with a few high ways between the cities . 
  how awesome would it be to have big forests multiple times the size of our forests today . 
  and since farmers would n't live in the middle of nowhere , wolfs would n't be as much if a problem and they could repopulate in peace . 
  you think we are your enemy ? 
  maybe canada but not the us . 
  it seems like individualism is too much of a thing in the us compared to europe where people rather pay higher taxes to finance national healthcare services for people who ca n't than having more money on their own . 
  there are some things i just do n't think are compatible . 
  canada , however , seems to be much more european . 
  i 'd say they could even join the eu if that would geographically fit . 
  from my own experiences and talks i had with canadians , the quebecois seem to be more `` european '' than the anglo-canadians but i do n't think my sample size of big enough to make a statement about that .
