  i can actually implement heuristic search algorithms . 
  i can actually implement iterative algorithms used for getting an integral or something . 
  i can actually produce working computer graphics applications . 
  the universities and schools here are so focused on theoretical knowledge that a lot of students just fall through even though they could achieve a lot . 
  even on fhs ( fachhochschulen . 
  universities of applied science . 
  unis that are more focused on practical application of the sciences than academic work ) , it all comes down to theory . 
  i remember my german teacher in school telling us that they really had to work hard to get a dude through the abitur . 
  he was amazing at mathematics just failed at everything else . 
  him not getting abitur would be a waste of his potential . 
  luckily , you can study mathematics or physics with not so great grades . 
  but if he had more of a talent for stuff you needed for those degrees that have such a high nc , he 'd be out of luck . 
  no way for him to study that subject in germany . 
  kind of surprised that 40 % of the people in nrw see islam as a thread . 
  but then again , i also did n't need to clean my facebook friend list when the pegida nonsense started so maybe i just got lucky with the friends i picked . 
  that was actually posted here before and got ripped apart . 
  it was just posed earlier so it could gain traction until the racists woke up . 
  though , a discussion was impossible . 
  dat medicine degree without a 1 . x nc, 
  oh shit i did n't know that . 
  so , jetbrains is actually a russian company ? 
  good that jetbrains took the steps to relocate then . 
  it would be a shame if such high quality software would suffer under the russian government . 
  jetbrains headquarters are in the czech republic , though . 
  none , obviously . 
  however , people seem to think that bavarian stuff = german stuff . 
  lederhosen are just as weird to me as they are to you i just got used to seeing them on tv . 
  we also do n't drink beer like savages out of 1 litre glasses . 
  we use 0.2 litre glasses like civilised people . 
  that 's deep coming from a pole . 
  do n't get eaten by bears or wolves : /, 
  yeah there are only people taking walks in those forests . 
  there was a `` forest '' between my mother 's house and my father 's house so i used to ride my bike through that `` forest '' quite regularly . 
  pretty sure my cat could beat up a dog . 
  he weights six kilos and knows how to use his claws : o, 
  because neither of those are actually issues at the moment . 
  the most dangerous animal where i live is probably my cat : o as far as i remember , romania and especially transylvania is the only place where we still have anything close to what would count as a forest in other countries . 
  here where i live we only have `` city forests '' which are basically a bunch of trees somewhere near or right inside a city :(, 
  or your existing eastern european forests : / i 've probably more luck with a bicycle here . 
  but our german trains are so comfy !, 
  i think my mother would disown me if i were buying a motorcycle ... well , i do n't even have a licence because i do n't really need one so i guess she 's on the safe side there, 
  yeah i would n't either but who knows what other mental problems he had . 
  imagine what you 're all missing ... imagine the awesome games coming out when vr takes off !, 
  all that technology you 'd miss . 
  probably very irrelevant for most people but if the stuff you read about in otherland is the future than the decades coming will be quite exciting . 
  especially as a computer scientist who will probably be able to actually get into that technology early on . 
  good that you called your mother !, 
  i moved out from home a year ago and now try to call her every wednesday and sunday . 
  it 's easy to forget to call your parents if you 're busy . 
  his girlfriend was pretty abusive and then when she broke up with him by phone , he just jumped out of the window after hanging up . 
  nobody knows what exactly she said to him . 
  sorry to hear that about your mother :(, 
  well they 're probably looking for him . 
  if his cloths and skin colour is the only thing you have , you should probably not leave that out . 
  the son of a friend of my mother killed himself when he was 18 or something like that . 
  took his mother 10 years before she could think about her son with some sort of happiness again . 
  like , not just thinking about his death and that he 's dead but also the nice moments they had . 
  a dead child is the worst thing i can imagine . 
  condolences :(, 
  she was fleeing from prussia way earlier , i think . 
  and she was from wuppertal so in the west . 
  but yeah , in theory , she could have been . 
  she does n't talk much about that . 
  my grandfather told a little but that was also the only time i 've actually seen him cry ( except when my uncle died ) . 
  he was a teenagers back then so i did n't want to be pushy either . 
  i hate that my grandmother ca n't get herself to write down what she experienced in the war ( and i 'm not gon na force an old woman to go through the worst time of her life ) . 
  such reports are very important in my opinion . 
  especially on reddit ... 
  actually more like 1100 years of war between european superpowers . 
  ww1 and ww2 was only the end of an awful lot of dick swinging . 
  my grandmother called the 5 dm coins heiamann !, 
  we could give the 5 $ coin cute nick names as well < 3, 
  that is illegal in the us now because people started doing that , i think . 
  if you buy 20 beer in cans then the cans will take up more room than a 5 or 10 litre barrel . 
  you can get a 5 litre barrel in germany that 's literally just a big can . 
  get a barrel . 
  you 'd have to include a lot of people here and there . 
  also the north italians . 
  but i did n't want to make the comment unnecessarily long . 
  i still get my point across , i think . 
  i feel like ethnicity does the exact opposite . 
  you do n't just boil everything down to skin colour but actually take culture into consideration . 
  and even that might be too little for a real world situation . 
  a friend of mine recently got german citizenship . 
  did n't really change much . 
  he came from russia when he was 6 or 7 . 
  slight accent but nothing that would not make me forget that he 's not born here . 
  he 's basically 100 % german and that citizenship only made it official . 
  that all depends on how deep you want to go . 
  you could say that we 're all germanic people ( like , the dutch , the english , the scandinavians , us germans ) . 
  you could also say that we 're continental germanic ( like , splitting of the scandinavians and let the brits to their own thing ) . 
  you could also say that we 're germans ( splitting off the dutch since there are more obvious cultural differences , i feel like ) . 
  you could also say that there are saxons , franks and bavarians ( which includes the austrians ) . 
  it just depends on the context which resolution makes sense . 
  seriously , i 'm sure that the cdu is staying in office until our social system collapses . 
  the spd tried to make it more viable with the agenda 2010 stuff and that backfired ( it 's probably more sustainable now but it 's worse than it was before ) so nobody will change anything until we literally ca n't pay pension anymore since the population is too old . 
  then the cdu will get the same blame the spd got for agenda 2010 and we repeat the whole thing again . 
  spd back into office , until they have to change something important again and get blamed because nobody sees that the alternatives would be much worse . 
  ( disclaimer : i was too young to actually understand what was going on when schr\u00f6der was in office so i might be a bit off here ), 
  i do n't understand how people can still support merkel .
