  i do n't think you 'd have to worry in france or ireland . 
  even germany , which is very anti-american compared to both ireland and france , you 'd be fine if you do n't find some anarchist that 's just about to burn some cars in berlin . 
  however , if you find yourself in germany , you can expect jokes , remarks , questions , getting teased . 
  german humour is a lot more political than american humour . 
  not being political is something that you hear rarely . 
  everybody likes to at least pretend that they know something about politics . 
  but you do n't really have to worry for your well being . 
  not at all . 
  it was n't even like the brexit thingy where i felt some sort of connection to the british people and especially the remainer felt more like `` my people '' than americans do now . 
  now the only thing that pops into my mind is `` you god damn idiots '' . 
  i was gloomy and sad for weeks after the brexit vote . 
  well actually , now that you 're not in the eu anymore we might at least be a bit closer and just drag you along with a soft brexit . 
  if shit hits the fan , sure . 
  i 'd take latinos just cause , though . 
  we have way too little latin american restaurants . 
  it 's would be a verb of state so it uses \u00eatre . 
  yes . 
  google the etymology . 
  it 's from german imported to english in the 20th century . 
  i 've got a few . 
  * irish does some weird shit with its consonants . 
  depending on the closest vowel , the pronunciation of the consonants change ( called `` slender '' and `` broad '' ) . 
  * korean writing is actually not as straight forward as the internet makes people believe . 
  it 's more straight forward than english but that 's not hard . 
  it 's still somewhat of a mess compared to german * speaking german is like cheating for germanic languages . 
  took me a day to just hear in which verb category a verb is in norwegian because everything else just sounded off . 
  * standard hebrew pronunciation is very close to german because most people that standardised modern hebrew were ashkenazi jews that spoke yiddish . 
  * all native words of hebrew and arabic are a combination of 3 , sometimes 4 , consonants and the vowels between the consonants `` conjugate '' the word . 
  * navajo verbs give me nightmares . 
  they have `` slots '' that you fill with certain infixes to create an actual verb that means something . 
  the verb can be so complicated that nouns are sometimes defined rather loosely . 
  you can say `` give me the tobacco '' and specify with the verb if you mean loose tobacco , cigarettes or whatever . 
  * basque is a language isolate . 
  nobody knows anything about it except that there used to be a significantly different version of basque but nobody knows where basque comes from , what languages are related to basque or something like that . 
  * celtic languages are special in a european context because they put the verb first in the sentence . 
  that is pretty rare in general . 
  * ancient greek has such a fucked up sentence structure that you 'd be lost as fuck if you tried to read an actual ancient greek text if you only learnt it in school . 
  * there are no untranslatable words . 
  every language can express everything . 
  you might need a couple of words more for something that is a very simple word in another language but nothing is actually `` lost in translation '' . 
  the translation would simply be inaccurate . 
  * you ca n't build a sentence in korean or japanese without making some statement about the social situation you 're in . 
  there is no neutral way to say anything . 
  politeness is relevant to the conjugation of the verb . 
  * in japanese , that goes as far as replacing swear words . 
  there are just rude words for ass and tits that you might not want to use and there 's a word for idiot but apart from that , `` please stop that '' can be translated to mean anything from `` if you do n't stop doing that i 'll break you in half '' to `` would you mind not doing that , please ? '', 
  without actually using any word that is 100 % a swear word and has no other meaning . 
  * nobody knows how ancient egyptian was pronounced . 
  the writing system works similarly to arabic where you only write consonants and that 's why we do n't know anything about vowels in ancient egyptian . 
  the god `` ra '' might as well be called `` ri '' or `` ru '' . 
  we just do n't know . 
  it 's just that the coptic letter that seems to be based on the hieroglyph for sun is called `` ra '' . 
  * monolingual cantonese speakers in hong kong actually do n't read cantonese . 
  they read mandarin but would pronounce it like a cantonese speaker would pronounce it even though they could n't understand a word of mandarin . 
  because chinese languages are very isolating ( meaning that they use single words instead of conjugations or something ) and use a writing system that first and foremost encode meaning and not sound , this works quite well . 
  there 's also a way to write other chinese languages but only cantonese has a big writing tradition and it 's only used in hong kong in ads and maybe in a quote in a newspaper if you want to be sure that subtle things do n't get lost in `` translation '' . 
  cantonese grammar is also a bit more flexible which is why it does n't sound as off as it does the other way around if you read mandarin like it 's cantonese . 
  * european languages have an incredibly complex phonology . 
  every wondered why asians put random vowels between syllables when using an english word without actually knowing english ? 
  it 's because our syllables are also incredibly complicated . 
  that 's why a french speaker might use a few different sounds when saying `` week-end '' but in other languages , loan words are sometimes unrecognisable simply because the languages lack the ability to fit the word into their own phonology of phonotactics . 
  those people are not simply lazy , that 's just the best job they can do with their limited phonology and phonotactics . 
  i probably have some more . 
  i can go into detail about the korean writing system if you want . 
  it 's actually quite fascinating how screwed the perspective of some english speakers is . 
  also , france has territory in every time zone as well . 
  so , technically , the sun also never sets on france . 
  not really surrender jokes , though . 
  it 's just that we fucked them thrice in recent history . 
  i 'd say france is still respected , though . 
  money boy !, 
  austria 's greatest musical export . 
  you 're on some list now , mate ... 
  more like cousin if you 're from nrw or something like that . 
  the dutch feel more `` siblingy '' than the austrians if you ignore the language . 
  there are no sharia zones in western europe . 
  those ghettos in paris ' suburbs existed before shit went down with the islamists . 
  wow . 
  there are no other games . 
  but i 'm probably going to pick up civ 6 soon . 
  also , i might quit wow and go back to ffxiv . 
  not sure . 
  that looks like i need that in my life : o what is it ? 
  i need a recipe ? 
  but the other dude said schlagrahm :(, 
  `` let 's build a new wall ... '', 
  petry heil !, 
  fuck religion . 
  the c in cdu and csu is already annoying even though it 's mostly irrelevant . 
  only a little though !, 
  and the bavarians love you guys more than they care about the rest of us ... 
  what the fuck do you call sahne ? 
  so did germany :d we just do n't replace old toilets that still work . 
  i had to pay an 800 $ ipad cash because the store did n't take cards . 
  the problem is that germans are afraid of debt . 
  a credit card is fundamentally weird to older germans . 
  i 'd you pay with your ec card , the money is gone right away . 
  you ca n't just collect debt . 
  that 's the general thought process . 
  so do the germans ... maybe it 's a fascism thing ...
