  funny thing is , americans that learnt some german after they 've been there for the first time are mostly positively surprised . 
  oops ... 
  did n't thought about the weather talk you brits like so much . 
  such a conversation would probably be like this we me : stranger : `` the weather is shit again , is n't it ? 
  have n't seen the sun for a week ... '' then i 'd look at the sky and say `` yep '' and would n't know how to continue . 
  1st : you brought chavs into the argument , not me . 
  2nd : i did say `` especially in the south '' and not `` exclusively in the south ''  the normal , standardized american accent is eminently understandable and well enunciated . 
  do you speak more than one language ? 
  i just assume you 're american because you get so defensive but it 's obvious that you would n't have problems with american dialects . 
  it 's a fact that most american accents are rhotic . 
  standard high german is not which is why most germans sound like idiots if they try to fake an american accent because it just does n't sound right ( that has nothing to do with american english . 
  it 's the inability to pronounce a rhotic r of most germans ) . 
  apart from that , there 's also the lazy vowel thing . 
  vowels in german are mostly pronounced the same way . 
  if you pronounce the vowels in the correct german way in the order a-e-i-o-u , your mouth goes from wide open to almost closed . 
  and every word that is not a loan word is pronounced that way . 
  now , try to pronounce a word with a lot of vowels ( fortunately , opportunity , ability and so on ) the way you 'd pronounce it in a normal sentences . 
  you should notice that the vowels are not as distinct as they are in german . 
  also , any kind of rhotic r in such words is basically covering the other letters because it 's so unusual for german . 
  so those are two things that do n't exist in german . 
  how am i supposed to understand that as well as a dialect that has none or only 1 of those things ? 
  my mother 's english is pretty bad . 
  if she hears somebody from the uk on the tv , she can understand most of it ( it 's too fast some times ) . 
  if it 's an american , she describes it as mumbling . 
  so did all my teachers and everybody else i talked to about that . 
  it just sounds like mumbling because of the unclear vowel pronunciation and the rhotic thing . 
  it was to categorise the students into the proper courses . 
  english classes in germany are not consistent in their quality and we 've got a lot of foreign students from africa or asia who barely made it into a1 . 
  so now i 'm stuck in a2 and have to deal with a teacher who talks to me like i 'm a retard ( it 's so funny if she says most words once in ae and then in be because you ca n't expect that a2 students know both . 
  so confusing ... ) and slow as fuck ... 
  if she does n't hurry up with the difficulty , i 'm gon na flip tables . 
  i ca n't stand more of those fill the gap !, 
  mike ... ... ... ( not/drive ) the car right now . 
  exercises ... 
  the answer would be `` mike is n't driving the car right now '' , by the way ... good job , asyx !, 
  good job !, 
  but it 's only 9 weeks left ... 
  southern europe . 
  small talk is not that much of a thing in the north . 
  keep in mind that the swiss and austrian dialect can be very different from the german dialect . 
  i 'm a native german and ca n't understand swiss german and the austrian dialects sounds weird which might be a big problem for a non-native ( i think we had a similar post about that a while ago in / r/europe ) . 
  according to my university , my english is a2 ... 
  i do n't know how that 's supposed to work out since nobody ever complained about my english ( quite the opposite , actually ) and i have no problems whatsoever with reading , writing , listening , speaking ( it 's a bit weird sometimes because i do n't have many opportunities to speak english but after a few minutes , it works quite well . 
  like my brain needs some time to switch from german to english ) . 
  i feel like they just wanted to get their courses full ... 
  what languages do you speak ? 
  only english ? 
  good luck . 
  language plays a big role in the feeling of a city . 
  there 're probably some cities in the uk that could satisfy you but i ca n't say much about the uk . 
  i 've also no idea what you actually want . 
  what is `` free spirit and upbeat , relaxed personality '' in a city ? 
  i 've been in nl multiple times ( without speaking dutch ) as well as paris ( without speaking french ) and it was pretty much as i 've expected it to be . 
  i expected paris to be the big , noisy city and i got a big noisy city . 
  have you tried to talk to people ? 
  hell ... talking to people is not even required . 
  i gave a homeless dude next to my hotel 5 $ because i felt bad for him that he sad next to that expensive hotel in the street and i got a `` bonjour '' and a hat tip every day i got out of the hotel . 
  i felt very comfortable in paris . 
  i was only in small cities in nl and it was also how i 've expected it . 
  it was a mixture out of village and city ( i think `` town '' would be fitting but german only has one word for city and town so i want to make sure you know what i mean ) . 
  we got frikandeln and chips with onion from some dirty little shop and that dude was really nice and chatted a bit ( he spoke pretty decent german ) . 
  we watched football ( the world cup was on ) in a dutch pub and when we won the match , we got beer for free and everybody was cheering for us ( keep in mind that the biggest football rivalry in germany is with the dutch . 
  not the english ! ) . 
  the towns ( city , whatever ) looked really nice with small streets and some idiots the british would probably call `` chavs '' who though their little scooters were the shit . 
  oh ... we also smoked weed with some dude on his little boat who put on some paul kalkbrenner . 
  not like i expected it ( football is serious business after all ) but it was a nice surprise . 
  so what exactly do you mean ? 
  do you want a mixture of relaxed atmosphere and city feeling ? 
  take a look at most bigger german cities . 
  you 'll most likely find big parks where people have a bbq or just relax in the sun in the centre of the city . 
  i know d\u00fcsseldorf has one of those parks , munich does , berlin does and cologne , hamburg , bremen , frankfurt and most other cities do as well , i suppose . 
  try to find the country with the culture you 'd feel most comfortable in . 
  do n't you dare answering me with `` american-ish culture '' because i 've got no idea what that actually means except rednecks and crazy cults . 
  you ca n't compare a farmer 's accent with a standardised accent . 
  i 'm talking about normal , regional accents . 
  not really . 
  old high german was spoken after 500 ad and old dutch after 450 ad and then the steps to modern high german and modern dutch are almost the same . 
  but german has n't changed much . 
  that 's what i mean with conservative . 
  the grammar of old german is not much different than the grammar of modern german . 
  dutch changed a bit more than german over the centuries . 
  still not nearly as much as english , obviously . 
  most of them ( especially in the south ) . 
  i do n't know if that 's a common phrase in english speaking countries but my teacher called it `` lazy vowels '' . 
  germans ( and most of the brits / irish from my experience ) pronounce vowels a lot clearer and a lot more distinct . 
  that 's why a lot of germans have problems with words like `` unfortunately '' or `` immediately '' because in german , the vowels would be pronounced a lot clearer than americans do . 
  it 's almost impossible for me to get the spelling of such a word through the pronunciation of an american . 
  i have a lot less problems if an irishman or a brit pronounced those words . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzrrkhu248a that 's a video about the marking of exams . 
  not really related but the video about the actual counting is right after that . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wm1ffhawj9w that 's the proper video . 
  same in germany with the exclusion of eu citizenships . 
  it is logical . 
  also , next to efficiency , we also love our language because that as the only thing that we had in common for a very long time . 
  you got from the more complicated and conservative language down to the more modern language . 
  that 's obviously easier to learn . 
  but the other way around might be quite challenging . 
  wrong !, 
  the neutral american accent is just rhotic . 
  there is more to an accent than being rhotic .
