  that would n't work in germany , for example . 
  so maybe marriage just does n't give you as much rights about the business of your partner so there might be in general not much need to marry . 
  or in most other countries , to be honest . 
  i thought you were writing swiss german in your other post so do n't pretend danish looks any better :d you know your language is weird if somebody mistakes it for swiss german . 
  still better than `` i was in paris once for a week and one frenchy was mean to me '', 
  it 's probably more a question about how people educated . 
  you get your face pushed into kz pictures for a year or so in germany . 
  `` you see what we did you little shit ? 
  you see that ? 
  do you want that to happen again ? 
  do you ? 
  you better behave ... '' that kind of changes your perspective of things . 
  or they 're just not as bad as people think they 're . 
  well , there is a reason why most medical related words in japanese are german loan words . 
  also , most of the stuff japan 's good at is recent stuff like robots , cars and video games . 
  so that 's all stuff that came after people were better at building earth quake save buildings . 
  and almost no animals that can kill you if you take europe as a whole . 
  i think the most dangerous thing you can find where i live is currently napping on my bed . 
  says the austrian : /, 
  well , you do n't have a genitive case in danish so i suppose something fancy like `` wochenende '' ( the end of the week ) does n't really work in danish :(, 
  why do n't you have a word for weekend ? 
  there are a lot of anglicisms but it 's still not `` proper '' to use them in a serious context in germany ( that might be different in switzerland and austria . 
  in germany , expressing yourself as complicated as possible equals knowing what you 're talking about ) . 
  but i guess you still have fancy words you 'd use in a more serious context , right ? 
  not where i live . 
  no second chances for becoming german !, 
  i just pulled something out of my arse not everybody might do . 
  i do n't know why the swedes do n't even beat the 50 % mark . 
  trash ! = trash . 
  in germany , you separate every glass colour ( green , brown , white and i think blue ? ), 
  so if sweden does n't do that , it 's already a huge chunk that would not be recycled properly . 
  and amsterdam shall be our capital . 
  hookers and weed !, 
  germany beat everybody except austria . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about that . 
  we 've got a lot of italians in one district here in d\u00fcsseldorf and every time i walk through that district , i 'm afraid of getting hit in the face by chatting italians on the pavement :(, 
  do n't the french just use `` email '' but the quebecois use `` courriel '' ? 
  bavaria ca n't leave . 
  to be fair , every language lerning book teaches you more than 1000 words . 
  so it does n't really matter . 
  30 % actually . 
  and 30 % are from latin . 
  only 16 % are germanic words in the english language . 
  english is still a germanic language , though , because the grammar is pretty much germanic . 
  to show off . 
  `` look !, 
  it 's that cold and he 's still that big ! '', 
  that dynasty switch sounds quite funny , actually , but i 'd be happy to keep an empire stable for 100 years :(, 
  yep . 
  i thought about reading those massive tutorials but the video tutorials i 've seen probably cover enough to find everything out on my own so i 'll probably try to find everything out on my own . 
  are n't there mods that can make the game more challenging or are you at some point so powerful that there is no way to get beaten and world domination is just a matter of time ? 
  but eu4 is coming so it 's not like there is n't something new to play from paradox :d, 
  i played something like 30 hours but have no idea what i am doing . 
  any time i wanted to unite the empire of scandinavia , i died and my children ( i only have concubines with lustful trait ... come on ... 
  i do n't want to have a boring old woman as a concubine ... 
  if they turn 25 they get replaced ) all thought they were n't really happy about how gavelkind turned out for them so they all founded factions i ca n't really do shit against because everybody hates me because of the multiplier the norse get on short reign penalty and then i 'm a count all of a sudden :( maybe i try denmark next . 
  at least i can get the holy sites in braunschweig and holland a lot easier and might be able to unify the norse faith before my brothers want to slip my throat in my sleep : /, 
  but ... 
  it 's july :(, 
  do n't forget to use the subjugation casus belli so you get all the land and take the swedish queen and princess and concubines and sacrifice the king at the great blot after queen and princess are pregnant to piss him off royally before he hangs !, 
  and then you go raiding norway because why the fuck not !, 
  woah ... sorry ... played a bit much crusader kings 2 in the last days ... 
  i saw this man on german tv who was giving a small interview and told the reporter that the first thing he saw when he tried to help the people in that train was his daughter and he did n't know she was travelling by train . 
  she survived , though , but i guess it could really have been everybody who was travelling in the region at the moment . 
  at the moment , the only day i 'd protest anything would be monday ( 23 \u00b0 c and rain in d\u00fcsseldorf ) ... 
  because my flair represents me as a person the best . 
  i 've got more in common with the dutch or french than with the bavarians so a germany flair does n't make much sense but i 've even less in common with the poles , greeks , romanians and so on so i feel like a europe flair would n't work as well . 
   we do n't speak the same language dialects in the north are closer to dutch than they are to high german ( plattdeutsch ) . 
  frisian is it 's own language . 
  language is never a matter of intelligence . 
  you just have to find your personal best way to learn a language and then put some effort into it but you do n't need to be a particular intelligent person to learn the language . 
  i 'd say half of the people i went to secondary school with ca n't write a straight english sentence . 
  that 's probably a word from the north because i 've got no idea what it means . 
  i mean , schleswig-holstein has a bunch of danish people and i think on the other side of the border , there are a bunch of germans so in a country of the size of denmark , such regional words spread easier than they do in germany . 
  especially since there 's nothing worth mentioning between hamburg and the danish border : /, 
  oh : / i should stop making assumption based on a german word . 
  stuff like `` flinke finger '' means that you 're skilled and fast with your fingers and you can also use `` flott '' which means basically the same but flott can also mean sexy or pretty . 
  yeah i knew that danish bit but as far as i remember , the icelanders basically turned back time a few centuries and write like they did 1000 years ago but do n't pronounce stuff like they used to ( because you ca n't change how people speak ) . 
  i also knew the diversion in norway with the dialects and that bergen does only use 2 genders and stuff like that but it 's always good to know to hear that stuff from people that know a bit about the language because i 've seen books that claimed that bokm\u00e5l only uses 2 genders and completely ignored the feminine gender which made me sad . 
  i could n't find a translation for flink or m\u00e5 but i guess `` flink '' is something like hot or sexy but literally something like `` swift '' ? 
  :d icelandic has indeed kept 4 cases like german . 
  the instrumental case seems to be died out completely in germanic languages after it was gone in old english . 
  i 'll most certainly take a look at the music . 
  i have to find something norwegian as well but there was once a thread here in / r/europe and i 'm sure / r/norsk can provide me with something easy for beginners . 
  thanks a lot . 
  edit : the german was off . 
  and a bunch of very interesting literature with all that old norse stuff you can read which is particularly interesting to me ( let 's be honest , you guys all speak english . 
  i need other reasons to learn a language than communication with the natives ) . 
  fuck me i need a better dictionary . 
  except the last sentence . 
  i 'm kind of lost on that one . 
  but does norwegian actually help ? 
  is n't icelandic that conservative that it has n't got much to do with modern icelandic any more ? 
  i figured that nynorsk might help ( getting back to the west scandinavian roots and away from the dirty danish / east scandinavian influences and all that ) but i do n't know if it 's worth the trouble since it seems like almost everything is in bokm\u00e5l and i do n't know if it 's that beneficial to get used to nynorsk just for icelandic where i could learn the proper spelling without getting confused with nynorsk . 
  i 'm forcing myself to learn all 3 genders anyway even though it 's not necessary in bokm\u00e5l . 
  so if icelandic and norwegian genders overlap , nynorsk might not help me much with that one since i 'm already using 3 genders in bokm\u00e5l ( or are they different ? ) . 
  and now you probably thing `` how the hell should i know that ? 
  i 'm danish , go away ! '', 
  well , loving a language does not mean i speak it and google translate is butchering icelandic even worse than german :( but i 'll learn it as soon as i 've made some progress with norwegian . 
  i like the complex grammar and the fancy letters !,
