  especially if you get away from the coast , low german is basically non-existent even though the low german region covers everything from the coast to d\u00fcsseldorf ( a bit north of cologne ) . 
  shooting club covers everything , though . 
  i was in a traditional shooting club ( sch\u00fctzenferein ) where you shoot once a week with an air gun ( do n't know the real english names . 
  the projectiles look like this from the side  | ) and once a year with 6mm bollocks ammunition that is pretty weak compared to the hunting stuff . 
  you do n't really need a licence . 
  membership allows you to use the club owned weapons . 
  it 's also mostly about drinking so the once a year stuff means that every weapon is locked into some metal construction that does n't allow you to take it off but you can still aim properly . 
  there are shooting clubs that offer 100s of shooting sports . 
  pretty much every weapon is used in at least one shooting sport which allows you to own every weapon except fully automatic ones . 
  there 's everything from what you 'd see in the olympics to tactical shooting which looks like the police training in films to sniper rifles . 
  so everybody who says we 've got tough gun laws is lying . 
  you can get everything . 
  you just need to be a member of a shooting club . 
  coffee and cigarettes . 
  we do n't love to work in germany . 
  we are just efficient about it . 
  8h/day 5 days a week you give everything that 's necessary for your job . 
  but that 's it . 
  people enjoy their time off . 
  people enjoy their paid holiday . 
  we just like to do work properly but not constantly . 
  we do n't drink beer out of giant glass mugs . 
  in fact , most beer glasses are 200 ml and differently shaped depending on the beer . 
  a beer or a pilsener is a bit round at the bottom and gets narrower at the top . 
  a bit like a red wine glass . 
  k\u00f6lsch is in a long , thin glass . 
  alt has the same shape as k\u00f6lsch just not as long and thin but still 200ml . 
  like how they took a different voice actor for johnny depp in pirates of the caribbean and now , everybody gets really confused if he sounds different ( because they usually take the proper voice actor now ) . 
  sometimes , i find the german voices more fitting , though . 
  aragorn in lord of the rings has a much better , deeper , more kingly voice in the dub than in the original . 
  yep . 
  the crazy couple that shouts at the french clerk because he is n't accepting usd and that are saying `` you should be kissing our feet for saving you from the germans ! '', 
  are just more obvious than the normal american who 's just standing there dying of shame in those situations . 
  the language is the biggest problem . 
  if you stay in the schengen area , you do n't really have a problem with anything else . 
  i do n't have a licence but i think changing traffic laws might be a problem as well . 
  or different traffic situation in general as well as different driving culture . 
  i 'm talking about languages like irish , welsh , basque , breton , low german ( platt ) and so on . 
  languages that have some kind of official status but are not spoken by everybody and are more of a regional thing ( be it because of some kind of national unification or oppression from other nations ) . 
  how commonly spoken is it , what do people think about the language , how accepted is the language , how do you feel about foreigners learning the language ( targeted at speakers of said language ) , how much `` stuff '' ( literature , films , tv programmes , radio programmes ) is available in said language , what changes would you like to see regarding official recognition , education or from the general public . 
  thanks . 
  i think everybody has seen the comments about how `` shitty cursive is '' . 
  i know that it 's pretty uncommon to write cursive in the us and canada but how about europe ? 
  that also includes scripts used in europe besides latin . 
  thanks . 
  sorry for the wrong wording . 
  i 've seen multiple times that immigrants are not being seen as `` germans '' when they lived in germany for a long time or not seen as `` dutch '' if they lived in the netherlands for a long time . 
  so , when would you see an immigrants as `` dutch '' , `` german '' , wherever you 're from ? 
  personally , i do n't really care about something like `` being german '' . 
  in my opinion , if you speak the language and like to live here for the rest of your life ( or a long time ) , you 're as german as i am . 
  language was what connected the german people for a very long time and i do n't see a reason to change that . 
  for me , the culture somebody grew up in is much more important . 
  so , i 'd see people as `` wherever they 're from '' first and then as germans . 
  that also counts for other germans . 
  bavarian first , then german . 
  berliner first , then german . 
  ruhrpott first , then german . 
  being german is just a very swampy description but the culture one grew up in defined the character of a person . 
  yesterday , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fl9rmvtmp0 ) has been posted in / r/videos and i 'm not sure if that 's a thing in germany or europe in general . 
  i feel that it is n't especially considering that i remember very small children running around naked at the beach ( not sure if they still do that but i remember as a child that there was a little boy , smiling at me and then taking a massive shit right at the shore ... ) and who thinks like that and still lets their child run around naked ? 
  but i 'd like to know if this sort of `` tumblr irl '' way of thinking is actually something you encounter in europe . 
  this thread with ad block and empty cache is 1.2 mb . 
  with cache , it 's 80 kb . 
  a worst deal for the uk is a better deal for the eu . 
  if scotland gets independence and comes out on top of all that mess as an eu member , the message to other countries will be even stronger . 
  fast tracking the scottish membership is worth the effort just for ideological reasons . 
  who is going to complain ? 
  that 's the point . 
  other potential eu members ? 
  just tell them that scotland was de facto already an eu member and you 're just keeping the status quo alive . 
  it 's easy . 
  fun fact : kafir is the root for the south african racial slur for black people . 
  do n't ever make the mistake and use any of the slang outside of reddit . 
  i remember some dude who told his german boss that something was `` feucht '' . 
  best thread ever . 
  close . 
  i mean balkan sorry !, 
  i have the flu :(, 
  the rp article says `` 36 years old man from wuppertal '' . 
  with 36 , he might as well have been a refugee from from the yugoslavia war . 
  i mean , we still call balkan restaurants `` yugos '' here because a good amount of the ( at least original ) owners were from what used to be yugoslavia . 
  yes ... 
  except in one weird district where they say ia ( the noise a donkey makes ) ... 
  i wish i was joking ... 
  well , it 's like brotherly rivalry . 
  i had to work on thursday and literally dodged a vomitting girl in the u75 . 
  so it 's the exact opposite of the musicians situation . 
  in d\u00fcsseldorf , the carnival clubs are trying to push the musicians down . 
  that 's why you have bands from cologne playing in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  that 's the point . 
  the reason why carnival comedians ( sometimes ) dress up as clowns but instead of doing clown things just talk about politics is simply because our politicians are so dumb that a clown can just talk about the state of the current political landscape and people laugh . 
  those floats are the same thing . 
  it 's an exaggeration of the fact amongst floats that are just supposed to be fun . 
  china 's religious landscape is absolutely gutted because of the cultural revolution . 
  generally , people prey ( or pray ? 
  ca n't remember which one is which ... ) because they want something . 
  like , you go to a shrine if you want money or good grades or whatever . 
  but in other east asian countries , shrines are actually taken care of and the religions actually have an active community . 
  if you want to see traditional china , you have to go to taiwan . 
  almost .
