  enjoy !, 
  do you know which dialect you find like yelling ? 
  because there 's a big difference between the accents . 
  north germans never sound like yelling . 
  it 's a very smooth dialect while bavarians are always ... well ... 
  i think yelling comes close . 
  are you talking about mexican spanish or european spanish ? 
  as far as i know , the spaniards have that little lisp in it and the mexican pronunciation is a lot cleaner . 
  please correct me if that 's wrong . 
  \u00df is the best letter ever !, 
  it 's this magical thing between pronunciation and spelling . 
  the letter is basically like `` ss '' but the surrounding letters are pronounced differently when you use '' \u00df '' instead of `` ss '' . 
  example : fu\u00dfball = the u is stretched and very smooth . 
  fuuuuuuuu\u00dfball ( means football ) fluss = the u is very short and very hard . 
  ( means river ) . 
  swiss german can be a lot of things but dutch is a long shot ... 
  i can at least understand 2 or 3 words if somebody speaks dutch but swiss german ? 
  never ... 
  well , the left extremists are not innocent , though . 
  i think we all remember the petrol bombs in berlin a few years ago . 
  i do n't know if the left extremists are just not as good as the neo-nazis in electrical engineering or if the neo-nazis are actually a lot more violent because 3 successful petrol bomb attacks might even the number out . 
  but those are just speculations . 
  does that mean i can be pissed off because the americans are selling sausages in a fast food restaurant called `` wiener schnitzel '' ? 
  i think the french would rather start a third world war before they let their language die . 
  we hate all the extremists !, 
  well , 20 years is not a long time but even if you spread it out to the beginning of the raf , the neo-nazi murderers are at least twice as high maybe even three times or higher . 
  maybe . 
  i know that minimum wage in germany is sometimes negotiated between a union and the company . 
  no minimum wage regulated by law in those countries . 
  and mostly indian . 
  i think you can argue that iraq is still pretty close if you include turkey but india is a long shot . 
  i might not like mrs grumpy face but i kind of hope that , like with acta , the last bit of privacy one 's got in germany will be protected and as far as i know every member of the eu has to agree to changes , right ? 
  i think 112 was very common around europe . 
  police only is quite different , though ( 110 in germany in case you have forgotten :d ), 
  seriously ? 
  the nazis rolled through poland in 18 days without deceleration of war and then the russians came as well . 
  as a nation , poland was basically sandwiched . 
  it 's flat and always in the way . 
  the waiter could feel offended because he or she thinks that you think that he or she needs the money . 
  they 'd feel like beggars . 
  i think that fits every asian country , though . 
  what is english food ? 
  i only know beans for breakfast which sounds disgusting as well as fish and chips which would n't be so bad if there would n't be vinegar on it . 
  to be honest , most of the time i only hear `` there are some nice indian restaurants in the uk '' and that 's it . 
  or australia or new zealand or every other country that uses dollars and there are quite a few of them . 
  is n't there something like a service fee in italy ? 
  i remember when i was on a school trip in italy and every restaurant we 've been to had '' < something in italian  2 $ '' written at the bottom of the menu . 
  that 's actually not true as far as i know . 
  there are very low minimum wages for waiters but if they do n't reach the minimum wage for everybody else including the tips , the employer has to pay what 's left to minimum wage . 
   thumbs up to the german integrations courses for immigrants . 
  very very helpful . 
  if more people would use them :(, 
  quite a queer statement if you ask me . 
  edit : i hope i 'm not misunderstanding anything and we 're actually using funny words that today mean something gay related and were common words in the past . 
  damn east-frisians , i say !, 
  do n't do that . 
  google translate ignores cases and genders which means that any information hidden behind cases or genders are just gone . 
  it might be better if you translate the whole article at once but even then i 've seen terrible stuff with a complete different meaning than the german original . 
  i 've got google set to english and use chrome on english because as a programmer , everything you might need to google is shit if you look in german but google is still trying to apply that english search phrase to german results and since keywords do n't get translated in computer science , you always get german websites then . 
  so if i look for something else , i always see the english wikipedia article first and it 's kind of sad how small they are compared to the german one . 
  and then you look the other way around and the german article about the usa is actually longer than the english one . 
  maybe that will change if duolingo is actually working out as the developers intend it to . 
  it 's especially sad because so much stuff happened in german cities in ww2 that might be interesting . 
  resistance groups and such things . 
  there was a resistance group in germany who managed to stop the americans from destroying my home city completely ( it was basically 94 % destroyed ) 3 minutes before they were going to fire the rockets . 
  and , also at my home city . 
  the germanic peoples and the romans had a 150 years long conflict at the shores of the rhine which you 'll never find in any english article that 's easy to find . 
  there 's some very interesting history that is just not important enough to be translated . 
  i 'm pretty sure somebody who studied history was just bored and wrote that into the wikipedia article and that 's why it 's even there in the first place . 
  well , it 's 1 am and i do n't feel like reading the whole constitution . 
  also , i ca n't find proper translations ( probably the first time i 've found a wikipedia article that is available in german , french , polish , spanish and so on but not in english ) . 
  german states have some stuff they can decide for themselves like education and stuff like that . 
  like in the us , it ca n't override federal law . 
  i think that also includes taxes . 
  it might actually be the same as in the us except the gun thing but do n't quote me on that . 
  wikipedia says that german states are derivative legal entities but have original authority ^ 1 . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm right , but i interpret that as german states can do the same stuff as a country but the federal government has to agree . 
  there is the bavarian-austrian salt treaty of 1829 which allows bavarian foresters to get wood from austria to heat some houses . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavarian-austrian_salt_treaty ) the wikipedia article . 
  it 's just too much stuff i do n't know about with too much `` hur hur we 're germans we have to sound clever so we use weird words for easy stuff you ca n't even translate to english '' - bollocks . 
  with a bit of common knowledge , it 's mostly not a problem to fill the gaps . 
  but not this time . 
  that 's what it says on [ wikipedia ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_\\ ( deutschland \\ ) ) in german . 
  a lot of people think `` deutschland \u00fcber alles '' would mean that germany is better than everything else but it actually just means that the german unity should be more important than the regional identity which is the reason why it says 3 lines later `` von der maas bis an die memel , von der etsch bis an den belt '' but if we 'd sing about the land between the rivers maas and memel being german territory , we 'd make a lot of people very , very angry . 
  not entirely true . 
  i do n't know how the dukes ruled before ww2 or how much power they had ( never really cared . 
  school history is full of ww2 and there 's just no time for such things if there 's nazi politics to talk about ) . 
  but the german states were not necessarily the old dukedoms . 
  some got combined to one ( baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  the dash is there for a reason ) . 
  i also do n't know how much freedom every state has in comparison to the us . 
  it seems to be less than the us states but then again , i did n't care much and you 'll never get a proper description of how independent the us states are from an american . 
  i 'll google it and then edit the post if nobody has replied . 
  it 's like asking why portugal and spain are not one single country . 
  every little shitty kingdom in today 's germany had his own ruler with his own power , people , taxing system , enemies , allies and so on . 
  like yxhuvud said , the emperor of the hre was n't that powerful so there was no feeling of unity ( at least not for the kings or dukes or whatever ) . 
  in fact , we still do n't like each other a lot . 
  especially if it 's a state that was built out of more than one kingdom or old state before ww2 . 
  baden and w\u00fcrttemberg or the franks and bavarians the ex-gdr and fdr are still picking on each other . 
  try to order a d\u00fcsseldorfer altbier in a pub in cologne and you 'll get a lot of angry looks ( the same vice versa ) .
