  fear !, 
  is n't that the same with elk and moose ? 
  what we call elks is actually a moose in the us . 
  there is all night public transport . 
  where do you live ? 
  i do n't know about the shopping hours . 
  i would n't want to work that long so i guess it 's a bit mean to demand that from people that work in shops . 
  i mean , you could say the same for public transport but if i need something after 8 or 10 pm , i might as well buy it the next day . 
  i ca n't just wait for the bus at 6 am if i need to get home at 2 am . 
  only * - chen * and * - lein *, 
   double ll is pronounced something like tl , with a flattened tongue and a click . 
  as if that was the hardest part ... 
  you , sir , have an excellent taste !, 
  i hope it hurts . 
  more like csu ( cdu but crazy bavarians that are even worse ) and the reps are ... well ... somewhere right of that . 
   the right-extremist fp\u00d6 will receive 19-20 % what ? 
  extremist parties already do most of the talking on the streets . 
  that 's the difference between a party and an extremist , criminal organisation . 
  actually , it does n't in germany . 
  you do not lose your right to vote in jail even if you are in jail for murder . 
  you can lose it for stuff like high treason or manipulation of military machinery or something like that . 
  you only use your right to get elected if you are in jail for over a year for a felony . 
  how many extreme religious people are there actually in poland ( from your experience . 
  i 'm sure there are statistics but i 'd like to hear the opinion of a local ) ? 
  i know a few immigrants from poland or their children and stuff like `` i 'd kill myself if my child were homosexual '' are not uncommon . 
  one polish dude i go to uni with likes to rant about other religions ( he 's catholic ) and how they 're all heathens and will end in hell and are all wrong and same sex marriage is all the devil 's work and stuff like that . 
  living in a part of germany where faith is pretty much something you keep to yourself and where religious rules are more `` suggestions which are open to personal interpretations '' , that was quite shocking . 
  but i just do n't know if that , in relation , tiny group of immigrants represents the mindset of the polish accurately . 
  the traditional sciences are out of question . 
  ee is also a part of that . 
  i could see how somebody might think cs has n't got german words because most people get into it through programming through the internet where people mostly learnt and used the english terms and also use them more often but that does n't mean that there is n't a german word for it . 
  at my university , we always use the german terms but the english terms are given as well since documentations or ( which might be more useful for students ) tutorials are often only available in english . 
  but obviously , if you write a scientific paper , you either write completely in english or completely in german . 
  you do n't start to talk about `` classes '' and `` interfaces '' in a german paper . 
  even if that 's not forbidden by the university policies , it 's still considered bad style . 
  especially in germany where it 's pretty much `` the more complicated , the better '' . 
  the french hated us 30 years ago but not anymore . 
  people can pretend that their system actually works . 
  if you ca n't talk about cs in german , you 're a moron . 
  everything has a german translation . 
  just visit a university course . 
  and so is admitting it . 
  much better ring to it . 
  i got that sort of comments too often to know if it 's a joke or not : /, 
  since that comment is 4 hours old and i think he either gave up or found out : it means `` how you yell into a forest , it will echo out again '' . 
  it 's pretty easy to find out where people live if they write comments quite regularly . 
  i was there when it was basically a collection of stupid bullshit people said on reddit ( like really stupid . 
  mostly american related , but not always ) . 
  it became a big joke very quickly after that . 
  i think the post that did it for me was `` america pretends they are the inventor of the internet ! '', 
  and the post linked to a perfectly fine description of how the internet became a thing before cern pulled the www out of their arses . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  so i unsubscribed . 
  so like mario bart in germany who only uses stupid stories from his girlfriend and is therefore allowed to make stupid comments about girlfriends because everybody known it 's his thing . 
  i 've seen something quite shocking . 
  i think that was a video of american traffic and something funny was going on . 
  people were switching lane without blinking , people were overtaking on the right side , people were staying in the middle lane , people were doing all sorts of crap that would break a law in germany even if it 's just \u00a7 1 of the traffic laws . 
  and then the discussion was going on about how shitty some american seems to drive and i was asking how that is even legal to just ignore somebody blinking who want to switch lanes because the road switches from 3 to 2 lanes or something . 
  i was then talking about how in germany , where i live ( i said that in my post ) \u00a7 1 of the traffic laws basically says `` do n't drive like a cunt '' so those shit would be illegal . 
  i then got a lengthy post about how no such law exist anywhere and that i 'm an idiot . 
  i then translated \u00a7 1 and got as a response `` oh , i thought you 'd live in the us '' ... 
  i think it 's pretty much the vocal minority . 
  having played multiple mmos that had shared us/eu servers , if the guild/clan/kinship was mostly european with people that liked banter a lot , americans mostly did n't stayed very long . 
  especially in lotro where i 've played on a former eu server , it was kind of obvious that the us players were a bit sensitive . 
  but there are 100s or 1000s of american player on each server i have n't talked to . 
  it 's like american tourists . 
  the loud , white trainers wearing , sort of ignoring local culture and the rules of social behaviour american is just easier to spot than the american tourists who behaves appropriately and just sort of sticks because of that while you forget the ordinary american tourists after a few hours . 
  we should use gypsy for the evil roma and roma for the other ones . 
  it 's not like the eastern europeans that force people to prostitution , make bank with human trafficking , send children into big central and western european cities to steal and beg are not calling themselves gypsies . 
  and it 's also not like it 's better in the us . 
  a few months ago , there was another of those gypsy threads in a default subreddit and , like always , i made an effort to explain the difference between what people that actually experience the evil kind of roma understand as `` gypsies '' and the roma you 'll find in america ( who are apparently also called gypsies ) . 
  after the usual `` you ca n't just change the meaning of a word '' ( which is quite ironical coming from a native english speaker . 
  i 've got a queer feeling that this happened in the fast more often than people used faggots to heat their fireplaces ^ i 'm ^ really ^ uncreative ^ :( ) and `` still racist !, 
  '' , there was an american man who married a roma woman and he said she was in tears reading my post because she always got shit for her heritage in the us and i 'd be the first one that actually had some kind words for roma in general . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people that have a strong opinion against gypsies would n't even care about a roma living next to them if he or she is not terrorising the neighbourhood or makes most of his or her money from sending their children begging instead of sending them to school . 
  yes , it 's been used as such but the koran does not support it . 
  i did n't say that women do n't get oppressed by their islamic husbands . 
  but it has nothing to do with the islam as it was intended . 
  criticise the people and their oppressive culture and not the religion that is used as an excuse for such things . 
   skinny hairy untanned legs  looking sexy at first , that 's not really compatible . 
   latex cap on his head never seen that shit  risking to drown a pe teacher that 's doing swimming classes has a life guard education . 
  if you ca n't swim in swimming classes , you 'll learn to swim there . 
  that was never an issue when i went to school . 
  it 's not like most girls would n't dress in a way that you could n't check out their boobs and asses without being in swimming lessons . 
  people also go to the beach ( or whatever comes closest to where you live ) and if people actually had a problem , they just wore a proper swim suit instead of a bikini . 
  it actually is n't . 
  when islam was founded , what 's today known as saudi arabia was one big whore house . 
  the idea behind the head scarf was that women could clearly indicate that they are not interested in whoring themselves out . 
  the burka thing is a cultural thing that has nothing to do with islam . 
  all women next to muhamed in the koran were independent , strong women ( that sounds a lot like today 's crazy feminists but that 's probably the best description there is ) and it was their own decision to wear the head scarf . 
  most other books that are considered holy islamic books and suggest something different are not even considered that by a lot of islamic religious groups . 
  there are . 
  i know 2 people that have been on such schools . 
  i said linguistically and geographically . 
  i thought it was kind of obvious that french is excluded from southern europe if i 've already put it into the western europe category . 
  i 'm honestly not sure . 
  i 'd probably go for a linguistic and geographical splitting . 
  so , we cut belgium in half , put all the west germanic languages into central europe . 
  every country that speaks a north germanic language is northern europe . 
  also , finland is in there as well because it 's pretty much in the north and as much ice and death as sweden .
