  `` i was going '' means that there is a span in time where you were going somewhere . 
  in that span of time , other things could have happened . 
  as in `` i was going to my friend and then some polish dude jumped out of the bushes and threw an empty vodka bottle at me '' . 
  the navajo aspect system is just a lot bigger . 
  then there is animacy . 
  it 's like gender but with more categories . 
  it depends on how much the object is moving and agency . 
  humans are usually in the `` most animate '' category . 
  then you 've got stuff like children , then rivers , then lightning , then wind and then a stone or something . 
  i said earlier that they put more information in their verb . 
  in navajo , if you have a cigarette and a pack of cigarettes on a table and you wanted to ask somebody to give you one or the other , you 'd say `` give me the tobacco '' but specify what you want in the verb . 
  you 'd put a different affix in the slot for the classifier that either indicates a long , thing object ( the single cigarette ) or a small compact object ( the whole package ) . 
  navajo truly forces you to think about different things when you speak . 
  in fact , because it 's so different , it 's very popular for language construction to find inspiration because it 's virtually impossible to take a feature from navajo and accidentally make it look like a weird copy of english . 
  not slavic . 
  yeah americans usually take the international domains . 
  because the us were already heavily involved with the arpanet , they were also the first to just use the international domains making them de facto american . 
  at least the . com domain . 
  nobody really expects an american website if you have a . org or . net domain . 
  they might and they can but i 'm not surprised to see a german website behind a . net or . org domain but i would be surprised to see a german company go by . com as their main domain ( of course , redirecting . com to . de is fine ) . 
  but . eu is the domain master race anyway . 
  it 's optional . 
  you can get into a welsh immersion school . 
  it 's effective enough that there are people that do n't consider themselves english native speakers because , even though they have no `` foreign '' accent and can generally express themselves , they just do n't know the words for stuff you 'd learn in school . 
  i think the difference here is that the english do n't tell the welsh if they can or can not have stuff like full welsh education . 
  however , the spanish government likes to fuck the catalans about that matter a little . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  greece imports crude oil , refines it and sells it . 
  the whole point of inflating a currency is so that the goods of the country are more competitive . 
  that does n't work if you already spend 3 billion dollars more on you raw imports . 
  all it would do is making their raw materials more expensive . 
  since greece is exporting what it does n't need , they also ca n't just export more . 
  they also ca n't buy more because it 's too expensive . 
  inflation is not a logical solution to the problem . 
  we come to poland for cheap petrol , you come to germany for legal abortion . 
  win for both countries !, 
  and that 's why i 'm watching the bbc and not zdf or wherever the fuck it 's being broadcast . 
  man , if i could i 'd buy the bbc tv licence and drop the german gez nonsense immediately ... 
  but would they be as peaceful if there was n't one dominant culture ? 
  the spanish government is still trying to get the catalan to drop their independence stuff by trying to force them to offer education and spanish and stuff like that . 
  the french do n't give a shit about their native minorities either . 
  if they still exist , of course . 
  no union in europe at the moment has been founded by peaceful means . 
  somebody got fucked hard somewhere pretty much every single time . 
  but you ca n't say that the uk works quite well when everything but english culture is only a shadow of what it used to be . 
  would the uk be as peaceful as it is now if the celts were still the dominant culture on the island with their languages alive and well and everything ? 
  we do n't know . 
  nobody knows . 
  and you ca n't recreate the situation the uk is in right now without substantially weaken other cultures on the continent so there is neither a way nor a desire to resist integration . 
  only if it happens naturally . 
  like , we agree on certain policies , those policies are implemented all across the eu and we slowly grow together and figure out how we could federalise the eu . 
  the next step towards federation should always be an obvious one . 
  i do not want a bunch of politicians sitting together trying to find a way to unite europe . 
  i 'd rather wait 100 years for it to develop naturally . 
  also , can we stop using `` united states of europe '' ? 
  over my dead body do i want a copy of the american system . 
  the english have tried for a thousand years to remove scottish , cornish , welsh and irish culture from the islands . 
  i do n't think that the uk is a great example for a peaceful union . 
  so why did you delete your comment ? 
  nsfw warning : those are people that looks like islamists playing football with human heads . 
  if they do n't want your money , they do n't get your money . 
  be it either through ads or a subscription . 
  also , hola uses you as an end node . 
  there 's no such thing as a free vpn . 
  the servers need to come from somewhere . 
  well , the baltics and poland are in the eu . 
  not like they 'd be on their own should something happen . 
  * internet hug *, 
  polish the boots , jungs !, 
  the french get cocky again !, 
  out of the way , belgium !, 
  no time for detours . 
  already tried the white in the flag thing ... 
  russia would literally start ww3 if they marched into an eu or nato country . 
  the eu has similar system nato has . 
  attack one and everybody is in . 
  `` i 'm bad with languages so i do n't even try '' that 's basically it . 
  people failed their foreign language class in school and think they just `` ca n't do it '' and conveniently ignore that there are indeed countries where bilingualism or even multilingualism is the norm . 
  it 's stupid to not learn the language of the country you live in . 
  even if they all speak english . 
  people will always behave differently in their native language . 
  i can speak english very well ( i hope ... nobody complained yet ) and as somebody who 's been playing mmorpgs for 9 years now and was always active in voice chats and stuff like that , i notice with myself that i 'm very different when i speak english . 
  i 'm not as witty as i am in german . 
  it 's a lot harder to be funny . 
  it 's mentally exhausting to speak english all the time . 
  it takes an awful lot to get me to lose control of my speech ( for once because i speak english on a high level but also because i 'm a stutterer so i 'm always a bit careful since i can control the stuttering quite well ) but if i 'm so tired or exhausted that i fuck up english , german still works . 
  if you want to experience people and their personality how they actually are , you need to speak their native language . 
  and especially in europe as somebody who speaks an indo european language , there are no excuses . 
  i think you understand me wrong ( i just notice that my `` i 'm not a big fan of fat shaming but ... '' comment reads a lot like `` i 'm not racist but ... '' . 
  that was not my intention ) . 
  what i meant to say is that if you 're mentally and physically healthy ( as in : you 're not addicted , stuff like your thyroid does what it should etc. 
  you know , nothing is in theory in the way for you to lose weight ) then it is as easy as not eating as much . 
  of course , if you 're an addict than that does n't work . 
  then you 've got bigger problems than loosing weight . 
  you need to get your mental health in check . 
  what put me off ( and i was 127 kilo so those 15 kilo i lost do n't make me thin ) was that constant rambling about diets . 
  these people say this is the best way to loose weight , those people say that is the best way to lose weight and so on and so forth . 
  and then it seems to change every 2 weeks what people consider `` a healthy diet '' . 
  and then , of course , sports . 
  i 'd die in shame right where i stand if somebody would laugh at me whilst i carry my arse through a workout .
