  it 's already happened centuries ago ** and nobody fucking cares . 
  **  no reason to have a gendered language in the 21st century . 
  mr or mrs anglophone ca n't get their head around grammatical genders , i see . 
  oh , and everything the article quotes has been said by people getting paid to think about such things ( and quoted out of context by you ) . 
  the average german does n't care . 
  yes . 
  shifting . 
  but the only languages where it 's completely gone now are english and i think afrikaans at least if we talk about indo-european languages . 
  even the celtic languages ( which are basically welsh and irish these days ) still have genders as far as i know even though english ( the native or close to native language of every single welsh and irish speaker ) does n't . 
  so it would be logical to scrap them as well but nobody did ( and there were reforms at least for irish ) . 
  afrikaans is an exported language which was influenced by languages spoken in south africa including xhosa and zulu ( the ones with the clicks ) and english so afrikaans is in a quite special situation regarding shifts in grammar but i 'm not even sure if afrikaans got rid of the gender . 
  in english , gender got lost because of sound shifts . 
  cases and gender were just not marked in an obvious fashion any more . 
  considering that english is highly influenced by french and north germanic languages , the mess got even muddier . 
  today , a sound shift is even less likely . 
  languages are standardised for tv and stuff . 
  people are bitching about wrong pronunciation more than they are about politics . 
  people invested years of their lives learning to write properly and expressing themselves intelligently . 
  it takes you 2 seconds to look up how a word is pronounced . 
  people are used to the idea that they ca n't speak in their local dialect if they meet people from other regions . 
  to get rid of genders without people specifically regulating the language , which would start a shit storm if they actually changed grammar rules so drastically , you 'd need to change the habits of 100 million people ( that 's roughly the number of native german speakers , is n't it ? ), 
  and those might not even be their native dialect . 
  people in rural areas might need to use the standard dialect a few times per year in the touristy season so getting them to speak differently is fucking hard . 
  so a sound shift would n't even spread through the whole country . 
  it will not happen in german because it 's in such a normal state compared to where english was back then . 
  due to standardised spelling and standardised neutral dialects , something like what happened to english or other languages where genders collapsed is very unlikely . 
  in the same way , it 's very unlikely that norwegian , danish , swedish , spanish or whatever will go through major changes soon . 
  since i already mentioned norwegian , they 've got 2 major dialect groups . 
  one with 2 genders and guttural r and without retroflex consonants ( spoken in berg ) and one with 3 genders and thrilled r and with retroflex consonants ( spoken in oslo ) . 
  and they are a lot more forgiving in terms of dialects and accents then we are . 
  in fact , a lot of people recommend not learning norwegian because it will take so long to get used to the different dialects and other scandinavian languages might be a better option then especially because in those countries , people might be a bit more used to switching around their accent . 
  everything that might happen to german will happen to norwegian first . 
  also , keep in mind that norwegians do n't dub . 
  we dub everything . 
  even bloody doctor who . 
  so in case you want to bring up widespread english skills or something like that , the norwegians would be ahead of us on that matter as well . 
  also , bitching about gender is fucking pathetic . 
  yes , it 's hard and unusual for somebody that is n't used to that but why even bother learning a language if you ca n't accept different grammatical structures and functionality . 
  i 'm not telling you to get rid of the useless continuous tenses , do i ? 
  no we do n't . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  people in most of germany have no problems with gender . 
  since there is no regulation of the german language except for the orthography , there is no way to enforce it and it will therefore not happen . 
  it 's the same shit people say about the genitive . 
  `` hurp durp durp cases are dying out ! '', 
  no they fucking are n't . 
  there are over a 1000 years old documents written in old high german that use this weird construction with the dative case to replace the genitive and the usage of the genitive in literature went up over the last decades . 
  by complaining about it , we pretty much saved it . 
  and neither the genitive nor genders are going anywhere . 
  depends . 
  do you want to sound like a football hooligan or ghetto like the kidz with g-star t-shirts and cheap leather jacket ? 
  which i find quite weird . 
  i 'd have thought 2 genders instead of three would be something that would stick quite easily with danish as the written language for a few centuries . 
  m\u00e4dchen is neutral because of the * - chen * . 
  everything with * - chen * or * - lein * is neutral because diminutives are always neutral and * m\u00e4dchen * is the diminutive of * magd * ( maid ) which was * m\u00e4gdchen * at first and the * g * was dropped then . 
  but yeah ... it 's kind of hard getting used to the new gender . 
  at least i 'm familiar with the concept so it does n't bother me too much it 's just a matter of studying nouns with gender from the beginning . 
  but i 'm currently learning french and norwegian and i can usually guess the gender in norwegian because it 's often the same . 
  same with suffixes for tenses . 
  if it would sound better from a german point of view , it 's probably right in norwegian . 
  but in french , there are no real similarities . 
  dictionaries are descriptive . 
  when the word `` app '' became more and more popular through smart phones , the duden listed it with all 3 genders . 
  once people got used to the word , the masculine gender got dropped because nobody uses it . 
  either you can make a clear grammatical statement about the gender because it 's a germanised word ( ca n't think of anything but if we took a german word and built a german diminutive out of it , the gender must be neutral . 
  like shitchen or shitlein or something like that ) or it 's just what people use the most and that 's usually what sounds best . 
  especially since denmark is really close to the softest dialects of the german language . 
  i could understand the czech who , as soon as they cross the border , are confronted with rural bavarian dialects but there is n't really anything particularly ugly about the low german influenced dialects of germany . 
  continuous tenses . 
  they 're either borrowed from the celts or latin . 
  hard to say since you ca n't really define what a word is . 
  and 4 cases, 
  we 've got beer for like 15 cents or something in germany . 
  and it does only taste a little like piss . 
  do you read what other people write in this thread ? 
  i think multiple people now said that europeans have a different understanding of what `` i am irish '' or whatever means . 
  is a misunderstanding . 
  the whole situation would n't be a problem at all if you 'd say `` irish-american '' or whatever . 
  by the way , something i forgot to tell you yesterday : the other former colonies / commonwealth countries do not identify with their ancestors ' heritage . 
  just saying ... 
  it 's not like you can expect the rest of the world to just get it . 
  also , multiple people in this thread here said that they do n't mind if there is some legitimate claim to cultural connection . 
  `` i like drinking '' is not a legitimate reason to `` feel irish '' so no , it does n't go both ways . 
  if you have a legitimate connection to the country of your ancestors , then that 's fine and people here seem to think that 's fine as well and there is no reason to feel offended on either side . 
  if you reduce your connection to your heritage to stereotype , you lost your right to be offended . 
  people feel that others disrespect what they consider their identity . 
  it has nothing to do with pride . 
  you do n't have to be proud to be irish to get annoyed by people claiming they are irish because they drink a lot . 
  i do if they speak the language . 
  claiming pride in being german will do the same thing in germany . 
  how about being proud of something you actually worked for and not because of the situation you were born into ? 
   it was the law of the land already when most of our ancestors arrived . 
  same for me . 
  it 's your fault for attaching your identity to your ancestors . 
   my ancestors certainly had no part in ... 
  mine neither . 
  in fact , if my family did n't flee from prussia in ww2 , i 'd be polish now . 
   the united states does not have a monolithic culture . 
  do you think european countries do ?
