  considering that the majority of the norwegian population lives in cities like oslo and bergen , probably public transport . 
  well , could be worse for germany . 
  considering that an apprenticeship is actually worth something and a university degree is not necessary , it 's not * that * bad . 
  could be better , but not as bad as i expected . 
  it 's like `` asians are all geniuses '' . 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
  get bad grades in school to make a point ? 
  is n't that a fitting stereotype for half or europe ? 
  than what 's up with finland ? 
  and alcohol because at some point muss man sich die sippschaft sch\u00f6n trinken ... 
  i think everybody has some kind of meat balls . 
  the frg is probably the first german nation in which people see themselves as german without any dark ideology like what happened in the 3rd reich . 
  if you ask people about their city or their state ( sort of state . 
  since the current states are not that representative for the historical borders , it 's kind of blurry ) , they 'll see the whole thing as one continuing place . 
  germany ( or however it was called in the time period in question ) was just on top of that . 
  ww2 is the first war where germans , as a nation , feel responsible because there was n't evil prussia being a cunt . 
  and 12 million dead civilians who got murdered ** by us germans ** because of their religion , ethnic heritage , political views , sexuality , whatever . 
  that 's the statistic that overshadows ww1 and that we care about . 
  itt : a bunch of people that know that it is n't any more whilst us news agencies seem to forget that . 
  i 've been thinking about learning a slavic language for a long time now . 
  polish and czech seem to be quite interesting but i ca n't decide !, 
  now i want to learn czech ... do n't even know why ... 
  and the imperialistic slovakian people !, 
  do n't forget those !, 
  all 5\u00a01/2 of them ... 
  but not that crazy . 
  like , we have beaten the french 3 times and stuff but they 're not really seen as cowards . 
  yeah . 
  but that was n't much either . 
  both sides ( the eu and russia ) were highly biased so to not make it look like either were trying to bring ukraine to their side , they were just watching and waiting until they could n't hold back anymore due to the rising violence . 
  seems like this was n't necessary after all . 
  the ukrainians did it . 
  should n't the opposition do something to kind of unify the people ? 
  like , the pro-yanukovych population will probably vote for one party . 
  so what if they get more votes than either tymoshenko or klitschko ( sorry for the germanised name . 
  i 'm not so sure how you 'd transcript his name in english ) ? 
  is n't that basically frisian spelt a bit weirdly ? 
  you know what ? 
  let 's forget esperanto . 
  i only mentioned it as another bad example . 
  i still think that another modern language would be better than latin but i kind of see your point . 
  though , old norse would still be kind of awesome . 
  or icelandic !, 
  modern and almost nobody speaks it !, 
  i 'd take latin over esperanto as well but latin gives an advantage to every romance language speaker . 
  i said large and not 87 books : / and as far as i 've seen , there are only 2 parts of the harry potter series in latin . 
  and news in latin is also not much . 
  a lot of people also learn languages only by text books . 
  that 's boring . 
  there are so many fun ways to learn other languages including the possibility to just go to that country for a weekend and talk to people ( it 's the eu after all ) which is not possible with latin . 
  might as well learn esperanto . 
  since such a project will most likely start here , i think encouraging people to use any language but english might be a better idea than encouraging people to use latin , a language almost nobody speaks or writes fluently and that has not much more practical use than french or spanish . 
  i thought the latin case system is such a brain fuck ? 
  anyway , there is a lot of stuff available in any other language . 
  if you want to get somewhere quickly , any other european language will be a better option simply because of the material you have available to actually use the language . 
  latin might not be harder than french but at least i can see french films on netflix and could get french music out of every genre you can think of somewhere . 
  same with books . 
  i can even buy french books on the german amazon . 
  try to find a large selection of latin books that are not old and/or boring . 
  edit : and maybe latin is n't as hard as i thought but people think latin is hard / have made bad experiences with latin so they 'd be scared away . 
  it 's an awful lot easier to bring people to learn old norse or something like that than latin simply because they most likely never heard about it and then you 've got all the nordics ( except finnish people ) running around telling people how easy it is ( because it is easy for them ) and everybody is happy while the latin language basically does nothing but bring up memories of that old shitty teacher you remember from school . 
  but latin is hard and most people either have no experience with it or hate it from school . 
  i do n't know anybody who had latin in school and ever bothered to pick it up again . 
  you could also just go back home . 
  that would be a nice thing to do . 
  also , do n't you think teenagers ca n't get their own drugs without you ? 
  somebody thought it might be a good propaganda tool , the mods did n't give a damn and the sane people left , i 'd assume . 
  carl may, 
  which company gets away with paying engineers 800 euro per month ? 
  friend of mine in germany got a sms from his carrier a few days ago that said that he can now phone and text to other eu countries for national rates . 
  i think he has vodafone . 
  i was in paris a few months ago and they only had free internet for google , some travelling sites and the most common email providers . 
  the rest was something like 10 euro for a week or something . 
  also , only available via cc . 
  oh we know ... ... . 
  yeah because i ca n't shit money ... 
   are ingrained into the european psyche you 're either american or an idiot . 
  edit : or both, 
  because nobody tried yet ? 
  what should americans do on a euro centric website even if it 's in english ? 
  that does n't make much sense . 
  even in / r/europe are only a few americans even though it 's on reddit . 
  and if you do n't make a euro centric site , it does n't make much sense to exclude the americans . 
  native american languages are quite popular in germany ( relatively speaking ) . 
  i do n't really what 's so special about xhosa that you had to pick it out of the few examples i 've given . 
  there are probably some people that would like to learn it and if you 've got to support roughly 30 or more languages anyway , you might as well put some rarely spoken or minority languages in there . 
  it 's not like the irish population that cares about irish is much bigger than what one might expect from other languages . 
  somebody that is not from a region where a particular minority language is spoken but is still interested in such a language might also be interested in some more exotic languages like xhosa or zulu with clicks . 
  i 'm just saying once you 've such a platform going , it might not hurt to add some not so common things as well . 
  actually , making it european centric will make it quite obvious that posts about american stuff are not something the website would like to see which would give them the possibility to delete the `` hey look at all that snow in < random state near canada  '' or `` lol did you see the superbowl last night '' stuff if it 's in english which would not exclude quebecois or latin americans or even south africans which might be a quite interesting community if the website promotes posts in other languages . 
  also , english is so commonly spoken that it 's quite easy to establish a non-american community even if the only common language is english . 
  though , that does n't seem like a clever idea if you want to promote a multi lingual community which is pretty much required . 
  i do n't know reddit is kind of successful and you 'd have to specifically exclude americans since they 're the only ones that would and could overrun a website . 
  what might work is setting it up as some kind of language exchange . 
  like , encouraging people to post in their native language . 
  than encouraging people to translate that to another language . 
  after all , you need to provide the possibility to communicate in their native language because if you do n't you might as well stay on reddit . 
  also , i 'd love to have an awful lot of communities of different languages right next to each other . 
  especially if somebody wants to learn a pretty rare language like xhosa or afrikaans or welsh or basque or breton !, 
  the possibilities are endless !,
