   we do n't have common values freedom of speech pops into my mind  history you do . 
  otherwise , you 'd still be a british colony . 
  in fact , even when you were a british colony , americans called themselves americans . 
   language the wast majority of the people in your country speak english as a native language . 
  the belgians do n't have their own language either and they still mange to get by just fine with their identity . 
  a language is only a dialect with an army . 
  so yes , you do have your own language . 
  it 's just that other people can understand it as well . 
  but that 's not exclusively to the us . 
  that also happens in scandinavia . 
   culture you do ...  to be american you just have to pass a test you do n't have to do much more to be german . 
  except , you know , all the visa requirements before the citizenship you did n't mention either . 
  it gets more muddy when the language of your ancestors country and your current home country is the same . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
  or maybe you accept that not everybody in the world cares about your customs and express yourself precisely if you talk to foreigners . 
  than this problem would n't exist . 
  then be fucking proud to be american ... god dammit your country is , what , 200 years old ? 
  it 's not like there is nothing like shared culture amongst you ... 
  for me , the language and giving a shit is what counts . 
  you speak polish , you understand the culture , you understand the history , you want to identify as polish ? 
  then you 're polish ( from a non-polish point of view ) . 
  but you seem to be the exception . 
  i would n't because they 're kurds . 
  you are american . 
  not french or german or italian . 
  french because i like the contrast between all that vowels and that guttural r. it 's like how dubstep should be . 
  the rough r covered in lovely vowels . 
  finnish just sounds nice . 
  i like the pitch accent of norwegian and swedish . 
  norwegian a bit more . 
  irish sounds cool but i do n't know why . 
  i also like latin and icelandic because learning those languages opens up a lot of old literature but that 's not really about the sound but more about the situation the languages are in . 
  w and y are actually vowels in welsh as far as i remember . 
  so there are n't that much more consonants in words than in other langauges . 
  at first , you 're all english . 
  because we do n't care about you except for football and then it 's only england . 
  but you 're shit at penalty shots so you should just let the others win if it looks like a stalemate . 
  also , you 're even more dickish than we are on mallorca . 
  the only reason why we still go there is because you guys remind us that it can be worse . 
  also , the queen . 
  lovely lady . 
  that 's about it in terms of stereotypes . 
  edit : we love mr bean , though . 
  and midsomer murders runs on tv here . 
  so do some other crime series . 
  i think in general , we see you as positive and the stereotypes are just banter . 
  a bit like with the french . 
  also , i feel like music that has it 's roots in britain is more common here than in other places . 
  a lot of the people i know dig drum and bass . 
  same for german . 
  it 's kind if funny sometimes . 
  if i 've got to use two wikipedia page for something , i often use one in german and one in english because sometimes the german one is more detailed and sometimes , the english one is more detailed . 
  fancy yourself some surstr\u00f6ming ? 
  you can get by quite well in german . 
  not as well as in english but there are enough ways to waste your time on the internet if you only speak german . 
  i always have to giggle when i see posts on reddit that are like `` x showed y who 's boss in an interview '' and then the dude is just a tiny bit witty . 
  that 's not true . 
  lol i think if there 's somebody who really ca n't complain , it 's eastern europe including poland . 
  city or region first ( depending on what makes more sense in a particular moment ) , then european and then german . 
  i do n't feel some kind of strong connection towards europe or germany so the place in actually from comes first . 
  the reason why i put european second is because i feel like france or the netherlands are more `` familiar '' than bavaria or berlin . 
  except for the language , i feel like i 'm in a totally different place when i 'm deep in the south or in the east but france was more like the rheinland . 
  i ca n't really say why . 
  i just feel more comfortable and `` at home '' there than in certain places in my own country . 
  that depends on the country ( i think the netherlands would be one of them where it might work ) . 
  the people you see on holiday are not the same people you see when you live here . 
  the waiter in a restaurant in a touristy city will speak english . 
  the supermarket employee in a city in which you can actually afford the rent ? 
  probably not . 
  it 's also extremely disrespectful to not even care enough to learn the basics of the local language . 
  yeah but greece joint very early , right ? 
  so for them , it was n't . 
  klammer\u00e4ffchen is probably the cutest word we 've got ... 
  who the fuck thought that made sense ? 
  yep . 
  touching the worker 's right is the single one opportunity to get an awful lot of people on the side of the parties that oppose it . 
  there will probably be exceptions . 
  i did an internship at the local energy supplier and they always had people on call for a week or so ( and then rotate ) . 
  but they also had `` gleitzeit '' ( not sure what that means in english . 
  it means that you can work whenever you want as long as you get shit done and the hours you 're getting paid for ) so if you had to get up at 3 in the morning because shit was hitting the fan somewhere and you had something like 4 or less hours of sleep , it was n't a problem to then work from 10 to 18 or something . 
  it 's always funny to see people say `` omg the germans are to hard working and everything ! '', 
  and then you see `` the french are all lazy striking bastards '' . 
  at first , the second statement coming from redditors is always funny considering that most redditors live in first world countries and mostly america where we should have ( and do have ) the right to defend our rights with such things so it should be in everybody 's interest that the french do this . 
  in relation to that , we work less than the french . 
  so obviously , if the french are so lazy and we are so productive , working hours ca n't be what is related to productivity . 
  at least not in the way most people seem to believe it is . 
  it took us roughly 1000 to 1500 years of war to get along in europe : /, 
  i do n't know why people from ukraine or russia would come to germany but if they do , bring vodka . 
  and food . 
  do n't forget good food !, 
  and your women . 
  can never have enough of those . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rgmpjyvwom this . 
  i think it 's a bit slow but it 's the most epic . 
  all the ones that are faster are weirdly pronounced in my opinion . 
  especially that in extremo thing ... 
  sick of the snow ? 
  :d good luck , mate . 
  where are you going ? 
  baltics , poland , germany or something not so close by like britain or even away from the continent ?
