  i 'd also put estonia in there because estii is cute . 
  western europe is pretty much the other half of belgium and france as well as the uk and ireland . 
  the latter two because of the location . 
  southern europe is everything that speaks a romance language so spain , portugal , italy . 
  i think greece and cyprus count as well . 
  maybe all of the balkans ? 
  i do n't know . 
  romania , even though romanian is a romance language as well , is excluded . 
  the rest is eastern europe . 
  though , there 's a reason why every institution that makes maps about that has another view on things . 
  there 's just so much to consider that i do n't really find something without flaws . 
  i feel like using everything but languages or geography would be a huge mess and we 'd have to split countries . 
  i feel like i belong more to france than many other parts in germany , for example . 
  yep . 
  it 's not like bayer has n't got the money to find a replacement product . 
  it 's like all those global warming deniers . 
  `` hur dur global warming is not caused by humans and we ca n't stop it or slow down the process '' . 
  well , do you want to take the chance ? 
  i do n't . 
  yeah but most of the time , that 's beer mixed with stuff . 
  well , it says `` oktoberfestbier '' but it 's probably not served there . 
  or at least not anymore . 
  but the rest of the beer we 've got is around 5 % . 
  there 's something like beer enthusiasm ? 
  i mean , i like a nice tasting beer but is it like with wine where people pretend it tastes like cinnamon or nuts ? 
  oktoberfestbier has 12 % . 
  does belgian beer beat that ? 
  we also learnt that the danish make a big fuss about nothing . 
  almost all of central europe beats the alcoholics of the scandinavians . 
  yeah , i meant to say us and not uk . 
  damn ... 
  i meant to say us instead of uk ... 
  i think the indian food in the ~ ~ uk ~ ~ us leaves a lot to be desired as well :d edit : i meant to say us : / i know that the indian food in the uk is great !, 
  please do n't hate me :(, 
  so you people are like germans , french , brits except that you actually get depressed . 
  nothing to complain about ( except the economy ) but as depressedl as a dude that just crashed his car , with his full family in it , against a tree and blames himself because they 're all dead . 
  :d i did n't even think i 'd get it . 
  at first , i thought i could ask for the coa of my city because a red , 3 tailed dragon with blue claws holding a blue anchor with a long , split tongue is a lot cooler than a flag people will mistake for a fucked up hungary flag . 
  but i thought that i can consider myself lucky if somebody cares about a german state that never did anything special or was involved in anything relevant for europe . 
  i was wrong !, 
  that was a great surprise . 
  i asked for my flair and got it . 
  yeah , i know . 
  the internet is always worse and you kind of have to pick around the bad apples to find sane people . 
  i 'd probably understand it if the situation were similar to germany . 
  basically , there are 2 german languages . 
  one is high german and one is low german . 
  after language standardisation was a thing , the dialect martin luther translated the bible to was used as the standard german in germany . 
  it was a high german dialect , though , so low german pretty much felt out of use and only people in the north ( and i mean close to the coast . 
  not just the northern half of germany ) actually speak it fluently ( more and more young people learn it , though , which is kind of great ) . 
  so it 's even worse than welsh or other old minority languages and only high german is the official language of germany but low german has official status in some northern states and they also offer everything the government publishes ( state government , obviously ) in low german and are bound by law to respond to low german requests in low german . 
  but it would be useless to implement that on a national level because in other states , they 're maybe 5\u00a01/2 people that actually speak low german . 
  even in states that were low german before . 
  but if there are such big groups as in canada or belgium , there has to be some balance . 
  ninja edit : almost everybody who speaks low german also speaks high german natively . 
  there are always old people that do n't but that 's obviously a shrinking group . 
  try to find any random film you know in dutch and then in french . 
  you just do n't need another language if you speak french because everything is localised . 
  even shitty british b-movies are sometimes available in french and german . 
  people do n't have to be proud of their language or heritage or whatever . 
  there is just no need from a totally rational point of view . 
  probably the first reasonable anglophone canadian i 've seen on that matter ( i hope i interpreted your comment right ) . 
  it 's kind of refreshing to see that . 
  especially since the only canadian people i see are on the internet and most of the time when that topic is on , people hate in quebec . 
  i did n't realise that it might be the belgian flag until i saw your comment . 
  can somebody give me a short but precise ( meaning : stuff cs majors can understand ) explanation about what actually happened ? 
  as far as i 've seen , ssl is busted . 
  which is already bad . 
  but what about other encryption methods ? 
  no , because then there 's nobody to make fun of . 
  what happened to asturias ? 
  did it just get swallowed by castile like everything else ( let 's hope my paradox games history education does n't fail me ... ) ? 
  small question , do the french swiss talk as weird as you german swiss do ? 
  not weird in the negative way . 
  there 's after all a swiss standard . 
  but is the swiss french as different from french french as swiss german is from german german ? 
  well , we still got our states . 
  there 's nothing wrong with liking germany because it 's a pretty country , you like the language , you like the food or just to live here but you should n't be proud of your country . 
  if you want to be proud of something , be proud of your state ( or old kingdom that is n't a thing anymore like franconia ) and tell the bavarians how much they suck . 
  polish the boots , boys !, 
  it just takes ~ 70 years to get pardoned . 
  might as well try again , right ? 
   german more-or-less natively \u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df\u00df bloody spelling butchering swiss !, 
  southern europeans always look so enthusiastic when they sing their national anthem . 
  germans look just bored : /, 
  it actually was n't the intention to sing about territorial claims . 
  the anthem was written when germany was n't really a unity and people tried hard to bring people to identify as german and not as bavarian , saxon , franconian , prussian , whatever . 
  so the first first verse was about `` put your german identity over your local identity '' and the territorial stuff was more like `` that 's all germany . 
  deal with it '' . 
  it 's not anymore , though . 
  we 'd annoy quite a few eastern europeans if we 'd still sing that part . 
  i think a football game is probably the only time i actually feel something when our national anthem is played ... might just be that an awful lot of people are singing the same song , though . 
  except that france is in the eu and can get bitch slapped . 
  the us can not because they just do n't give a fuck . 
  i 'd rather see france pissing around in german companies than the us . 
  i get where they 're coming from . 
  i mean , i would n't want a crazy ex wife to manage my stuff after i die but if the daughter , the sister and the nephew is present , you still ca n't do jack in germany because we love paper so much . 
  if there is no official exception than you 're screwed and rather the government than the ex wife would manage the funeral . 
  maybe it 's also not as important in france ? 
  my uncle died 2 years ago in paris and my aunt ( his ex wife but they pretty much could n't live with each other but also not without each other so they 'll still sort of together but divorced ) could easily manage the funeral and the medical stuff and anything .
