  at least the child wo n't scream racism as soon as possible . 
  it 's not understandable . 
  it 's still mob mentality and the reason why we 've got minority laws . 
  and `` well , they got him in the end '' is not the way it should be . 
  a pianist was just convicted of `` insulting the islam '' do you actually think that the german and the turkish government can come to an agreement which will fit for both sides 100 % ? 
  i doubt that . 
  the turks did not extradite when that happened the last time . 
  so it 's not a weak argument . 
  the german government had some trouble about that with the turkish government . 
  and it 's a bad thing because it does n't work as it should . 
  eu countries have an agreement over that matter . 
  if a dutch murderer would flee to germany , it would take a few hours after the situation is clear until you 've got dutch police working together with the german police . 
  there 's also the possibility to take a permanent residence permission . 
  no need for citizenship if you want to spend some time in turkey . 
  if you do n't intend to come back , why should you keep the citizenship in the first place ? 
   i live in cologne and we have 100k turks here . 
  we turks are the largest immigrant group in germany , surely our voice is louder then those of vietnamese . 
  that 's mob mentality . 
  according to that logic , you do n't have anything to say and the native k\u00f6lner are the ones with the balls in their trousers . 
  the onion german edition . 
  because turks always make it sound like it 's just the turks that are affected . 
  `` learn turkish to improve the integration situation '' . 
  `` the germans do n't want to give the turks to keep on to their citizenship '' . 
  it annoys the shit out of me . 
  it 's such an arrogant thing to say . 
  in my city alone are 14.7 k turks but then 10k greeks . 
  are they less affected by the problem ? 
  obviously , as a eu citizen , they can keep their passport which i will talk about in a bit but they still have the same integration problems . 
  there are also 6.7 k italians , 6.5 k poles , 5.9 k serbians , 5.9 k japanese , 4.9 k moroccans , 3.5 k russians , 3.5 k macedonian , 3.3 k croatian . 
  but only the turks make a fuss about such things . 
  and that 's just one city . 
  there 's still a massive amount of immigrants that are not from turkey in germany but the turks act like they 're more important than the other immigrants . 
  and you asked what 's wrong about having multiple citizenships ? 
  well , if you commit a crime and then flee to the country you keep the citizenship of , you ca n't get prosecuted . 
  that happened in the past with turks . 
  i 'm too lazy to look for the post about this here in the thread so look for yourself . 
  why is it always the turks that make a fuss about everything ? 
  i 'd have to get rid of my passport if i 'd want another one if i emigrated as well . 
  so do russians who are very common in germany as well . 
  want to improve integration ? 
  learn turkish !, 
  because fuck the rest of the immigrants we 've got in germany . 
  i got mocked for having red hair . 
  am i allowed to be a whiny bitch now as well ? 
  mostly because of mathematics , though . 
  but even on a university of applied science which does basically the same but spread the maths out and teaches it a bit more practical ( you 'd get the basics in linear algebra 1 and 2 and then more in depth stuff in ai or cryptography class ) the lectures are only half full after the first semester . 
  it makes me sad that every time somebody does n't know `` d\u00fcsseldorf '' , i 've got to use use `` cologne '' as the most commonly known big city since germans always know d\u00fcsseldorf ( it 's the state capital ) but foreigners do n't ... we throw shit at each other for almost 1000 years so that 's like somebody would stab me in the back . 
  everything takes a long time in germany to be modernised . 
  while it would n't be a problem to do that shit over the internet so licencing options would n't be more work than the current model , the gez ( the cunts that want my money ) is still living in the 70s . 
  come to d\u00fcsseldorf , germany and open a proper polish restaurant . 
  i 'd eat the shit out of that . 
  well , we need wine to celebrate [ feierabend ] ( http://dict.leo.org/#/search=feierabend&amp;searchloc=0&amp;resultorder=basic&amp;multiwordshowsingle=on ) at some point , do n't we ? 
  so a chain and a gag ball should be enough for france . 
  edit : a long chain so france can serve us wine as well . 
  if you guys stop to fake ours , i stop faking yours . 
  my father was in istanbul and said they were the nicest people he 's ever met . 
  i was on holiday in turkey once and it was basically `` oh , you 're german ? 
  have more apple tea ! '', 
  `` you 're german ? 
  take two of those cheap fake t-shirts for the price of one ! '', 
  `` you 're german ? 
  have that watch for half the price ! '' . 
  i 've also never heard anything negative from the turks that i met at university or from people that visited germany . 
  / u/bbmm expresses the situation pretty accurate . 
  edit : that sounds a lot like they were just trying to sell me stuff . 
  apple tea was always free . 
  the hotel was all inclusive so it does n't actually matter if i had taken a drink or two more since it was already paid . 
  potato is n't offensive but i 've no idea why they 're using potato . 
  well , we 've got a lot of dishes that contain potatoes so i actually something that sticks out between the cultures and what is observable even if you could n't give a shit about the german culture . 
  come on , dude ... at least pay attention to your spelling if you rant . 
  i do n't like it either but i can still express myself properly . 
  probably the only minority i ever had problems with . 
  touched one guy 's jacket because it was laying on the only free seat in class ( i put it where all the other jackets were and told the teacher so he knows what the guy who forgot it was talking about ) . 
  got beaten up after class . 
  nothing too bad because i knew some people so that was the only time in school . 
  then some turks asked me for a cigarette in the city . 
  i said i only had one but i was going to buy some anyway so they could have it . 
  got beaten up and almost my mobile stolen because i only got one cigarette . 
  got chased through the city for being a `` german potato '' got called a `` racist german cunt '' because i did n't agree to the group of turks in my class who asked me if i think that people that look at a group of turks casually while walking by racist . 
  and that basically repeats itself over and over again . 
  luckily , i met turks who were really nice people . 
  who enjoyed drinking some german beers and raki while having a currywurst and sucuk ( i think that 's actually breakfast food but who gives a crap when you 're drunk ) so i do n't think that all the turks are like that but when i had problems with immigrants , they were turks . 
  i enjoy turkish food and the company of turks . 
  holiday in turkey was really nice ( i was in side or something like that which seems to be mostly a russian holiday destination and most of the hotel staff blushed a bit when they asked where i 'm from and i said germany ) . 
  but i ca n't stand that kind of turks and everybody else who 's like that but i never had problems with other minorities . 
  what i 've heard from other turks is that the problem is mainly what kind of turks immigrate and from where they are . 
  most of them are from villages and extremely religious and proud of their origins . 
  that results in refusing to learn german ( i 've heard multiple times that trying to be good in german is a bad thing ) , trying to push through their crazy believes of arranged marriage ( and brainwashing their children so they believe that the choice between 3 turkish men is actually a free choice ) and whatever else you can imagine from the combination of villagers and extremely religious . 
  that can result in children that are unable to speak german as well . 
  they then hide in their `` ghettos '' ( i do n't like that word because it implies negativity even though the russian and east europe `` ghetto '' in my city is a very nice place ) and do bad in school because , obviously , lessons are in german . 
  that increases the feeling of being `` different '' . 
  that in combination with parents that refuse to learn german and get into the german culture also increases the feeling of being `` better '' which then results in violence . 
  of course , not everybody is like that . 
  but one family like that with a teenager who 's got 5 easy to influence friends results in 6 angry and violent teenagers . 
  but as soon as you recommend anything but `` turkish lessons for everybody '' or something like that , you 're a racist which makes the problem basically unsolvable . 
  because if you live in wealthy countries , you 'll always find something that 's shit in your country but not in another country . 
  if it 's possible for you to move to a close and wealthier country ( wealthier also means more social security , obviously ) , you take your best option ( meaning germany or uk since germany is central and english is a common language ) but if there 's like one thing that pisses you off , you just go to a country that has n't got that thing that pisses you off and you forget about the stuff that was better ( whatever that means ) in your country because you 're so happy that you do n't have to keep up with the shit in your country anymore . 
  bloody mountain folks ... 
  to be honest , if i look at my youtube subscriptions , i 'm pretty sure almost all of those americans that do vlogs saying that they `` love '' people they like and call everybody they 're friendly with `` friend '' . 
  that might just be a difference in the language , but that 's a very foreign thought for me .
