  then there were some problems with my university application so i took a gap year full of doctor who , programming and that was also the year i found reddit and i started playing world of warcraft on an english server . 
  i now speak english almost as well as my native language . 
  i went from slowly reading a bbc article in school to not remembering which language i used because they both come natural to me and my inner monologue being a fucked up mixture of german and english just through doing what i enjoy whilst fucking around on the internet . 
  exposure . 
  it does n't matter how you learn as long as you use the language . 
  slogging through a novel with only basic knowledge of the language for an hour every single day is much better than a language course once a week with a great teacher . 
  just pick a language that interests you , buy a beginner text book , rush through it so that you 're not completely lost , use the language . 
  it literally does n't matter what you do as long a you have the chance of finding out what it means . 
  like , it would be dumb to just watch a movie and expect that to work . 
  but if you have subtitles and pause the movie and go back to it , it works . 
  reading is obviously the easiest thing to do . 
  read a novel until it falls apart . 
  you also do n't have to speak from day one ( which is something a lot of people recommend ) . 
  if you want to , you can . 
  again , reading and writing is easier . 
  there are a lot of apps . 
  some people enjoy making up bullshit stories about going grocery shopping and then they buy apples , a pen and a bottle of water because that 's the only nouns they know and the only things they can write about . 
  that 's fine but i find that annoying . 
  you can work on your passive abilities first and then transfer that knowledge to your active abilities . 
  might take longer in total than doing everything at once but what good is that if you quit because you just ca n't be arsed to write about some nonsense yet again ? 
  there 's a great book ( which is free and linked on her wikipedia page ) by kat\u00f3 lomb . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.cc.kyoto-su.ac.jp/information/tesl-ej/ej45/tesl-ej.ej45.fr1.pdf ) she talks about her method . 
  she learnt russian in a bunker in ww2 with just a dictionary and a bunch of angry hungarians around her . 
  she also taught multiple people and learnt a lot of other languages with her method . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  it just takes long . 
  just do * something * and do it * regularly * and you 're fine . 
  even `` hard '' languages like japanese or arabic are n't really ** hard ** . 
  it just takes longer because the differences between your native language and the target language are longer . 
  you start out with your native language and then language learning is just filling in the knowledge gaps . 
  with `` hard '' languages , there are simply more gaps so it takes more time to fill them . 
  but it 's still your motivation that you 're playing against . 
  not the language . 
  it simply takes longer to lern the `` hard '' languages . 
  the method is the same . 
  ( example : if i told you that the german word for `` and '' is `` und '' , you know straight away how to use it because it 's the same as in english . 
  japanese has like 4 or 5 different constructs that take the place of `` and '' in english . 
  so the same effort you put into learning german just now might only get you 1/10 or 1/5 of the way for japanese . 
  but it 's not more difficult ) also : a lot of europeans will tell you that they learnt english by playing video games or watching tv . 
  that is both true and false . 
  of course , they did n't just sit down in front of a tv and magically learnt english . 
  they learnt the basic grammar in school . 
  playing video games or watching tv is just what actually made them fluent . 
  the additional exposure is what got them where they are . 
  the teacher just provided the basics . 
  yep !, 
  the city of cologne . 
  those fuckers are still salty that we beat their asses some 500 years ago . 
  also their beer looks like piss . 
   it only bothers me when people start associating him with the actual god that has somewhat already happened even beyond the obvious stupid shit . 
  odin is kind of seen as a grandfatherly figure and he banned thor in the movie for killing innocent people or whatever . 
  odin is the deceiver . 
  odin is the master of tricking people . 
  he 's the ruler of valhalla and if thor killed a bunch of people , odin would high five him like `` bruh valhalla will be bursting with soldiers and we gon na smash those cunts during ragnar\u00f6k '', 
  probably the most important election of our times . 
  i start to sweat just thinking about it . 
  if somebody knows blind and misplaced patriotism , it 's the yanks . 
  hebrew is a lot easier . 
  it 's grammar is a bit simpler ( partially due to the modernisation ) and it 's a lot easier to pronounce ( most people involved in building the state of israel were yiddish speakers and that became the de facto standard so pronunciation is pretty straight forward for europeans . 
  unlike arabic ) . 
  the fact that we 're a city proves that cologne ca n't be trusted with the responsibility, 
  if you want something done right , do it yourself !, 
  the point is not that it 's not silly but that it 's regularly silly . 
  qu'est - ce is always `` kess '' and que is always `` ke '' and `` est '' is always `` e '' and generally , if a word ends in a consonant you can be very sure that those consonants are dropped . 
  it 's maybe more silly compared to english but french orthography is regular . 
  at least more regular than english . 
  no it 's more like when you plan something ( a hobby project , a trip , whatever ) and realise that you fucked up a bit and just scratch the whole plan and start over . 
  if i wanted the us to go away i would n't have said anything and just waited until your country collapses in chaos . 
  just start over . 
  do it like the french . 
  the second federal republic of the united states of america . 
  then do all the shit we 're doing well . 
  done . 
  nobody cares about shitty excuses though . 
  the usual conservative bullshit . 
  budget cuts and welfare reforms to save money . 
  oh they will be, 
  yes , please !, 
  polytheism is so much cooler than monotheism !, 
  noooo we do n't do that anymore . 
  we just ruin smaller economies . 
  france . 
  frankish empire 2.0 and this time we do n't split it once somebody dies so we do n't kick off 1000 years of war again . 
  i 'm so hard i ca n't even !, 
  can we write in runes again as well ? 
  i do n't know what the official definition of a metro area is but the whole thing is called rhein-ruhr metro area . 
  actually the metro area is called rhine-ruhr . 
  it 's bigger than just the ruhrgebiet . 
  what health care system ? 
  that 's a good summary of it . 
  yeah that 's the gold medal bit . 
  but actually , that mostly influenced the written language . 
  spoken norwegian has much more in common with swedish than danish but during the period where norway was part of denmark , danish was the written language . 
  then the purists came up with what later became bokm\u00e5l ( book language . 
  norwegian written with something that looks a lot like danish ) whilst some other people went for a more west scandinavian approach which resulted in nynorsk ( new norwegian ) because they wanted to get rid of danish influences . 
  and once again somebody fucked with their language because they hate the danes !, 
  at least the english spell it differently ... what the hell is wrong with you dutchies ? 
  another of those words i miss in english . 
  like the opposite of hungry . 
  in case somebody is confused why norwegian is more like icelandic on that one : icelandic and norwegian are west scandinavian ( descendents of the viking old norse the sagas are written in ) and swedish and danish are east scandinavian languages .
