  i have to get up in 6 hours so i just took a quick look . 
  so it looks like basically the eu rules count with the exception that east europeans ( czech , estonian , hungarian , latvian , lithuanian , polish , slovakian and slovenian as well as bulgaria and romania ) have to get a permission first before they can work in the uk , am i right ? 
  but if romania is in the eu , there should n't be a problem , right ? 
  as far as i know , only 20 % of the jobs in the british government are reserved for brits . 
  the original millennium trilogy from sweden was awesome . 
  swedish thrillers are awesome anyway but the millennium trilogy was especially brilliant . 
  i do n't even know why the americans bother with the remake . 
  i think since ww2 is basically history now and people can have a distant view on things , countries around germany that got overrun by the nazis are probably more sensitive to extremist parties and stay away from them . 
  the german far right party ca n't even book a hotel room on the party 's name because nobody wants to deal with those people . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't know what those programmers have smoked hat they think ascii is a good idea . 
  i doubt that you can even monitor the gmail accounts of everybody living in bremen with 7k $ hardware . 
  i mean ... that 's a lot of traffic !, 
  a legitimate reason is ok . you 're just bitching and not protesting . 
  well , just tell people that you just ca n't be bothered to change your writing since you did it like that for 24 years instead of `` i ignore that rule because i can '' and you 're not a grumpy old man anymore . 
  the other reforms you are criticising are optional changes to make german phonetic again . 
  i think you mean stuff like `` kucken , delfin etc , right ? 
  the old `` da\u00df '' rule was based on the long f or fz which you can see in the word `` gastst\u00e4tte '' ( the second s should be a fz ) in signs at ... well ... gastst\u00e4tten . 
  therefore , the old rule was based on top of a rule that do n't exist anymore and i suppose that rule was removed way before you were learning to write . 
  you do n't want to write like that because that 's how you 've learnt it and you do n't want to change it ? 
  fine . 
  i do that as well with the new alternative spellings and british english instead of american english . 
  but do n't say that you ignore the rule on purpose because that makes you look like those old grumpy men that look at their `` die zeit '' newspaper and complain about the young people reading stuff on the internet and butchering our language ( and i agree with your that we have to protect our language . 
  but making grammatical rules more logical is not butchering ) . 
  there a so many unimportant rules and you keep the one that makes no sense at all . 
  brilliant ... 
  not really . 
  in general , you lose your german citizenship . 
  you can make an application for dual citizenship which only gets accepted in exceptional cases which include the knowledge of the german language ( which can be hard especially in countries where german is never used and where you 've got to wait a damn long time for a citizenship like the usa ) , social bindings to germany ( i think parents alone probably wo n't count that much ) but most importantly negative aspects when you do n't get the local citizenship . 
  a greencard for example would get every problem out of the way since social assistance is almost non existing anyway . 
  same for the rest of the eu . 
  as an example : only 20 % of jobs in the british government are for citizens only . 
  the rest is available for me as a eu citizen . 
  i get access to the nhs and everything i need . 
  no need to keep the german citizenship . 
  if another country would deny health care to non citizens as well as free education and other rights , you 'd be able to get the dual citizenship sine a local citizenship would give you more security and rights . 
  well , i 'm not affected by racism or xenophobia so i do n't want to argue against that . 
  but i think people on reddit are mostly more educated than the common racist and , i think , that the european reddit community reacts like that because of the reasons pointed out in my other comment . 
  i never had and never will have a problem with foreigns but those very aggressive protests made me scared and concerned a bit . 
  not about foreigns in general but about those kind of aggressive people that are promoting violence to that extend . 
  and to be honest , it 's really easy to get called a racist on reddit if you try to explain that . 
  i 'm not a politician therefore i do n't feel experienced enough to argue about the pros and cons on keeping citizenship . 
  i do n't care about anybody 's citizenship it 's just annoying that you make `` the germans discriminating the turks '' out of a law that applies to everyone and yes , even germans have to give away their citizenship if they immigrated . 
  like i said . 
  without being legally allowed at birth . 
  a german parent is what allows you legally to get a german citizenship next to a foreign one . 
  same thing with family that had to flee in ww2 or countries that give you the citizenship when you were born on that country no matter where your parents are from . 
  verbal aggression . 
  not physical . 
  and i 'm not defending racism . 
  and i used `` those people '' for a lack of a better word and not in a disrespectful way . 
  i think it 's a mixture of people that scream racism whenever they feel offended and fear or insecurity because of recent events . 
  jews and muslims complain because of a ruling that could lead to circumcision ban with `` woah you should n't do that with your history , germany ! '', 
  and , of course , that 's a dick move so we are complaining about them and they are screaming about racism . 
  then you 've got burning embassies and governments offering a bounty on that american guy who did the video and want to see non-believers beheaded . 
  and then you complain about that and other muslims say `` not all of us are like that . 
  you 're a racist ! '' . 
  how can you expect people to not be afraid or insecure ? 
  the obvious stupid comments still end up in the -35 votes section at the bottom of the page . 
  it 's just that immigration is a more obvious a topic right now . 
  and insecurity and fear are pushing up comments written because of insecurity and fear . 
  the jewish leaders were complaining because we do n't want them to cut off bits of their children . 
  it was again just `` woah you should n't do those things with your history '' . 
  that said , i think the recent `` rise of xenophobia and racism '' is caused by the negative image we see in the last couple of month from foreign cultures . 
  the attacks on the embassies , the protests afterwards , the jewish and islam communities that complain because they ca n't mutilate their children . 
  how can you expect that people are not scared and react more aggressive against those people . 
  and that 's exactly the problem with people ( people !, 
  i did n't use any nationality on purpose ) like you . 
  nobody has the right to keep two citizenships in germany . 
  it is just impossible without being legally allowed to get another citizenship at birth . 
  but even though that rules counts for everybody , the bad , bad german government is discriminating the turks . 
  what about the other immigrants ? 
  do n't they get also discriminated then ? 
  but why bother , right ? 
  because you 're a turk so why care about other immigrants . 
  i know plenty of people that live here with a foreign passport or got a german passport ( turks as well ) . 
  nobody was complaining that they got restricted in their culture . 
  nobody thought that it 's a problem to call themselves whatever their family or themselves came from . 
  like german-turk or german-russian or whatever . 
  no , that 's exactly how they are here as well . 
  if you 've got apples from egypt , people are complaining why they do n't offer local apples . 
  if you 've got local apples , people are complaining why the apple is n't as shiny and big as the other ones ( even though you pay apples in weight and not per piece ) . 
  also , local food is not as pretty which means that people wo n't buy it ... 
  what about burning cars and destroying half a city every year on the same day ? 
   i ca n't speak for greece but while neo nazis in germany most of the far right organisations in germany do n't run around and break bones . 
  at least not all the time . 
  in the same way you 've got an obvious racist motivated crime , you 've got far left organisations protesting violently ( mostly the antifa or not so well known organisations ) . 
  fortunately , any kind of political extremism is not accepted in germany . 
  the 1st of march protests are mostly motivated by left extremism . 
  extremists are extremists . 
  i ca n't speak for greece but while neo nazis in germany make your life hard with racism and violence the antifa is trying to make you feel as guilty as possible about not hating your country . 
  when the european football championship was running , they went through the streets and broke off little flags you can put between the window and the door frame of your car just to place a little tag there that you 're not better than the nazis for showing that flag . 
  that 's by the way the only reason we ever show flags . 
  football . 
  yesterday was the day of german unity ( that 's the day when west and east germany where one country again ) and , of course , somebody made a nazi reference because we do n't hate that this day is a holiday ( we do n't even celebrate it ) . 
  extremism is never good . 
  neither left nor right . 
  neither political nor religious . 
  edit : i did n't used stuff like `` making you feel guilty for loving your country '' because most people actually do n't love germany but like to show flag when football is on or something harmless like that . 
  edit2 : far left extremists are violent here as well .
