  i can move to any country in the eu ( and i will at some point ) without much problems . 
  the eu allows me to order anything on amazon.co.uk , amazon.fr , amazon.es , amazon.de without much problems . 
  no taxes , no import duties , nothing . 
  of course that also works for any other store but amazon is a good example . 
  but most importantly , the only thing that reminds me that i just left germany is a white line on the ground and people speaking another language all of a sudden . 
  never do i feel like something changed . 
  i 'm just in another country but it 's no big deal those people can still be my friends and there 's nothing that could make me feel otherwise . 
  if germany left the eu instead of the uk , i 'd move immediately . 
  after the brexit , i had the chance to kind of think about my own identity and came to the conclusion that my country is irrelevant to me . 
  europe is my home . 
  yes . 
  i love languages . 
  of course , you also have to keep in mind how many anglophones believe that lie that continentals only speak english so well because they have to use it . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  just like how i lived in the english bubble on the internet and media to improve my english , anglophones could live in the german , spanish or french bubble . 
  but , of course , if everybody tells you that , you start to believe it . 
  but from my perspective now , i 'd have no reason to believe otherwise . 
  in theory , i 'd be perfectly fine with just german and english but i 'm still studying japanese and just bought an irish grammar book and the hobbit in irish as motivation ( because why learn a useful language if you can learn the official language of a country that even the inhabitants seem to despise , right ? ) . 
  i 'm also going to learn polish at some point and probably french . 
  korean also looks cool . 
  if i die before i managed to learn 10 languages well enough to read a novel , i 'll consider my life a failure !, 
  anno is also originally german . 
  you 've probably played those games as well if you know the settlers . 
  at least in germany , dubs are always in this very clean and sterile dialect . 
  nobody ( and i mean literally nobody ) actually speaks like this . 
  it sounds off and unnatural . 
  that 's why people that speak english usually avoid dubs . 
  maybe the dutch do the same ? 
  gothic ? 
  it seems like only europeans that are big into pc gaming have heard of it ( so , germans , poles and maybe some others in the east ) . 
  it 's sheep not goats . 
  this is why people say americans ca n't shit talk with us ... you always get it just wrong enough for it to not be funny anymore, 
  maybe i just do n't spend much money : / not sure . 
  i pretty much always cook fresh so it 's not like i 'm living off of ramen either . 
  i mean an actual gaming pc not just any pc :d like , my step brother pretty much only plays cod on console but he played ksp on his laptop . 
  i would n't consider him a pc gamer or a hobbyist . 
  yeah i also forgot that i 'm losing weight and my breakfast and lunch is as small as it can be so i assume that i 'd pay a bit more if i actually ate what i wanted and not toast with the stuff with the lowest calories i could find . 
  i did n't know slovenia was as expensive as germany though ... that 's a surprise . 
  i do n't buy potatoes all that often but google suggests that this might be a bit expensive indeed . 
  i also do n't buy at the cheapest stores available so i could probably spend even less . 
  looking at that website that compares cost of living , it seems like what i pay is a bit closer to the us prices simply because the grocery store i go to is more expensive than aldi or whatever . 
  50 seems a lot especially for slovenia . 
  i can get by on 30 per week if i tried to save money . 
  i mean i can totally see why people might think that we are into consoles as much as anybody else ( you 're polish but living in germany , right ? ) . 
  most people i know at least owned a relatively modern console for a few games . 
  like , having a playstation for final fantasy or an xbox for halo or fighting games and a ds for pokemon and that stuff but i do n't know a single person who 'd describe video games as an hobby of them but does n't own a pc . 
  germany is the second biggest market on steam . 
  we really love our pcs as well . 
  but just for consoles , i 'd say it 's ps4 and nintendo consoles as well . 
  the xbox was always kind of meh . 
  if you want to move , do it now . 
  worst case : you have two years of good memories about something you 'll probably never experience in your life time ( writing this actually made me sad : c ) . 
  base case : everything turns out fine , nigel the goblin and boris mchobohair get fucked so hard by the eu that freedom of movement stays in the new treaty and you can stay . 
  speaking a bit of germany is enough to get by . 
  showing that you want to learn the language makes a lot of people ease up and be more comfortable with their terrible english ( it 's the same problem the french have . 
  we use english so little that the idea of having to use it is frightening to a lot of people ) . 
  so sweden and germany are both good choices . 
  at least language wise ( i feel like the far right is stronger in sweden so maybe they 'll leave the eu as well soon ? 
  who knows ) . 
  almost nothing . 
  haiti had a pretty crazy earth quake a while ago , people might have heard voodoo once but only know pop culture stuff . 
  concerning latin america : bunch of spanish people , naked portuguese speaking people !, 
  people might be aware that south america had a good amount of dictators but that 's about it . 
  oh , mexican drug cartels . 
  frankish empire 2.0 ? 
  depends . 
  they 're german generally except if they 're not ( recent immigrants ) than they 're wherever they 're from . 
  for black people in general , i 've heard afro-deutsch . 
  generally , i 'd prefer the nationality of their parents if i had to make a distinction . 
  if you want to live in the country side i 'd suggest west germany , belgium or the netherland . 
  they 're so densely populated that the country side is not far away from the cities . 
  also , dutch and german is pretty easy for english speakers ( especially dutch ) . 
  you had a stroke there . 
  do n't care . 
  20 dead children were n't enough to show you how insane the 2nd amendment is . 
  nothing else will . 
  every discussion is just hot air and fluff . 
  if you 're lucky , the younger generations are smarter than that and the problem will solve itself once the older generation kicks the bucket . 
  i wonder how many people think they have no say in the eu because they did n't know about the election . 
  and then , of course , you have farage in the parliament who does n't really show up . 
  no wonder you do n't feel represented . 
  the uk is powerful enough to actually influence those laws . 
  in fact , a good amount of laws in the eu are british laws just taken to an eu level . 
  also , you actually elect the eu parliament . 
  dammit i forgot about that ... 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i see it as rather neutral . 
  my father bought a house next to a brothel and introduced himself as the new neighbour as if it 's no big deal . 
  people in that little area where they built the new houses ( like , they got rid of a church and just built like 16 houses on the old church property ) also do n't seem to mind even the ones with children . 
  but i 'm not sure how the general public thinks about prostitution . 
  however i 'd say it 's similar to soldiers . 
  edit : the opinion about soldiers ranges from `` meh '' to `` literally worst person on the planet '' . 
  oh i was n't arguing that we should have football clubs on a state level but you see brits arguing that their countries are different and then finish off with something like `` it 's in the * name * !, 
  they 're called ** countries ** !!!! '', 
  which is true for most countries in europe that have some sort of states . 
  we just translate it as `` state '' to not get the americans confused . 
  i would n't word it that harshly but agreed . 
  i get the pleasure to see the english fail at football but can still cheer for the other brits . 
  we even call our states countries just like you do . 
  wow ... that 's harsh .
