  and only if you managed to active it once . 
  has the german government already said something ? 
  any bets on when they will if they will if they have n't said anything yet ? 
  i do n't remember . 
  i think they were not as good as i remember the cartoons . 
  but i only watched the dub and while cartoon lip syncing kind of works , syncing german to french lib movement as well as pretty low budget compared to hollywood productions can be shitty and ruin a film . 
  i mean `` our '' . 
  that 's almost as awkward as writing `` not '' instead of `` now '' . 
  i mean germany , of course . 
  there are still some laws in place that make the whole situation kind of not equal in germany . 
  but i think our federal court has ruled those unconstitutional and this summer , new laws will be implemented that makes the whole thing equal for everybody . 
  i think one of those laws were that you do n't have the right for custody if you 're not married . 
  but i only heard that in the news and this is what i remember so please do n't quote me on that . 
  disney just taken it ? 
  do you mean the cartoons dubbed by americans or the actual feature films ( i hope that 's the right word . 
  with real actors and not just cartoons ) ? 
  the german dub of the cartoon was great . 
  at least as i remember them . 
  bastards !, 
  i think the most secure thing you can do is doing your own stuff . 
  the most secure way for emails is doing your own thing . 
  there are hosters who offer cheap email services . 
  email is not really secure , though . 
  so it wo n't change much except that the general `` we take everything just cause '' might not affect you since you 're not on us servers anymore . 
  skype is easy . 
  use team speak . 
  german product ( we are shit with cs jobs on a large scale but our small stuff is quite good ) and i 've used it for years . 
  i think the client is open source as well . 
  servers cost a few euro per month . 
  facebook is not replaceable . 
  just get rid of it . 
  i use all-inkl . com for webspace . 
  there probably is already software that can do cloud sync via ftp or something similar . 
  so that would cover that . 
  they also provide email servers . 
  really easy to set up and i think it 's imap and pop3 . 
  most common domains ( the domains that cost 1 $ or similar per month ) do n't cost anything extra . 
  i 've moved domains there so i know a bit about the service . 
  you still need a signed document for moving domains but the service is not just full of some call centre idiots but actually know what they are doing and told me that i could sign those documents digital ( like signing a piece of paper and then sign the pdf with tools who can deal with that ) which i did because posting around a document between berlin and d\u00fcsseldorf just for a signature is shit . 
  the servers are in dresden . 
  not that pretty but better than the usa , i suppose . 
  i have n't found anything on the actual website in english but the webinterface is in english . 
  so it might only be interesting for germans or people who speak basic german ( at least enough to set it up ) . 
  it 's 5 $ per month and 15 $ set up fee . 
  it was first sold to ebay and ebay sold it to microsoft . 
  why does n't he take the swedish citizenship then ? 
  i think the us allows multiple citizenship and because the uk is in the eu , he could take as many eu citizenships as he likes without any problems with his british citizenship . 
  floods . 
  mostly about the helpers now , though . 
  they 're now reporting on organisations that try to help the victims like the red cross you can donate to or facebook groups / organisations that try to direct people to cities where they still need helpers who are unemployed people or students or just people who took some days off and took the next train to cities where people need help . 
  do n't they ( madeleine and her husband ) move to the us now and the dude did n't want a title ? 
  yep . 
  for a start up , something like the amazon thing is amazing . 
  i 'm pretty sure if mojang would n't use amazon , the only thing they could have done after minecraft got really big would be frying eggs on the servers . 
  having something that is able to scale like the amazon service is a life saver in those situation especially since you only pay if shit is hitting the fan ( in terms of traffic ) and if shit is hitting the fan , you 'll most likely have the money to pay for it . 
  though i know a few system admins who 'd be really sad if everything were in the cloud since servers and a memory test is a nice way to keep pizza hot . 
  those guys remind me a bit of the [ bastard operator from hell ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bastard_operator_from_hell ) except that they have n't killed people by telling them to stick their tongue into the wall socket . 
  it already is a thing for smaller things like simple dedicated servers or even something like a vserver . 
  almost everybody offers stuff in europe ( my vserver is in stra\u00dfburg . 
  i 've forgotten the english name . 
  strasbourg maybe ? ), 
  and if people continue to distrust the us in such matters , somebody will do something . 
  indeed . 
  scientists have said that the first person that lives 150 years has already been born . 
  so working until 71 might still give you 20 or 30 years of old-people fun . 
  the antifa operates differently depending on the country you 're in . 
  in germany , they drag your reputation through the dirt however they can if you do n't like them for their radical viewpoint . 
  in france , they 're violent as far as i know . 
  in switzerland , they are just protesting . 
  they range from `` far-left peaceful protesters '' to `` red fascists '' . 
  scandinavia and the world . 
  and has no money for the taxi ride ^ sorry :(, 
  so like the appd just not as crazy ? 
  not since the ~ ~ accident ~ ~ champions league . 
  i 'm happy that it worked out so well for them . 
  low german . 
  not high german . 
  i know most of the dutch words i pick up from my grandparents because they still speak the local dialect which is ( sort of ) low german . 
  high german is far away from dutch compared to english or frisian . 
  dutch is still a west germanic language so a lot germans who live in the south can still pick up words and maybe context but that 's because we 're used to accents . 
  in the same way a lot of people have problems to understand certain english dialects ( i have problems with southern usa accents ) , he might have problems picking up german dialects and might as well have problems to pick up dutch as we germans do . 
  edit : english might be bullshit because of french and norse influences but i 'm not so sure about that . 
  dutch has nothing to do with high german . 
  there 's a dialect continuum between dutch and low german ( that means both languages are a dialect of an imaginary third language ) but low german is not widely spoken . 
  i think dutch , low and high german are 1500 years old . 
  everything back than was more or less a dialect . 
  i can almost understand old english just by speaking it out loud but people back then were used to write like they spoke which means they were a lot better at doing that in their head so even written german was probably understood by an dutchmen but so was norse and englsh . 
  everything was once a dialect of something ( when in doubt , it was probably germanic ) but that does n't mean that this is still the case . 
  restaurants are mostly open . 
  of course the austrians make a game where your crazy religious mother locks you up in a basement full of demons . 
  the farming simulator was swiss :d the rest of the shitty simulators is german , though . 
  vivendi also still publishes wow in europe as far as i know . 
  and crytek has also a bunch of foreign studios , i think . 
  so if ubisoft is not french then crytek is n't german either . 
  i do n't know how common that game is outside of germany but next to anno should be die siedler ( the settlers ? ), 
  then . 
  it 's `` sprechen '' and not `` sprachen '' . 
  i had a typo in the other comment . 
  glad that i could help you . 
  see ?
