  and a few other places . 
  also , this is a german news source writing in english . 
  so they expect an international audience . 
  and it 's about voting to recognise the armenian genocide as a genocide . 
  so , technically , in the context the article is written in , quotation marks might be necessary . 
  you 're just paranoid . 
  not bothering others  everything else . 
  their opinion might cause discomfort to others so they keep quiet and just say `` meh i do n't know '' . 
  also , the japanese people are not very religious but traditional . 
  buddhist birth rituals ( i think ) , christian weddings , shinto funerals . 
  they do n't really stick to one thing and really live it like religious westerners would so maybe making such a clean cut between the two just seems weird to them . 
  because those are quotes . 
  they actually mark what was written or said . 
  those are not `` air quotes '' . 
  i see that quite frequently , to be honest . 
  fluent is every sound you can hold . 
  like , you ca n't just go ttttttttttttttttttt but you can do dutch gggggggggggggggg . 
  yeah i notice that with those maps as well . 
  always funny when people say that the japanese r ( flap ) is basically the same as the spanish r ( rolled ) . 
  everybody who can produce both would never confuse them or even call them similar . 
  but yeah you just got fucked with the vowels because spanish has only 5 or so . 
  i have very little problems with english vowels except for a in man vs e in men . 
  we only have the e in men in standard german ( represented by \u00e4 ) . 
  yes . 
  when visiting . 
  once you emigrate , the nhs does n't cover you anymore and you 'd need to sign up for whatever system the country you live in now uses . 
  link ? 
  nhs covers based on residency . 
  if you are on holiday , the nhs will cover your medical costs . 
  if you moved , they wo n't . 
  you need to get local health insurance then . 
  what arguments ? 
  you mean that populist fluff ? 
  i can go on any `` what should i vote '' website during german elections and always have the npd and afd somewhere in my top choices . 
  not because of their main agenda but because they also officially support popular opinion . 
  ukip takes the nonsense the daily mail writes ( which is mostly lies ) and sells it to you as the truth so they get their seats and money for all their other stuff that people generally do not seem to support . 
  why do you think an anti-eu party would want to be in the european parliament ? 
  they ca n't do shit their to get the uk out of the eu . 
  the irish did the same . 
  most parties promised something popular for the eu elections and none of that can actually be influenced by the eu . 
  than the uk is full of idiots . 
  especially during the european elections did i see a lot of `` i 'll vote ukip just to show that the major parties are all shit '' which is pretty idiotic . 
  because they 're first or second generation immigrants . 
  their parents would probably flip shit if they 'd marry a non-muslim but that happens with a lot of other immigrants as well . 
  i called their following radicals and nothing else . 
  because both parties basically blame the foreigners and it should be impossible to look past the obvious racism for any normal person . 
  kind of similar in germany . 
  i only knew 2 people in school that were not baptised but i also only knew 2 people that were actually religious . 
  all that christian stuff is kind of just what you do ( which is why so many people are baptised ) but nobody really gives a shit . 
  but many of them are first or second generation immigrants . 
  i 'm 23 and in my generation , you can already see a lot of ethnic turks being basically just tanned germans that happen to also speak turkish . 
  so are white europeans . 
  just wait for the uk election and look at the ukip results or the afd/npd results in the next german elections . 
  if you vote one of those parties you 're either an idiot or a radical or both . 
  considering that those muslims will not just stick to themselves and actually mix with the white population , `` white genocide '' in terms of `` european cultural death '' will probably so far in the future that even the ak is outdated by then . 
  firefox lacked a little in the past but i recently switched back to it and it 's really up to snuff now . 
  well , if you 're a career person , it helps . 
  or if you are from a country that is a lot worse off than the us or europe . 
  if you have family in the us , that might be an easier goal to reach than the eu . 
  there 's some in germany but in germany , the problem is more that politicians know how to shut up . 
  like , merkel is not an internal problem because she says and does some bullshit but because she does and says nothing . 
  so , stuff from your past is what kills your political career here . 
  or general stupidity . 
  like , not citing your dissertation . 
  or buying semi-legal images of naked children . 
  or making a video whilst your weed plant is right behind you . 
  yes , some people here are pretty extreme in their opinions , but that one dude that 's constantly trying to argue that your health care system is not that bad whilst everybody else with some credibility that we could possible have heard of in europe disagrees and backs that with fact is quite pathetic . 
  that 's also my biggest concern . 
  sure , you can get by with a good job , if you 're already educated and so on . 
  but what if i lose that job ? 
  what if my kids want to go to a good university ( and , as far as i know , it actually matters in the us . 
  here in germany , it does n't matter that much where you went to uni ) ? 
  sure but will ads be enough ? 
  the cpm on youtube has been cut in half in january . 
  just cause . 
  and the bbc is not google . 
  if you are not on youtube with your ads , you might as well drop the whole ads on the internet thing because almost everything except porn is on youtube . 
  i 'm not sure if the bbc could make just as much money as you could on youtube . 
  well , for once , ad block . 
  also , quality content is sometimes not really maintainable by ads . 
  youtube can do that , because even the highest quality financed by ads is usually a lot less expensive to make than what the bbc usually broadcasts . 
  everything else on youtube is either financed by google or through third party website like patreon . 
  but they could charge us then . 
  right now , i just watch the iplayer for free and pay for a vpn . 
  i 'd rather give that money to the bbc . 
  i also do n't understand why people say that europe will be more islamic . 
  i rarely see muslims that are my age that take the religion 100 % seriously . 
  if you treat immigrants right , they will just blend into the culture . 
  maybe introduce new food ( which has happened and happened before already ) . 
  600 years did the germans have a problem with the sinti gypsies . 
  then , after ww2 , my city built some cheap housing and all of a sudden , they get proper education , take ordinary jobs and just live next to the ethnic germans and there 's no trouble . 
  well , guess who made a fucking idiot out of himself today !, 
  i 'm going to link to this comment in my initial comment . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been more certain of anything than that norwegian is west scandinavian ... 
  then get your dad to provide some primary sources that norwegian is a east scandinavian language ( spoiler alert : he wo n't find them ) . 
  he has access to those . 
  language families are not supposed to provide an accurate picture of the current state of the language ... 
  they are supposed to represent the history of the language . 
  just start a thread on / r/linguistics and let the people with linguistics degrees tell you what 's going on if you do n't believe me . 
  yes , language family is assigned ** precisely ** by what the language once was .
