  there is something called police . 
  and if there is no police around , then you should n't have a wooden door or one layer windows . 
  you can secure a house pretty well . 
  also , it is hard to hide a rifle or a shotgun for illegal activities . 
  those hunting weapons could very well be legal and would protect you in your house as well . 
  also , ''  '' everywhere in the text makes you look like an asshole . 
  do n't take that personally but that looks like you 'd pat my head while talking to me like a little child that does n't know what it 's talking about . 
  yes , very silly indeed . 
  have you ever thought about the difference between killing with a knife and with a gun ? 
  i think killing with a knife is physically and mentally harder than with a gun . 
  and the homicide rate in the uk is still lower than in the us . 
  illegal guns do n't appear from thin air . 
  they get stolen or shipped into the country . 
  if you take guns away from private people , you also take away the hardest to control source for illegal weapons . 
  i really really hope the image i get from the usa through the european medias and reddit are wrong . 
  sometimes , it feels like the usa is a mixture of bavaria and the middle east . 
  i have no idea how people actually can believe that guns are not the problem and there are so many differences between americans and europeans , that i do n't even want to argue . 
  in general , it feels like most americans put their constitution over all ( which is dull since a guy from the 18th century could n't have find the perfect solutions for today 's problems ) , see a lot of stuff in black and white ( atheists vs religious people . 
  i 've never had such a conflict in germany . 
  most of the time , they take a side and ignore the other side ) and at last , republicans . 
  basically , they do n't want the poor , woman , homosexuals , black people , latin americans , foreigns of any kind and so on . 
  but you still see all of those people supporting exactly this party on youtube . 
  it pretty much feels like somebody would openly advertise for the npd which would probably end in a riot in germany . 
  but i really really hope that those people are just the louder minority . 
  i also do n't generalise people with this scheme . 
  it is pretty hard to kill somebody with a knife . 
  of course you can go straight to them and stab but that 's not very easy to handle mentally and pretty dangerous if you do n't want to get caught . 
  stabbing from the back is pretty hard as well since you are mentally not prepared to have a open fight after your victim saw you . 
  and after that all , you better hit the lungs because screaming victims are the worse . 
  pfff you can hunt pretty well with a mini gun ... 
  less legal guns = less illegal guns . 
  our ( germany ) gun laws are not strict . 
  you can get high calibre war guns slightly modified in every gun club . 
  there are over 100 ridiculous sports officially accepted which make all those weapons legal . 
  the uk on the other side does n't has such loose laws and they have 10-20 kills by shooting per year ( was a thread here a few month ago ) and we have 100 ( that 's what the zdf said ) to 300 ( that 's what the thread said ) . 
  sch\u00e4uble is probably already rolling down to him to go and look for him . 
  damn are americans so family focused or is this because of the study ? 
  a few things do n't fit . 
  educational levels are probably not comparable . 
  is there a actual eu law for guarantee ? 
  ops . 
  the german word is `` konkurrent '' and i made the wrong connection in my head . 
  thanks, 
  ms had the monopoly on pc systems since you ca n't get around windows sometimes and mac os x does n't get marketed for everyone . 
  it 's one specific brand you 're buying but you could easily buy another pc . 
  ios has android as a competitor no monopoly here . 
  [ if i ca n't see you , you ca n't see me !, 
  ] ( http://chzanimalgifs.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/funny-animal-gifs-hide.gif ), 
  we always tell bavaria to piss off . 
  cunts . 
  all of them . 
  it 's not religion that stands in the way of reason , it 's the fan club . 
  jesus , muhammad and abraham ( that was the jewish prophet no . 
  1 , right ? ), 
  would rotate in their graves if they 'd know what 's going on . 
  drinking and swearing ? 
  they actually do n't talk that much . 
  the skinny guy is a law professor as far as i know , the woman in the middle is a pretty famous ( if you can call something like this famous ) psychologist who does a tv show as well and the last woman on this side is a muslim lawyer . 
  on the other side , you 've got a free journalist ( the muslim woman ) and a rabbi . 
  the rabbi says most of the time `` it 's our religion . 
  piss off '' and the annoying journalist is interrupting everybody the whole fucking time and is just throwing old studies at them ( all this stuff about circumcision is healthy and children do n't feel pain and it would n't be that much of a big deal ) . 
  she also says that people would view circumcision always as a barbaric ritual but is the only one who uses the word `` barbaric '' well , the other side is basically saying `` bullshit !, 
  that 's why ... '' and then they point out why it 's bullshit like a boss !, 
  also , the woman in the middle ( kalwas is her name , by the way ) had a grandfather that got killed by the nazis in a concentration camp ( he was a jew ) and is pointing out that the argument of some people that germany would n't be allowed to make those kind of laws with it 's history , is stupid . 
  she , as somebody who is directly affected by the history , sees that as the worst argument possible . 
  she also says that she has a lot of patients that have mental problems because they are circumcised . 
  the law professor is basically comparing the religious believes with our constitution and says that religion has to find a way around those laws ( which would n't be that much of a deal for muslims but the rabbi was pretty annoyed ) . 
  the laws basically say that everybody has the right of physical integrity and religious freedom ( which would be taken by forcing you into a religion with a religious ritual ) . 
  the lawyer is a muslim herself and she says that the pressure she 'd receive from the islamic community would be extremely high if she would not circumcised her son ( she has a daughter ) that she would probably do it anyway to protect her son and family against bullying . 
  she basically says that religion has to stop being a collection of outdated rituals and start to become a modern way to live . 
  i 'm sorry if this sounds a bit like i 'd be partial but i 've just watched it and it makes me angry how much ignorance some people develop because of their religious believes . 
  because jews in germany . 
  mention the holocaust and you 've almost won . 
  ... first and second world war, 
  and then we bomb the shit out of both of them ? 
  you know . 
  ~ ~ i think it 's mostly europe and similar countries because the other countries ( except the usa ) are just too different to be judged by a western jury . 
  i mean asien cities are very very crowded and i do n't want to live there . 
  but if you 're used to such a culture , you 'd probably turn mad in a western city so better keep them out before you offend anybody by accident . ~ ~ all bullshit . 
  i 've forgotten that we are talking about the most secure cities and not the most liveable cities ( another list on the website ) . 
  my hometown is 5th on the most liveable cities list with vancouver !, 
  i 'd like to know how big the differences are . 
  i know that my hometown is like a green spot in the middle of a shit load of coal but i do n't think there is that much of a difference between , for example , paris and d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  i see a shit storm coming again . 
  it will be the same shit it was with acta . 
  people screamed `` acta is the new sopa lol !, 
  '' , anonymous made a pretty video full of mistakes , the pirat parties have translated this video to their native languages ( of course with a bit of drama ! ), 
  and everybody is making a big fuss about a document they have n't even read in it 's current form . 
  i 'm tired of this shit . 
  i 'm tired of this premature crying like little bitches . 
  i wo n't believe any of the stuff that gets posted here until a big youtuber i 'd call rational , neutral and ( most importantly ) qualified to make a statement is saying something about it . 
  yes . 
  i realised that after i wrote it . 
  it really depends where you are . 
  but i still hope that the southern european countries ( i think spain , portugal and greece are not that different compared to italy in the current situation ) will `` recover '' after they got through the crisis and the people realise what kind of nutters they 've elected ( i exclude switzerland now because they always have been a bit `` different '' ) . 
  in the matter of screwed up stuff i 'd say europe and the usa would be very different . 
  i just read in / r/politics the news about the republican politician that talked about religious schools and excluded the islam . 
  such thing would never be said in europe because it would be political suicide ( at least in germany ) . 
  we have other things going on americans get a shit fit about like our free speech laws . 
  i did n't want to rub salt in two open wounds =d,
