  so , technically , that would be the creation story for germans as well considering that we once believed in the same gods . 
  lol i tried to figure out if there 's a legal stream in germany and the first thing i find is a faz article called `` at least the chickens are real '' ripping the series apart for being a mixture of historical inaccuracies , pandering to the audience to be as accessible as possible ( even if that means inaccuracies ) and unnecessarily violent . 
  also , even though it 's pretty much useless as an educational programme , the director made a fuss about what kind of chicken is running around on sets ( hence the title ) . 
  a third . 
  and another third is latin . 
  also , the franco-canadians were told to `` speak white '' until a few decades ago . 
  think about what race in lord of the rings are supposed to be good at . 
  elves are really good at archery and magic , dwarves are really good at blacksmithing and finding treasure , humans are really good at being loyal and politics and war and stuff , hobbits are really good at farming and very social . 
  in rpgs , traits like these are generally represented in some sort of stat bonus . 
  the whole rpg genre came from fantasy as a fictional genre ( based on lord of the rings where races were generally good at certain things ) and dungeons and dragons as a game ( you have a character statistic which is a number value that makes you better at surviving hits or you do more damage with spells or whatever ) . 
  and video games are no exception . 
  what he or she is basically asking is : if your people were a race in an rpg like world of warcraft , what would they be good at ( which means what would their racial bonus be ) and in wow , that 's a `` passive ability '' ( something you do n't have to activate yourself in combat ) and therefore called `` racial passive '' . 
  you 're kind of missing a lot . 
  roma are not the only travellers in europe . 
  at least in germany , we also have sinti . 
  the sinti have been here for centuries and are generally integrated . 
  older generations hate them because of nazi propaganda . 
  the generation after that ( my parents ) are generally indifferent . 
  some sinti had success in the german music industry , i think , so that helped a lot . 
  people really started to not give a damn when my city built them some houses . 
  one problem with travellers is that they camp where it 's illegal to camp . 
  germany is very densely populated and it 's unlikely that you 'll find land nobody owns . 
  best case : they 're camping on public land and the rest of the population is unable to use that land . 
  worst case : they 're camping on farm land and ruin the farmer 's harvest or in stadiums and cost people a lot of money . 
  so once they had houses and stopped camping everywhere , things quieted down . 
  now to the roma . 
  travelling culture does n't mash well with western education . 
  eastern europe lost a lot of jobs . 
  so who do you fire first ? 
  the least qualified people . 
  and those are the people with the worst education and those were the roma . 
  so they started to get by . 
  and crime is an easy way out of poverty if you have literally nothing . 
  no education , no qualifications , no money , no future . 
  but not just crime helps . 
  also sticking to your people . 
  so , you have a number of cultures that evolved around poverty . 
  some are about traditions and isolation , some are about crime . 
  keep in mind that we 're talking about romania and bulgaria here . 
  the poorest countries in the eu . 
  it 's not `` poor poor '' but `` eu poor '' is still not great . 
  this is the struggle the roma people have . 
  so , let 's talk about germany . 
  the roma that come here are not immigrants . 
  they are not germans either . 
  they 're criminals . 
  those criminals just happen to be roma . 
  actually , most of the time , it 's just some poor guy sent over here . 
  but they 're not criminals because they 're roma . 
  they are criminals that happen to be roma . 
  generally , they like to scam you or do pick pocketing . 
  begging is also really common . 
  they also are a burden on homeless people support programs . 
  so , what 's so bad about that ? 
  for once , you can see that they are not begging for themselves . 
  i remember when i was in the city a few years ago , i saw a guy sitting on the street . 
  red blanket , sign , cup and so on . 
  i go to the other side of the street , same situation . 
  blue blanket , same sign , cup and so on . 
  i did my thing until the evening and i see a good car ( bmw or mercedes or something ) with a bulgarian licence plate pick up those guys . 
  in paris , i experienced something similar . 
  you go over the champs-elysees and in regular intervals you see girls sitting there just like the two blanket guys i saw in my city . 
  and you can tell that they 're different from the regular homeless people . 
  usually , they go about their day sitting there reading a book , playing an instrument if they can afford it , smoking , petting their dog , talking to other hobos and stuff like that . 
  the roma ( i really try to avoid `` those '' because i once got a lot of shit for saying `` those people '' because that 's apparently racist . 
  so if i say `` roma '' i mean the ones that are begging not all of them ) are sitting there like statues . 
  just starring into empty space . 
  then you have the strain on social support . 
  in my city , we have a newspaper called `` fifty-fifty '' . 
  a hobo can buy one for a euro and sell it for 2 . 
  50 % support the institution , 50 % for the hobo . 
  great system i usually give those guys a couple of euro and let them have their newspaper . 
  the problem is that `` the roma '' started to buy those newspapers . 
  and instead of staying somewhere on the side and sell them like anybody else , they stand right in front of supermarkets . 
  just far enough away from the door that they do n't activate the sensor . 
  and then they look at you like they want to say `` you fucker just spend xy $ on garbage and i am poor so give me money ! '' . 
  this is very damaging to the system because it gave the hobos a bad reputation . 
  for years people were really supportive of them and saw the system as a way for homeless people to make some money . 
  maybe even getting used to work again . 
  but now people only think about the aggressive roma selling those things and guilt tripping you . 
  somebody else already talked about the scamming like fake petitions . 
  and those are the people that are disliked and hated by the population . 
  i 'm not saying there is no racism , though . 
  there 's a clear distinction between roma and people like i described above . 
  racist do n't see that line ( as you probably know from america . 
  black guy shoots a police officer and the response from the racist is to buy some rope because `` dem nay-gros are acting up again !, 
  \\* sound of hillbilly spitting in bucket \\* '' ) . 
  and this behaviour is not just a problem for `` native germans '' ( or `` organic germans '' or `` potato germans '' as we like to call ourselves jokingly ) . 
  the sinti object to the central council of sinti and roma because they do n't want to be associated with those criminals either and being represented by a central council together with those guys is a huge negative for them . 
  the central council themselves have said that this is indeed a problem but not a problem with roma but with criminals . 
  there are also other scams they do . 
  like , they filmed a public place in munich or berlin ( alexanderplatz or something ) and there were roma asking for money for their sick children . 
  if you give one of them money , they tell other people on that plaza ( they spread out so that you do n't see more than one of them ) and then you get pestered by more of them until you give them money . 
  democracy  everything . 
  there 's always a good chance that the us will get back on track in the next 4 years . 
  it will be more painful and surprising in china . 
  really , if the gop keeps trump in check , trump is the best thing we have at the moment . 
  if trump becomes hitler 2.0 , we 've got problems . 
  let 's put a dynamo on his corpse for that free energy . 
  there 's evidence that the romans tried to get over the rhine for 150 years at the place where my city is now and could n't do it because the locals fucked 'em .
