  it 's one giant dialect continuum . 
  you can go through all of the netherlands , flanders , northern germany , southern germany , austria and switzerland and from town to town you 'd say `` oh !, 
  the people here clearly speak the same language as the people in the other town i 've just been in '' but if you compare the language spoken in switzerland and the language spoken in the netherlands , you wo n't ever think it 's the same language . 
  i live right north of the benrather line . 
  you can generally understand people right south of it ( cologne ) and that does n't change all that much further north . 
  in m\u00fcnster , however , it 's instantly recognisable as something that came out of low german . 
  in d\u00fcsseldorf ( benrath is a district in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  that 's where the name is from ) , we generally have a different intonation than the people in cologne . 
  we also use more contractions . 
  but that 's about it . 
  in m\u00fcnster , it reminds you a lot more of a dialect you 'd expect in hamburg . 
  sound shifts also become more obvious . 
  from what i 've heard , you were more angry with your own team than with us . 
  a lot of people felt really bad for you because we had a world cup in germany so recently . 
  being kicked out near the end in a proper match is one thing but getting fucked like that in your own country where every football fan should have the time of their life hits hard :(, 
  my father had a great time during the world cup and did n't get stabbed when we won . 
  that 's certainly positive . 
  you 're an eu citizen . 
  your american citizenship does n't matter . 
  no work visa or something like that required . 
  you could pack your bags and move to any eu country right now and never return and you 'd be absolutely fine . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  it 's not that bad . 
  a lot of them voted for the afd out of protest ( much like people on reddit say they 'd rather vote for trump than clinton out of protest . 
  also just as stupid ) . 
  sachsen is ( especially currently ) also well known for their far right population . 
  so that 's nothing new except now they actually have a chance to display that mindset . 
  it 's not like the afd caused a bunch of people to all of a sudden be horrible racists . 
  the afd is also not a right extremist party ** in the german sense of the word ** . 
  right extremism in germany specifically refers to anti-constitutional and anti-democratic parties . 
  that is not the case with the afd . 
  however , they are right extremists in the more international sense of the word . 
  so , it 's not like it 's the 1930s in germany right now . 
  but it is terrifying that the afd is getting as many votes as they do . 
  i wonder what would happen , though ... 
  i 'm not sure if people ( especially the far left ) would just take it or if we 'd see small resistant groups , raf 2.0 or just a lot of stone throwing . 
  if i would n't have to live in germany , i almost want that to happen just to see if we learnt anything from our past . 
  i 'm not advocating that people vote afd out of protest / for my personal amusement . 
  just so you do n't get me wrong . 
  you do n't get sued if you do n't disagree a kidney to your child because your right to decide what happens with your own body would trump any other right your child might have . 
  same reason why you ca n't force a woman to abort . 
  nobody has to cut you open to get child support out of you . 
  see , that 's just depressing . 
  some half-hearted snarky remarks and something that 's 100 % true  . < german universities are full of elitists and the system itself is n't much better . 
  abitur below 1.2 or 1.3 or something ridiculous like that ( 1.0 is the best grade ) ? 
  no medicine degree for you . 
  fachabitur and no abitur ? 
  no hochschulzugangsberechtigung for academic universities . 
  no master on a uni ... wait ? 
  we ca n't do that anymore ? 
  well , fuck it !, 
  how about you now need 30 credits in mathematics for a cs degree at our university ( something you generally ca n't get on a fachhochschule ) !, 
  austria is just the best option if you 're in such a situation where the system in germany fucks you over even though there 's no reason for that . 
  and it 's not just higher education . 
  some states are so elitist with their schools that the only option is moving to another state . 
  as always in europe : history . 
  i 'm disappointed that our neighbours do n't make fun of us ... 
  it 's only the poles according to this thread :( and estonia  . < no idea what they 're on about ... 
  i 'm not from the east though : o, 
  [ gon na do this again ? 
  :d ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqoifrqaeay ), 
  nope . 
  none . 
  we even use great britain instead of united kingdom in german ( so , ni is fucked for sure ) and the scots just do n't make it to the media . 
  it 's like in the uk itself . 
  everything happens around london which means that most of the news come from london and therefore , all the non-londoner brits complain about that . 
  but we would n't know . 
  we still only really get news out of london . 
  but nobody is complaining that other areas of the uk are largely ignored . 
  even the british tv shows we have take place in london . 
  midsumer murders ( is that the english title ? 
  ) : some fucked up fictional village ( well , multiple villages ) somewhere in the south where people beat each other to death all the time and fuck around like rabbits ( actually quite amusing that show ) . 
  doctor who : london or other planet . 
  sometimes cardiff . 
  mr bean : also london , right ? 
  my mother watched luther on netflix recently . 
  also uk . 
  london . 
  merlin ? 
  fictional / historical england . 
  the it crowd is also london , right ? 
  i think doc martin was running on tv as well . 
  also london . 
  misfits might have been on tv as well . 
  that 's also london . 
  films ? 
  harry potter takes place in london as well if it 's not in the wizard world . 
  or some fucked up village in the south of england . 
  there 's also the problem that you do n't dub into a certain accent . 
  there 's just no way to know for germans where something takes place in a dub if it 's not mentioned . 
  a film can take place in scotland but without the scottish accent , nobody would notice if it is n't mentioned . 
  but of course the internet teaches you all sorts of stereotypes to fill the gaps . 
  it 's really funny to compare danish to having a hot potato in your mouth just to get `` you sound like a swede ... '' as a response . 
  no i 'm not . 
  i just take mocking my european brethren seriously !, 
  still world champion though :d, 
  dude ... stereotypes of other european countries is what we do ... that 's our replacement for slaughtering each other in wars . 
  that and football . 
  no german answered yet so maybe i should . 
  dutch : bad at football .
