  i think opera is not webkit compatible so if it runs on chrome and safari , it also runs on opera . 
  but you 've got other options . 
  the developer can do whatever he pleases because if you disagree with apples business practices , you can just buy an android or windows phone . 
  what are you going to do if you are not satisfied with windows on desktops ? 
  i do n't know how the situation is on other countries but it 's hard to find pcs without windows pre-installed in germany . 
  you 've posted a link further down about apple being sued for that in the us . 
  i do n't know if that 's even possible in europe . 
  it seems nonsensical that you can sue a company for having a monopoly on their own platform which is n't in a monopoly position in itself . 
  just not that fluffy bullshit people in other countries like to eat . 
  that bread just drowns in the rest of butter/oil you used to fry the eggs in and then you ca n't soak up the egg yolk properly . 
  what bread you use is pretty much depending on your taste but i think a bread with a pretty strong taste on it 's own adds a lot to the overall taste . 
  it also makes the whole thing a lot less floppy . 
  the bread is fluffy , the egg is floppy , the cheese and ham is thin and floppy as well . 
  so a bread with a harder crust gives it a nice texture . 
  cologne is probably the best because you can easily reach other cities as well . 
  they could spend a day in d\u00fcsseldorf or aachen ( like you said ) or getting to the netherlands ( it 's half an hour from d\u00fcsseldorf to venlo and , like you said , an hour from cologne to maastricht ) and coal !, 
  berlin has a lot of history but the ruhrgebiet has a lot of coal industry related museums so if they want to take a look at another side of german history , that 's probably a good place . 
  being against gay marriage wo n't get them more votes . 
  apple has no monopoly position . 
  android is at least as common as ios . 
  it 's always about the whole market and not one platform . 
  microsoft on desktops is way more common than mac os x or linux which is why they can get fined for it . 
  strammer max that 's proper bread with ham ( sometimes smoked ) and on top of that a slice of cheese and then fried eggs on top of that . 
  we eat d\u00f6ner as ordinary fast food . 
  if you 're too lazy to cook , a d\u00f6ner is probably what a lot of people would go for . 
  d\u00f6ner seems to be too messy to eat drunk but maybe it 's just in germany where they drown the whole thing in sauce . 
  d\u00f6ner is the shittiest food you can get . 
  it 's rotating for a day in that weird oven . 
  no turk with some kind of respect for turkish food would eat that ( turkish food is fucking delicious . 
  d\u00f6ner is n't my thing because i do n't want to eat meat that basically heated for over 10 hours until all the spices are gone ) . 
  beer is everything from cheap as fuck to expensive as fuck . 
  you can get a 200 ml glass for almost 3 euro in a pub or the 20 cent `` 5,0 % '' beer ( it does n't has a name . 
  it 's just cheap beer and the 5.0 % are just how much alcohol is in it printed on the can as big as possible ) . 
  keep in mind that you pay 25 cent extra for a can that you get back if you bring the empty can back to the store so it can be recycled . 
  the beer is cheaper than that ... is beer more expensive in australia ? 
  it 's mostly pre history -  egypt -  rome -  greece -  medieval times ( nothing serious since that is still pretty early and you ca n't bother 14 years old students with medieval politics ) -  discovery of the americas by columbus -  french revolution ( very long since it 's a lot later in class ) -  beginning of the german union ( kind of long but it 's pretty boring since germany was so diverse and there is not much common history ) -  some basic ww1 in the beginning of 9th grade -  ww2 for 1\u00a01/2 years -  end of high school . 
  maybe it is more in depth if you take it in college ( college is between high school and university in germany ) but not everybody does that . 
  everything i know about colonies in africa was because another teacher stepped in for an ill colleague and could n't find the time to read and get into what the other teacher already did in class . 
  i mean , egypt , rome and greece ... why not make something like `` early civilisations '' and then reference to the different civilisations . 
  put columbus ( why should i care anyway . 
  the really important stuff that 's still relevant was done shortly before you guys thought throwing tea into a river was a good idea ) in there instead so the fun stuff gets more to the back . 
  enforce ww2 politics in college so people are actually mature enough to understand it all and put some vikings into high school . 
  or local history . 
  hell , i 'd have taken local history as an `` ag '' ( working group . 
  additional classes after school ) if there was such a thing . 
  we learn too much . 
  i do n't know shit about the german medieval times or surrounding cities ( cologne has it 's 2000th birthday in 37 years . 
  there 's a lot of history to be told in cologne ) because 1 - 1\u00a01/2 years are reserved for ww2 . 
  you actually bothered to get through 2 pages of comments to find something i said about bavaria ? 
  that 's dedication !, 
  yeah because if you do n't think an accent that is spoken at the other side of the country and you do n't like their regional drink is automatically some kind of national racism . 
  do i have to keep it to myself if i do n't like east german kartoffelsalad because i could offend somebody ? 
  do n't worry i 'm not bavariaphobic . 
  i just think you accent is weird , your beer is weird and your `` national pride '' is bullshit ( including your politicians ) . 
  and it 's funny to see bavarians getting butt hurt because of it . 
  i still judge a person on their own without thinking about the fact that they 're bavarian or not . 
  i was n't going to accuse the bavarians of having an especially brutal police force . 
  that 's just what i remember from / r/germany and that 's also why i said i would like to see some statistics about that but unfortunately , they do n't seem to exist . 
  i also do n't think that the big stories that make it into a newspaper are very common . 
  the small things are probably what would be more interesting . 
  stuff that does n't get reported because it 's not worth the hassle ( like constant controls for nothing or other kinds of minor harassment ) is probably more important for the overall state of our police force . 
  not that the big events should just be ignored . 
  i 'm still all for a separate unit that is basically acting as the `` police of the police '' without actually being police so it 's not like one cop is ratting out another cop . 
  the bka might be a good place for that . 
  a lot of the big camps where they killed people and burned bodies were in rural areas in the east . 
  the stink would have covered the whole area ( allied soldiers said in interviews that they immediately noticed the smell of burning bodies when they got there ) so the argument `` we did n't know '' does n't actually work there . 
  in the west or in big cities , it 's a bit more complicated . 
  for once , people were trying to save their own skin . 
  you could n't just tell the nazis to stop that ( see : all the resistance groups . 
  if they were lucky , one or two members of such groups survived ) or demand information . 
  people got openly executed and neighbours got taken at night . 
  if you 've got a wife and two children , saving your family was more important to the people . 
  then , you 've got to keep in mind that we look at it in retro-perspective . 
  today , if you hear the words `` war '' and `` camps '' in the same sentence , concentration camps pop into my mind . 
  back then , that was mostly unimaginable so people might have had ideas about where they took people but nobody knew for sure or wanted to believe that such a terrible thing was even possible . 
  since there was n't hard evidence for the death camps and it was unimaginable cruelty , people just did n't want to believe . 
  of course , it 's obvious that something is terribly wrong if the ss is getting your neighbours at night . 
  but if there are no hard evidence for it , your fear for the safety of your family and the rumours are unimaginable terrible , it 's very easy to convince you that the rumours are only rumours . 
  so , `` we did n't know '' is true . 
  `` we could n't know '' is bollocks since there were dangerous ways to be sure . 
  but then again , the people you 'd see today in interviews were most likely teenagers back then and while the older generations said `` we did n't know '' to cover their ass , the younger generation probably was naive enough that they actually had no idea . 
  if you hear about people getting fucked over by the police in germany , it 's mostly in bavaria . 
  i 'd like to see some proper statistics on that , though . 
  and another reason to not vote for the cdu . 
  well , you can still move to border regions . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of germans in the saarland speak french . 
  but i 'd expect other d\u00f6nerbuden to be comparable when berlin is dumping the price that much . 
  i do n't like d\u00f6ner so i do n't know what they usually cost . 
  are n't there d\u00f6nerbuden in berlin that sell it for 1 $ ? 
  same thing , right ? 
  broken guinness bottle at my throat in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  mett is made out of pork . 
  maybe from a farmer ? 
  my grandmother always gets potatoes straight from a farmer so why should n't they sell their eggs as well ? 
  what would you buy instead of eggs ? 
  and if you think about cities like la where you can find a shitload of vegan restaurants and i do n't even know one single vegan restaurant in my city , it seems like that strategy did n't work out as intended . 
  there 's only one thing you have to keep in mind when learning german . 
  do not learn dialects . 
  always learn high german . 
  most people that speak a dialect also speak high german which makes it possible to communicate outside of their own region but you 'd have to learn both and that will make it impossible to understand you .
