  the reason norwegian is so similar to danish and swedish is contact through trade and being the gold medal in wars between denmark and sweden . 
  not genetics . 
  that 's pretty much the case for every germanic language . 
  in general , indo-european languages spoken in europe have a lot of `` things '' that are just busy work to learn . 
  germanic languages went through a couple of regular conjugation patterns . 
  that caused them to have strong and weak verbs with two different conjugation pattern ( or irregular and regular verbs , as they 're called in english , since there 's really only tense that can be really irregular on many verbs ) . 
  it 's the same with plurals in german . 
  that 's also still present in english to some extend . 
  all that mess with conjugations is also a very european thing . 
  conjugation patterns as you can find them in romance languages are just illogical . 
  you simply have to learn them . 
  the problem is that european language are in a state where they are becoming more isolated . 
  declensions on verbs and nouns ( conjugations and case ) are going away . 
  the german case system is irregular as fuck as well simply because case markers are shared in a way that makes cases unusable in certain situations . 
  that leaves you with half baked nonsense that is a mess to learn . 
  japanese , for example , is a in the process of becoming more synthetic ( basically what european languages are now . 
  especially slavic languages ) . 
  currently , it 's agglutinative ( you just chain suffixes ) but in colloquial speech , those suffixes have sometimes merged giving you smaller suffixes with multiple meaning . 
  those generally make sense for now but will become as much of a mess as european languages once japanese is going away from that again . 
  ignoring the writing system , japanese has a lot less of those messy `` you just have to grind that shit '' things . 
  but that 's also why we are generally so good at teaching languages in school . 
  the basics are the same . 
  the actual `` difficult '' parts are just grinding and grinding until you wo n't forget . 
  that means you can be half awake in class and at some point , you have heard the same shit so many times that it just sticks . 
  you do n't need a good system to teach a german french . 
  you just need to repeat the differences enough so that people ca n't help but remember them . 
  for people from places where no european language is spoken , students also have to get used to all the shit we take for granted . 
  there are like 4 different constructs that would translate to `` and '' in english . 
  if you tell a german that the english word for `` und '' is `` and '' , the german knows how to use `` and '' . 
  imagine you 'd have to learn a language that is fundamentally different from your native language in a european school . 
  that is * proper * difficulty . 
  that 's the shit that would break our education system . 
  that 's also why the japanese have so many english lessons . 
  they try to beat the language into the students ' heads like we do in europe but they try to do it with a language that is so different from their 's that people would benefit a lot more from different methods . 
  i do n't even know where i was going with this ... to summarise : english is such a mess because it 's the closest we have in europe to an isolating language . 
  where french has a few conjugation patterns , english just has `` irregular '' and `` regular '' . 
  god would piss in your face if you showed up in heaven . 
   it 's just how i was raised ah yes the fundamentalist idiots ' favourite excuse . 
  man i saw a speech of higgins in the scottish parliament . 
  that man is amazing . 
  wait ... she 's a politician now ? 
  yeah because the save people that say that are also hardcore christians that care a lot about their own family . 
  just not other families . 
  wait how are you supposed to drink raki ? 
  close enough . 
  fuck that . 
  soak that breading !, 
  to people that do n't mind cucumber it just tastes like water with a little after taste . 
  people that do n't like certain food can simply taste it in anything . 
  the disgusting taste overshadowed everything else . 
  that 's why parents try to trick their children with simply putting stuff into meals and then get mad when the children figure it out . 
  to the parents it 's pretty much not there . 
  to the child , it 's the strongest part of the dish . 
  make some copies of that `` useless for military service '' thingy i got during the physical examination for military service and then prepare so that i can leave the country within a hour max just in case . 
  i mean , you 're playing with us because you 're neighbours do n't want to play with you . 
  in my opinion , if you 're part of our `` let 's outsource killing each other to football and eurovision '' - programme , you 're part of this subreddit !, 
  hell no !, 
  you drink yourself warm . 
  omg that little guy is cute as fuck :d, 
  if we talk about a scale from a couple of fingers to the elbow , i 'm sure america would feel a flexing triceps right now . 
  sort of maybe . 
  basically , the president can sign executive orders . 
  those eos are law straight away which is why people were boarding a plane in iran but were held in the usa at the air ports when trump signed the eo mid flight . 
  but the legislative branch of government can overrule those . 
  so , if congress decided that trump is an idiot , they can tell him to fuck off and he ca n't do shit . 
  he 's the executive , after all , and actually not supposed to create laws . 
  the juridical branch of government can overrule congress . 
  that 's the third check of power . 
  now , the thing is , the trump administration removed any indication that there is a juridical branch of government from their website . 
  that might be a good indication that trump ignores that check . 
  congress is sucking his dick as well . 
  so , basically , even though his power is limited , it seems like he wo n't face any opposition . 
  i think everybody does in the west . 
  including english where older texts use thou . 
  still a disgrace for our country that those shit stains might get double digits . 
  so i can subscribe again ? 
  did it really get better ? 
  man they put burning tyres on the highway to the afd parteitag . 
  imagine trump shows up in berlin . 
  dude would need more security than hitler himself . 
  yep . 
  i recently finished university and most companies i looked at had a xing account if they were a bit bigger but i have n't seen a linkedin account . 
  to be fair , people in southern china eat literally everything . 
  we actually have a real problem with that mosque thing . 
  all the syrian refugees have basically no mosque to go to . 
  they either have the very political but arabic speaking saudi communities or the more liberal but turkish speaking communities to pick from . 
  there are n't really arabic speaking communities with mosque that are as liberal as the turks or the syrians . 
  nobody here uses linkedin . 
  make a xing account . 
  i think german is one of the few languages in europe where swearing is largely about shit and not about sexual things . 
  and make others do the work . 
  for years italy and greece had to deal with the vast majority of refugees simply because dublin 2 said so . 
  i did that thing a while ago . 
  something a bit above -7 : -7 . 
  last time i saw this linked on reddit , somebody posted the little diagram you had there with ideologies marked and i was somewhat at the border between social democracy and anarcho-socialism . 
  that 's why i used qoutation marks and past tense . 
  people said `` hurp durp he is n't actually going to do it '' . 
  true i actually think hitler is a really bad example for fascism because everybody associates the nazis with the holocaust and people forget all the other things ( the things that make a fascist a fascist ) . 
  that 's why i usually port umberto eco 's definition of ur-fascism . 
  it 's supposed to describe an environment that can lead to a fascist regime and does n't really concern itself with a particular implementation of fascism .
