  means the same as m\u00e4dchen . 
  the original word was magd . 
  if you use the diminutive , you change vowels to umlauts . 
  so it 's m\u00e4gdchen . 
  the g fell out of use . 
  yeah it does . 
  every time i hear portuguese , i think `` that 's some weird ass russian ! '', 
  and then i notice some words i know from french so it 's clear that it 's portuguese . 
  langenscheidt ( german publisher ) has a language course for portuguese portuguese but not brazilian portuguese if it makes you a bit happier :d, 
  i like that people put out some minority languages . 
  makes me happy that you guys give your languages some recognition . 
  nobody will mention low german here :(, 
  well , linguistically , swiss german is an allemanic dialect . 
  but i generally agree . 
  the reason why danish , norwegian and swedish are not dialects of something like scandinavian is basically politics . 
  the swedes and norwegians do n't like the danes because of history . 
  that 's why there 's nynorsk in norway ( which is a sort of not often used west scandinavian way to write norwegian . 
  bokm\u00e5l is the east scandinavian , danish influenced version ) and why the swedes changed \u00e6 to \u00e4 and \u00f8 to \u00f6 and ck to kk . 
  basically , they wanted to be more west germanic instead of northern to get rid of the connection with danish . 
  the icelanders went completely insane and reconstructed a version of icelandic that is closer to the 1000 years old old norse than the icelandic of the 1700s . 
  at least in it 's written form . 
  they also do n't use \u00f8 but \u00f6 . \u00e6 was already in old norse , though -, 
  they do n't write in `` regular german '' . 
  they write in swiss standard german . 
  different prepositions , different spelling , different vocabulary . 
  there are something like 7 standards of the german language all with the same legitimacy and status . 
  it 's not just long sentences . 
  we like to be really complicated as well . 
  it 's so bad that my ee teacher in sixth form gave us english material because it was easier to understand . 
  the more complicated you sound , the smarter you are . 
  that 's the rule of thumb in germany . 
  all the germanic languages are really easy for germanic language speakers . 
  sure , icelandic and german can be a bit rough because they 're so conservative but as a german , i look at the wikipedia page for icelandic and say `` i do n't know why people are complaining . 
  that makes perfect sense . '', 
  norwegian feels like a children version of german and it takes a while until you realise all the nuances in the language and then it just feels like german but different instead of german but easier . 
  the only problem i 've got is pronunciation because it 's written so similar and pronounced so similar that i have problems adapting to the actual differences . 
  i ca n't get a proper norwegian r if my life depended on it . 
  i know that the guttural r is a thing around bergen but the oslo r sounds so pretty !, 
  maybe i 'll pick up danish later . 
  who knows !, 
  but your language sounds like your tongues are numb ... 
  germanic !, 
  we 've got fuck all to do with that for once !, 
  how intelligible is ancient and modern greek ? 
  considering how intelligible old and modern high german is , i 'd assume it 's pretty much completely different because ancient greek is so much older than old high german . 
  the government actually tells parents to not speak german with their children because the children learn the bad german from their parents and forget their native language . 
   the single parent that has to work to support their kid ? 
  nobody says from one day to another that they want to immigrate to country x ( lets stay with the netherlands ) . 
  start learning dutch a year in advanced then you 've got three years to get to b1 or a2 or whatever they want . 
  that 's more then enough even if you only have half an hour per day . 
  a single mother or father probably has it easier because the child has an easier time picking up the language and can help her or him . 
   the dude that received a workplace injury and ca n't leave his place ? 
  call a class mate and ask him what they did so he can do his homework at home ? 
  have you never missed a day in school ? 
   there are so many countless numbers of exceptions you 'd have to put in that the law would be subject to widespread systemic abuse . 
  bad time management is not an excuse . 
  so is n't bad planing . 
  there do n't have to be that many exceptions . 
   and the schools , are they state or private run ? 
  at least in germany , it 's private , i think . 
   if state , you 're going to need many many more people to make up for the additional 1000x people needing to learn . 
  get 's the government employee working at least . 
  it 's not like there are n't people who are qualified to teach but unemployed . 
  maybe they even like teaching and fill gaps in the proper education system . 
  who knows . 
   if private , how can you ensure they have a decent curriculum . 
  because it 's the fucking goethe-institut , university of cambridge , other highly prestigious institutions that do those classes and exams . 
   this is a populist idea in the extreme . 
  it really is n't . 
   look , i think people should learn the language of the country they move to . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
   i learnt polish and swedish as a result . 
  see ? 
  was n't that hard , was it ? 
   but i think that such a law is only there to appease xenophobes and nationalists , and i do n't think it 's practical to enforce such a law with any degree of justice or fairness . 
  yes it is . 
  many countries already have this requirement for citizenship and nobody complains because it 's common sense that you do not move to a country without trying to integrate and language is the best way . 
   plus , it is n't based on any kind of evidence that it 's a good idea . 
  so why do it ? 
  you 've got to provide some sources for that one , mate . 
  i think almost every country requires you to learn the language for citizenship so schools already exist and are already funded . 
  i do n't see a problem with limiting a law to people that are physically able to comply with it and have another choice . 
  the alzheimers sick woman has no other choice . 
  the lazy fuck from luxembourg ( taking the country that would offend the least people since it 's so small ) has . 
  you 'd probably meet more turkish people that speak german in istanbul than you 'd find turkish people speaking german in berlin :(, 
  northern europe manages quite nicely without english . 
  the norwegians understand the swedes who then understand the danes ( sort of ) who then understand the norwegian . 
  the only problem is iceland and finland but icelanders learn danish and the finns learn swedish in school . 
  foreigner is foreigner . 
  i want a frenchmen to learn german as much as i want americans or iranians to learn german ( guess who seems to be the worst at it ... ) . 
  i think alzheimers * might * be a reason for an exception ... 
  i think people here forget that a one liner is not a fully fleshed out law . 
  `` learn the language or piss off back home '' is not a law . 
  that 's the basic idea . 
  a law would clearly state about whom they 're talking about and who is an exception and what kind of visas are still available without the native language . 
  hmmm maybe it was put in place after i quit smoking . 
  i think that law never went through because the coffee shop owners got angry . 
  but it 's been a while . 
  it 's more like learning the local language from their parents . 
  i said that in another comment but the turks usually speak turkish at home while the russians and polish want their children to get their german in order first and then put them into language schools for russian/polish .
