  maybe it was mentioned but it was n't the focus of that particular unit . 
  anyway , we 've had that one author ( karl may ) writing novels about a white guy and a native american guy riding through the wild west being friends and doing awesome shit !, 
  and then some comedians made a parody about that where everybody is extremely stereotypically gay . 
  also , i 've heard that germany is one of the few countries where people give a crap about the native americans including actually having classes for navajo and other native american languages . 
  so , as a summary : we do n't know shit but we like them very much due to popular culture providing a rather romanticised image . 
  not the case in a lot of european countries . 
  since renting is very popular in some of them , you also have a lot more laws that tell a landlord what you can and can not forbid your tenants to do . 
  you ca n't get rid of walls but that 's about it in germany . 
  a lot of flats actually come without kitchens . 
  and then trump wins the gop primaries . 
  really , the fact that the gop gets close to 50 % every election makes this hard to believe . 
  this is highly dependent on the country you want to go to . 
  european higher educated is to some degree unified but only in a way that the degrees are compatible so it 's easier to study in another country or do a student exchange without trouble getting your degree / grades recognised in your country of residence . 
  apart from that , everything is different . 
  true and i think there were discussions to change that because last election , 10 % of the votes were not represented . 
  i was very young as well . 
  i do remember hearing something like that on the radio in my father 's car , though . 
  was n't schr\u00f6ders term even cut short because he lost so much support ? 
  people felt betrayed because of hartz4 and stuff like that . 
  there 's a lot of things that the spd did themselves that people did n't like . 
  well , you literally have the guns bolted to steel beams that only allow you to move the gun in the target area and half the gun is inside the whole in a wall shoot through . 
  it 's dumb but it 's culture . 
  and no , having a gun for self defence means exactly that you 'd want to shoot somebody . 
  most germans would give everything they own to a robber instead of shooting them . 
  the general recommendation for a mugging is that you give up your stuff . 
  it 's not worth the risk of getting harmed . 
  also , because of that , chances are high that a robber wo n't have a gun . 
  the risk is not worth it . 
  a gun will increase your sentence should you get caught an awful lot . 
  the better option is to just run away should people be home . 
  the idea of having only two parties seems ridiculous . 
  we only have two big parties in germany either ( well , we used to . 
  the spd is fucking themselves for a few years now ) but the smaller parties still get seats . 
  i can vote for a small party and know that my vote will be represented in some form . 
  us elections look like a choose your own adventure book with no good outcome . 
  the fact that there is so much money involved only makes it worse . 
  which ones ? 
  do you mean actual sportschie\u00dfen or sch\u00fctzenverein ? 
  because the latter is more about drinking than shooting ( which is why they usually lock the gun in place during sch\u00fctzenfest ) . 
  but if you tell people that you own guns that people generally only know from action movies or video games , people might raise an eye brow . 
  especially if you are `` off '' in some other way . 
  not , like , complete nutter sort of `` off '' but otherwise weird views or believes . 
  like , using a gun for self defence . 
  not even veterans think that 's a good idea . 
  so , if op is just your average guy , once he says something like `` i also have those guns for self defence '' , the opinion might shift from `` oh that 's cool '' to `` holy shit he 's crazy '' . 
  the first one seems dumb . 
  we do n't value our flag but it should be known that americans do . 
  i do think that it 's an odd thing to joke about . 
  the second one would get you the same reaction in germany . 
  shooting guns for sports has n't got a great reputation in germany . 
  they do seem like a bunch of pricks , though . 
  pretty sure the koreans eat dogs not cats . 
  your foreign policies are the most disagreeable thing in the world and some parts of your culture are pretty uncommon or even scary to us ( gun culture , nationalism ) . 
  however , most people should be clever enough to separate that from the american people . 
  if you were to come to germany , chances are high you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  it 's really only extremists that project their dislike for the government on the people . 
  but we ca n't really tell you what 's going on at your school without knowing what the exchange students are actually doing . 
  my father is an undertaker and had a `` client '' ( if that 's the right word ) called hitler . 
  i 've heard it 's just that most other people are even worse so we look better in comparison . 
  so we are the netherland 's poland ? 
  also our weihnachtsmarkt is full of dutch people , usually . 
  yay :d d\u00fcsseldorf seems to be really popular with the dutch people . 
  not sure why . 
  can i join you ? 
  that 's just half an hour away from venlo : o do n't leave me with the bavarians pls :(, 
  last time he came to berlin the police had a lot of work to do to keep the demonstrations away from him . 
  people were really not happy when he came to germany right after the spying got public and berlin is really not a place where you want to be as an american president right after people found out you 're doing something pretty stasi-esque . 
  because clinton is not a fascist . 
  it 's probably very similar to austria here in germany . 
  maybe even more extreme . 
  national identity has really taken a reputation hit for obvious reasons . 
  so local identity trumps national identity . 
  sometimes it 's the city , sometimes the ( historical ) region , sometimes the sate . 
  can we call it the frankish empire 2.0 and invite france ? 
  you need those orange vests that you see construction workers wear . 
  it 's for times when your car breaks down at night and you need to leave the vehicle . 
  a bit but only because sanders would be the first candidate that seemed sane . 
  ultimately , all i care about is that you do n't elect the fascist pls . 
  can we not call it that ? 
  the us is really not a good example for a federation we should try to copy . 
  i 'm for some sort of united europe if all member states are ok with it . 
  does n't need to be a federation . 
  if you bring the women as well , that 's not a problem . 
  what you want somebody who has a swedish , norwegian or danish flair to say `` i ca n't understand what the icelanders are saying '' ? 
  just look at the wikipedia articles of the respective grammar . 
  it 's obvious that those differences are not as easy to overcome as the differences between swedish , danish and norwegian . 
   also , swedish , danish and norwegian are largely mutually intelligible . 
  a norwegian might get lucky with icelandic but that 's about it . 
  also the kalmar union . 
  also the very closely connected culture ( closer than the scandinavians to iceland ) . 
  also , it 's not some secret club that gives you some sort of privilege . 
  that would be the nordic council ( or something like that ) and iceland is part of that . 
  iceland is not part of scandinavia . 
  period . 
  oh really ? 
  for us it 's annoying graduation classes from secondary school getting drunk at lake garda . 
  at least that 's what we 've done in 10th grade ... 
  netherlands , sweden , norway , denmark , finland , ireland ( maybe ) , belgium ( maybe ) , uk ( maybe . 
  if you do n't fucking leave us ; _  , iceland ( maybe . 
  not sure how fun a country with 320k people can be .
