  there 's a newspaper homeless people can buy pretty cheaply and then sell it again . 
  i only give those people money ( and leave the paper ) since i 've seen 2 beggars getting picked up by a car pretty expensive car . 
  but even those papers are now sold by gypsies . 
  but it 's quite obvious who 's a gypsy and who 's not . 
  the gypsies usually stand right in front of super market doors looking at you like they 'd go for your throat if you do n't give them money while everybody else is usually standing somewhere next to the door where they do n't disturb people and they usually smile and are polite . 
  so our doctors piss off to the uk and norway or other countries where they do n't have 14 hours shifts and you guys come over here ? 
  they focus on the fact that you 're not finnish because they want to get you talking . 
  talking about something you know is easier than talking about something else . 
  in germany universities , you 've got technical english as a subject for one semester . 
  to have a focused class , you get categorised according to your english abilities . 
  the people that are in the a1 courses ca n't really talk about technical stuff though . 
  so while half of my grade was a presentation of the enigma machine and how it works in english , half of their grade was a presentation of their home country simply because most of them are not german but african/asian and it 's something that gets people talking and they usually feel comfortable talking about that because it 's what they know . 
  it also starts discussions because people that come from a country close by might be able to compare and tell what 's similar to what somebody else said . 
  this is the reason why they focus so much on that . 
  so you start talking without doubting your knowledge because you ca n't be wrong as a native . 
  that 's the thing i do n't understand . 
  why do n't you just say `` i 've got italian heritage and this is how we do it : < whatever  '' and then the others are like `` well , but what 's traditional american food '' and you say `` well , our country is n't really old enough for proper traditional food and people usually stick to what they know and my grandparents came from italy so my parents got a lot of italian food as children so they cook similar and so do i '' and the others are like `` wow that 's so interesting '' and maybe some italian is saying `` well , how do you do spaghetti '' and you 're telling him how you do it and he 's like `` wow that sounds delicious . 
  my grandma would probably beat the shit out of me if i cooked spaghetti like that but i 'll try that ! '', 
  and that 's what 's supposed to happen !, 
  this is how you teach people languages and this is what the school is aiming for . 
  yeah but it 's not like you can just say `` sorry , i really want to learn finnish . 
  would you mind speaking finnish instead of english ? 
  i 'm never going to learn it if everybody switches to english as soon as they hear my accent '' and be done with it , right ? 
  culture . 
  if you tell a brit who did something not as intended at work like you 'd tell a german , he or she might break down in tears ( there are an awful lot of `` i 'm british and immigrated to germany '' blogs that talk about this ) because we 're more direct than you guys . 
  you 'd say `` you know , it 's all fine but i thought about it again so how about we try changing x '' after having a casual conversation to upper the mood . 
  in germany , you boss comes to you and says `` well , i had something different with x in mind . 
  the rest is fine . 
  please change that '' but because you brits sugar coat everything , the brit things he fucked up royally even though he did n't . 
  so , you can predict that a brit , because he 's british and how you guys do things , might not handle that very well . 
  i know i was trying to display my dominance !, 
  look up the pal\u00e4stinerlied . 
  oldest german song where we 've got the melody as well . 
  maybe something easier for people that know a bit about the japanese writing system : \u30ad is the katakana `` ki '' which looks an awful lot like the emblem on the slova ** ki ** an flag . 
  we can . 
  i said `` for us '' as in `` we from d\u00fcsseldorf '' . 
  goethe is one of those national people i 've mentioned after that . 
  private trackers are a bad idea . 
  i do n't understand the technology well enough but german solicitors have said that they get clients who torrented from private trackers regularly . 
  the problem is that you 're organising yourselves with the intention to do criminal stuff which will get you in an awful lot of trouble . 
  which also means that my windows are covered in beer at least once per year and any kind of breakable thing in front of the house has to be replaced every few years because some fucktard things it 's funny to smash them / cover my windows in beer :(, 
  that 's the small thing behind vennhausen full of old people : /, 
  which district ? 
  i hope you realise that you still need a visa for anything but russia . 
  we actually had a `` how to deal with conflicts '' thing in secondary school where the dude said that the time you can look at somebody without potentially provoking him or her ( so i suppose it 's the same time after which people who do n't want to punch you in the face consider it staring ) is half a second . 
  how 's that in other countries ? 
  well , why do we stare ? 
  the only instance where i could imagine myself staring at somebody would be when he or she is doing something i consider rude . 
  for germany , i 'd say there is n't somebody who did something for the whole country . 
  it 's much more localised . 
  for me in d\u00fcsseldorf , it 's probably adolf v. von berg . 
  after the battle of worringen in 1288 , which was the last and most brutal battle of the middle ages in the region , he granted d\u00fcsseldorf the city rights for the involvement of the d\u00fcsseldorfer in this war against this dirty colognian archbishop . 
  in literature , it 's certainly heinrich heine for us . 
  but there are more well known people relevant for the whole country . 
  the brothers grimm started the whole science around german . 
  not to forget is also luther who standardised german through his translation of the bible and printing said translation . 
  of course the people that resisted the nazis are pretty high up there . 
  that 's what comes closest to a national hero , i 'd say . 
  hans and sophie scholl are famous for that . 
  i do n't want to mention schindler because he was born in austria-hungary . 
  in literature , i 'd say siegfried in the nibelungenlied is the biggest hero figure . 
  yeah because it 's literally of no use . 
  once you 're in the schengen area , you need no passport but you need to cross the irish/uk border to get to the schengen area . 
  so the irish had to chose between having border control when you go to ni ( do n't know if there 's a way to get to gb from roi ) or getting from gb to mainland europe . 
  since the latter would include the first option anyway , they went for the passport free border crossing thingy with the uk . 
  yes but they did n't say when and the cdu and csu ( especially the csu ... ) will do everything they can to delay a law that legalises gay marriage . 
  yeah we have that as well but it did n't do much more than hiding the grammar exercises . 
  the last 2 years in school were more like `` have that article from the bbc website and do stuff ( writing a essay or something ) with it '' . 
  you actually learnt interesting stuff but in english . 
  there are also modified versions of books . 
  i 've got the body by stephen king in a 70 pages version , 2300 different words ( upper intermediate ) and in british english ( because that 's what we learn here ) . 
  this is fun . 
  it was a fun book appropriate for my age in that time that was not too hard so i did n't get frustrated or too long so it did n't feel like homework . 
  but we did that once . 
  i think you could take more of those as an optional thing but who would do that next to english homework that suck anyway ? 
  it 's like getting more homework without any benefit . 
  now that i 'm older , i like this `` let 's learn how to say what just so we can hide the grammar exercise '' . 
  it 's the perfect mixture of usability and structured grammar learning stuff for my more logical orientated cs major brain but in school , that was just boring shit because i did n't give a damn about any language . 
  edit : i just thought about my english lessons again and the only stuff i actually remember was interesting stuff that just got thought in english . 
  i remember stuff about australia and america when we did the whole english dialects stuff or school systems in the uk and us compared to our system and this sort of thing . 
  but i do n't remember anything else . 
  only the stuff that was more bound to one specific topic that was interesting . 
  the only reason i speak english is because i had english lessons for 9 years and got lucky with the teacher in the last 2 . 
  english lessons were basically meant to beat the stuff into your head so that you pass exams . 
  that was enough for me to get the hang of it in the last 2 years . 
  but i never enjoyed it . 
  you just hear stuff by accident without even listening and after the 20th time , you do n't forget it either ... english lessons were n't fun at all except for the last 2 years . 
  i think it does n't look much different for german lessons in the uk . 
  we 're taking you from the inside this time , bitches !, 
  well , you can have multiple eu citizenships . 
  that 's a problem with the system in general and not `` the mean immigrants that steal my tax money '' . 
  fixing a broken system also fixes the problem with leeching immigrants . 
  you also have to talk to companies the arbeitsamt suggests you and you 've got to make courses that would kind of push you up a bit ( you know , like doing a course in office stuff so you are not useless in front of a pc ) . 
  that 's does n't work that great either but it 's better than `` uhm i applied as an electrical engineer at siemens but they wanted me to have a masters degree but i only have an apprenticeship as a ware house worker so they did n't take me '' `` ok , fine , here take your welfare we do n't give you by cheque because nobody has uses cheques in this country for at least 25 years '' . 
  i do n't really see a problem . 
  if you ca n't prove that you looked for a job , you do n't get hartz4 anyway . 
  so they might get hartz4 like every german citizen as well , but as well as with any german citizen , they also lose it again if they do n't look for a job . 
  then use `` infanta '' . 
  i do n't know why you 'd have to translate things you ca n't translate . 
  english is usually pretty great with taking words from other languages so why not `` infanta '' ?
