  ( also i 'm joking with the plugging ... ), 
  looking at this thread : because you 're rude as fuck . 
  before i read the thread , i thought it might have been because of bush . 
  the whole world hated you for that . 
  because berlin is a shit hole . 
   the one at the bottom of the hill is polish ; he 's waiting for the red light to turn green . 
  we do !, 
  i suppose your people were busy ... 
  kinda `` meh do n't care '' . 
  but our karneval traditions are still partially based on the time the rheinland was french . 
  at least you have two rounds so people do n't go `` meh he 's ( or rather she in your case right now ) not going to win anyway . 
  i do n't need to vote '' and then shit hits the fan . 
  the only people i know that play exclusively on consoles are people that play fifa and cod every now and then and that 's it . 
  everybody else owns a pc . 
  also , most of our `` nostalgia '' games are pc games . 
  what 's final fantasy 7 to americans is gothic to us germans . 
  that just made me want to learn irish . 
  i saw higgins speech at the scottish parliament after brexit . 
  he seems to be an awesome dude . 
  do it . 
  just for the memes . 
  lol, 
  yes geographically . 
  not sure about culture . 
  what you hear a lot is that there 's s huge difference between rural america and metropolitan america but there is n't as much of a difference between the different places apart from the usual like food . 
  and our minorities generally kept their culture more alive . 
  and we also have cultural differences between cities that come close to nyc vs la. 
  i 'd say it 's at least somewhat similar . 
  yes . 
  no throat cancer with the flemish . 
  i head flemish and think `` that 's dutch '' and then i hear the dutch guy and think `` ah no !, 
  that 's dutch !, 
  gggggggggggggggggg '', 
  we have pretty much nothing to measure volume except a measuring jugs that gives you grams for flour and sugar as well as water . 
  sometimes you have older recipes that ask for cups ( like , actual cups ) or something like a tea spoon of salt but if it 's more than that you 'd use a scale . 
  everybody has one and it 's used for anything . 
  we do n't have measuring spoons of whatever . 
  yup . 
  that stuff is awesome . 
  does n't czech sound like you 're trying to be cute to poles ? 
  or was that the other way around ? 
  people from cologne got whipped by us almost 700 years ago and are still salty . 
  also , k\u00f6lsch looks like piss . 
  basque . 
  by far . 
  finnish and hungarian and estonian are `` weird '' as well but they 're weird in the same way and i do n't think you can have a language be considered `` the weirdest '' if there are 3 related languages spoken on the continent as well . 
  basque is just there . 
  it 's assumed that it 's a language that shares a common ancestor with languages spoken before the indo-europeans arrived in europe and they just got lucky that they could n't get fucked by the ie and the romans and such because of the terrain in the basque country ( quite mountainous ) . 
  but that 's it . 
  that 's all we know . 
  we also know that it changed at some point quite drastically ( since there 's a proto-basque language ) but nobody knows of any related languages or even exactly where it came from . 
  it 's one giant mystery . 
  it 's also quite weird in the way it works which does n't make it simply foreign by genetics but also very foreign in general ( unlike japanese and korean which are also not related at all but are very similar ) . 
  like , i think it 's save to say that you 'd have an easier time learning hebrew or arabic than learning basque . 
  not to me but you guys are everywhere in germany . 
  i think other slavs usually find your language a bit weird . 
  krumme !, 
  do you know those `` girly drinks '' ? 
  those that are full of sugar and taste like artificial fruit and you do n't even taste the alcohol ? 
  imagine something like that but made not to get people white-girl-drunk but to actually create an awesome product . 
  it 's sour cherry liquor that actually tastes like liquor with sour cherry . 
  i love it !, 
  http://www.duesseldorf-netz.de/165/duesseldorfer-schnaps/krumme.html maybe you can google translate that . 
  also , look up `` altbier '' . 
  there 's a lot and a good chunk of them are quite good . 
  f\u00fcchschen and schl\u00fcssel and \u00dcrige are considered quite good ( google for f\u00fcchschen alt and schl\u00fcssel alt not just f\u00fcchschen and schl\u00fcssel because that just means little fox and key ) . 
  or the brexit vote considering the daily mail and sun have fed the population propaganda since the uk joined the eu . 
  good . 
  i saw angry lefties , some anarchist and antifa logos and fire . 
  maybe you will finally create an actual political left . 
  i think you underestimate how outlandish the gop is to us . 
  it might seem crazy to you but to us having an american president that won with racism , promises to torture and commit war crimes and to fuck over the world if he wins just is n't as crazy as it might be to you . 
  it 's unusual but not unthinkable . 
  just look at how many people are saying that this just confirms stereotypes we already had . 
  and during the primaries , a lot of people thought that bernie is going to win and trump has no chance but once bernie was out , i was a lot more quite with my opinion on reddit because trump gives people what bernie would give people just on the right side of the political spectrum . 
  oh yeah that 's not worrying at all . 
  dude we invented fascism . 
  we know . 
  she was sucking up to the right wingers and old people . 
  also , google translate is garbage for german . 
  oh you were but we do n't like violence most of the time . 
  lol taking the piss like that is all we do . 
  good people like you are the reason why americans have a shit reputation internationally . 
  but that 's not actual rugby . 
  you see rugby on tv and people tackle the shit out of each other but then you 're just going to boop your opponents ? 
  that 's boring . 
  also , somebody will go to far and just ram somebody into a wall . 
  at least that 's what we did with flag football in pe class . 
  teacher not looking ? 
  bam you eat dirt . 
  or concrete . 
  not italian but now that you put that thought into my head , it works quite well . 
  maybe not how both approached the election ( again , not italian . 
  i got every information through the filter of translation ) but considering them as people , it works . 
  that 's actually pretty awesome . 
  can somebody link some songs that fit to the different eras ? 
  i listened to sido and stuff in school but that 's all the experience i have with german rap . 
  also , is there something like a guide to german rap ? 
  there are a few websites like that for electronic music that just go over what changed in a certain genre in certain periods and give some examples . 
  that was super interesting but i 've never seen something like that for rap especially not german rap .
