  well as far as i know [ americans in the south call their elders and parents sir and ma'am ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wac5lfc9ptk ) which is unthinkable in germany . 
  then what else ? 
  your boss ? 
  well i ca n't really talk about that because i ca n't compare germany with other countries . 
  i 've seen people that would bend over for their boss as well as people that had a very friendly relationship to their boss with almost no authority at all . 
  also , it 's kind of ridiculous to call germans the most brainwashed people when you 've got posts and comments on reddit that talk about people that refused to treat cancer because fox news said they should n't support obama care or american soldiers who see some kind of patriotic duty behind their military service ( i remember some guy in a thread here calling the military a brotherhood and basically glorifying killing people to an extend that made me fell sick ) oh and do n't forget the crazy people putting religious authorities over the welfare of their children or the north koreans that worship their dictator like a god . 
  and i can almost hear the angry people writing angry comments like `` you are just generalising you cunt ! '' ... 
  well ... 
  if people would stop generalising i would n't have to show you how stupid generalising is . 
  i see it like a tax for idiots . 
  you ca n't resolve that little problem on your own ? 
  well have fun paying a lawyer to make a judge giggle in disbelieve . 
  well they get quite good in the later years but from the first to 10th grade , it was basically a waste of time for me . 
  i think d\u00fcsseldorf in germany was pretty high in one of those charts posted here on reddit . 
  600k people , the rhine flows right next to the old town and we 've got a nice mixture of parks ( or other nature stuff ) , city life and quiet districts . 
  but i 'm born here and lived here my whole life so better wait until somebody else says the same for an unbiased opinion . 
  in west germany ( north rhine westphalia . 
  highest population by far but not as big as others ) , you 'll find people in small towns as `` normal '' as people that live in big cities because the small towns are still just an hour away ( by train ) from the next big city . 
  in bavaria ( largest state but not nearly as populated as nrw ) you 've got a lot more space between villages or towns . 
  they are a lot more isolated which results in less influence from outside . 
  i think i 've watched a documentary about bavarian villages once and some still practise exorcism . 
  not as open and public as they did decades ago but it still exist . 
  i think the `` worst '' thing we did to immigrants in the near past was to not pay them unemployed assistance of they have n't worked here for 2 years ( which was required for germans before as well ) . 
  bavarians do n't even like other germans . 
  if you have a different accent , people can get very impolite very fast especially in smaller towns . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  proof . 
  do you really think that people forgot about that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that a lot of people think that the italians have those problems because berlusconi rather spent all his money on under aged hookers and private parties than govern the country . 
  so why should the new president be any better ? 
  rational speaking , nobody gives a damn about berlusconi anymore but this thread 's not about rational reasons . 
  it 's about what people think and people do n't think `` we should n't bail out italy '' they think `` we are more positive about the irish than south europe '' and why do they think that ? 
  because stuff like this sticks like a fly on a pile of dog shit in peoples mind . 
  i 've explained that somewhere else in this thread but ca n't be arsed to look for it . 
  just use the search function of your browser ... 
  do n't start overreacting because you were born here ( and you 're not a politician so nobody cares anyway ) . 
  i 've never said that i think like that . 
  the topic is that germans are more positive about ireland than the other bailout states . 
  the stereotypes are why ( and by the way there have been enough south european redditors who have said that there is a lot of corruption . 
  i 'm not pulling that out of my arse ) and that 's all i 've said . 
  i 've never said i 'm in charge and i never want to be in charge . 
  i do n't want to see europe to fall apart and , even though the greece were a bit extreme , it 's not the fault of the people if politicians and the rich people are corrupt bastards and hide their money because they do n't want to pay taxes and it 's definitely not the italians fault that berlusconi thought 18 years old girls have too rough hands . 
  and i do n't have a problem with bailing out spain and portugal . 
  but that 's what you hear from the south and from other countries , you only hear about corruption . 
  that thing started 1997 and according to wikipedia , it was actually something against corruption while the only thing you hear from greece is that the bribes went down because nobody can afford the old `` prices '' . 
  probably because they do n't print merkel with nazi uniform in the newspapers and their pm does n't bang under aged girls and hides behind immunity then . 
  also , i ca n't remember any big corruption scandal in ireland . 
  you 're welcome . 
  he is still guilty of offending somebody ( it sounds way less hard in english than in german ) and lying to the court can increase the penalty ( like a confession decrease the jail time so does hiding everything and lying about everything increase it ) . 
  the judge could easily say that he does n't get fined because he was in a hurry and it was the last parking space , it was n't that much of an insult , the witness was n't that trustful and it is questionable if the insult was as offending as the suing party tries to tell the court and so on and on the other side , the personality which came to light in the lawsuit as well as lying to the court can increase the fine even though it was n't a particular hard insult . 
  personality can be a very important thing in such matters . 
  if the sued party does n't show any kind of sorrow at all , the penalty can also be higher . 
  personality can be a reason for not getting a drivers licence . 
  if you speed with 60 km/h over the limit and tell the judge that he should grow a pair and that you knew what you were doing , you can bet your cute ass that you will never drive something faster than a bicycle in germany again . 
  that 's of course an extreme case but the principle is the same . 
  edit : after ww2 we germany became pretty paranoid about what people are saying . 
  if somebody would actually bother , half of those kind of laws would probably be changed a lot because they do n't fit to the language and the general behaviour ( which also includes suing everybody for everything ) anymore . 
  best example is the law that gives us germans low violence versions of games ( \u00a7 131 stgb ) . 
  this case is basically a mixture of a pissed off judge and outdated laws . 
  in a normal case , the judge could just not fine him at all because it 's not enough of an insult but since that guy has hidden financial information , the judge got a bit pissed off which results in being fined as much as he could . 
  it is not illegal to call somebody an asshole in germany what is an illegality to insult somebody ( does n't matter in what way ) and if somebody sues , it goes into court . 
  if the guy who got called an asshole is offended and has witnesses , he can argue that it was offending . 
  in a normal case , the judge would probably be much less hard . 
  he 'd probably work with the parties to get to rule that out in private ( which is a legal solution for civil illegalities . 
  i did that when i was 13 ) and give the guy a lot smaller fine or just said that it was n't enough of an insult in general in this situation * . 
  but if that idiot is hiding shit loads of money because he is n't man enough to stand up to what he has said , i 'd judge the living shit out of that case as well ... * i do n't know if that 's the ordinary case in other countries but a german judge is only bound to the law and his conscience . 
  so the judge can easily not fine anybody for such things if he thinks that it 's right . 
  it 's like when a 15 years old guy get 's caught with weed which he only sold to his friends and used for himself ( but the amount is considered proper dealing ) but does n't get a lawsuit because that would ruin his life . 
  and so could the judge here say that `` asshole '' is not enough of an insult to justify the normal rate for insults and do n't fine him at all . 
  and a word can be offending and if somebody sues , it goes in front of a judge . 
  if the man would have provided proper information about his finances and apologised , the judge would probably have said `` man up and get out of here '' and nothing would have happened . 
  nobody calls it `` wichsen '' anymore . 
  of course you still wax stuff but you do n't call it `` wichsen '' because , exactly like `` gay '' , the meaning of the word has shifted over the last decades from `` waxing stuff '' to `` jerk off '' . 
  a lot of people still have those small pronunciation shenanigans going on but as soon as karneval starts , i 've got big problems what people on the television are talking about . 
  yep but nobody says that anymore . 
  i had to giggle hard when i 've read that you say `` wichsen '' in the meaning of `` to beat somebody up '' =d `` wichsen '' means `` to jerk off '' in the rest of the german speaking world . 
  i can confirm that we just call everything you say and we do n't understand `` swiss german '' . 
   and we have a lot of different dialects . 
  you can easily tell if someone is from basel , bern or zurich ( but i guess that 's the same in germany too ) . 
  20 minutes by train . 
  i ca n't understand a proper spoken cologne accent but i recognise it . 
   junger  dialekts your swiss german is leaking =d, 
  i think that 's how it should sound ^ ^, 
  yep hamburg is in that region . 
  but big cities tend to have their own dialect . 
  the north west of germany is is pretty accent free . 
  i do n't know anybody at my age who still speaks the local accent ( d\u00fcsseldorfer platt ) so it can extinct in germany at least . 
  do n't know about the netherlands . 
  that probably counts for the old german luther has spoken but i ca n't understand bavarian people . 
  today , if you did n't grow up with an dialect , it can be really hard to understand them and the traditional dialect have a lot less in common than it had 500 years ago . 
  we tried but the allies did n't let us ... 
  probably both and copy pasted from facebook . 
  i actually feel very uncomfortable with the attention . 
  i think that too much attentions leads to power hungry politicians that forget the people too fast . 
  i 'd much rather have the eu as some kind of club where we all can travel between the countries and be friends and shit . 
  we all know each others strength . 
  no need to expand into the rest of the world . 
  more power brings more problems . 
  better use the power to give small / economical weak countries support to expand easily beyond their borders ( like giving dutch people easily the possibility to work in germany if we want to stick to the people rather than the economy ) rather than making europe big and a super nation like the usa . 
  i 'd like to be the product if i do n't have to pay for it .
