  of course i 'd also never do any sports with this sort of weight because i 'm way to self conscious for that either . 
  and i think that 's a big thing as well . 
  people that have been overweight for a long time are afraid to show that and are ashamed ( like you said , overweight people do n't want to be overweight ) . 
  so when they hear stuff like `` exercise is required to lose weight '' , they panic and drop the idea of losing weight . 
  or they start working out and then drop it again because every time they 're in the gym they get even more self conscious . 
  there was a post on reddit about a personal trainer who had a lot of those as clients . 
  he then wondered why that is and thought that he ca n't help his clients properly if he does n't know what they 're feeling . 
  so he became fat . 
  only for a few months . 
  even he was ashamed to get back to the gym . 
  and that 's why i said that `` eating less is all it takes '' . 
  if that puts you off , you do n't need to do that . 
  what actually got me going was that dude from an article also linked here in the thread . 
  he lost weight even though he mostly lived off of twinkies and shit like that . 
  i mean if he can lose weight with eating an awful lot of sweets just staying below his calorie limit than i get do that with the stuff i eat as well . 
  like i said , you need to be mentally and physically healthy . 
  otherwise you 've got problems that need to be taken care of first . 
  well , of course , that 's a problem as well and they should be able to get help for that ( either on the nhs or , in my case , the gesetzliche krankenkasse . 
  just like any addiction should be ) . 
  but some people ( like myself ) are just lazy . 
  i always thought i need to hit the gym . 
  you do n't . 
  i just dropped the soda , only order food on cheat days ( like 2 in a month ) and already dropped 15 kilos doing nothing but paying attention to what i eat and how much i eat . 
  and i did n't even change my diet . 
  i eat just enough for breakfast and lunch to get through the day ( comfortably . 
  i 'm not eating just enough to not pass out or something ) so i can eat something i really enjoy for dinner . 
  i 'm not a big fan of fat shaming but eating less is all it takes . 
   do you have any experience with automoderator ( / r/automoderator ) , css or the mod toolbox ( / r/toolbox ) ? 
  i have working knowledge in css ( 2 and 3 ) meaning that i could do anything i want with css but i might have to consult a documentation or reference every now and then . 
  i also wrote [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/langlearncsstest/comments/2fwgjs/css_test_for_translations_and/ ) as a suggestion for / r/languagelearning ( but nobody cared ... ) i have no experience with automoderator or the mod toolbox but i usually do n't have problems getting into those things . 
   what timezone are you in , and when are you generally on reddit ? 
  i 'm on reddit every now and then during the day and then more regularly after 6 until i go to bed . 
   what is your favorite/least favorite thing about / r/europe i like that we also have a cultural exchange between europeans ( and the occasional american ) next to news and stuff like that . 
  the brigades are not that pretty . 
   what could be implemented to make it better ? 
  disabling downvotes in the css . 
  that 's probably the best thing you can do . 
  not allowing posts and comments from accounts that are not at least a few days old . 
  i think automoderator can fake shadow ban , right ? 
  so banning people would mean that they ca n't just create a throwaway and come back . 
  i think that would generally make the community better . 
   what would make you a good moderator ? 
  i like that we have our place here that 's not dominated by americans ( also the reason why i stuck around in / r/worldnews for a long time even though it was n't that pretty in the end ... ) and have therefore also a big interest in keeping the community fun and enjoyable . 
  also , since i know css , i can do more than the general community management . 
  i do ** not ** have any experience as a mod . 
  i 'm a mod of / r/germanimmersion but that subreddit never took off . 
  so apart from a few conversations in modmail , i did n't do much . 
  it actually was n't a few hours ago when i was first in this thread . 
  maybe / r/european woke up . 
  how is duckduckgo compared to google ? 
  like , did you notice any drop in `` successful searches '' or did you have to work your way through more shit than with google before you found what you were looking for ? 
  that name is really missing a `` go '' . 
  like , if i say `` duckdurckgo '' a second go almost comes out automatically . 
  ff has it to some extend . 
  you get the same google functionality chrome has by actually using the search text field but if you just type something into the url bar that is not an url , it automatically uses your default search engine . 
  so does ff you just need to enable sync, 
  there are countries in europe where this concept is implemented quite well ( germany and i think sweden has it as well ) . 
  if you want underpaid , uneducated workforce , take them as apprentices , educate them , and you 've got your own professional ready to go . 
  but they do n't . 
  the fines here do n't hurt the rich people but hurt the poor people . 
  you give poor people a worse punishment than rich people . 
  so how is that any of your concern if they ca n't get to the uk ? 
  this is literally a non-issue for the european island nations . 
  let the schengen area deal with it . 
  we 've got the problem . 
  not you . 
  and i would rather deal with refugees than having border control in the eu . 
  edit : i also like the reply you got to that other comment . 
  they are supposed to stand in refugee camps in italy . 
  but the italians ca n't deal with the load so they send them off to other countries ( unofficially , of course ) . 
  if the eu starts to manage refugees properly ( keep them where they arrive , get them to other countries instead of just letting them wander off ) then that problem resolves itself . 
  getting rid of free movement will fix the symptom but not the cause . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure you could send them back to italy . 
  since there is no way for them to get to the uk without having been in any other eu country , you literally do n't have to take any refugees except if they somehow managed to get into the north sea without touching eu land before that . 
  edit : also , you have nothing to do with that anyway . 
  those refugees are not eu citizens . 
  you can refuse every single one of them just based on their passport . 
  there are no eu visas only schengen visas . 
  there are no borders anymore ... calais is the first border they encounter after they entered italy . 
  that 's the thing they should n't even be able to enter the uk since they 're asylum seekers . 
  that has nothing to do with free movement . 
  usually , the italians should keep them all in their country but that 's obviously not going to happen because italy ca n't take care of 90 % of african refugees the eu gets . 
  that has nothing to do with free movement . 
  we should just ban every account from posting that is not at least 5 days old . 
  the camps outside the channel ports prove shitty execution of current law and nothing else . 
  in theory , refugees should never be able to reach the uk except if they somehow managed to sail around spain , portugal and france . 
  in theory , most refugees should stay in italy . 
  of course , the italians have none of that because they 'd pretty much be the only ones dealing with refugees then . 
  if i remember correctly , somebody posted a blog of a syrian refugee in / r/germany . 
  he came from syria through egypt to germany . 
  i do n't know how common that is but i 'm sure it 's not that much of a problem for north africans to get to a country that 's not on fire at the moment and all the other africans need to get to the coast anyway . 
  not really what you were looking for but maybe still interesting . 
  https://open.spotify.com/artist/7plecbahcbntwb2isynlgx here 's more, 
  if you have a huge boom for western-like rappers , what are russian rappers like ? 
  does it ? 
  the northern dialects should be much closer to dutch . 
   the european parliament has approved a resolution `` to recognize the armenian genocide '' a century ago by ottoman turkish forces . 
  it 's here as well . 
   and that `` it would go in one ear and out the other . '', 
  and here .
