  because you have to treat eu citizens like locals but the eu does n't care about how you structure your nation internally . 
  if i moved to scotland for studying , for everything but elections , i 'm scottish ( restrictions apply since the uk gets special treatment ) . 
  but you 're still english if you move to scotland . 
  nobody tells the scots how to treat other brits . 
  so they make you pay . 
  oh you should come to d\u00fcsseldorf or cologne for karneval 11am on a thursday ( altweiber for the locals ) in february . 
  i get to the old town . 
  first thing i see : girl in very skimpy cloths full of vomit hitting on me . 
  2 minutes later , some girl stumbles across the pavement almost crashing into me drunk out of her mind . 
  she looks at me and says `` redhead ? 
  not in my bed ! '', 
  and stumbles off . 
  and this goes on for a week until the wednesday after . 
  i live right next to a baggersee and the southern side has an fkk area but the northern side is prettier so the southern non-fkk side is usually empty and food carts are then only on the fkk side . 
  so if you want some chips or a drink on the southern side , you 'll stand there with your cloths being judged by some fat dude with skin like leather and a cock ring . 
  well , still works . 
  * you are the swamp germans * the danes are the flat germans * the swedish are the gay germans * the norwegian are the fjord germans * the austrians are the mountain germans * the swiss are n't german . 
  they 're just weird * the belgians are the waffle germans * the poles are the vodka germans * the czech are just czech . 
  such a fine taste in beer needs its own place now somebody update the maps !, 
  i do n't like the swamp german thing either though . 
  only have a few because it 's generally not a problem with any foreigners . 
  one that stands out happened in school . 
  i think i was 14 or 13 or something like that . 
  we had class in another room and some dude forgot his jacket . 
  his jacket was in on a table in the middle of the room and it 's a pretty good spot . 
  the teacher knows that you want to hide from him if you sit in the back of the room and he thinks that you give a shit if you sit in the front so the middle is perfect if you want to be left alone . 
  anyway , i pick up his jacket , put it on the table behind me . 
  then the dude ( 2 years younger than me . 
  pole ) comes at me after school . 
  * `` hey , why did you touch my jacket ? '', 
  * `` because i wanted to sit there . 
  it 's not like it 's going to break if i put it on another table , right ? '', 
  * `` do n't touch my jacket again asshole ! '', 
  * `` yeah , yeah '' * `` show me some respect ! '', 
  * `` fuck off ... '' * `` you 'll regret that ! '', 
  the next day , there were 5 or 6 of his polish friends beating me up in school . 
  also , a few years ago , i was in the city drinking and 3 dudes came to me . 
  i heard them speak polish before they talked to me ( i do n't speak polish but i can hear the difference between polish and russian and those are the biggest slavic minorities in my city so i 'm pretty confident they were polish ) and they asked for a cigarette . 
  i said that i do n't smoke . 
  their response was `` what do you mean you do n't smoke ? '', 
  bam fist in my face `` give me your phone ! '', 
  generally , `` non-white '' minorities in my city are loud and rude and maybe want to intimidate you . 
  but it 's the whole macho honour bullshit . 
  they 're not actually out for trouble and just walking past them wo n't get you beaten up . 
  however , if you piss off a white guy ( including other germans ) , if they want to come at you for it , they 'll come . 
  and usually with 5 friends . 
  my father lives on the edge of a low income area ( quite weird . 
  the area he lives in is pretty expensive but it used to be quite poor so as soon as flats or houses get sold , they get demolished and expensive homes are built because it 's so close to the city centre and you can get a good amount of rent for it . 
  but that also means that the lower class people are very close by ) and my step brother , who lived their all his life , says the same and generally , you have germans or other white people acting like fucking family clans where some guys and their brothers + a million cousins are generally making trouble . 
  that starts in school with stealing your football early on and ends with beating people up and drugs . 
  you do n't really hear much from the muslims except the macho bullshit . 
  this is a giant generalisation , of course . 
  we also have a district that is mostly poles and russians and it 's a very nice place with cheap flats and very quiet . 
  great place to raise a family . 
  and cheap . 
  i just find it quiet funny that you see a lot of poles and other slavic people being pretty loud against muslims when people from where i 'm from probably would n't make a difference between them and muslims . 
  in fact , a bigot will probably not care at all and just hate them both equally . 
  no but neither are the muslims . 
  except if you think that feeding me with sucuk is killing me with obesity . 
  actually , if we can consider ordinary violence that does n't lead to death instead , the poles are probably ahead of the muslims . 
  actually i 've had much more problems with polish immigrants than muslim immigrants . 
  lol no, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/healthcare_in_moldova  the moldovan state has a universal health care system . 
  that 's why !, 
  but other romance languages were influenced by non-romance languages as well . 
  even romance languages borrowed word from latin that got lost over the centuries . 
  like , imagine the french find some lonely island and get themselves a new colony . 
  the people on that island pick up the french word `` week-end '' which is a loan word from english . 
  those people took it from french but the word itself has n't got latin roots . 
  and especially with french , that is pretty important . 
  northern france was kind of weird . 
  the romans did n't really have the resources to get their shit together properly up there ( which is why britanny is still celtic ) and germanic people invaded what is now france as well . 
  so you have so many influences of other languages in french that chances are high that you actually did n't take a word that existed in latin . 
  also , meaning is also important . 
  you might borrow a word from french that is 100 % latin but used to mean something completely different in latin . 
  if you had borrowed that word from latin directly , the meaning in your language would probably very different . 
  yeah . 
  yes . 
  all of europe is the `` western world '' for me . 
  that 's what i said ... 
  because we can . 
  switzerland is weird though, 
  see ? 
  did n't get a word of that . 
  pretty sure marx and engels used both terms interchangeably in their manifesto and differentiating the two is more something that happened later to separate left political parties from communists . 
  [ lord of the weed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4fsbgvrls8 ) [ waiting for nefarian back in classic wow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_ex1a1ilpk ) [ 1kg mett ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9g4x7lnr18 ), 
  pep is a cheap speed . 
  no idea why that guy says pepps . 
   english !, 
  french confirmed !, 
  ( no space between words and punctuation in english ), 
  maybe beutel for bag . 
  there 's no such thing as proto german . 
  same with german states . 
  the situation in catalonia and scotland is basically nationalism as a goal and not as an ideology . 
  if scotland becomes independent , the snp would literally be a centre party like any other . 
  i feel like it would probably keep cultures alive because you 'd have to guarantee that the individual cultures are protected for people to not flip shit in the first place . 
  so people like the breton or the basque would probably benefit from a superstate more than the current situation where france and spain are n't really giving a shit and the eu is like `` no , no , no !, 
  be nice ! '', 
  and that 's it .
