  clogging our streets with their fucking caravans !, 
  lots of weed , lots of hookers . 
  french : still think we 're nazis ( in theory , you could add that to everybody ) . 
  get pissy when we do n't speak french . 
  bad at football . 
  brits : ugly men , even uglier women , loud tourists , get undressed as soon as the clouds disappear for a minute even if it 's still 5 \u00b0 c. 
  bad food , warm beer ( fucking savages ) , bad at football . 
  italians : still think we 're nazis . 
  bad at football . 
  spaghetti and pizza . 
  swiss : grumpy mountain people that are slow as fuck . 
  poles : thieves and drunks . 
  the slavic stereotypes were actually taken serious not that long ago which is why i find it so funny when poles or russians complain about refugees because what they say about them is literally what people said about slavs a few decades ago . 
  also , we have that stereotype that slavic women are crazy . 
  at least i think i 've heard that sometimes . 
  like , `` i 'm gon na fucking cut you '' crazy . 
  spanish : vacation . 
  lazy . 
  brits steal our islands !, 
  everything on the british isles that 's not english can be replaced with english stereotypes . 
  they do n't really exist for stereotypes . 
  if us politics would be a harem anime , sanders would be best girl but clinton is the one that just fits the system and is therefore the most likely ultimate love interest of the main character once the show has ended . 
  trump is that annoying character that is only in the series so people have somebody to hate and whine about on social media . 
  charlemagne was the emperor of the frankish empire , though , which is very different from the holy roman empire . 
  i 'm not aware of any particular origin stories . 
  we were just ... there . 
  i think my city was french for a good while . 
  but in summary , we just sat there watching other people failing to cross the rhine to invade us and then boom german empire -  weimar republic -  third reich -  federal republic . 
  because nobody trusts you in the dark, 
  that 's only the ticket price , though . 
  they charge you for everything . 
  still quite cheap , though . 
  you 're basically getting the bare minimum with ryanair and similar air lines . 
  depends on where you are in the city . 
  i see everything from 30 to 80 square metres for a flat and 75 to 120 square metres for a house . 
  that 's in d\u00fcsseldorf , germany . 
  schengen means that once you are in the eu , there are no border controls . 
  that also means that you only need one type of visa since it 's not possible to countries like germany to prevent people from entering through france , for example ( so , even if you do n't have a visa for germany , getting to france and taking a train would allow you to enter the country without a visa check ) . 
  however , that also means that you do need a visa for non-schengen countries . 
  so if you 'd need a visa for every european countries and wanted to do a round trip through europe , you need additional visas for the uk , ireland and switzerland . 
  schengen is not enough in that case . 
  the eu and eea provide freedom of movement of labour , capital goods and services . 
  this is what gives eu citizens the right to work and live in other countries . 
  this also allows me to order from amazon.co.uk , amazon.fr , amazon.es and amazon.de with just an increased shipping fee since there is no customs between inside the eu/eea . 
  if i ordered from amazon.co.jp or amazon.com , i 'd have to pay those as well ( i think amazon actually takes a custom insurance or something like that ) . 
  basically , schengen = no border . 
  eea/eu = ghetto version of citizenship in other eea/eu countries . 
  yep . 
  i think for that you 'd have to go to frisia where the dutch dialect is influenced by frisian . 
  but a good chunk of dialects spoken in the netherlands and belgium are further away from standard dutch than afrikaans . 
  i mean ukip looks like a populist party so they probably either die or become very niche . 
  ordinateur is actually ibm 's fault . 
  that 's what they called their first pc marketed in france . 
  it 's like germans call a pc sometimes rechner ( literally calculator but we call calculators taschenrechner meaning pocket calculator ) . 
  in germany , i never had a bad experience with british tourists . 
  they know how to shut up on the train which is something not everybody seems to understand ... 
  i once overheard a couple on the train ( they were whispering ) talking about how there 's a lot of concrete ( that was somewhere in the ruhrgebiet so they were n't wrong ) and the guy was then talking about how the ruhrgebiet had a lot of coal industry so they also seem to be knowledgeable about the areas they visit . 
  now ... 
  i 've also been to majorca ... at least we are not the only ones who 's national shame can be found on that island . 
  you hit one of those sweet spots that make this subreddit twitch . 
  people in some of those countries have been fighting ( civil ) wars for centuries to not be swallowed by other people so saying that they 're less different than 2 us americans makes some people jump . 
  and considering how often americans on reddit say that europe is just a giant blob of white , it 's not even that far off to interpret your comment like a lot of people did . 
  i do . 
  quite a lot ... 
  i feel like atzen are the new assis . 
  it 's kind of like chav in the uk which used to be something people called other people and then idiots started to call themselves lads and now that 's the new `` fuck those guys '' thingy . 
  atze is kind of like that . 
  it 's actually not that problematic if you go through it step by step . 
  of course , looking back it at , you 're like `` wtf ! '', 
  but schools prepare you quite well for those times when you have to pick a branch for your further education . 
  like , i got my fhr on a berufskolleg ( like a uk college ) but i was also very close to getting the qualification for ahr after the first semester ( too lazy to study , one grade off ... ) . 
  i could do booth on that school so the school enrolled me in the fhr programme but i could have switched to ahr quite easily . 
  so , if something is confusing or there is no obvious choice , you 're usually not left alone having to deal with that shit without any help . 
  that makes it a bit easier . 
  text would be nice . 
  i think for the flair itself , just use what fits to you . 
  do you consider yourself british or belgian ? 
  could you provide a point of few equal to the one of somebody who was born in the uk or belgium ? 
  if not , i 'd take french . 
   how does your country manage the costs ? 
  specifically regarding colleges , my german coworker has described to me how there 's three `` levels '' of what we call high school , and you can only go to what we call college if you finish on the top track . 
  the system is a bit more complicated than that but actually quite easy . 
  i 'm gon na use nrw as an example state because the education system is slightly different in other states . 
  at first , you have 4 years of primary school . 
  in year three , you get grades for the first time . 
  after the first semester of year 4 , your teacher recommends you to a school system . 
  those are either hauptschule , realschule or gymnasium . 
  all three of those lead to their own degree after 6 years . 
  hauptschule was meant to be the school for people that do manual labour and pick up trades and they therefore only have those subjects relevant to those jobs . 
  however , if you do well in year 9 , you can do `` 10b '' which then gives you the realschule degree . 
  the realschule is meant for service work . 
  of course , the system is quite old and realschule is also needed for certain trades . 
  in general , you can get trade degrees for stuff that would require you to go to uni in the us . 
  for example : you can get an electronic engineering degree that only focuses on a certain part of ee like automation . 
  after year 9 on a realschule , you get the hauptschule degree . 
  if you do well in year 10 , you qualify for college ( not university !, 
  different things in germany . 
  it 's much closer to the uk 's version of a college or sixth form ) . 
  and then we have the gymnasium . 
  this is focused on academics .
