  they see the few easy things they can do now like banking and phoning people for free but apart from that , they see angry people shouting about leaked documents . 
   so do n't oppose something until it 's further along the way ? 
  more like `` do n't oppose a mist of nothing '' . 
   we are criticising on a web forum no , you 're hanging on to a misleading title and a few lines of vague text plus two leaked documents who could be changed by now . 
  you 're not criticising . 
  you 're looking for every straw you can reach to express your disapproval of the eu . 
  like i said . 
  it 's exactly like / r/politics which is mostly like `` lol look what bullshit romney said again '' and i 'd like to see / r/europe being a place of information and news rather than circlejerking . 
   you think people should n't even comment about it negatively on the internet . 
  i actually think that people should stay to facts and hard evidence and not to speculations about conspiracies ( and i think `` they want to take our freedom !!!! '', 
  as a response to `` well , we might want to try to cut terrorism communication without violating your freedoms but we do n't know how yet '' is a bit overkill , is n't it ? ), 
   maybe you like the policy though . 
  i 've opposed every stupid internet thing politicians tried to implement . 
  i also know that the project will most likely fail but shouting at politicians that try to do stupid stuff never worked before . 
  let them come up with an idea . 
  present the facts ( that excludes shouting `` you just want to monitor our internet traffic ! '' ), 
  everywhere you can on the internet and protest against it . 
   the people have the last say on everything in a democracy , it 's not there for the political class to give away to europe as they have in so many countries . 
  please tell me how the french people rejecting the constitution and then getting it anyway in the form of lisbon was democratic . 
  i 'll wait for a reply , but feel free to slither off to whatever undemocratic hell-hole you came from and not come back . 
  the `` undemocratic hell-hole '' i came from actually rejected acta . 
  the eu is not a political instance above the nations like the national government is a step above the states . 
  the people vote represents who should decide on behalf of the people . 
  that sometimes works but sometimes it does n't as we might have intended . 
  acta was breaking german constitutional law and therefore , germany did n't approve of acta . 
  if the french politicians thought it was a good idea to ignore what the people wanted than that 's a french problem but not a problem on eu level . 
  of course that 's the problem of the system . 
  if the national governments do n't do what they were elected for , then the whole system breaks down but that 's not the failure of the system but the failure of the people that run it . 
   those type of insults do n't work against eurosceptics anymore , maybe you missed the memo . 
  that was n't an insult . 
  that was an observation . 
  you 're not just eurosceptic . 
  like i 've said above . 
  you hold on to every little piece you can find to oppose the eu without reasoning as it seems . 
  being sceptical is the best thing you can do and is the duty of every citizen but you 're not dealing sceptical . 
  you 're dealing with speculations . 
   also my country did n't devolve into a fascist dictatorship like yours did because we opposed stupid ideas like this one early rather than saying `` disapproving comments on this policy will have no effect '' . 
  i do n't ususally support making war references but when it comes to a german saying `` everybody it 's nothing to worry about '' to a proposal by anti-democratic forces to get internet censorship capacity it 's a little too juicy . 
  if i was a conspiracy nutter i 'd say you were defending the program by running interference here , but the truth is you are just a sad hollow husk of a citizen who does n't know what democracy is . 
  ant there 's exactly the point why you 're an idiot . 
  also , please only use quotes if you quote me . 
  you 've started the war references right after my first comment and i have n't said anything like what you 've quoted here . 
  yes , i know ... and that 's probably why those plans will fail or can get prevented by protests like we did with acta and sopa . 
  that thing is not worth more than shit i 've written in 1st grade since they 're not discussed by the eu and the member nations right now . 
  they could throw that completely out of the window by tomorrow . 
  it probably did n't even cost a 10th of what they 've already invested into curving out sopa and acta at this point . 
  the maximum they will come up with is probably the same mechanism we 've got for telephones right now which would be mitm attacks or direct access at the provider ( which works for your phone as well ) by court order . 
  and of they have those plans ( and i mean proper plans ) then feel free to riot . 
  making a fuss based on leaked documents is not a good way to show stupid politicians how good the internet is . 
  yeah because communicating via tcp sockets is the same as talking and writing ... that document does n't even have any ~ ~ legal ~ ~ political power right now . 
  edit : legal was probably the wrong word . 
  political would be better since legal would mean that it 's already too late . 
  it 's about terrorist communicating ... we already listening to their phone calls and stuff like that . 
  the document talks about the goal to protect freedom of speech while taking actions against terrorism . 
  the whole point of that thing is to not affect the citizen in a negative way . 
  since it 's not open to the public ( at least not the leaked documents posted here ) , it 's most likely not a finished concept . 
  the title is also not `` just fine '' . 
  the title indicates that we got another acta , sopa , whatever coming and that is definitely not the case right now . 
  it is n't even close to being a bill nor is it as extreme as sopa or acta . 
  `` cleanit - project to stop terrorist communication over the internet '' or even `` possible censorship of the internet by blocking terrorists communicating '' or if you want it extreme `` eu tries to hide censorship behind war against terrorism '' which still would n't be true since there are no evidence for that goal whatsoever . 
  feel free to add a '' ( possible censorship ) '' behind the titles that are not indicating that to your liking . 
   citizens should n't dicuss the activities of their future double-plus-good federation ? 
  you should n't make a big problem out of one shitty document that does n't affect us right now at all . 
   or are you conceding it 's already so undemocratic that we should give up ? 
  the citizen is represented in the eu by the democratic elected government who always have the last say on everything . 
  you sound like a conspiracy nutter . 
  i hope you know that . 
   citizens should n't discuss how technocrats planning on an undemocratic superstate are using our money to fund vast surveillance and censorship plans ? 
  where are you getting the super state thing from ? 
  and who says that we 'd stay with the old system if we 'd take the control from the government and give it to the eu ? 
   i 've plenty of history books , i do n't think it 's me that 's in dire need of one . 
  then read them . 
  it is a stupid sensational title about nothing useful . 
  eu politicians are not elected . 
  as long as the governments do n't have to decide something officially , we ca n't do anything . 
  also , telling each other how bad the eu is on reddit because of a nonsensical document achieves nothing whatsoever . 
   you should know by now not to leave it too late from your own history . 
  you should get yourself a history book . 
  still no reason to get a shit fit over that document . 
  at least wait until there are actual bills the member states have to agree on ... 
  it is written all over the documents and the linked page that this project intends to stop terrorists communicating without censoring the internet ( or are our internet freedom as it is described there ) . 
  instead of using a sensorial title , you could probably start a proper thread with proper content and a proper title to start proper conversations . 
  this is not bloody / r/politics . 
  edit : before more people shit themselves : i am not welcoming those planes in any way . 
  i was just ciricising the title of the post since it 's not what the document actually says . 
  it 's more of a `` well , we might think about stopping terrorists communicating over the internet but we do n't know how yet but we will definitely try to defend your freedom '' and that 's why this title is sensational and misleading and reflects / r/politics perfectly in a way i would n't welcome on / r/europe . 
  so does driving and i 'm not complaining . 
  is n't icelandic the language that 's still so original and unchanged , that you guys could read hundreds to thousand years old texts ? 
  seriously ? 
  if that 's true , i 'm jealous . 
  there are no stupid questions . 
  only stupid answers and downvoting is one of them . 
  auto correction in the most evil way ( `` not '' instead of `` now '' ) . 
  i did n't realise that if you talk about `` we '' , you were talking about bavaria . 
  so i did n't realise that you 've said what i 've said . 
  it looked like you 'd talk about the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich in general instead of the actual situation that bavaria was one of the receivers and is now one of the givers . 
  i was trying to back your point a bit more but misunderstood your post and then fucked it up because i want to type on a train without read my post again . 
  no sane person would ask you for money and they most definitely would n't say that you 've stolen the money . 
  if we say that the greeks should pay back their debts , we 're talking about the government and not the lower class . 
  there have been plenty of documentaries about the lower classes in greece which focused on the rising poverty .
