  oh my god i do n't even know where to start . 
  well , germany ( the other german speaking countries are excluded , obviously ) has 1 big dialect groups . 
  low german and high german . 
  low and high are related to the hight of the land so low germany is in the north since there are no mountains and high germany is in the south / middle . 
  high german can be split into middle german and upper german . 
  upper germany is the south of germany . 
  low german and high german are officially considered different languages . 
  politically , they both are german but they are so different that it 's not possible to understand proper spoken dialect if you do n't live in the region . 
  low german is very close to dutch . 
  if you only take low german , you could say that low german and dutch are only different dialects of some other language who then evolved into different ways . 
  i live in a region which still has some traces of low german in it 's dialect even though it 's mostly a rhinisch dialect so i hear a few words in dutch that i know from my grandparents who speak the local dialect . 
  they also speak some frisian in the north right next to the dutch border . 
  middle german and upper german are basically what the standard high german evolved out of because the luther bible was written in a very early version of modern high german . 
  it 's 500 years old and i can read it almost fluently . 
  it 's more middle german than upper german , though . 
  well , you might think now that only 3 dialects is n't much but those are not dialects . 
  those are dialect groups who could be considered different languages ( i do n't have any papers to link now but the general rule is that if you can understand people after a few days , it 's a dialect . 
  you ca n't do that with low german ) . 
  each group at least has 10 `` mundarten '' which could be translated to `` way to speak '' . 
  with austria , switzerland and ( because of the close connection to low german ) the netherlands , german has 53 of those mundarten . 
  probably 35 or 40 only in germany but that 's not easy to say . 
  it 's not easy to say because in the south , mundarten overlap between the countries . 
  upper german is a lot closer to austrian german or swiss german ( there are clear differences between bavarian and baden-w\u00fcrtemberger dialects ) . 
  but mundart also does n't mean dialect . 
  each damn town has it 's own dialect . 
  i live in d\u00fcsseldorf and every year when it 's time for karneval again , you 've got comedy stuff in the local dialect of d\u00fcsseldorf or cologne on the tv . 
  the d\u00fcsseldorfer dialect is easy to understand for me . 
  i ca n't understand a damn word in the dialect from cologne . 
  you drive 20 minutes with a train and the dialect changes in a way that you do n't understand anything . 
  it 's still a dialect , though , since you can get into it if you 'd make the afford . 
  there was a film that played in times where dialect was a lot more common . 
  it played in cologne and one line in the film was a small girl that says `` oppa , lure ! '', 
  which means `` grandpa , look ! '' . 
  everybody who watched the first version of that film thought the girls said `` opa lorenz '' ( that 's a name ) so they changed it to something more common because everybody outside of the region around cologne would n't understand the film . 
  i 'd love to just give you a number but i really ca n't . 
  depending on population density , there can be an unimaginable number of dialects in one mundart . 
  the diversity of today 's german territory caused a lot of diversity in the language as well . 
  it 's impossible to make a clear statement about your question . 
  austria and switzerland is the same thing , i 'd imagine . 
  i ca n't understand a damn thing of swiss german . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  it 's white noise in my ears . 
  same with austrian dialects . 
  good thing we all have some kind of standard german that makes it possible for us to communicate in german but i 've also heard about people from rural switzerland who talked to germans in english because it was easier . 
  to be honest , it 's not like eastern europeans do n't actually have problems with gypsies ( not roma . 
  it has nothing to do with their race but the way they live ) . 
  i remember people talking about getting robbed on a regular basis and getting attacked by armed gypsies just for the heck of it . 
  most people involved in that ( especially if they 're on reddit ) do n't have anything to do with the things that happened in the past . 
  i know from a polish friend that it 's very common that gypsies send their children on the street to beg instead of sending them to school . 
  i ca n't talk about how they behave in west europe , though , since wild camping and not sending your children to school is illegal in germany only roma ( now i talk about the heritage again ) who do n't want to be involved into the gypsy culture could live their lives here without legal problems . 
  i never had bad experiences with those people . 
  german politicians are old little twats who do n't understand the internet . 
  i thought the `` rubber for the internet '' was bollocks but that 's just stupid . 
  ninja edit : rubber as in eraser and not condom . 
  that was a tool that should allow you to delete pictures from the internet . 
  openvpn is already on auto start . 
   well sure they all contributed but the us was clearly the biggest factor . 
  maybe . 
  that depends on how you measure contribution . 
  the russians were facing a bigger army , lost more men and actually reached berlin on their own . 
  the polish did crack the 2 of the 3 ( army , air force , navy ) enigma encryptions . 
  i think they could n't crack the navy codes . 
  the british ( turing , to be specific ) made the enigma useless and developed another encryption the nazis found that was so good that the nazis did n't even try seriously to crack the encryption . 
  the british work was based on the polish work . 
  so if you talk about lives saved , the combined work of the british and polish is leading here . 
  if you talk about brute force , the americans lead . 
  but they joined last . 
  if the british had joined last or the australians or canadians , would that mean that they were the important part of defeating germany ? 
  i 'm not sure if the americans would have got out of that war as well as they did if they were attacked by the nazis is much as the other nations were . 
   really ? 
  you seriously think there would be any wars between eu members if it did n't exist ? 
  there were thousands of years of war in europe . 
  at any given time , there were conflicts somewhere . 
  just look at old european maps and how the borders have changed . 
  those borders did n't change just cause . 
  they mostly changed because of war . 
  if we had continued as usual after a war , it might end in some more conflicts . 
  and even if you think about the fact that the usa has put a lot of money into the german economy after the war to rebuild the country , it was n't a us only thing . 
  a lot of germans give the french a lot of credit for giving us the saarland back ( which had some coal which is why the french got it in the first place ) . 
  the russians released the war prisoners as soon as adenauer went to russia . 
  that could have ended differently as well . 
  we could just start pissing on each other again instead of working together . 
  nobody knows if shit would have hit the fan somehow but the eu was one step into the right direction . 
  or the russians or the british or the polish or the canadians and so on . 
  if it 's about keeping peace after ww2 , it 's probably an achievement of the whole eu . 
  nope . 
  i was just tired . 
  i stutter a bit on `` s '' , though , so that might be something to consider . 
  do n't forget that they gave turing the basis for his work to crack the enigma machine . 
  i 'm confused . 
  not even that . 
  gypsies and roma are 2 different kinds of things . 
  you 'd say roma if you were talking about the ethnic group of people and gypsies if you were talking about actual gypsies ( who are not that common in germany since wild camping and not sending children to school is illegal ) . 
  germans from the lower german dialect region ( north of d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  the east is probably too influenced from east european languages for it to work ) can understand a lot of dutch and some words are basically the same . 
  it 's always fun when i hear words i know from my grandfather ( lower german dialect ) from a dutch person . 
  what the fuck ... 
  i 'm german and i had to say it 3 times before it sounded kind of right ... 
  it 's the other way around in germany . 
  you 've got research based bachelors or practical bachelors but the master always goes more or less into research .
