  it 's not quality entertainment but some people just do n't want quality entertainment . 
  it 's just objectively worse but europeans also watch bad american films ( resident evil ) that make almost no money in the us so in the end , it 's just personal taste . 
  you have wine and baguette as stereotypical french food and you go for cheese ? 
  do n't take the last thing that makes the dutch great from the dutch :d, 
  cheese ? 
  we 've beaten you again , french people !, 
  / r/de is in german . 
  if i 'd want to see germans talk about crap in german , i would just go on facebook . 
  we actually do that / r/germany is in english and / r/de in german . 
  and our let 's players suck . 
  it might sound cool if you ca n't speak german but it 's just silly talk for the sake of saying something while filming the 750s episode of let 's play minecraft ( i 'm looking at you , gronkh , you little bugger !, 
  examples . 
  you ca n't just say `` much more '' and then just name one example . 
  and die welt is also published by axel springer and is not writing stuff that goes against the interests of the axel springer ag . 
  would you immediately put die welt readers and bild readers together ? 
  do n't forget the highways which all of a sudden lead you to german cities for 50 % of the trip . 
   every time i go to church that 's the thing . 
  everybody i know was in church for their baptism ( obviously without remembering it ) then their conformation and communion and then only for weddings . 
  people mostly just do n't care . 
  the conformation is basically like christmas . 
  people celebrate it just cause . 
  and weddings are traditionally in a church but not because of religion but because it 's a romantic setting even though i could n't give a damn about that . 
  when i told my family that i want to leave the catholic church to save church taxes when i 'm out of university , the first response from everybody was `` but then you ca n't marry in church '' . 
  what is there in the uk in addition to the sun and the daily mail ? 
  and the bild is still more popular than any other newspaper in germany . 
  and people who buy the bild are also buying express . 
  quite optimistic / stupid to expect an english statistic about the unemployment numbers in france . 
  the only difference between the countries that use dmy is the separator so it 's much more the `` non-american '' format rather than the british format . 
  it 's important to note that most european countries have baptisms as a tradition and not necessary for religious reasons . 
  almost everybody in my class in school was baptised but nobody believed in god and neither did their families . 
  bild and express are not much better than the sun and the daily mail . 
  i remember 1 or 2 rich people ( mostly b-celebrities ) who got into prison for tax evasion . 
  that was in germany , though . 
  my mother works in a german supermarket and they always use the `` i do n't have change for that '' excuse . 
  maybe it 's different in the netherlands . 
  they have to . 
  money is money . 
  they 'll most likely tall you that they do n't have enough change but they actually just do n't want to open the black box which is a box in the little thing where the cashier is sitting in where they put everything above 200 $ bills in . 
  edit : that only counts for germany . 
  it 's not an eu law or something . 
  i 've never seen a cheque in my entire life . 
  as a german , i 'm staying as far away from greece as possible even though i 'm whiter than white . 
  what have they asked you that you felt like they wanted you to skip your holiday ? 
  germans are askers . 
  we 've got some nice phrases like `` fragen kostet nichts . '', 
  ( asking does n't cost anything ) . 
  but is n't that just politeness ? 
  i mean , i would n't say `` can you bring me a beer ? '', 
  if a friend of me is getting up but rather `` would you mind getting me a beer in your way , please ? '' . 
  at least that 's what i 've learnt in school . 
  if you ask people something in english , make the sentence long so it sounds more polite . 
  guessers seem to be more that kind of people that just do n't like to ask for stuff at all and just try to get the stuff they want offered . 
  like , `` damn , i always have problems finding fitting skiing shoes for rent '' and then they want the other person to say `` well , we 've got the same size so why not take mine ? 
  i think the only acceptable tv show in germany is tatort which is basically crime solving stuff with less shooting . 
  is running for ages . 
  do n't know if it 's available in english . 
  tatort is a bit more action filled than [ midsomer murders ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/midsomer_murders ) in the uk . 
  my mum loves that show and i 've got to say , it 's kind of funny to have the tatort situation in a english village setting filled with murder and incest . 
  also , it 's kind of refreshing to a ) have police people without guns and b ) do n't see police people complaining every second episode that they might get fired because they fucked it up . 
  most of the time , the murderer is killing 3 or 4 people more before they get him and sometimes , they 'd kill themselves before the inspector could actually catch him . 
  not everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . 
  the other thing is scandinavian crime films or series . 
  holy shit !, 
  you do n't here much about scandinavia here in germany but that stuff is just brilliant . 
  if the situation should terrify the viewer , it actually terrifies you . 
  it is meant to disgust you ? 
  it will disgust you . 
  rape scene in the first millennium trilogy film just made me physically sick . 
  i mean , all rape scenes make me feel uncomfortable ( as they should because ... you know ... it 's rape ) but that scene was damn hard . 
  is tatort available in english ? 
   also , easy for a german-as-a-second-language viewer to understand . 
  because it 's american apocalypse or ww2 documentaries translated to german . 
  nobody will fiddle around with grammar just to make it sound more fancy or more german . 
  at first , most of the nazis are dead . 
  what you mean is called `` neo-nazi '' . 
  get your terminology right because you look like an idiot if you do n't . 
  secondly , at this point the most upvoted comments are the people that are whining about how bad this thread is . 
  not a single up voted comment with not justified or unreasonable criticism about religion . 
  so please , quit your whining . 
  you 're burying it because you 're an idiot . 
  if that would be any other case with any kind of european culture , we 'd still talk about that and who the person is and in what he believes and so on . 
  in fact , since most people here are european , we 'd probably make inappropriate jokes about the country it happened in ( fritzel ) . 
  now , since this is a muslim woman who has beaten his son to death for not learning the qur ` an , this is all of a sudden a reason to not talk about the person ? 
  integration goes both ways . 
  i 'll treat a muslim child murderer like i treat a european / christian child murderer . 
  down vote the racist comments and not a completely fine piece of news . 
   it was a lot harder for me to understand them we all feel like this ... 
  :( we 're not rude ... mostly ... except bavarians ... 
  i 'd like to know what kind of rude behaviour you 've seen in germany , though . 
  i 'd go for the west if you want to see more than berlin . 
  you 've got france , netherlands , very close together and you 've got more cities to see in germany . 
  great . 
  could you please open some restaurants around d\u00fcsseldorf ? 
  i have yet to find good spanish food . 
  come the balls on ... 
  damn bavarians are ruining everything for us ... again !, 
  you have a pretty big mouth for such a small country :d, 
  but we 'd get rid of bavaria . 
  you really want to put the countries that tried to invade britain together ? 
  i disagree that we ca n't properly say what hate speeches are and what not .
