  i do n't know how much you can trust your bank but i 'd prefer them over anything i can do online and cheaper just because i know they do n't want to screw me over . 
  yeah i know that it 's actually decreasing in britain which is why i 've said `` most of us '' . 
  i still want to know where the idea comes from . 
  are we now playing the `` master race europeans '' game because most of us are bilingual and the americans not and some people want to show off or are people actually thinking that the majority of us speaks 3 languages ? 
  the whole idea is bullshit . 
  i do n't know why people think otherwise ... did we become so clever in the past couple of years that all of a sudden everybody is speaking 3 languages ? 
  i do n't know about your country but in germany , most people speak french because they had to in school and latin was way worse . 
  most people do n't bother after they 've graduated and would never be able to read a proper article from a legitimate news website . 
  and in general it would make everything much worse . 
  as you 've said you need 3 versions of the article or somebody who makes a summary in english but even then we ca n't be sure that it 's an accurate summary . 
  have you ever tried google translate with german ? 
  it 's probably easier to learn a language than to understand the shit google vomits into your face . 
  only at the border of germany . 
  there are so many germans that it 's worth the effort to learn german since dutch is very similar to german and it 's not like you 'd learn totally new grammar and words . 
  bollocks . 
  we do n't have official religions . 
  the states ( not even the federation ) can decide which organisations count as `` k\u00f6rperschaften \u00f6ffentlichen rechts '' ( you could translate it to `` organisations of public right '' ) and berlin for example follows [ that ] ( http://www.berlin.de/sen/kultur/bkrw/koerperschaften.html ) criteria . 
  any kind of official religion would break constitutional laws . 
  we are not a christian nation . 
  we are a secular nation . 
  was he such an idiot before ? 
  i mean that would pretty much be political suicide here but that 's germany ... 
  i do n't know if you brits are as sensitive as we are about that topic . 
  if you 're talking about the flood in east germany a few years back , that was illegal . 
  i think it was the minister of defence who just deployed helicopters without caring about the consequences . 
  there also were people who demanded him to resign . 
  i think they just want to make sure that they have everything they can get legally available if such a flood happens again . 
  well being hated for being a strong economy is still better than for ww2 . 
  what does rich mean ? 
  does it mean engineer rich or ceo rich ? 
  well i know who wo n't be mayor next election . 
  then the quebec and french can dislike the rest of us together !, 
  yay friendship !, 
  you do n't have to convince me . 
  i already told you that i think that any kind of those books are bollocks for today 's times . 
   but at least most countries that we call civilized do n't put the death penalty on anything less than multiple rapes or planned murder . 
  still not worth an execution but that 's another topic and i already wrote plenty of comments about that . 
   it was a common way to treat criminals in that day and age , and now it is n't common anymore yeah good that we do n't do executions in civilized countries anymore ... oh wait . 
  like i said . 
  it was a survival guide for the times when those books were written . 
  it 's not how you do stuff today . 
  it is old literature and should be treated like that . 
  you ca n't fire teachers in germany but we managed to get her out of our class ( our request at the ministry of education was declined . 
  that 's the only way to get officially rid of a teacher ) because there was so much hate between my class and her ( she was a cunt in general . 
  there was much more problematic stuff ) that any kind of lesson would n't work between us so we got a new english and databases teacher . 
  she then had a new freshman class ( college . 
  but like the british college not the american . 
  it 's between high school and university ) full of people that had to repeat the class again ( and most of them from my old class ) and other classes refused to accept her as a teacher as well so she had to go to another school . 
  now the 1 ( a + grade in the usa ) for my religion class comes in handy . 
  the quran , the bible and the torah are probably the oldest complete books we know . 
  they were not meant to be used like they are today . 
  they were meant to be a mixture out of survival guide and explanations for the unexplainable . 
  i think that 's the right time to loosely quote bertolt brecht 's galileo `` if you work on your farm the whole day until old age and your whole body aches because of the hard work the only thing you 've got left and that keeps you going is your believe in heaven and a better afterlife '' . 
  mekka was a big brothel around 600 . 
  the islam implemented some kind of rules through the quran . 
  women with headscarf were n't extremely religious people . 
  it was a sign that they are n't prostitutes or to have to a quick fuck . 
  every woman next to muhammed was a strong woman and not suppressed by her husband . 
  the quran implemented war laws the un implemented over 1000 years later . 
  the bible is even more easier to understand ? 
  remember the story where jesus got mad and kicked a table in a temple because the jews were making markets inside the temple and fucking around with people ? 
  jesus was the che guevara of the first century . 
  today , we say that somebody has huge balls if they did something awesome . 
  back then , it were wonders . 
  today : `` this dude has so huge balls that he could beat a cow to death with them ! '', 
  ( nobody says that but you know what it means ) back then : `` this dude is so awesome he has fed a lot of people with a few breads and a few fish '' ( do n't know the exact numbers ) every one of those `` holy books '' is full with such things . 
  full with explanation for horrible things nobody could explain and full of stories of this awesome dude who has the biggest balls . 
  full of things you should n't do ( today we 've got bear grylls . 
  back then , the quran said that you should n't eat pork because there is no refrigerator to prevent it from spoiling ) because it could be dangerous , barbaric or just not appropriated . 
  the problem is not the book . 
  the problem are the people who use the book as fact . 
  jesus and co would rotate in their graves if they 'd know what people do today . 
  i already got rid of a teacher because slightly racist comments and teachers in general are not allowed to express their political and religious views outside of the class context ( that means a teacher ca n't stand in front of the class and talk about it 's believes if it 's not a religion class ) . 
  nobody would give a shit it they would be iraqi but because they get a lot of hate in romania ( probably justified , probably not ) and other east european countries , people get a shit fit and make them the new jews / blacks ( or coloured ? 
  ca n't remember what 's political correct ) / suppressed minority . 
  there can only be one !, 
  and norway is the biggest non-member supporter as far as i know . 
  scandinavia is probably more isolated than other countries in the eu but they are keeping a healthy distance and do n't get away from the eu as far as possible . 
  do n't worry about the germans . 
  being hated because of modern events is still an improvement . 
  germany votes more extreme in the east ( even though the right winged party ca n't win more than a few regional stuff ) and i think they still earn less money than the average west german . 
  the problem is i ca n't be bothered to watch films i 've watched in german in english again and the dubs are in accent free high german so i ca n't really take the language as an argument for most of the films i 've watched . 
  i think it always comes down to where the film is taking place . 
  a fictional place is always kind of weird and i 'd avoid to put those films into certain nationalities . 
  also films that play decades in the past are kind of weird to categorise . 
  lord of the rings and gladiator would be good examples . 
  i think the culture the film is showing is an important aspect as well as if the film makers wanted the film to be `` british '' or whatever . 
  in this particular case , i was talking about films with british actors and that takes place in britain and so on . 
  i 'd call harry potter british for those reasons in the same way i 'd call the die hard films america . 
  there 's so much stuff you can do that pulls you out of those statistics that i would n't believe that one single bit . 
  i think even an unpaid placement declares you `` employed '' but you still get unemployment assistance and the companies get cheap workers . 
  i do n't even understand why you would wear something with the name of your university on it at all ... 
  if it 's one of the elite universities , it looks like you 'd show off . 
  if it 's not an elite university , nobody knows about it anyway . 
  i think it 's more a question of if the film is intended to be british or not . 
  batman with an cockney accent and typical british actors would be a bit weird , would n't it ? 
  harry potter was written by a brit ( at least the books . 
  do n't know about the script ) , takes place in the uk , is acted by brits and so on . 
  well my first english teacher was around 30 , my second one was very very young ( we were his first proper class ) , my fourth one in college ( berufskolleg ) was stupid and we got rid of her after a year because she was pretty bad and racist and stuff like that . 
  my 5th english teacher lived half his life in england and was pretty old .
