  it 's those `` weird people '' that i talked about that you 've got to buy weed from . 
  of course , there are the people that drive over the border to the netherlands but i suppose that does n't work anymore . 
  there is usually less of a `` bad after taste '' when you talk about those guys because they do n't have to buy from those shady people . 
  they driver over , smoke a bit , maybe smuggle something back over the border and that 's it . 
  back when i 've smoked , i basically only smoked with friends . 
  then i bought weed on my own and had to wait for an hour and a half at a train station for a friend to show up . 
  he then gave me the weed and left . 
  1\u00a01/2 hours waiting for a bit of fun . 
  and that 's just weird . 
  why would anybody go through that trouble without being `` a little weird '' when you can get alcohol basically everywhere . 
  especially since the drinking age is 16 . 
  it just feels incredibly weird if you usually do n't hang out with pot heads . 
  and people think that you 're weird for going through that much trouble . 
  it 's more the fact that people that go through that trouble are the `` little weird '' kind i talked about and everybody else just does n't bother that gives weed this bad image . 
  not really the weed itself or that people are flat out against weed or something . 
  also , the people i know that smoked weed have later switched to other drugs . 
  that does n't help either because other drugs make it really obvious that you take them due to personality change or simply how people behave on parties . 
  `` man , parties without ecstasy or pepp are boring '' is usually what i 've heard from friends that smoked weed . 
  so that scared the normal people away and leaves you with the crazy people . 
  it 's kind of complicated to explain . 
  there are probably more crimes that are considered violent offences in the uk that are not in the us . 
  the laws in germany are quite strict . 
  you are allowed to smoke or be under the influence of cannabis but you 're not allowed to own cannabis . 
  there is usually a small amount of weed that is `` ignored '' meaning that the charges will probably be dropped . 
  i honestly do n't know anybody who smoked weed regularly and is not `` a little weird '' so , at least in my social environment , cannabis is not seen as an alternative to alcohol since there are more negative examples that positive examples . 
  it does n't help that literally everybody in my class in school who dropped out after the 11th grade was smoking weed . 
  norway , sweden , denmark , iceland , belgium , france , maybe netherlands , maybe ireland . 
  something north of where i live now . 
  hot weather can go fuck itself . 
  because it 's cheap and the government is not afraid to let people fail . 
  we do n't curve grades . 
  you get 50 % and pass or you do n't and fail . 
  the curriculum is focused on providing a high standard for every student so that your degree does n't lose value because your school is seen as a `` degree factory '' . 
  that 's about it , i think . 
  i live in north rhine westphalia , by the way . 
  the education system varies from state to state but it should be the same everywhere in germany . 
  probably scotland . 
  they seem to be the only ones that actually said they 're going to do something . 
  the others seem to say `` we 'd like to have independence '' while the scots actually said `` we gon na vote on that shit soon '' . 
  with 1.75 ? 
  it 's not that small , to be honest . 
  i mean , i 'd get 1.60 . 
  but maybe i 'm just not aware of it . 
  with almost 1.90 , it seems like everybody is smaller than me anyway . 
  1.80 m is considered standard here but it does n't really matter . 
  there is no `` dream height '' . 
  1.80 m is normal . 
  below that is not a problem . 
  as somebody who 's around 1.90 , i often get `` wow you 're tall '' but that 's about as much comments as i get about my height . 
  feet however ... 
  i need 48/49 depending on the shoes . 
  `` oh my god you 've got big fucking feet ! '', 
  is much more common than `` holy shit you 're tall ! '', 
  to be honest , i 'd look like i 'm about to fall over with much smaller feet . 
  wild camping is illegal in germany . 
  they do n't get that many votes . 
  you 'd still need 50 % to build the government . 
  or 20 % of you get the right states ... 
  i do n't really know . 
  i 'm not a big fan of cinema . 
  i have some films i really love like lord of the rings which would probably had never been made if american companies did n't pay for it . 
  but then i look at the hobbit and remember why i hate films . 
  full of `` let 's up people into the film that were n't a thing in the books so people recognise them and go see the movie and give us money ! '' . 
  i find the usual american films rather dull . 
  maybe i 'm just watching the wrong films , though . 
  it just feels like european companies ( like the swedes with their criminal thrillers ) just take more risks and do n't try to make films for a broad audience . 
  food ? 
  i have n't eaten much american food except the fast food and i 'm not a big fan of that either . 
  i much prefer quality food so fast food in general is not my thing . 
  the burgers in my university canteen are much better than a burger from mcdonalds and that together with burger king are the only american burger places i know . 
  pizza hat ? 
  bitch please the only pizza hat i know and see regularly has a italian pizza place with brilliant freshly made pizza right next to it ( nothing is as satisfying to watch as a full , family ran pizza place right next to an almost empty pizza hat ) ? 
  mexican food ? 
  never had that . 
  is subway american ? 
  i like subway but i can do that at home as well and better . 
  kfc ? 
  there 's one kfc where i live and that 's on the other side of the city . 
  music ? 
  i 'm currently in a `` listen to music i ca n't understand '' phase so there 's literally no english song in play lists i listen to regularly . 
  and i usually listen to electronic music and , as far as i know , most of those genres come from germany , britain or the netherlands . 
  i like rap or hip hop as well but only if i ca n't understand the lyrics . 
  i loved american rap in high school . 
  then my english got good enough to understand the lyrics and dropped it immediately . 
  it 's not like i do n't find anything cool about america but i just do n't know enough about america to find anything cool . 
  the stuff i know is a bit `` meh '' and i ca n't speculate on the rest . 
  race is not really a thing in europe . 
  i 'd say most people that are `` racist '' have problems with nationalities . 
  of course if somebody has a grudge against moroccans and they meet another north african , they might mistake them for moroccans . 
  but in general , it 's about nationality . 
  if you 're really afraid of that , just get some native american jewellery ( not expensive . 
  i could n't find a word that does n't imply actual jewels . 
  a little dream catcher necklace will do or something you can wear around your wrist ) . 
  if you look similar enough to be mistaken for a mexican , i 'd say such a thing would be enough for a european to get the idea that you 're not mexican . 
  not that we 'd have anything against mexicans . 
  i 've never met a latino or latina in my life . 
  there just are n't any in germany . 
  germanic languages are really cheating for germans . 
  most of them kind of simplified their grammar but did n't borrow as many words as english so it 's mostly `` less of what we already know '' which makes it incredibly easy . 
  we love native americans ( indianer called in german .
