  maybe those `` hippies '' are just not arrogant enough to believe that you should ignore the rest of the world . 
  nobody here is trying to proof anything . 
  it 's a simple comparison which is interesting because we 're comparing europe ( or rather the eu ) with the only ( sort of ) highly populated western country outside of europe that 's not almost empty . 
  the fact that most people here jumped on eastern europe and scotland as well as southern belgium . 
  the fact that you immediately think about people here having an inferiority complex leads me to believe that you 're the one with the inferiority complex since there was literally no reason to believe that anybody wants to one-up anybody here . 
   why are you guys always comparing yourselves to americans ? 
  simple question  is it some kind of inferiority complex ? 
  bitching . 
  you 've got to be a little weird in the head if you actually seriously ask why europeans compare themselves with the only western country with a large population that 's not half empty because of shitty weather . 
  because it 's fun to see you guys bitching even though these maps are quite rare . 
  but that reminds people of the greek in der schuh des manitu and everybody would just say `` hellas zusammen ! '', 
  in a shitty greek accent . 
  send them to bed at 4am . 
  ( do n't do that i feel like that 's a terrible advise ), 
  i remember that . 
  maybe they now think that the subreddit is to big to actually force it into a racist direction . 
  i had some overheating issues in the past ( fucked up the thermal paste ) that caused my pc to crash when playing some games . 
  if i had chrome running , it would crash in every game sooner or later . 
  now that i fixed the thermal paste issue , my pc is still a lot louder than it should if chrome is running next to a game . 
  speedfan also says it 's hotter so i 'm not imagining things . 
  i 'm not sure what it is but it seems like chrome got a lot more resource whory in the last couple of years . 
  i 'm actually surprised why they do n't get their own linux distribution going . 
  i mean , if you want to be save , and you can afford it , you would use an os where you know every single piece of software installed , right ? 
  you mean like how you guys use \u00e4 , \u00f6 and ck ( instead of kk ) and probably some other things to to spite the danish ? 
  is n't south korea using that shitty 3g / half arsed 4g thingy for the most part ? 
  still here . 
  still lurking in the shadows of green energy and football world cup wins . 
  watch your back , sweety ^ ^ ^ watch ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ back ... 
  if the scots ( manx was spoken in scotland , right ? ), 
  do n't care about learning the language themselves , then they probably also would n't care about a german learning the language . 
  also , manx is indo-european . 
  which means it 's related to my native language and english . 
  whilst celtic languages are quite weird , they 're not as weird as basque , for example . 
  also , there are celtic languages where people actually still give a damn so i might as well learn irish or welsh . 
  and i actually thought about learning irish but i could n't get over the 150 $ i 'd have to pay for a grammar and text book . 
  its a blogging website where you blog in your target language and correct the blogs other people write in your native language . 
  maybe you find somebody there . 
  i 've heard from a lot of people that that 's how they found people to speak with on that website . 
  well then go for chinese . 
  it is highly isolating . 
  that means that every single bit of the language is `` a thing '' on it 's own . 
  that means that there a lot less morphology ( like the future tense in english . 
  you do n't conjugate by future tense you just put `` will '' or '' < to be  going to '' in there like in `` it will rain '' `` we are going to have a party on saturday '' ) and that 's also why people think that chinese is a very easy language ( at least compared to it 's reputation ) . 
  once you 're over the characters , you do n't have to have giant cheat sheets just for conjugations . 
  japanese is not tonal but has a pitch accent . 
  meaning instead of a certain tone , you just change the pitch at a different point in the word . 
  it 's a little bit easier to learn because it 's quite simple and comes on it 's own through exposure . 
  japanese also has less characters ( 2200 compared to the 3000 mandarin ones ) but more morphology . 
  there are a lot of tonal languages that are common enough to actually use it . 
  and the chinese have their own websites like the russians so you could completely phase out any english . 
  i think the japanese usually hang out on youtube and facebook next to 2chan which is like 4chan in japanese ( well , 4chan is like 2chan in english ) . 
  the problem is that such foreign languages require you to invest so much time . 
  i mean , after you 're done with a text book in german you might as well learn with children books ( grimm 's fairy-tales are probably well known everywhere ) and just learn as you go . 
  if you see a new chinese or japanese word , the first thing you have to do is decrypt how to even read the bloody thing and there 's very little that can help you ( if you do n't know a german word , think of an english word that sounds similar and you 're pretty close already ) . 
  so , maybe just get so something like a2 or b1 and try to read children books in german . 
  like , for an hour per day on the bus or in your lunch break or whatever . 
  and for proper studying , go for chinese if that 's what interests you most . 
  also , practising tones works best if you speak loud and mimic the pitch of the tones with your head which makes you look like an idiot so if you do n't want to be the yt sensation of your company or school because you 're sitting there talking in tongues and move your head like you 're a malfunctioning robot , doing that in your lunch break would be kind of not so great :d, 
  yes that is why i was asking . 
  i do n't know anything about basque literature or whatever . 
  i only know that the language is extremely different to anything else spoken in europe and was hoping for some hints for literature to read or films to watch that would give me some kind of goal ( like , right now , my goal for japanese is to play pokemon x in japanese with minimal help from a dictionary ) . 
  oh do n't worry i love complicated morphology !, 
  i 'm just not sure what to do with the language ... 
  it seems like it 's almost impossible to maintain outside of the basque country or at least spain . 
  compared to other languages i 'd like to learn like japanese , it almost seems like it 's impossible to maintain my language skills : /, 
  well , i 'd like to learn japanese as well . 
  in terms of `` useful '' i do not mean `` good for my career opportunities '' but just usable . 
  learning basque seems like learning icelandic . 
  interesting as fuck but how the balls am i supposed to use a language that is spoken by only a few 100 thousand people ( 320k for icelandic and 600k for basque ) compared to japanese which has a giant entertainment industry and 120 million native speakers . 
  i 'll probably still buy a grammar book and read it on the toilet or the train like i did with old english . 
  but i 'm not sure if it 's worth investing a year or two of my time into learning a language i virtually can not use without travelling which is too expensive for me as a student . 
  is there something interesting for foreigners to do with basque ? 
  i 'd really like to learn the language but there are so many languages i 'd like to learn that seem more useful : /, 
  if you want to start a fight between a group of historical linguists , ask them where ie came from . 
  yeah that 's what i mean ... 
  it 's both the gema and youtube . 
  gema said `` we want x '' with x being completely unreasonable . 
  then youtube said `` well fuck you then you ai n't getting anything ! '', 
  and now the gema just blocks the videos they 've got the rights for . 
  livestreams are blocked because you do n't know what 's being streamed . 
  so , they block the streams in case somebody actually streams music but then the vod is accessible in germany . 
  glorious berlin . 
  known for it 's harbour , racist football club , world famous hookers and red light district ... 
  because some things on the internet do n't like debit cards . 
  yeah the only reason i have a credit card is buying stuff on the internet . 
  he 's talking about native americans . 
  we would like you to say something of value instead your useless opinion that 's not saying much at all . 
  or just do n't say anything . 
  too late !, 
  and i 'll continue to do so !, 
  i do n't have the time to actively watch a long series so i 'll do other things whilst having an anime running on my second screen . 
  with subtitles , i would n't understand shit . 
  all the languages spoken in the countries on that map are in the same language family except a few like hungarian , finnish , estonian and turkish . 
  the netherlands . 
  i live too far north to be comfortable in austria . 
  austria feels more foreign to me than france . 
  i think that 's quite fun . 
  that 's probably / r/labguagelearning 's wet dream . 
  a bunch of native speakers writing everything in their native language and english !, 
  there was a dude on the news who came from iraq or iran with a degree in engineering and family already in germany that had to wait months to get processed .
