karneval does n't get crazy until february / march though . 
  sometimes but i also catch myself counting in english . 
  a lot of times i use certain acronyms or words `` the german way '' . 
  like , maybe it 's a word we use in german as well but just pronounce it very differently . 
  if i 'm not speaking but only writing or just thinking , i might use the german `` version '' even though i know the correct english pronunciation . 
  no but most europeans are n't religious enough to call for a crusade . 
  good call ( no sarcasm ), 
  it 's either a right wing american nutters meme where the american neo nazi shitheads call for a crusade to get rid of the muslims or a meme from the game crusader kings 2 which is a strategy game taking please between 800 and 1300 ad where crusades called out by the pope are a good way to get land quickly . 
  i just do n't think germans know enough about the us to get the situation poor americans are in . 
  like , to us , universal healthcare , cheap education and stuff is normal . 
  the idea that other countries that are developed might not have such things is just something that germans are not really thinking about . 
  i mean , it would make sense . 
  especially since those people are more likely to stay . 
  but i think the lack of knowledge also causes a lack of public support . 
  bruh ... 
  honestly , i do n't think most germans know enough about the situation to have an opinion . 
  neither do i. i might know more than the average german just because i speak english well , spend a good chunk of my time on reddit and a good chunk of us music that i enjoy deals with that subject ( also , see my first point in relation to that ) but i have no idea how bad it actually is and if it justifies asylum or some sort of special treatment . 
  agreed . 
  who hurt you ? 
  most of the anarchy ideologies are so far left or right that they assume that it just works . 
  like , the far left is all about nurture . 
  socio-anarchy assumes that society is 100 % on board with taking care of each other so you can remove the structures of government . 
  the far right is all about nature so in a anarcho-capitalist society it is assumed that nature will take it 's course and everything will fall into place . 
  so an extreme version of `` the free market will take care of it '' . 
  so yeah . 
  anarchy probably wo n't work . 
  canadians are more like americans that pretend to not be americans than they 're europeans . 
  because it 's not 2020 yet, 
  the golden cigarettes with the red brand name look super familiar to me but i ca n't remember the brand nor find an image of a pack like that . 
  actually his native language was old high german and he even ordered his court to write poems not just in latin but also high german . 
  relevant askhistorians link !, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1emh7q/what_language_did_charlemagne_speak/ the swamp loses again !, 
   france  charlemagne triggered, 
  i assume that the kpd defined themselves as a party that is trying to establish a one party state like communist nations at that time . 
  as far as i know , when the sed entered the west german political landscape , they redefined themselves as a liberal ( in the european sense of the word ) party as opposed to an authoritarian party . 
  is n't the kpd still running in state elections ? 
  but you 'd be the best sidekick, 
  kind of like in german ( at least amongst it people . 
  most normal people call it computer ) . 
  agreed . 
  we 'd be like yennifer and gerald in the witcher ( at least in the books . 
  i have n't played the games ), 
  yeah the u is super weird . 
  i forgot about that . 
  damn i forgot the east again ... 
  french names used to be trendy in general but uneducated people generally did n't know how to pronounce those names properly . 
  so , a good chunk of jacquelines are pronouncing every letter in the word and with a heavy german accent . 
  due to the rise of american media and music , english names have become the new shit for the lower classes ( america or the uk never had the same high class status france had so those names are less common amongst educated people ) and kevin is just a really common one . 
  so it has a kind of chavy reputation because everybody knows a kevin who 's an asshole . 
  a co worker of mine says host with a short german o. i want to jump out the window every single time he does that . 
  that 's actually how i 'd pronounce it . 
  not sure how the swedes pronounce it but in norwegian , it 's just a very open o. 
  like , open your mouth like you want to say an a but round your lips like for an o. 
  at least in norwegian , everything is sort of shifted compared to most other european languages ... \u00e5 = o o = u u = \u00fc / y / french u, 
  there 's also a pronunciation from a guy called madeinbelgium . 
  like that . 
  the belgians do n't have that throat g either . 
  half an hour officially but i can take as long as i want . 
  i usually cook at home so lunch is just a quick bite for me . 
  i use my 30 minutes for chatting with coworkers or reading . 
  i do n't really understand why , though . 
  almost every other unhealthy thing seems to be very popular in the us . 
  but smoking is somehow different . 
  i did n't know that video but that sums up my feelings quite nicely . 
  no and the christian idea of a god is to hypocritical and illogical to me . 
  he 's supposed to be this loving fatherly figure but then also does a lot of bad shit and somehow all the bad shit that happens is totally god 's plan . 
  even if i 'd believe in religion , i probably would n't be a christian . 
  at least germanic gods have character and that character is flawed and those flaws are simply part of that gods personality . 
  it makes more sense that bad shit happens because odin got paranoid again and needs some soldiers for ragnarok . 
  at least you drink and fight in valhalla if you get killed in the process of this psychosis playing out . 
  but religion is not for me . 
  whilst finding out what neo-paganism is all about ( i did some research when i asked to be excommunicated . 
  might as well be sure about my faith before i pay the government 10 $ to keep their records straight on me ... ) , the mythology seems interesting but i just could n't get over the people that actually took it seriously ( because nobody is born into that believe yet . 
  so it seemed a bit weird . 
  like converts usually are ) . 
  however i respect everyone 's believes as long as they 're private and do n't affect others . 
  i do n't care who you 're praying to as long as you do n't make other people 's lives worse with it ( including your children . 
  nothing less worthy of respect than a parent kicking out their gay child ) . 
  i missed it :( i usually just watch for the cringe . 
  large western and northern european countries will be the easiest . 
  paris , amsterdam , london , hamburg , bremen , k\u00f6ln , d\u00fcsseldorf , brussels , oslo , bergen , stockholm , copenhagen and so on . 
  i ca n't say much about southern europe . 
  there 's a youtube series with subtitles about black people in germany . 
  from what i hear , at least in west germany , it 's mostly ignorance . 
  people are just not used to black people so it 's a bit unusual to them and they forget how to behave . 
  the situation is slowly changing . 
  no matter what , you 'll have very little to worry about your health . 
  or straight up , dirty hostility ( see : first season last video . 
  that lady ran as a politician so every vile cunt there is in munich went at her ) [ season 1 with subtitles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plu2s22lajzj4peqg-di_hqlbwrjt-a4lb ) [ for season 2 , they only have a subtitled version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plu2s22lajzj7vapfyxmmq0pcutwzr3puv ), 
  there just are n't any black people in ee . 
  it 's not like there are black people everywhere in ee and they are just hated . 
  they literally only know what they see on tv . 
  to them , seeing a black person is like movies become reality all of a sudden . 
  or german !, 
  i 'm coming for you, 
  but a bickering family , please . 
  i never want to lose the banter . 
  i will let the french annex germany if they ask nicely but i will make a joke about frogs and striking when they move into the reichstag !, 
  well , it 's mostly banter these days but it used to be super serious . 
  i did ok in school and could find my way around a bbc article quite easily .
