  a youtuber who 's from the uk and emigrated to germany said in a video `` germans are not nationalistic because they spend so much time hating each other '' which is exaggerated but not that far away from the truth . 
  northern , southern , western and eastern culture is completely different . 
  you can travel an hour by train in one direction and if there are some big towns , chances are high that you ca n't understand anything in the local dialect so even the common language was far from united . 
  little example for the dialect thing : i 've got a guy from m\u00fcnster at my universty . 
  that 's a city in the middle of nowhere in north rhine westphalia . 
  around 1\u00a01/2 hours with a train to the south is dortmund where i study . 
  he 's always using words i 've never heard in my entire life and i 've got no idea what he means not even with some context clues . 
  oh no we do n't like tne english because they 're bigger twats on mallorca than we are . 
  we do n't care that much about the football thing . 
  we like the french . 
  we 'd rather get rid of the english or the dutch ( because football ) . 
  so that basically means that women would get a job because they 're women and not because they 're the best most qualified ... 
  because you 're the biggest troll here ... you 'll always get downvotes no matter what you say . 
  european and american culture might look the same on the surface ( mostly because of american culture that gets exported to europe ) but if you dig a bit deeper , the difference is huge . 
  that also gets reflected in politics . 
  you ca n't get in trouble for downloading at all in germany . 
  uploading is what gets you in trouble ( and that 's also the reason why we see every few months some poor bastard with a huge fee for torrenting in / r/germany ) . 
  i think he was just mocking you . 
  or just has forgotten about wales like most people . 
  is `` trade war '' defined in any way ? 
  i do n't expect it to be just a trade blockade like with cuba because there 's too much stuff from the eu us companies need like arm cpus for every smartphone . 
  you can find that in every big german city.there 's everything from classy club to 30 $ flat rate drinking in a brothel in cologne . 
  maybe the currywurst is better in berlin . 
  of course , if you 're in germany , berlin is a very nice place to be but i do n't know if berlin justifies missing out on austrian culture and west german culture . 
  i 'd actually suggest to make a round trip . 
  berlin , dresden , munich , vienna , cologne ( because cathedral and 297525 kinds of beer ) , d\u00fcsseldorf ( because 297525 kinds of completely different beer and nice city as well . 
  not as much covered with cement plates as cologne ) , some cities like bochum where you can see some old coal mines which was quite interesting and then hamburg because the north is completely different than the other parts of germany . 
  then straight to amsterdam , brussels , paris . 
  he also could go to hamburg first and then to amsterdam and then the west german cities . 
  it takes you an hour from cologne to bochum with 2 trains and you can change in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  if he does n't like the west , he can just get into another city . 
  and then there is the thalys ( i hope that 's how you spell it ) which is a direct train connection from cologne to paris . 
  i think it 's cologne -  d\u00fcsseldorf -  brussels -  something else in belgium -  paris ( north station ) so if he has the weird foreign train ticket , that might even be the cheapest way to get to paris ( d\u00fcsseldorf -  paris is just under 4 hours . 
  took that train several times ) . 
  i think there is also a second thalys from somewhere in the south which means he could leave west germany alone and maybe keep it as an option for later . 
  but i might be bias . 
  when i was in berlin , i just thought `` well , it 's like home with more ww2 memorials , weird accents and worse beer '' but i ca n't tell how somebody would feel who expects some kind of culture shock . 
  well , you can get through berlin in a weekend since it does n't offer much except a shit load of history . 
  i 'd rather then visit vienna and cologne/d \u00fcsseldorf / other coal cities in the west in germany on the way to amsterdam or vice versa . 
  i like how you even get downvotes for a complete valid comment . 
  they 're probably all like `` i do n't see the trolling but it has to be somewhere in there ! '', 
  in fact ... that 's a bit how i feel ... 
  we have the bild and express ( not the same company as in the uk ) so do n't worry ... you 're not alone in the deep darkness of tabloids and their readers . 
  she probably was ... `` no !, 
  that 's mine !, 
  give it here ! '', 
  but please as dvd or br on amazon so we germans can buy it as well !, 
  i hope mrs grumpy face get 's her sorry arse up soon ... she ca n't just not do that if you think about what countries in europe have proper gay marriage now . 
  why ? 
  is american tv so unfunny that you need ads for your amusement ? 
  and we do n't get the appeal of watching a bunch of ads between short periods of american football . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what have you done ? 
  from the kind of money they wanted from you , i assume you torrented at least 5 mp3s !, 
  of course mrs grumpy face would play the pessimist . 
  germany told the usa to fuck off when the cia kidnapped a guy and tortured him . 
  the usa wanted germany to stop the investigation against the agents but as far as i know , germany did n't do that . 
  still better than lederhosen :(, 
  http://duolingo.com they 've got an iphone app . 
  so instead of redditing while taking a shit , i now learn french while taking a shit . 
  you finally have a reason to learn a second language ( not that it should be obligated in school . 
  but learning a language if you 've got people to talk to is more fun then just learn the language for shits and giggles ), 
  easy . 
  every country has something that sucks . 
  so they move to a country where it does n't suck and then they 're so happy that they have that thing not sucking that sucked in their own country that they do n't care any more that other things suck now . 
  that 's why germans , danes , austrians , swedes and more europeans move to the uk . 
  also , people get easily annoyed by their own people . 
  what you call `` rude cunts '' might be a welcome difference for a french . 
  and , i think , students get in cheaper , right ? 
  but i do n't know if i could just go there and give them my german university id card . 
  shame that there are so many bavarians ... 
  this is not how you tap a proper beer - . -, 
  in other european countries , 15 % of the population is fluent in english ... 
  in sovjet-\u00d6sterreich , the duden is a lie and sachertorte is the truth . 
  mp3 substantiv , neutrum - 1 . meistverwendetes dateiformat f\u00fcr komprimierte audiodateien ; 2 . 
  that would probably increase the traffic of / r/lanl _ german immensely :d, 
  mp3 as a single word is neutral :d, 
  and now they 've got to sell their jewellery so they can keep their property . 
  that is one of the reasons why i 'd like to see a royal family . 
  kind of related people are still better than a complete stranger every now and then . 
  they 're also not involved in the economy or other politics which means that corruption is not that much of a concern . 
  but if i think about the old kingdoms like prussia and bavaria , we 're probably better off without them . 
  guess whose mother has already asked her boss for a day off when the new king gets crowned !, 
  i sometimes feel like i 'm the only german who 'd like to have a constitutional monarchy :(, 
  i always forget you people in the south ... 
  we have that in german as well . 
  did n't know that was something special . 
  we just call it doppellaut ( double sound ) like au , ei , ie and wikipedia says that words like t\u00fcr with umlauts and uhr are also phonetic ( the others are phonemic ) diphthongs . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i think we do n't even have male and female words for the 3rd person plural :( so every group is neutral ... well , actually , it 's female ( sie = elle / elles ) ... god dammit ... 
  at least we do n't call mixed groups female or male !, 
  well , grammar is probably the wrong example since there are 3 ( italian , spanish , portuguese ) other languages that evolved out of latin . 
  any other things you 'd call weird or hard to understand in french so i can give a better example ? 
  they do but if a bavarian is starting to talk to north germans in his thick , bavarian dialect , they 'll look at him and say `` dude , fuck of or speak properly '' . 
  because it sounds weird and you do n't understand a damn thing . 
  that 's why we 've got high german which is a way to speak that is mostly expected from everybody . 
  it 's still individually different ( you still hear where people are from ) but it 's more like an american living in britain for a long while . 
  you still hear it , but it 's not a dominant feature of his pronunciation but rather `` background noise '' . 
  germans are not that strict with their language but we 've got a ministry for such things ( do n't ask me about the name because i do n't know it ) which is the template for the duden ( the german dictionary ) . 
  it defines spelling changes for borrowed words ( they are only alternatives . 
  you can still write portemonnaie but portmonee is also allowed now ( that means wallet , by the way ) ) or defines genders ( app was written with all three genders in the duden but that ministry decided that only das ( neutral ) and die ( feminine ) sound correct so only das app or die app is allowed now .
