  and instead of supposing that i am deadly serious about what i say , you could expect me to do the obvious which would be a sarcastic comment . 
  there are a lot of ways to be an asshole about bavarians and calling them out because of lederhosen and the farmer accent nobody understands except people from that region ( which i 've called out my own region on as well and a lot of bavarians do n't like the farmer accent either ) is not one of them . 
  and i thought i 'd have a pretty german humour but you 're as resistant to sarcasm as oil to water . 
  and you 're obviously not able to read . 
  i 've said that this is possible with every state . 
  i was just `` poking '' bavaria like everybody does and then answered to somebody butt clinching . 
  everything that i 'd call a fact is written in that wikipedia article . 
  i 've countered his opinion ( which he presented as facts without explanation ) with my opinion . 
  i 've never said that he is presenting wrong facts and i am presenting right facts . 
  i 've never said that bavaria is worse or better than the others . 
  what my post was intended to tell , and what it should have told you if you would read properly , was that bavarian is not special it is just more publicly known ( i said that at the very beginning of my response to ollie84 's first post ) which makes it look special . 
  instead of calling me ignorant , you could tell me exactly where i am ignorant . 
  oh and maybe you 've noticed , i think western cultures are as ridiculous as lederhosen . 
  i 've never said that my culture is better than others . 
   now you 're telling me about the beer in cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf being awesome somehow . 
  once again i have to point out that the small breweries who win at competitions like the world beer cup , are from bavaria . 
  the best k\u00f6lsch this year was from tempe in arizona , not from cologne . 
  also most beer people here in nrw drink is eventually from huge corporations like dr. oetker , not from small independent breweries at all . 
  i 've never said the beer is awesome . 
  i 've said it 's a part of our culture . 
  our unique d\u00fcsseldorfer or cologne culture . 
  i 've never said it would win in competition . 
  i actually think that the different beer ( alt and k\u00f6lsch ) does spoil us for other beers ( that 's why d\u00fcsseldorfer ca n't drink k\u00f6lsch ( because it tastes like water for us ) and the colognes ca n't drink alt ( because it has a too heavy taste on his own . 
  it 's like chlorinated tap water in the us which would make us puke but americans do n't give a damn ) ) . 
  there are actually breweries here in d\u00fcsseldorf that brew themselves . 
  i do n't know if they are all in the old town but they exist . 
   the funniest thing is people drinking fr\u00fch k\u00f6lsch in cologne and blaming americans for drinking bud light . 
  because those taste nearly identical , haha . 
  respect the beer and people respect you . 
   no , all the rest of germany has no more culture that 's still alive than its different accents . 
  feel free to prove me wrong . 
  karneval ? 
  i ca n't understand a cologne accent even though it 's like 20 minutes from main station to main station by train . 
  food . 
  there is a lot of food that nobody outside of the region knows . 
  of course that overlaps but bavaria was always `` together '' while `` north rhine westphalia '' already says that there is something missing ... like the south ... 
  so nrw and rhineland-palatinate knows the piddelkuchen while bavarians do n't ( and i 've checked that 2 minutes ago ) . 
  the north has still a very alive tea culture . 
  damn the east was another country a bit over 20 years ago . 
  of course there 's still something we would call cultural differences . 
  just look at potato salad . 
   it 's common knowledge that education in germany gets worse the further north you go ( nord-s\u00fcd-gef\u00e4lle '' ) . 
  that 's what studies say . 
  of course studies say that . 
  i just out chances for everybody over `` send the elite to university and let the rest rot on a farm '' . 
   i 'm not sure where you 're from , but since it 's not bavaria and you 're aggressive as fuck , i guess you 're not too far from what used to be prussia , haha . 
  on the other hand , to be fair , you do n't seem to be technically stupid , so maybe you 're not actually prussian . 
  nrw and i get pretty aggressive is somebody is calling me stupid while making claims that are easily to be disproved or , like in this case , just existing because the bavarian culture is more publicly known . 
  of course you might think that bavarian culture is unique but what 's the difference between wearing shitty lederhosen compared to wearing shitty green suites , disgustingly ugly hats and shooting with 6mm sport ammo on wooden birds that do n't look like birds ? 
  the only real purpose is drinking in both states . 
  another culture thing , beer !, 
  i 'd call 10-15 local breweries in the d\u00fcsseldorfer old town ( and i think it 's not different in cologne ) a pretty big culture thing . 
   also it 's funny how you assume i was from bavaria , because i 'm not . 
  but i 've been there , and if i wanted to stay in germany , i 'd move to bavaria for sure . 
  you 've said that you 're not from bavaria . 
  i just think `` one '' sounds too royal sometimes which is why i used the other and , according to dict.leo.org , interchangeable pronoun `` you '' which might sound as i 'd address you directly especially since `` man '' is way more common as a general pronoun than `` you '' in german . 
  i could also just have talked about `` you '' but meant the bavarians every now and then . 
  might have overseen it while checking for spelling mistakes . 
   but you seem to be pretty stupid . 
  awwwww cute . 
  guess what , idiot ? 
  every state has it 's own culture but only the bavarians make a big thing out of it . 
  would you say that the wbc members are the only nuttes in the us because they make the biggest fuzz about it ? 
  better education ? 
  is putting good pupil into hauptschulen and give those pupils no way of going up again or to get their hzb easily on another way a good education ? 
  i know brilliant people that would do pretty well in a industry focused college but they ca n't because the bavarians in charge think their education system is so superior , that they only take the best of the best for college ( college like in kolleg/gymnasium and not as in american college ) . 
  there are plenty of documentaries about pupil that should go on a bavarian hauptschule and did a flat 1 abitur in other states after the parents have moved . 
  and do n't you dare to say that this is the difference between bavaria and lower saxony and other states . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  yes , bavaria is doing pretty well compared to other states [ as you might see here ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_ ( deutschland ) #wirtschaft ) but dayum look at that 55k $ bip per capita from hamburg . 
  have you ever heard them complaining how much we suck and how much they do n't ? 
  me neither . 
  bremen at second place . 
  and then , hessen !, 
  you better do n't say how awesome your finances are when a smaller state , without a unique culture ( because since you do n't know where i am from , you ca n't make an assumption about the uniqueness of the culture you 're comparing bavarian culture to so i assume you generalised a bit ) , with a worse education system , with a shitty landscape , without a big party with a lot of drunken non-bavarians and with bad cars does a lot better than you in finances . 
  yeah ever been to south bavaria ? 
  it 's not that pretty to look at if you have to drive on a wiggly line street through a tonne of sodding 3 houses villages to get to the next civilised place . 
  oktoberfest ? 
  never been there , never want to . 
  not what i 'd enjoy and that 's why i do n't comment on it ( except for the above because that 's just a fact ) . 
  nice cars ? 
  well , that 's true . 
  enjoy your nice cars without our steel in the west . 
  bmw probably makes good cars but i doubt that the latest models are anywhere near being a bavarian only product . 
  by the way , you can do that with every state . 
  so do n't you think bavarian is the shittiest state ever , dear non-germans !, 
  my last post was meant as a bit of bavarian poking like everybody does it and every bavarian who has at least a bit of humour does that as well . 
  i 'd normally ignore a comment like yours but you better inform yourself a bit more before you 're trying to be an arse ( remember ? 
  `` but you seem to be pretty stupid . 
  i am talking about lederhosen and shitty accent . 
  i want bavaria to be independent again so we do t have to deal with those shitty stereotypes anymore . 
  nah ... german humour ... do n't even try such things with me : < they probably got rid of the wall because it could have blocked the nice view . 
  unfortunately not . 
  it was on / r/europe or / r/worldnews month ago . 
  does the village have a surrounding wall and gates ? 
  i 've seen children crying their eyes out while getting their ears pierced and the parents just told their children to not be that bitchy about it and it would n't hurt . 
  people are stupid but parents harm their children with their stupidity especially if they want to save a euro or two and do it in a dirty tattoo shop . 
  yes ... adult . 
  that 's the point . 
  then do n't let them in ?
