  ca n't remember ) . 
  robbers wo n't have guns . 
  they do n't have to expect guns once they enter a house . 
  so there 's no reason to carry one with you if you tried to rob a house . 
  also , i feel like my valuables are not worth more than the life of another human . 
  we fucking love insurances in germany . 
  somebody breaks open your door and steals your tv ? 
  you probably have an insurance for that . 
  at least for the broken stuff . 
  maybe not the tv . 
  i 'd rather buy a new tv than killing a dude . 
  if he hurts you ? 
  well , tough shit . 
  that 's what hospitals are for and i 'd rather spend time in a hospital than knowing i killed another man ( or woman though that seems less likely ) . 
  and this is as `` sport shoe '' - ish as you can get . 
  i sometimes feel too casually dressed but i 've got size 48-49 ( german ) and flat feet and all stars are pretty much the only shoes i can wear without pain . 
  but i would n't go more casual . 
  i 'd also go with dark colours for men . 
  black , brown , grey . 
  really ? 
  amsterdam and prague ? 
  the probably two biggest party destination every ? 
  the 2 cities where you can do everything from visiting museums and learn about a good chunk of european history and literature to having 20 `` professionals '' ( that means prostitutes ) doing whatever you want with you ( that might not be true for prague since i 'm unaware of the legal situation but it will be close ! ), 
  and you still decided to ignore the rules and not use google ? 
  yeah i do n't think so either . 
  you can think a lot of different things from the british government but i doubt they 'd get themselves into that sort of trouble again . 
  i personally do not think that i have any say in it or the right of an opinion worth to be heard . 
  i agree with everything the scottish people want . 
  the uk is a country of countries . 
  scotland has the right of independence as much as every other state that fought for it if they so desire . 
  they certainly have a case in terms of culture and heritage . 
  so , as long as everything is done democratic without violence , i agree to everything the scots seem fit for their country . 
  even if it might be an economically bad decision ( i actually do n't know ) . 
  however , if the scots decided to become independent and the brits would say `` nope !, 
  having none of that !, 
  '' , the scots would have my full support . 
  have they always done multiple shows ( 2 semifinals and 1 final ) ? 
  well , from what i 've seen of him or read about him , it seems like the biggest wanker in the country hates porn . 
  i 've seen a few i 've not seen before so there are certainly new beggars in the streets but i 'm not sure if it 's actually relevant or just me noticing people i have n't seen before . 
  for many people , the football club they follow has some emotional meaning to them . 
  people that cheer for a team because it 's popular ( hello bayern m\u00fcnchen ) are usually seen as something negative . 
  at least in germany . 
  people choose a club because it 's their local club or because the players are especially skilled or nice people . 
  just `` choosing '' one team because it was a recommendation will get you nothing but shit . 
  just `` choosing '' one team because it 's successful will get you hate from people that chose their team the `` proper '' way . 
  soundcloud , twitter , youtube , emule , whatever , i 'd assume . 
  though , i doubt there were such websites that were legal when dial up was still a thing . 
  am i the only one who had no idea on how many websites he 's been registered ? 
  you 'd get the most inaccurate results ever from me . 
  the name `` peter '' comes from the greek word for rock or stone . 
  so does `` petra '' which i have n't seen in english yet but it 's quite common in german speaking countries . 
  i would n't really mind but i doubt they 'd do that . 
  even if we ignore everything but the geographical situation it seems ridiculous . 
  though , i suppose the french-canadians would warm up a bit more . 
  right now , they 're surrounded by anglophones . 
  being in a union administrated from a country that is trilingual with its biggest economy being german followed by the french and british ( both at least trilingual depending on how you want to look at it ) and some very very small countries whose languages are still recognised in the same way big languages are would probably make them less paranoid . 
  that would be a nice outcome . 
  well , that 's the thing is n't it ? 
  because the winner takes all the votes no matter what , it 's literally a waste of your vote if you 'd vote for the third parties and if you live in california where the personal vote matters even less , you 'd probably be even more discouraged to vote for something risky or even vote at all . 
  as long as your system does n't change , you wo n't see any other party in office . 
  if you 'd vote for the greens or something and they get a few percent of the votes but then those votes are actually represented in the government , more and more people would vote more according to their political orientation and not according to what it 's less problematic for them . 
  the netherlands is one of the few countries that use the currency sign in front of the amount . 
  you are literally trying to be cool and look like you try to be cool or something in the process of doing so . 
  i think the us is the only country that wants taxes from citizens and residents . 
  how is that americanised ? 
  you can get t-shirts with quite a few flags here and not just the american one . 
  i 'm sure for every mcdonald 's you can find a place for currywurst or d\u00f6ner in germany . 
  what you 're saying is like saying that america were germanised because you drive bmw and audi and say `` gesundheit '' instead of `` bless you '' . 
  well , we 've got a lot of japanese people running around where i live so people would just assume you 're japanese and be done with it . 
  not many people know the difference between the sound of chinese ( tonal . 
  quite obvious if you know about it ) and japanese ( pitch accent ) so even the language would n't give it away . 
  german . 
  mostly ... my windows pc is german . 
  my mac book is german , my linux server is english , my raspberry pi is english , my phone is in french ( learning french right now ) , my ipad in norwegian ( learning norwegian as well ) . 
  german is pretty standard . 
  not everybody here ( even at universities ) speaks english well enough to handle a pc without german language support . 
  all our linux machines in uni run an english os but those are the topics where you wo n't find a lot of english in real life as well . 
  i do n't think so . 
  yes , the taxes went up but that only affects the super rich people and i do n't think the french in general have this idea of `` i 'm gon na be rich one day ! '', 
  and oppose anything that is welfare-ish . 
  even rich french people i know think their universal health care system is a good thing so just by flying over that article , it seems to be kind of out of context . 
  you know , like fox news likes to take 1 case where the nhs was shit and made somebody wait for a hip replacement and then blow that one story up as evidence that the whole system is a piece of shit . 
  i think the french just recently allowed english courses to be offered in universities so your french skills might be an important factor . 
  do you speak german , though ? 
  that might be an alternative and depending on what you want to study , there might not be a local numerus clausus ( grade requirement for enrolling ) which means as long as you 've got your hzb ( hochschulzugangsberechtigung . 
  that means that you 're allowed to enter a university which you should with an american hs degree but i 'm not sure how that works in european countries ) , you can simply sign up without any trouble . 
  is there a reason why you 'd like to go to france ? 
  yeah in the first few weeks , a lot of other europeans asked about stuff they were interested in but once that was out of the way , the travel questions popped up . 
  yep . 
  i 'd rather have a lot less threads than being a damn travel guide . 
  it 's not like backpacking through europe is somewhat uncommon and there actually are english speaking countries in europe so i do n't see how anybody could not find answers to the sort of unspecific questions we see here . 
  having a bunch if travel questions also kind of scares people away from asking other questions . 
  it 's like going into a bilingual subreddit and finding exclusively non-english threads . 
  the first thing you ask yourself is `` am i supposed to post in english here or have the mods just not updated the subreddit rules ? '', 
  considering the current economical situation and your desire to learn a wide spread language , france and germany/austria are your best options . 
  though , keep in mind that you 'll mostly communicate with natives anyway so learning dutch will be the most useful investment if you 're going to live in the netherlands or flanders anyway . 
  also , continental languages are much closer to their relatives then english . 
  so moving to norway ( ~ 5 million people if i remember correctly ) will make learning swedish and danish something for the lunch break . 
  norwegian is better suited for understanding all scandinavian languages then the other 2 anyway so even though 5 million people are n't that many , norwegian let 's you communicate with virtually something like 20 million people . 
  maybe ask in / r/linguistics as well .
