  i 'm not big into web development but i could help you with coding if you make it an open source project ( and do n't ask me to do anything until march because i 'm writing exams until then and then i 'll be moving ) . 
  edit : how are you going to finance that , by the way ? 
  so why not collect that stuff on one website ? 
  i could think about some ways to keep you out . 
  same in germany . 
  the people i know that know reddit do n't like it and rather waste their time on 4chan or 9gag . 
  and why , you might ask ? 
  well , at first , it 's short bollocks on 4chan everybody who got through the german education system can read and 9gag is funny pictures where you do n't have to read shit . 
  the german stuff is usually much more spread out and specific . 
  because the existing search engines are that good ... 
  but the eu would have to break it 's own treaties ... that would be the kind of bullying everybody in this subreddit keeps whining about . 
  yeah ... dutch . 
  are we doing that somewhere else as well ? 
  there was another map somewhere on reddit that said that the germans travel the most . 
  so we can ruin mallorca , annoy the italians , dig holes in dutch beaches , complain about your beer prices and give the greedy austrians all our money for their autobahn !, 
  i pay 250 but that includes public transport in the whole state ( nrw ) so you do n't even have to worry about that . 
  depends . 
  if they have to work 14 hours shifts , they piss off to the uk or norway . 
  that 's not really because of more money though but rather humane working hours . 
  oh there is a `` grass is greener '' thing going on but `` the other side of the fence '' is usually neighbouring countries . 
  think about it like that . 
  a german is saying `` oh damn you brits have it good ( i think what i 'm going to say is the case in the uk . 
  no stereotyping intended . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong ! ) . 
  i just had to pay 10 $ to go to the doctor ( that was a thing until a few months ago ) ! '', 
  and then the brit says `` yeah but at least your nhs covers dental stuff '' and then the american comes around the corner , vomits some meaty stuff out ^ ^ 1 and asks `` hey , buddies !, 
  do you know what that is ? 
  i ca n't pay the 1 million $ in case it 's something serious '' and we just lose our shit because it 's so foreign to us that most people never thought that this could happen in a developed countries like the us . 
  same with vacation days . 
  it 's seems like most germans think `` well , we work hard 40 hours per week so we deserve those 6 weeks of paid leave '' so the idea that americans do n't get any by law is crazy . 
  sick days are n't even a thing here . 
  you wake up , you think `` i 'm sick '' . 
  you call your boss and say `` i 'm sick '' . 
  he says `` you sick ? 
  you go to the doctor . 
  tell the secretary `` i 'm sick '' and give her your little insurance card . 
  doctor comes to you . 
  you say again `` i 'm sick '' . 
  doctor looks at you and says `` you sick ! '' . 
  doctor gives you little yellow paper thingy . 
  `` 3 days at home for you ! '', 
  then you go to your boss , give him that little yellow paper thingy and be done with it until the three days are over . 
  if you would n't cause your company serious loses , you 're good to go to take some days off to get better ( if you 're actually sick . 
  that 's why you have to go to the doctor ) . 
  i think after a certain time , your unemployed insurance everybody has jumps in which means 80 % of your last pay check but i think that only happens when you 're sick for months . 
  there is just an awful , awful lot of stuff we simply do n't get in europe because it 's so foreign to us that we almost get a stroke just thinking about you guys . 
  we even forget how to make fun of each other in such moments . 
   it 's been there for more than half a century . 
  1883 thank you very much !, 
  there was a dude in / r/germany that said that the tuition fees in the us barely cover the cost of living in germany . 
  so chances are high that you can actually study in places with low cost of living and low uni fees with just a little more than college . 
  i think that was one of the green brothers from vlogbrothers . 
  basically , he said that in the us , you have to negotiate for your own life which is impossible because you did if you lose those negotiation . 
  in countries with universal health care , the government is doing that and can tell companies that want to sell for too much money to fuck off because making all the hip replacements for the nhs is always a good deal . 
  i tried to watch it . 
  got annoyed when the dude became a giant cunt . 
  well , sometimes , they tell you you 've got to wait weeks for x-ray or something . 
  but calling again and pretending you 've got private insurance just to rip the dude at the phone a new arse hole when he tells you that you can come in tomorrow usually does the job . 
  i have to say this is one reason why i ca n't get into that series . 
  teachers here earn quite well and we 've got universal health care . 
  i know that it makes sense form an american point of view but i just ca n't get into it . 
  it 's weird . 
  well , more d\u00f6ner for me . 
  that story was on the german news today . 
  a doctor said that they are not talking about children that have months or years left to live . 
  they 're talking about children in incredible pain that have days left . 
  and people would figure something out . 
  let 's say there 's a dns server in the us and in the eu for . com domains . 
  you could simply implement that . com2 means you want to look up the domain in the us dns server and . com1 in the eu one or something like that . 
  i would n't be so worried about name servers . 
  as long as 2 are available , everything is fine . 
  not if you live in poland . 
  yep . 
  sunday morning ? 
  fuck this if i have the choice between hitler 2.0 and getting up early , hitler 2.0 will win . 
  even if it 's just a 10 minutes walk . 
  but you get your letter a week or so before the election , take a cup of coffee , think about your choice again , do the 2 x 's and put it into the mail box the next time you go past it . 
  problem solved . 
  people always say we germans were good friends . 
  makes me blush a little . 
  i 'd argue they 've got perfect weather . 
  not to hot and not to cold . 
  seriously , when i think about warm weather and people says `` omg so awesome and warm ! '', 
  the only things i think of are grass spots that look like shit because everything is so dry and my ginger skin being burned to a nice crisp red like a lobster shell . 
  forests and grass and stuff looks so pretty after rain . 
  ah that makes sense . 
  i thought it was some grammatical error i 've not seen . 
  what 's wrong with `` perfectly fluent '' ? 
  i feel like it 's a bit similar in germany . 
  people make fun about the french but french is still a language people would call prestigious and the positive stereotypes are usually acknowledged more than the negative ones . 
  and if reddit were right , we 'd love to put the turks on their own d\u00f6nerspie\u00df ... 
  i think the uk and switzerland are different situations . 
  i do n't think the uk can expect anything but complete elimination of any benefit eu members get . 
  they after all want to leave the eu . 
  switzerland said `` well , we do n't want this but we want everything else '' and the eu says `` fuck off we do n't do half arsed anymore '' . 
  as far as i know , the uk does n't want half arsed , they want nothing . 
  `` amie '' is the feminine version . 
  ^ ^ ^ schluchtenschei\u00dfer ... nah just joking . 
  i still love you guys !, 
  same in germany .
