  you raise children bilingual before they even start school and you 'll probably work on that every day and there are no other kids around that need attention as well . 
  like i said , you 're done with 12 . 
  after that , you 've got to learn how you do the sounds ( ipa would help here but i did that in 11th grade or something ) . 
  1st and 2nd grade in germany is where you learn to write ( print and cursive ) and we start with english in 3rd grade since a few years . 
  my step brother had english in 3rd grade and it did n't really change much compared to my english skills after 10th grade . 
  well , at least that 's back to normal . 
  felt kind of weird being liked and greece being angry was more like a plaster than a fix of the issue . 
  only for abitur , though , there is another main subject in the other school forms so the same amount of time you 'd spend on french or latin ( lots of schools also offer ancient greek ( or old greek ? ), 
  or spanish or italian would be spend on cs , biology , chemistry , whatever . 
  yes , language learning skills are basically stable at the age of 12 . 
  you ca n't really push a whole language in school until the pupils are 12 . 
  after that , knowledge about grammar helps the most . 
  especially if you stay in the germanic language . 
  just knowing much about german grammar made an old english book ( so basically german and icelandic grammar ) toilet lecture . 
  so instead of starting early does n't change much because you just ca n't do enough of the language in class to use this advantage properly . 
  but a good understanding about grammar would help a lot . 
  though , that never really happened on a level i 'd wish for in my english class . 
  in germany , we 've got the fsk for films and the usk for other entertainment stuff like games . 
  the fsk has the following rating : fsk 0 : for children . 
  no dark stuff at all because apparently , small children have problems with dealing with this stuff . 
  fsk 6 : same as fsk 0 but with dark plots . 
  seems like 6 years old children have the possibility to distance themselves better from such things . 
  fsk 12 : most of the stuff that would be broadcast at 8 pm is fsk 12 . 
  minor violence , nudity ( american pie is fsk 12 ) , no drugs or alcohol or stuff like that fsk 16 : everything except nudity that is there for the sake of nudity ( so no full frontal spread legs not simulated sex scenes ) and you wo n't find extreme racism , drug using , political extremism . 
  fsk 18 : everything that does n't break any laws ( like our anti propaganda laws or stuff like that ) . 
  for games and such , it looks similar . 
  i think i 'll have an easier time giving examples here . 
  usk 0 : family games like mario or stuff like that . 
  but also games that would n't harm a child but are not playable by a child younger than 6 . 
  like simulators or rpgs . 
  usk 6 : family cames with competition . 
  like mario kart for example . 
  also , more complex game play and higher difficulty . 
  usk 12 : combat focused games that allow keeping distance . 
  even military stuff like hearts of iron is usk 12 . 
  world of warcraft is probably the most famous example . 
  the fantasy setting allows , according to the usk , to keep distance to the game . 
  usk 16 : stuff like `` the witcher 2 '' was usk 16 . 
  so nudity ( if it 's not a porn game ) , violence and so on . 
  usk 18 : everything that does n't break any laws . 
  also , killing innocent people ca n't be helpful . 
  so in the german version of saints row 3rd , you could n't take civilians as a shield . 
  obviously , it ca n't break any laws which it does more often than in films . 
  the number always means the minimum age to buy the stuff . 
  though , people younger than 12 can watch fsk 12 films in the cinema with their parents . 
  the name is still weird , though . 
  you click `` next '' at the bottom of the comic . 
  raf : / though , i suppose that was n't as bad as the ira . 
  link ? 
  that was ruled illegal in germany by the federal court as far as i remember so either it 's not an eu law or a dutch law or germany has n't vetoed it when it was put in place . 
  edit : storing is n't actually that bad . 
  everything important ( even facebook and stuff like that ) does/can/should run via https which would would need some kind of decryption cracking which is probably too expensive / too resource demanding . 
  it 's a bit frustration if people claim to be german or irish or whatever without knowing a thing about the nation because those are also the people who you ca n't talk with . 
  people who actually know a bit are nice people to talk to because they can tell you interesting stuff about their heritage but the people who do n't know anything about germany ( as an example ) are the one that flip shit if you tell them that lederhosen are not really a thing in the part their family comes from ... 
  wrong place for such comments , i 'd say . 
  that 's almost as much negative karma whoring as posting such a thing in / r/britishproblems . 
  agnostic means `` do n't give a damn '' , right ? 
  because i was n't sure ... also , i 'd like to see a `` have you been baptised '' question next time . 
  i was n't raised catholic and i do n't live a catholic life style but i am baptised because that 's just what you do here in germany . 
  i know 2 people from school who were not baptised or officially a part of any religion . 
  the rest was either christian or a part of some other religion . 
  but only 1 girl i know was actually practising her religion . 
  i think the `` do n't know/care '' thing was bullshit . 
  i just do n't know much about scotland . 
  i ca n't have an educated opinion . 
  but i do care . 
  yep . 
  it 's more of a social and cultural question and not with the ethnicity . 
  thanks a lot . 
  320k people on your island and you still pop up everywhere on reddit . 
  i did n't know exactly what 's been going on in iceland . 
  i just know that is was sort of danish once and that then the icelanders did their language reform which was enough for the purpose . 
  but you 're right , the more you know . 
  thanks for that . 
  well , i asked that question on / r/linguistics and the contact with old norse was given to me as one reason as well as sound change . 
   it was the reduction of words through sound change as well as contact with old norse and norman that led to the loss of gender in english . 
  though english still has gender in it 's pronouns ( slowly losing that too as the 3rd person pronouns are replaced with * they/them ( 'em , from oe hem ) / their * ) . 
  we either generalise because it makes sense and it is something that fits for the whole continent or the eu or we make those comparison in threads like this one where it 's about americans making this comparison even though it 's nonsense . 
  if i 'd read comments that make nonsensical comparisons between the us and eu in / r/europe from europeans , i 'd call them out as well as i did here . 
  because it 's state vs country . 
  it 's not the same political entity . 
  you do n't compare apples with pears , do you ? 
  we here compare europe to the us because that 's the topic americans bring up constantly . 
  i most certainly would n't do that myself without any actual reason . 
  but you said that ...  all i 'm trying to say is that if it 's alright to compare the entire eu to the u.s. ( one country ) then ** why is it not ok to compare individual states within the u.s. to countries within the eu ? 
  then excuse me . 
  the comment was deleted but i 've read it before so i know what it was about but not who the author was and i assumed it was you . 
  it 's also almost 2 am and now , after i 've reread your comment more closely , it 's obvious that you 're not the author . 
  sorry about that . 
  you know that `` remotely the same time '' in europe means something around 200 years , do n't you ? 
  the problem is that your country is too big . 
  there is no room in europe to clearly say that there is more diversity . 
  it 's just not possible and like comparing all the americas to montreal . 
  though , if we talk about history , countries like germany , italy , france , greece and the uk would probably offer a lot more than the us . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  i have n't seen much people here actually claiming that the us is not diverse and that you do n't have history . 
  but from a european perspective , there is just not enough to justify separating those states . 
  especially from the perspective of a german . 
  bavaria has 1000 years independent history as `` the kingdom of bavaria '' . 
  but i do n't demand that you see bavaria as some americans here want us to see the states because it 's one country and i do n't expect foreigners to know the stuff or to care .
