  no one can know what exactly is happening . 
  we know they send encrypted messages which can be decrypted in a safe manner . 
  but is that all that gets sent ? 
  are our messages 100 % secure and private ? 
  there is no way i know of that can make sure that proprietary software is 100 % secure and private . 
  if there is a way , i 'd really like to know . 
  but for the time being : proprietary software like the whatsapp client + server ** ca n't be trusted 100 % . 
  are there really so many germans who are not doing this ? 
  i mean it in a way so things do n't get swept under a big rug . 
  if you choose to make a problem invisible , it 's still there . 
  sometimes it 's better to have an accurate and realistic picture . 
  and if you only allow something on private property , most people will never see it and maybe think it 's not there anymore . 
  but maybe it * is * there , but the law makes it so that you ca n't see it . 
  i think that may be worse than allowing it in the public . 
  well , that 's a big difference . 
  so you are allowed to wear a burka in restaurants , in the streets of the city . 
  just in some buildings and circumstances . 
   germany - since 1985 , according to \u00a7 17a abs . 
  2 versammlungsgesetz you may not disguise your identity in public meetings such as demonstrations so the police are able to identify you . 
  this violation can be fined with imprisonment up to one year . 
  it 's a common misconception that this law means that you * never * are allowed to disguise your face . 
  it * only * means that you are not allowed to do it while participating in officially registered demonstrations . 
  which are in most cases of political nature . 
  just meeting with a few friends in the city is a different thing . 
  -- nevertheless , i have to say that i do n't want this to happen in germany . 
  i think this is backwards . 
  this is not the right direction to take . 
  i think it would be better to encourage to accept differences and leave people be * who are not hurting anyone . 
  * what you say sounds like it would be impossible to make reasonable and secular decisions while wearing religious clothing . 
  imagine a christ , a muslim and a hindustan meet up to discuss a important topic . 
  they are all elected politicians . 
  would the cloth they wear have an impact on their discussion and it 's outcome ? 
   no preferential treatment for any religion , all religious ideas are equal and we are all one society . 
  if anybody could wear what they want , would n't that mean that everybody is the same ? 
  no one gets preferential treatment , because nobody is n't disallowed anything . 
  if you ask me , it would be better to allow anyone to live like they want everywhere , in opposition to disallowing everyone to live like they actually want . 
  as we got to see , not hurting anyone is a grey area when child care is taken into mind . 
  but as i already said , i do n't want to force parents on how to raise their children , as long as they are not intentionally or negligently damage their children . 
  that would not be freedom as i see it . 
  i 'd like to ask this here also : in your country , you are not allowed to smoke * anywhere * outside of your own property ? 
  a complete ban , so people are forced to smoke in their houses/flats or their yard and nowhere else ? 
  just to be sure we mean the same thing . 
  `` public space '' as in schools and universities , or as in everywhere , like pedestrian areas , restaurants , playgrounds , and practically every street anywhere ? 
  yes i actually do . 
  and there was actually a few times where i have expressed my opinion about this and get shouted at `` you 're just a stupid nazi , right !? '', 
  i did n't matter that i was there sitting right next to my best friend at that time - who happened to be a german with clearly visible turkish origin . 
  and i get that many people reading this will react like that . 
  somehow , being against a ban on uniforms and symbols is directly and inevitable making you a racist person . 
  i do n't think it actually works that way , if you ask me . 
  so why would i be against a ban on nazi symbols and uniforms . 
  because i think a ban on hurting and killing other people is enough . 
  you are not allowed to do this , regardless if you wear a shirt with a swastika on it or not . 
  but there is more to it . 
  by disallowing such clothing , you will never ever see how much nazis there are in your town . 
  you can never ever get to talk to them . 
  everything is in the underground . 
  which is it 's own kind of problem . 
  as we all got to see in the last months , there is quite a following in germany . 
  i just think it may be possible , that if you would wear your colors more openly , there would be more opportunities to talk about it ** in every day life ** and between people who know each other . 
  you could talk to friends , classmates , colleagues , employees and whoever . 
  after all , it never was the symbol or the uniform that caused harm . 
  it was the people who did the harm . 
  and today , we force the public to * dress * like how harmless people apparently would look like . 
  is that really a good idea ? 
   sorry for replying so slowly . 
  english is n't my first language so it takes some time to write this all out . 
  no problem . 
  english is n't my native tongue either . 
   -- so you are saying that the relative risk has to be determined and then , if a certain level of risk is found , the thing or method has to be banned . 
  what would you say about the risks to smoke ? 
  should it be banned or not ? 
  some things i just looked up at wikipedia : in 2004 , 5,400,000 people died directly related to smoking worldwide . 
  additionally in 2004 , 600,000 people died of second hand smoking , of which 165,000 were children . 
  overall life expectancy is also reduced in long term smokers , with estimates ranging from 10 to 18 years . 
  i understand that some of the taxes around tobacco end up in health care . 
  but i would really be surprised if it turns out , that the ridiculous high casualties directly related to smoking are somehow made up with the amount of money generated from taxes . 
  so maybe the answer is : it depends on how much you smoke . 
  would you want to regulate the amount of tobacco per person ? 
  or would you rather ban smoking completely ? 
  edit : one additional thing about body modifications . 
  breast enhancements are quite safe today . 
  there are some chances of problems , as it is with any surgery . 
  but there are still some chances of related injuries to the enhancement itself . 
  anyway - it is quite safe . 
  but it was n't all the time . 
  at the beginning , the risks were very much higher . 
  would you think it would be possible , that a ban of a certain method would inhibit the development of this or other methods because no one is interested - because it 's banned ? 
   all relgious garments should be banned from public spaces . 
  you are free believe in what you want and express your religious views , but not on the streets . 
  you have your homes , churches/moques , official religious gatherings , religious schools etc for that . 
  the nun can wear her habit , just not when she is in public . 
  i ca n't help being terrified about this . 
  this sounds * very * wrong to me . 
  do you really want to eradicate * any * religious signs , clothing or speech in the public space ? 
  that sounds horrible . 
  i just took a look at the results of a image search of the term '' [ religious clothing ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=religious+clothing&amp;safe=on ) '' . 
  if i understand you correctly , * none * of that would be allowed on the streets anywhere . 
  any person would only be allowed to wear this on his own property . 
  no cross necklaces . 
  no symbols of hinduism .
