sadly , this might not be the case . 
  there are multiple surveys about that . 
  and some are literally illiterate . 
  some even do not know how to write in their own language . 
  not many , but some . 
  source : german radio interview with a person who is giving training courses for teachers of the german language for foreigners . 
  thanks . 
  it somehow makes sense . 
  ~ ~ reverse racism ~ ~ white guilt is a thing . 
  it 's not imagination . 
  i think you got me wrong there . 
  i am definitely not defending purely economic migration . 
  germany is not obliged to give anyone a better life just because they demand it . 
  you are right that we are not obliged to this . 
  civil war refugees need food , shelter and education . 
  but there also is right now a good way to handle this . 
  there should be . 
  some refugee camps now exist for 3 years . 
  i think it is understandable that some will get to the conclusion that maybe syria will never be a home to them anymore . 
  i do n't know much about the struggle in syria , but it is a civil war that lasts at least 4 years . 
  if you gather enough will to actually leave your home country , you surely * hope * that syria will get better , but i assume you do n't hold your breath . 
  well ... imagine you are fleeing your country because you run for your life . 
  you seek for help and get it . 
  now you start a new life . 
  please choose : * a ) start a new life in a unknown country , which is said to be a little xenophobic and has medium economy . 
  * b ) start a new life in a unknown country , which is said to be a medium xenophobic and has low economy . 
  * c ) start a new life in a unknown country , which is said to be they are actually catering you while applying for asylum , get your whole family by plane if you want it and they all are rich !!, 
  ! 1 ^ this ^ information ^ might ^ be ^ slightly ^ exagerated . 
  what would you do ? 
  if i would be a refugee , i definitely would go to the country you hear the most good things about . 
  if there would be some european rules on how to divide the refugees to european countries , i of course would be happy to go where i would be assigned . 
  but as far as i know , there is none , and so the refugees start to decide for them selves where to go . 
  schools should teach values ? 
  that does n't sound right . 
  there can be courses about ethics ^ 1 , religions or rhetorics ^ 2 . 
  but they should be optional . 
  1 ) this is already critical . 
  dependent on * who * is the teacher , ethics are always coloured . 
  2 ) i do n't know if this is the correct english term . 
  i mean a course about how to discuss and having/letting have an opinion . 
  there is no actual reason to not do so . 
  the fact that it is uncommon to just do the plain obvious and best for everyone tells me much about whatever * ists * . 
  i believe there are actually some people who ( more or less ) literally think this . 
  it is kind of interesting , how one could never happen to be curious about how those pages come into existence . 
  or who is making them and why . 
  yes , i 'm very silly . 
  sorry for bothering you with my stupid questions and my silly opinion . 
  why do you think they ( the content creators ) ca n't figure that out ? 
   who are n't paying anyway that is the `` status quo '' they are trying to change . 
  you ca n't create good content without having money to live by . 
  pay systems are a good way . 
  i pay for a german gaming news website . 
  they let you pay what you want , and they disable ads completely . 
  i like what they are doing at their work and i pay for it . 
  because otherwise they could n't do it . 
   is it entitlement to use adblock to actually be able to read the article ? 
  no , it 's not entitlement to use adblock . 
  but it 's entitlement to force the content creators to work without using ads . 
  no one should tell anyone what to do . 
  after all , it 's not about choking little dogs . 
  if someone wants to place ads right beside their blog - just let them . 
  you are free to leave . 
  and they are free to display ads . 
  companies are not telling you what to do . 
  they are merely stating their conditions for their content . 
  you are free to do as they wish , but you do n't have to comply . 
  you can just leave the site if their conditions do n't suite you . 
  net people ? 
  what 's that ? 
  prisons are not always like the ones in movies/shows . 
   there are hardly any reasons to flee to sweden except the monetary benefits . 
  and i do n't even blame the refugees , because i would do the same . 
  the same goes for me . 
  if i ever have to leave germany because i 'm not safe here anymore - i surely would try to go to scandinavia . 
  it 's beautiful * and * monetary beneficial . 
  saying that refugees go somewhere because they get more there is not racist or anything . 
  it 's fucking common sense and * anyone * would do it . 
  yeah , you are absolutely right . 
  i took a big look at the world . 
  but for some countries , there is actually something that maybe should happen , else these particular societies will fade . 
  well , having less kids seems to be the symptom of something . 
  we should find out what it is . 
  it seem to be more wealthy and developed countries that `` suffer '' from this . 
  it is a really interesting topic . 
  do you realize that it 's not me that do n't want to have kids ? 
  i do . 
  i never said i do n't . 
  i just respect and understand the decision of others . 
  and further i do n't think this has anything to do with selfishness . 
  i made my point about it . 
  let 's phrase it that way : if i ever get a kid , and it grows up to an adult which decides to not have kids - this is ok for me . 
  i do n't want to impose some eternal duty on my kids . 
  my kids should be free to do whatever they want . 
  right , some countries - including the one i live in - have fewer newborns than ever in history . 
  but ... is that really a problem ? 
  a society can decide to stop growing . 
  why not have x million people more or less steadily in the next few decades/centuries ? 
  is it really beneficial ( on a big scale in the longer term ) to have as much kids as possible ? 
  you are right in the point where you say that other societies are going to take over the population , because they are having way more kids . 
  well , this is true , but what are we going to do about it ?
