  no shirts with phrases from any religious book . 
  is that really a good idea ? 
  if you ask me - i 'm straight out terrified of the idea . 
  i would really consider moving out of such a country . 
  one additional question : what would your answer be to my question before ? 
   body modifications are quite common . 
  piercings and tattoos are the most common ones . 
  but there are also heavier body modifications . 
  enhanced body parts like the breast are also somewhat common . 
  and then there are of course people who like to implant fancy stuff like metal horns in the skull , split their tongue and other different things . 
  would you want to ban all this ? 
  and what would be your reasoning ? 
   there is no third option here . 
  i have to disagree there . 
  those two options you proposed are not the only possible things to do . 
   it is indeed a problem if a person or a group is forcing their own peers to do what ** they ** want . 
  with `` they '' i meant the person or group that are forcing others . 
  otherwise , my sentence would n't make any sense . 
  thank you for your extensive answer . 
    in jordan , 83.3 % of women wearing the most covering style of islamic dresses were found to be deficient in summer time . 
  this is rather striking when compared to the fact only 18.2 % of jordanian men studied were found to be deficient . 
  your point about vitamin d is very interesting . 
  i read a lot about it in the last time . 
  in part because i 'm with the majority of europeans and have a severe deficiency . 
  i only had 10ng/ml of 25-hydroxyvitamin d3 ( or 25 ( oh ) d3 in short ) . 
  you should have at least 30 . 
  50-60 is good . 
  there are many studies being done , and the unison is that there is quite an overwhelming and serious deficiency in the population of western countries . 
  in parts , this is the case because * all * windows being used since a few decades are equipped with an uv-a and uv-b filter , which filters nearly all of light in this band . 
  in addition , we all are taught to never go into the sun without sunscreen . 
  sunscreen also blocks very big portions of both uv types . 
  you may want to let your levels checked . 
  be sure to ask about `` 25-hydroxyvitamin d3 '' levels , not the typically measured type . 
  i hope it 's alright . 
   i think education about those topics is really important and vital to anyones health . 
  and it seems as there should be done more studies and research about it . 
  europe just recently ( 2012 ) * doubled * the recommended intake . 
  it took me one year with regular sunbaths without sunscreen * and * medical grade supplements 3 times higher than the already doubled recommendation to lift my level to 28ng/ml . 
  anyways , i think we agree that vitamin d is a very good reason to not wear a burka the whole time . 
   so burkas are similar to chinese foot bindings - thus my argument . 
  i really have to disagree on this . 
  burkas * can * lead to the problems you showed . 
  but there is no way of binding your feet in a traditional chinese way that does n't lead to direct harm or injury . 
  there is so many clothing worn around the world that is n't healthy . 
  high heels might be a well known example . 
  everyone knows they are not quite good for your feet . 
  if you wear extreme ones exclusively , you will hurt your feet - and i think most people would agree here . 
  yet i suppose it would cause an uproar if anyone would try to ban this garment . 
  i 'd like to add that i am aware of the differences in pressure about those two pieces of clothing . 
  the one is a religious pressure , the other one more of a social one - and not quite so bold . 
  -- regarding the stories where people got punished/hurt/murdered for their choice of garment : it may seem to some that this is an oversimplification , but i have a simple stance on this . 
  the punishment/hurting/killing is wrong , not the garment . 
  if you hurt somebody because the person is n't looking or behaving like you expect , you are going against the law . 
  for me , it is * that * simple . 
  now , if you would tell me that this topic is not that simple and that there are delicate parts of the whole thing and it 's influence on people and society , i would wholeheartedly agree with you . 
  it * is * a complex issue . 
  i absolutely welcome any discussion about the religious aspects of such clothing . 
  this is part of the education which is necessary to enable a person to make a decision . 
  but the law should n't make sure that you do n't hurt yourself . 
  it should just make sure you do n't get hurt by other people . 
  -- regarding burkas for childs . 
  well , this is quite a topic . 
  what are parents allowed to do with their children ? 
  i do n't think there is an easy answer . 
  a quick shot answer from me might look like this : `` if they do n't intentionally harm their children , they can do what they want . '', 
  and as long as you do n't * intentionally * put a burka on your child because you want them to get less vitamin d - you should be allowed to do it . 
  same is when a parent believes that direct sunlight is under any circumstance unhealthy and keep their kids in the house for the most part , and only let them out with a thick coat of sunscreen - well , should n't it be their right to do it that way ? 
  * * ) this is a example i know of , it 's not made up . 
  i absolutely do n't think that this should be done - but they did . 
  should we disallow them to raise their kids this way ? 
  i do n't think i have much to say about this , but i would say that it is a part of freedom to raise your kids like you want to . 
   be careful . 
  by defending the burka/niqab/hijab . 
  you are advocating the partial abolishment of women 's right , you are advocating for child abuse , you are advocating for muslim ghettos where immigrant population do n't have any intention to integrate , you are advocating for victimization of women by destroing their health and so on , you are advocating for dimishing or european security and so on . 
  i really fail to see why you would think that . 
  i 'm not advocating the partial abolishment of anyone 's right . 
  i 'm not advocating child abuse . 
  i 'm not advocating muslim ghettos . 
  i 'm not advocating to destroy anyone 's health . 
  i 'm not advocating for reducing the security of europeans . 
  why would you think that ? 
  is allowing a burka really a definitive evidence of the toleration all those things ? 
   no , it 's a problem when a woman does n't want to wear a burqa but is forced to wear one because her husband/brother/whoever is forcing her to wear one , or else ... may i ask what you mean with that ? 
  you said `` no '' . 
  with what did you disagree with me ? 
  i 'm just trying to understand . 
   edit : i just read your edit from your post above . 
  well , you are of course right . 
  but this is the case with everything . 
  you might never know who will do/wear/eat / drink/say out of free will or enforcement . 
  that does n't say anything about the thing itself . 
   you have no arguments it puzzles me how it is possible for you to say this at this point into the discussion . 
   all men will pay ten fold what they 've done and do to women !, 
  now this is outright scary . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  then , instead of forbidding the type of cloth , the enforcement should be not allowed . 
  and i think in most countries it is already not allowed to force other people to do things they do n't want . 
  if you wa n't to bind your feet like that , well - i just hope you made an educated decision and know what you are doing with your feet . 
  why should i govern what you are doing with your own body ? 
  body modifications are quite common .
