  piercings and tattoos are the most common ones . 
  but there are also heavier body modifications . 
  enhanced body parts like the breast are also somewhat common . 
  and then there are of course people who like to implant fancy stuff like metal horns in the skull , split their tongue and other different things . 
  would you want to ban all this ? 
  and what is the problem about this case ? 
  the type of clothing , or the enforcement ? 
   hey it 's better to ban the burqa than to hate on muslims and join the far-right . 
  you are right , it would be the better option of these two options . 
  but why not try out a third option ? 
  it is indeed a problem if a person or a group is forcing their own peers to do what they want . 
  but why should forcing to * not * wear be better than forcing to wear ? 
  if you are concerned about people hitting other people , you should take in mind that this is already punishable . 
  you are not allowed to hit people . 
  regardless why . 
  is n't the hitting itself the problem we should care about , and not the reason why a person got hit ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-mask_laws#germany it covers the use of masks while demonstrating . 
  in normal life it 's allowed . 
  especially in winter . 
  it is because of the reduced attention span of people . 
  articles are better readable this way for everyone . 
  too much information may clog your brain . 
  just keep it simple . 
  it 's weird how casual everyone seems to act . 
  this is right to the point . 
  it sickens me . 
  this really sickens me . 
  germany is one hell of a country . 
  we have so much culture and knowledge . 
  we have a rich history of big thinkers and artists . 
  but we have the proud of a broken earth worm . 
  the public opinion in germany is so full of unreal political correctness , that there is not much substance left in most `` talks '' about a social topic . 
  i do n't even think that there 's a chance this will cure anymore . 
  it should have already . 
  it seems to get only worse . 
  this could play a big role in it . 
  the gras is always kinda shitty where you live . 
  but where would it be better ? 
  example : i 'm living in germany and my origin is germany . 
  my family can only talk about living in germany . 
  * edit  * so the gras is greener anywhere . 
  i can freely choose . 
  i do n't have to choose the greener gras - it must be very green where my family originated . 
  note : there is nothing wrong with having pride in any culture . 
  every culture is special on its own . 
  it 's just that it may lead to this effect . 
   edit : added i sentence i forgot . 
  never even heard of it . 
  just do it !, 
  ( why not ? ), 
   female gentital mutilation is a tradition which should be fought , not respected . 
  i agree . 
  but i would also add male genital mutilation . 
  and i would rather talk about it , than `` fight '' it . 
  hate is n't always the best method to end misery . 
  you do n't say ... 
  how much ? 
  feminism !, 
  well , i certainly can understand that the hassle can be just too much . 
  but then again , it 's only going to get worse if no one objects such behavior . 
  it would be interesting to know why i would never want to be on a platform with free and open discussion ? 
  can you tell me why i should avoid that ? 
  i agree that you can discourage , delete and ban any topic from your personal space , be it a forum , subreddit or anything . 
  i support that right . 
  however , i still am of the opinion that it might be better to not always make use of that right . 
  i think the rules regarding this in this subreddit should be changed . 
  that 's just my opinion . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not of the opinion that the rules of this subreddit equal censorship . 
   if you get 100 comments and 1 of them is from someone you might actually get through to with discussion , but the thread convinces 10 new people to become fascists/racists/nationalists , is that worth it to you ? 
  what makes you think that 10 % of the people reading a discussion about holocaust denial would become fascists ? 
  do n't you think that is a bit over the top ? 
  i just wrote something regarding that : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6mklyp/today_marks_22_years_since_the_srebrenica/dk37ihs/ i am rather interested how you define `` ignorance '' . 
  could you maybe address that ? 
  thanks . 
  i personally do n't think that * every * human being from the `` right/nationalistic/fascistic spectrum '' is a person who is willfully constructing false claims despite better knowledge . 
  i also do n't think that * every * one of those will * never * change his view . 
  this is just my personal opinion . 
  generally , i think that `` every one '' , `` no one '' , `` always '' and `` never '' are very strong words . 
  it is rather easy to formulate a statement with those terms that does n't hold true in the real world . 
  if you take that in mind , my standing on that matter might make more sense . 
  of course it is debatable how many people could be reached by discussion . 
   but we need to keep collected and not get antsy/irritated i wholeheartedly agree . 
  staying calm and reasonable is the core of my idea of discussing potentially heated topics . 
  it 's not always easy , but i think it 's worth learning and doing it . 
   except , it is never a single person asking an honest question from a place of ignorance . 
  depending on how you define `` ignorance '' , i agree . 
  if you mean it in the willful way , then yes : a person who is willfully ignoring certain facts - which means the person is willfully not taking the facts in mind - then the honesty of such a person is questionable . 
  if you define ignorance as `` unaware '' , then i disagree . 
  just being unaware of something does n't mean that the questions that root from a lack of knowledge are dishonest . 
   i would have a policy like yours in my real life , but online this attitude has gotten us ... brexit and trump . 
  i do n't quite understand that . 
  does this mean that free and open discussion has led to brexit and trump ? 
  how so ? 
  you are suggesting i stated that i want to discuss a in a forum about b. i do n't think that i said anything like that . 
  besides : i do n't think anyone would get banned for posting non-relevant topics . 
  just telling them that there are better suited forums for a certain topic will be sufficient . 
  your examples are rather extreme , but i can certainly comment on that . 
   the best way to make chemical weapons and use them on population centers if i would participate in such a discussion , i would ask why that would be done and what the benefits would be . 
  i would then argument to my best knowledge why i would advise against such broad attacks on civilians .
