  if most people would think that it is a good idea to make chemical weapons and kill thousands of civilians and the laws are changed to make it possible , then that would be certainly a dark day . 
  obviously , this is a decision i do n't support . 
  if i understand you correctly , you suggest that disallowing to * talk * about that would prevent such a thing . 
  is that correct ? 
   i think your view is very selfish and dangerous . 
  you have a blind belief in something and likely have never been the victim of acute hate speech or similar attacks . 
  you get to keep your belief , but others get to pay the price . 
  the scariest thing is that you 're not questioning your belief at all . 
  how selfish is that ? 
  i do n't really understand what makes you think like that about me . 
  do you really think that just believing in free and open discussion is making me blind and selfish ? 
  i think your argument is called a straw man . 
  i want to talk to people you do n't want anyone to talk to . 
  for you , that makes me human garbage . 
  is that correct ? 
  that is a much better example . 
  trolling incorporates the knowledge that the statement is wrong . 
  i of course wo n't discuss with people who does n't even want to discuss in the first place . 
  but someone who would legitimately ask why 1 +1 = 3 is wrong would be worth my attention . 
  bonus question : 1 = 0,99999999 ... is this statement trolling or is it not ? 
   no discussion is gon na help do i understand it correctly that you are stating that there is no and never will be any holocaust denying human being that will question his views after any discussion ? 
  if you ask me , that is an extreme statement . 
  well , if someone would make such a broad statement ( `` holocaust did n't happen '' for example ) i would ask what specifically made them think that way . 
  even if the answer from that guy would be `` lol fuck you '' , there would be still this thread visible to anyone . 
  anyone can see that this guy was not able to back up his claim . 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
   history gets rewritten all the friggin time . 
  the only defense is to keep the people from trying it . 
  i have to * strongly * disagree on this . 
  any truth should stand any discussion or opposition . 
  any statement should be allowed to be discussed . 
  in a way , forbidding discussion about certain topics is a kind of informational dictatorship . 
  i do n't want that . 
  i do n't support anyone to be silenced , deleted and banned . 
  talking is always better than banning words , opinions and views . 
   saying historical documents are falisified and thus extinction events have not happend is not a view you can comment on . 
  i ca n't imagine an example where i literally can not comment on . 
  would you mind to give an example ? 
  for me , a discussion can be had without any participant changing their views immediately . 
  the things being discussion will be in the memory of everyone , be it active participants or passive readers , and could lead to change at some point in the future . 
  it wo n't necessarily happen . 
  why would we take this chance away by deleting and banning people with certain views ? 
  what is the benefit of it ? 
  i advocate for free and open discussion about * any * topic and opinion . 
  if someone disagrees with any view on humans history , regardless how much the view differs from the consensus , he should be able to express the view while others should be able to comment on that view . 
  i do think this leads to more much needed discussion and information around any topic . 
  i think i 'll make a very stupid and simple example : if someone posts `` 1 +1 = 3 '' in a math subreddit - should he get banned ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  discussion , reason and facts are way better at dealing with such things ~ ~ and ~ ~ than just banning and deleting the post . 
  you need to be heard so that other people can approach you . 
  if i would have a misinformation about something , i would rather be heard and discussed . 
  it would not change my view if i just would be silenced and banned . 
  edit : a word, 
  this whole thing was a bad idea . 
  most people who commented on my question were trying to disagree with an argument i never made . 
  i 'm not upset , and i did n't try to take anything away from people who had a bad time . 
  i get the feeling that even asking a question about this topic is seen as a bad thing to do . 
  only one person actually gave me a link to useful information . 
  i think i 'll rather watch the linked interview about the topic . 
   but if you really have questions then call your local frauenhaus and ask them . 
  yes , i actually have a question . 
  apparently , the question i posted above was not viewed as a `` real '' question by many . 
  if you want to say that aggressive husbands should not visit , then yes , of course . 
  they should not . 
  but that does n't explain why there should not be male employees . 
  i do n't understand why you are interpreting my posts like that . 
  if you ask me , that 's * way * off the rail . 
  maybe i 'm just not good at formulating things , but it was absolutely not my intention to say the things you summarize here . 
  i think this topic deserves a serious discussion . 
  take it however you want , but i do n't think you are paying respect to this topic . 
  ( english is not my native tongue , i hope i get across what i mean . ), 
  i 've heard of some cases and know a few of them personally , but none of them were even remotely close to this . 
  you say that it is pretty common in a frauenhaus that a women goes there because she was treated to badly by so many men , that she developed a general fear of men . 
  do you have any statistic on that ? 
  thanks !, 
  well , i have to disagree with your definition of rare and commonplace . 
   i do n't know about workers ( though the vast majority of social workers are female ) well , that 's just anecdotal , but my experience is the other way around . 
  most social workers i 've met were men . 
   it is probably easier to keep all men out than have an abuser try to sneak in and find the person that they have been harming . 
  if there is the concern that a person could go into the frauenhaus and do harm , it would be more helpful to have the living area restricted to visitors who have to pass an desk . 
  after all , all humans can inflict harm , and it would be sexist to think that only men could go into a frauenhaus and hurt someone . 
  women could do that as well , and in the ( stereo ) - typical love triangle , they could have reason to do just that . 
  also , imagine a woman has a best friend who happens to be male . 
  she could n't have him visit her because of his gender . 
  or imagine your daughter/granddaughter/sister / mother would be in a frauenhaus . 
  you could not visit her because you are male . 
  would that be good ? 
  if i understand you correctly , you are talking about a person who was abused by very many men she had a relationship of any kind with . 
  i do understand what you are saying . 
  such a person could develop an general fear of male humans . 
  i think it is advisable and understandable that in this case , only/mostly women should take care of her . 
  but i do think , and surely hope , that these cases are rather rare . 
  i do not think that it would be a good idea to remove any male worker from a frauenhaus , just because there might be such a case . 
  special care can be arranged as is needed . 
  but after all , even in such a case , it should be part of the healing process to deal with men again . 
  but maybe such cases are not so rare as i think ? 
  if you happen to know of any statistic about this or personally know a person who had that problem , i 'd be happy to know more about this . 
  thanks !, 
  why is that ? 
   obviously men are forbidden from entering .
