  just throwing little humans at the problem ? 
  if a particular society is going to fade out because other societies are having more babies under circumstances this particular society does n't think it 's good , then that 's the way it 's going to happen . 
  if the only solution would be to compete in a shitty race , then i 'd rather just fade and be history . 
  the world is a finite place and ca n't hold infinite humans . 
  at some point we should cool it down . 
  in germany for example , one third of the country consists of forest . 
  i 'd really like to keep it that way . 
  hating my opinion will not change anything . 
  if the society wants to exist and function in the future , then the society has to make sure this will happen . 
  i 'm sure there are better ways than shaming people who do n't want children . 
  and if you think about it - right now the world is having more of a problem with overpopulation . 
  on a bigger scale : i neither do think that the human race * has * to exist nor am i responsible for that . 
  having no children is selfishness ? 
  that 's a bit of a stretch , is n't it ? 
  you are correct . 
  but i would say using a vpn and virtualized systems is - for the regular user - not really `` easy '' . 
  it also looses a lot of user comfort , because the system is meant to be wiped frequently . 
  i think there are few people that use this for regular computer usage . 
  i do n't think this is the case . 
  it is of course relatively easy to avoid standard trojans from `` regular '' criminals . 
  there are so many known and * unknown * bugs and/or backdoors in software systems . 
  you might be using a system right know that 's very easy to crack . 
  maybe someone knows about a security hole and has not told anyone about it and could use it to intrude your system gaining admin/root privileges . 
  if you ask me , i would say that organizations with a certain amount of resources and knowledge ( like governments ) can enter your system remotely if they wish . 
  the only way to be 100 % sure nobody without physical access can intrude your system is to pull the plug - no internet . 
  ~ ~ linux ~ ~ linus torvalds ( linux founder ) phrased it like something like this : bugs are often security holes . 
  you just ca n't be sure to have a bug free system . 
  how would you know that there is no bug . 
  and still there are actual backdoors , still . 
  edit : actually got the name wrong , dammit ... 
  tech-savvy = = believing to know how to prevent hacking, 
  warning shots onto metal ? 
  what about ricochet ? 
  and then directly shooting onto the person , instead of the tires ? 
  is this `` hollywood training '' that comes through in these situations ? 
  and to be honest : if i would sit in a window with a camera while filming this situation ... the moment they draw projectile weapons is a good moment to hide behind a sturdy wall . 
  ah , that 's the topic !, 
  i 'm very sorry for interrupting your discussion with my irrelevant comment . 
  please ignore it and go on . 
  my comment was not about syrians or other people . 
  it 's a general thing , i think . 
  my comment was about what kind of people are fleeing from war . 
  my `` claim '' : anyone who wants to live . 
  `` even '' ( judged by european values ) assholes . 
  let 's assume a country sees it ca n't provide for every asylum seeker . 
  let 's assume there are capacities for 100 people , but there are 200 people in your emergency shelter , waiting for their asylum approval . 
  what if some of them lied in the asylum process ? 
  what if some of them broke local law ? 
  what if some of them broke it a few times already ? 
  what if there is no place for some of the people who have shown respect and tolerance for local law and culture , who have shown gratitude , who have been honest from the start ? 
  should we not favor those ? 
  this is an honest question , as i have no answer for myself which satisfies me . 
  if i would have place for 5 people at my very own house , it seems the answer is clear : those who shit my home that i provided for others for shelter can leave and i take in some people who were respectful and honest . 
  but a private home is a very different thing in comparison to a whole country . 
  a completely different thing . 
  favoring some people has a slight taste of `` selection '' , which comes with an aftertaste . 
  but then again , why should we accept any behavior ? 
  or should we ? 
  i 'm actually kinda lost here . 
  edit : i am commenting on the question why people who would flee war would still be `` assholes '' . 
  this is very general comment , which is not directed to any crisis right now . 
  -- people are fleeing from war because they want to live . 
  they still are the same people they were before the war started . 
  some people are assholes , some people are mysognists , some are misandrist , some are homophobe , some are extremists , and then a lot are just people . 
  they all want to live . 
   their children and grandchildren may be a big part of the solution for germany 's problem of dwindling population . 
  i do n't think this is all we need to do . 
  lets assume those people integrate very well . 
  they are now german people , like any other german . 
  according to that , they should get less and less childs . 
  ( actually this seems to be studied and true , as i 've been told ) . 
  if they really integrate and become germans , then the problem will still be there . 
  just stuffing new meat into society is * not * a solution . 
  it just postpones the problem ( at best ) . 
  things have to change , so that families have more inventive and possibilities to procreate . 
  there is a reason why the birth rate is so low . 
  we should be talking about this and try to find ways how to treat it . 
  am german . 
  tried it . 
  got called `` nazi '' multiple times . 
  i did n't even helped having very long hair , wearing a baja hoodie and heavily flared pants . 
  having mostly non-aryan buddies at that time also did n't help . 
  the thing is ( jokes aside ) : germans once pointed fingers at certain people . 
  now germans try to let that never happen again - by trigger-happy pointing fingers at certain people . 
  i 'm not even joking ... -- to the smart pants that want to point out , that clothes do not make one nazi or not . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  you 're just an asshole . 
  the headline is a bit ambiguous , but the article is making this very clear . 
  this is not about deporting anyone , but only those whose asylum apply got rejected . 
  ... calmer than you are . 
  what do you mean `` leave them alone '' ? 
  imagine you lived in syria , not third world , but not eu style wealthy either . 
  but it did ok before the civil war . 
  you are hearing of this very nice europe . 
  they 're all rich there , they even make those funny memes with first world problems . 
  civil war happens , you have to flee . 
  you think that you should go to europe , as things are much better there . 
  wow !, 
  now one of the wealthiest eu country actually asks you to come there . 
  they are waving and made cute signs with little hearts on it !,
