  ah , well , that 's sufficient enough evidence for me . 
  bloody frogs ca n't let us have anything, 
  the queen wears fancy hats all the time , she probably did n't even pick her outfit , there is no political expression here ( at least not from her maj , maybe her stylist , who knows ) . 
  i 'd imagine she is n't wearing the crown either because the timing of the speech was quite last minute , so it may not have been prepared , or she 's too old to wear it for a long period of time . 
  it 's the flag of [ gibraltar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar ) , british overseas territory that has always been a source of tension between spain and the uk . 
  reminds me of our [ 2012 olympics kits ] ( https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/59239000/jpg/_59239991_team_gb_straight_getty.jpg ) . 
  i 've always envied estonia 's colour scheme , it works with everything . 
   greater brittany well , that is the old version of our island 's name , 
  could be worse , you could be irish or spanish and france 's flag here would have wound up looking almost exactly like the uk 's, 
  huh always thought it was a polandball flair ... 
  because i used / u/innocuousspaniard 's post as a [ base ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6ikn0u/tilted_flags_now_with_coat_of_arms_for_extra/ ) so , you 'd have to ask her or him i 'm afraid, 
  ... i actually just copied and pasted the image that was used earlier, 
  laugh now , but poland is getting bradford, 
  [ maybe if you look really closely ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sm7k9hg.gif ), 
  slovenia 's blue is actually * very * slightly lighter, 
  no worries , 
  totally okay !, 
  on such a tricolour-happy continent it 's easy to assume the colours do n't have social connotations , i 'd suggest using two colours for the triangle in the middle for the horizontal tricolours , 
  the green represents catholics , the orange represents protestants , the white represents peace between them . 
  so extra colour gives extra importance to one side ( and many would argue the `` wrong '' side , as the republic of ireland is overwhelmingly catholic , with most protestants living in northern ireland ), 
  ooh the irish are n't gon na be happy about you giving extra space to the orange, 
  lol , you called me naive , asked if i was trump , gave me an unnecessary lecture on what you think i think trade deals are , then complained about me throwing some insults back , brilliant . 
   priorities yes , and i 'd imagine a trade deal with one of the world 's largest economies and one of the eu 's biggest trading partners would be a rather high priority , hence why i think an eu-uk trade deal would be a good idea . 
  i have enough faith in the eu to negotiate more than one trade deal at a time , they 've been doing it just fine so far . 
   reasoning based on `` some insane turn of events '' it was a hypothetical situation in response to the fear of the eu falling apart due to an eu-uk trade deal , i 'm sorry you did n't grasp that . 
  she was raised to show that statesmanship and can focus entirely on it , unlike politicians it would be weird if she was n't one of the best at it to be honest, 
  jesus , that 's probably the smuggest message i 've had sent to me on this topic , and that really is saying something , it 's basically the dunning -- kruger effect personified , i 'm actually impressed , how old are you ? 
  other countries manage to arrange trade deals without free movement , shared citizenship , shared currency , shared parliament , that was my point ( well , actually my point was about europe trading without a single market if the eu dissolved , if that , by some insane turn of events , becomes what the people of europe want , the comment you replied to was nothing to do with eu-uk trading relationship ) trade deals do n't have queues , it 's a big more complicated than that , and an institution that represents 440 million people can handle negotiating more than one trade deal at the same time . 
  i 'm fully aware of the importance of trading agreements , which is why i 'd like the uk to be able to make them without having to deal with 27 other countries , and why i want the eu and uk to have a trade agreement for the good of all of us . 
  yes , i know not sure what your point is , with single market off the table the only way to avoid those checks would be a complete trade embargo . 
  the transfer of eu law to british law will be part of the so-called `` great repeal bill '' , which will be our `` brexit bill '' , this puts us in a perfect position to negotiate a deal from . 
  although trade deals do n't generally require all products to share regulations , only goods going between the relevant parties , i 'm sure iceland and china have n't harmonised their standards following their trade deal . 
  ultimately , we 'll likely work out a ceta + style deal and continue to work together as the close allies we are , i understand emotions are running high right now but britain is not a rogue nation that is hostile to the eu , nor is the eu an organisation hostile towards britain . 
  the gratitude of every subreddit in our island , in our ** totally still real and important ** empire , and indeed throughout the website , except in the abodes of / r/europe , goes out to the british trolls who , undaunted by downvotes , unwearied in their constant insults and mortal bitterness , are turning the tide of the karma war by their boredom and by their unemployment . 
  never in the field of human shitposting were so many upvotes owed by so many to so few, 
  we shall fight in the subreddits , we shall fight in the karma mines , we shall fight in the comments and in the titles , we shall fight in the shitposts ; we shall never surrender, 
  yeah i know , it was a slow day at work though , could n't resist, 
  that 's the most german response you could have given , i love it, 
  and that reply the diplomacy version of getting drunk and texting us at 3am . 
   i honestly feel that 's mainly a position here on this sub yeah i know , honestly it 's barely even came up with my continental friends , and even then it 's only really explaining why deporting every eu immigrant would be both insane and impossible . 
  people obviously care more about their own lives . 
  but we 're just as tired of the whole thing as everyone else . 
   i honestly hope you manage it . 
  thank you , i 'm sure we will , one way or another , it 'll be alright in the end . 
  we 'll still be here , we 'll still be your allies and friends , and we may even rejoin one day , who knows . 
  oh of course it is n't , the eu offers great things , it 's just often presented as a key reason indirectly by people . 
  to be fair terrible organisation and the situation looking dire but then somehow snatching victory from the jaws of defeat is basically british history in a nutshell . 
  but , yeah , i 'm growing gradually more nervous , had no idea a government could be so incompetent . 
  and soon you 'll be rid of us !, 
  you seem upset about it though ... 
  i wrote the word `` if '' once . 
  special deals the rest of the eu agreed to , many that other eu members have , and were generally only delivered because britain disagreed on europe 's direction and the eu would rather offer us an opt out than reconsider the direction . 
  germany and the netherlands rank higher than france in terms of uk trade , france is important though , 3rd in the eu and i want to say around 7th overall . 
  it 'll certainly be better for the eu in the long term , as you say we were never truly in , although i 'd advise against assuming the uk was the only anti-integration voice , i 'd imagine you 're going to hear a lot more scandinavian and eastern complaints in the future . 
  i appreciate you taking the time to do that , your english is far better than my french . 
  my point is a trade deal is in the interest of the eu 's members that trade directly with britain , their economies should n't suffer because the eu wants to make a point and scare countries away from leaving the eu . 
  yeah , that 's an issue with the project that you 'll need to work on , still a good idea though ( although i think just a single star would be more visually striking and artistically interesting ), 
  vexillology is how i started my career as a graphic designer  this a nice project , but really it 's a shame to see england singled out so much in these kind of things , i know brexit is happening and jokes are jokes but it 's getting a bit old and predictable . 
  it 's just banter do n't take it too seriously, 
  i 'm just asking for it to be consistent . 
  or is this one of the days where wales is n't part of perfidious albion ? 
  normally tuesdays are a brexit-traitor day for them . 
  shit , if those jobs really do leave then we might have to actually do a full days work to make up for it . 
  yeah , i 've known that for a while . 
  i 'm just a bit stubborn really , and we all need ways to procrastinate at work . 
  think i 'll call it a day here though . 
  i find it honestly amazing how many times i 've said a eu-uk trade deal is the smart outcome and that avoiding that to scare eu members against leaving is foolhardy yet been met had a response that is completely ignoring the point and just insulting the uk, 
  i do n't really see how that has anything to do with what i just said, 
  are you purposefully ignoring my point ? 
  there is an inevitable consequence to leaving , i 'm saying the eu should n't need to seek to make it worse than it will be . 
   why stay ? 
  well , that should be obvious , should n't it ? 
  free movement , schengen agreement , the euro , economic support , business easier to do in the single market , part of a greater voice on the world stage , erasmus . 
  surely there is more to the eu that britain getting a trade deal upon leaving would n't be enough for people to lose faith in the project ? 
  it 's rather concerning to celebrate the eu being held together by fear of an economic downturn , if that is the case ( which i do n't believe it is but many pro-eu people do ), 
  no england or uk ? 
  i mean i get scotland and northern ireland if you want to be passive aggressive about it but wales voted leave too . 
  this conversation started because someone said negotiating a trade deal would n't be in the eu 's best interest , the uk wants one ( and so does the eu but nevermind that for now ) , so if the eu refuses to come to the negotiating table after brexit is dealt with then that is the eu actively hindering eu-uk trade . 
  now , the eu has the right to do that of course , but it would make the eu half responsible for a downfall in trade . 
  i 'm * not * hoping for that , it 's people on the eu side who are terrified that arranging a trade deal with britain would lead to it falling down , i 'm saying it wo n't happen and it 's foolish to think it will . 
  i 've had three other people explain that exact same thing ( which i perfectly understand ) so i wo n't reply if it 's okay with you . 
  the `` gun to the head '' analogy was in response to the person i replied to 's final point of it not being in the eu 's interest for britain to leave without `` consequence '' , which implies the eu would hinder it 's trade with britain to send a message to the members , i 'm just wondering if that message is really what the eu should be sending to it 's members . 
  never said we wanted to reap the benefits while being outside the single market , we all accept it 's going to an economic hit at least in the short term . 
  i 'm asking if `` it 's really not in eu interest to let you leave without any consequence '' is a good model to unite europe with . 
  no one is asking for the benefits of the single market to be maintained without the costs , but european nations traded before the eu/eec/ecsc , i 'm saying we can trade outside of it just fine . 
  `` it 's really not in eu interest to let you leave without any consequence '' sounds an bit like economic extortion . 
  i 'm not asking for you to compromise the 4 freedoms , just suggesting that * maybe * `` you 'll be purposefully isolated if you leave '' is n't the best reason for a country to want to stay in the eu . 
  trade deals are n't special treatment , i 'm merely suggesting that if maintaining trade with one of the least-integrated members is enough to bring the whole thing tumbling down , the eu is clearly built on weak foundations . 
  then there is no need to worry about every country following the uk 's lead, 
  well , if trade without political integration is what the people of europe want , is n't that what they should have ? 
  yes but mostly because it 's an internationally recognised brand and the uk would get nothing but a huge cost and huge loss in tourist merchandise if we changed the flag i imagine if we were to change the flag , it would be at least 30 years after that part has left . 
  northern ireland leaving would see us revert to our [ first flag ] ( http://www.oncampus.global/siteimg/viewpg/ugc-1/fullnews/news/2580/2625_original.jpg ) , scotland leaving would likely mean the black from wales ' [ st. david 's flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_saint_david#/media/file:flag_of_saint_david.svg ) replacing the blue , so , [ something like this ] ( https://assets.wired.com/photos/w_1000/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/new-uk-flag-02.jpg ) ( pretend the red x is centred ) although really , i ca n't see us changing it and it simply being another one of our many quirks if any part left , branding is important to a country after all , the entire uk could split up and i could see england 's official name being `` the united kingdom of england '', 
  one would imagine the eu is good enough that one of the wealthiest european countries surviving outside of it is n't enough to encourage the entire thing to fall apart . 
  britain was always the most eurosceptic member , if you think a good trade deal with us will cause the eu 's downfall , you clearly have no faith in the project . 
  well , yes , and the uk has agreed to the eu 's terms in the order . 
  the eu 's position of no trade talks until `` significant progress '' on exit talks seems the most logical anyway . 
  when we say `` free trade '' we mean it in the way literally every other country does when they say `` free in mutually agreed areas but not universally free , obviously ''  which you probably get worse one than some distant country why ? 
  `` maximum '' is quite clearly used as `` highest possible amount '' , it is n't inconsistent to want to leave the single market while retaining the highest amount of trade freedom possible . 
  if they actually meant `` maximum '' we would n't be leaving the single market . 
  none of them endorsed remaining in the single market while controlling immigration though , which is what people think the uk wants .
