as someone who lives in london i 'm happy to see its defining feature can be seen from space, 
  you can , there are grey patches where london , manchester and dublin are , you can also make out birmingham/the west midlands and cardiff . 
  you ca n't really see any detail but cities are noticeable . 
  well , london is the obvious choice i suppose , it has most things you could want , but is incredibly busy and expensive . 
  the biggest cities outside of london are [ birmingham ] ( https://bpsbirmingham.co.uk/wp-content/themes/bps-bham-wp-theme/images/cropped.jpg ) and [ manchester ] ( http://i2.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/business/business-news/article5861420.ece/alternates/s1200/manchester-city-skyline-dusk.jpg ) and i prefer them , they 're like mini-londons but affordable and with their own character . 
  although if you 're after beautiful cities with old buildings , [ bath ] ( https://www.nationaltrust.org.uk/images/1431734876633-939468.jpg ) , [ oxford ] ( https://www.ox.ac.uk/sites/files/oxford/styles/ow_large_feature/public/field/field_image_main/gaf-sunset-skyline-sheng-peng.jpg?itok=lihjwkaf ) and [ edinburgh ] ( https://freshwaterscot.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/calton_hill.jpg ) are the ones you want . 
  for natural beauty , i loved the [ welsh valleys , ] ( http://www.yestolifenotomining.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/wales.jpg ) [ scottish highlands ] ( https://www.visitscotland.com/cms-images/destinations/highlands/loch-leven-view ) and [ cornish beaches ] ( http://cdni.condenast.co.uk/810x540/a_c/beach-at-porthcurno-saint-levan-cornwall-conde-nast-traveller-18aug16-alamy_810x540.jpg ) ( not that i think we can really compete with argentina on beaches ) but to be honest with you , ireland has us beat when it comes to natural landscapes , would really recommend visiting them if you 're over here long enough . 
  everyday changes from brexit ( other than the political changes ) , well , the only one i 've really noticed is that food is slightly more expensive . 
  some people lost friends , and i lost one , i voted leave and she was * incredibly * pro-remain , and we had a bit of a falling out when she went on a `` leave voters are racist/misled/evil '' rant after the vote , but emotions were running high in the days after the vote . 
  these days it does n't come up much , i 'll sometimes have some jokes with friends about me being an racist nationalist and them being unpatriotic defeatists , but that 's all in good fun  i 'm sure there were greater divides among some , luckily all my family voted leave and my friends were evenly split , but able to handle it respectfully . 
  this sounds like exactly my kinda thing , thanks for the new band !, 
   like cgp grey said did n't he also say there was something like 97 % chance of scotland leaving the uk if the uk leaves the single market ? 
  and he gave more than 0.0000000000001 % chance to london becoming a city state , i do n't trust his word too much . 
  great britain is accepted political shorthand for the uk, 
  does n't it make you proud to be scottish ? 
  that 's just part and parcel of discussing politics on the internet, 
  wales would be granted an independence referendum if it asked for one , your situation is n't the same as catalonia 's . 
  i do n't like the sound of that , sounds a bit * french *, 
  oh of course i know the uk is the closest european ally of the us , and it shows . 
  ( but personally i 'd say we were denied entry to the eec for so long because france did n't want a country that could rival their dominant influence ) the uk will just sit between the two of you really , i ca n't see us siding massively with one or the other , or there being an issue where we 'd need to . 
  we 'll be like europe 's canada , fairly content to sit above you , closely linked but not a political part . 
  interesting how we 're both russia * and * a us puppet . 
  got any more cliches you want to throw out ? 
  oooh how about the one about how we 're obsessed with our empire and have n't realised it 's gone ? 
  i 'm really not interested in discussing it again , i 'm well aware how strongly this sub feels about britain paying whatever price the eu pulls out of the hat . 
  i 'm sure you 're just as open to britain getting a percentage of all eu projects , seeing as we contributed to them . 
  this is n't a `` payback '' , this is us leaving the eu , i was just pointing out the difference in reaction and how entertaining i found it . 
  i do n't see why an integrated eu means anything bad for nato , even if it does and nato breaks apart , a unified eu and independent uk can easily take care of themselves , and each will find a natural ally in the other . 
  i do n't see how this is britain damaging trust though , people knew this was going to happen and it 's not like the eu has taken the news of our departure that well . 
  well , you were threatening it if we do n't pay to keep you afloat for half a decade . 
  anyway , there it is , only the uk can possibly act in a hostile or unruly manner . 
  i know , but this would n't be happening if it was n't for brexit , and i just had to poke fun at this sub 's support of a `` divorce bill '' and possibly severing trade but ardent opposition to britain doing anything to protect its interests . 
  i 'm sorry , but europe ca n't cherrypick what parts of britain 's eu membership it wants to keep, 
  but the uk is a country , we call england , wales , northern ireland and scotland countries and in many ways they are , but , legally , they are regions of the uk . 
  these nazi jokes are n't reich , anne frankly , i 've had it up to heil with them, 
  everyone has been saying this since he started , he 'll stubbornly hang on while his rabid followers celebrate an election defeat . 
  we ca n't get rid of him . 
  yeah he has zero right to complain about backbench rebellions , or things like `` the coup '' . 
  but the cabinet is another level really , you need a united cabinet at the very least . 
  yes but realistically their euroskeptic wing is n't nearly as strong as the tories , so would be more willing to compromise on some issues to protect jobs, 
  i never said * more * would come , just that many still would . 
  but believe whatever you want , so long as you get to take a dig at the uk of course !, 
  honestly ? 
  i do n't know , but every little helps . 
  potentially fewer eu students will come , but i 'm sure plenty will be still interested , after all they come to study in england and wales despite tuition fees , i see no reason why they would n't in scotland . 
  you 've changed the subject again , you said eu students wo n't want to come here , i explained why they will so now you want to talk about something else . 
  i understand you only want to talk about areas you think you can easily criticise the uk in but i 'm not interested in watching you jump back and forth , goodbye . 
  okay first the subject was labour 's position on the single market , then brexit negotiations , then the uk 's class divide , then ireland and sweden , then tuition fees , and now eu students . 
  the uk leads europe by a mile in terms of internationally ranked universities , as with most things there may be some damage but the sky wo n't fall and britain will remain a great place to live and study after brexit . 
  if you 're just going to grab a word i said and respond with another paragraph about different ways you think the uk is doomed then i 'm not particularly interested in continuing this conversation . 
  i never blamed the eu for the uk 's domestic failings , just said that parts of the eu can lead to domestic failings , i did n't think i needed to clarify that yes , of course governments can offset that risk and that yes , uk governments have failed to do so . 
  not sure why you brought up uni tuition though , it 's possible to make tuition fees work . 
  in the uk for example , england 's repayment terms take a tiny slither off your salary , but up in scotland their free tuition system has led to fewer working class students going to uni compared to england ( although that may improve once they can charge eu students and afford more places for scots ), 
  yes , but that would be happening if we voted remain , possibly worse in the long term while free movement increases competition for low skill work and affordable housing ( not that a tory brexit will help those things ) i thought you were just talking about our chances of surviving brexit when you mentioned collapse . 
  it was a joke mate . 
  point is , we 'll be fine in the end , the promised recession from hell has n't came despite the intention to leave the single market and our government 's incompetence , if we can go through the year we 've had with things generally remaining alright then brexit will be bumpy at parts but we 're not going to collapse . 
  well , those people probably should have glanced over the manifesto , especially seeing as it what was turned labour 's fortunes around . 
  although to be fair , a labour government would probably mean a * softer * brexit , but not necessarily a soft one . 
  we 're far from collapse though , looking incompetent and doomed before somehow pulling victory from the jaws of defeat in basically british history in a nutshell . 
  difference is he was never in the cabinet, 
  corbyn was never a cabinet minister , he is n't punishing rebellious backbenchers, 
  there 's a difference when you 're a member of the shadow cabinet and the leadership calls a three line whip , at that point it 's either vote as you 're told or resign from the shadow cabinet . 
  backbenchers can generally rebel a lot more , but when you 're in the party 's inner circle you 're supposed to vote as the party demands . 
   corbyn attempts to punish those who do n't vote like he wants them to . 
  voting in line with an agreed position is pretty much the entire point of a political party . 
  labour have a clear position to leave the single market , you ca n't be in the shadow cabinet and get away with voting against a very clear manifesto commitment , the leadership needs to show authority in these times otherwise we 'd be back to having no one listen to him . 
  it 's the papers , remember the romanian immigration scare a few years ago ? 
  there 's also that farage `` you know what the difference is '' clip when talking about a group of romanian men, 
  we really are lucky to have david dimbleby , he 's the perfect person to deliver this kind of news whether you love or hate it . 
  [ mfw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hk6uhhnret0 ), 
  okay . 
  well , thank you for mentioning a great challenge my country faces in a discussion where two of us were reminiscing about the olympics , it was not required at all as we are well aware of the situation . 
  oh sure , it 's fine when france says it ... 
  oh we can take a bit of mockery do n't worry , it 's how we communicate with eachother . 
  just , `` yeah but brexit '' stopped being funny after a few months , at least be a bit creative . 
  thank you for mentioning it , seriously , no one here is talking about it and most of us have forgotten , it 's good that people continually bring it up when it is n't relevant to the discussion , it certainly has n't been driven in to the ground so it 's good to be reminded of this thing whenever anything about my country is mentioned , to have the reminder on / r/europe of all places is great as everyone here is rather relaxed about the whole thing and if they do care they are overwhelmingly polite and balanced on the subject . 
  really , thank you , honestly , i appreciate it , merci . 
  not to mention that amazing opening ceremony and insane boost to national morale we got, 
  to many , being willing to discuss the arguments for brexit made it heavily pro-brexit . 
  / r/casualuk is basically us copying / r/ireland ( but we 're a lot less interested in discussing brexit than they are ), 
  we said that when britain 's figures were around that level too . 
  that was our decision , to be fair, 
  i doubt it , our monarchy runs on the popularity of the current queen , and after charles ' reign , it 'll run on the popularity of william and kate . 
  i do n't think many brits think about the actual system of a constitutional monarchy , their answer on the question of republicanism is usually `` well , the queen seems nice '', 
  then what i wrote will probably happen after the constitutional crisis and people posting that cgpgrey video everywhere . 
  we 'll never have a us or french style president , it 'll surely be an irish influenced system . 
  well , there will always be an heir , no matter how distant , and there are people whose career it is to document and maintain their family tree . 
  assuming * every * possible heir denied the title , i imagine we 'd * technically * become a republic . 
  our head of state would likely be someone from the house of lords , likely elected by that house , or things would get very interesting and the people would elect a figurehead , like ireland 's . 
  we 'd almost certainly have fixed terms ( probably longer , maybe 10 years , and you ca n't stand for reelection ) rather than someone being in the position for life . 
  i ca n't see us ever having a president though , they 'd be called something like `` crowned lord '' or something prestigious sounding , with no power and basically flown around the world to do what the queen currently does , i doubt we 'd change the uk name though . 
  yes , but that is the head of state 's salary , not the windsor family 's salary . 
  if they walk away from the crown , they walk away from everything they may claim in right of the crown . 
  it 's not owned by the royal family though . 
  it 's owned by the crown , the legal embodiment of the state . 
  finally someone got it !, 
  poland can into meme :d, 
  relevant flair, 
  i just saw the uniform style eu flags that were floating around and thought i 'd make a jokey one as we were left out of them ( well , england and wales were ) no deep meaning to the french one , it 's just to piss off the frogs , as is tradition . 
  same with the irish and spanish .
