  step 6 ) tare the flesh off of the cow and put it in the bun . 
  step 7 ) eat . 
  step 8 ) vomit . 
  austria is more neutral than switzerland . 
  it 's even written into austria 's constitution that it must remain a neutral country . 
  therefore , austria will not defend lichtenstein . 
  all of them all would add up though . 
  think how many signs there are that would need changing . 
  it 's not worth it , especially in times when the government is obsessed with budget cuts . 
  there would be a lot of signs to change . 
  hey swiss guy , stop pretending to be neutral . 
  you 're committed to defending lichtenstein if anyone attacks it , do n't pretend we do n't know . 
  danish opt outs : 1 ) the euro 2 ) common security and defence policy 3 ) area of freedom , security and justice, 
  no , we should be electing the european commission directly . 
  the european commission is n't currently directly elected . 
  i do n't think we 'd be having this referendum on leaving the eu if labour had held a referendum on lisbon treaty . 
   the uk already has more opt-outs than every other country combined . 
  british opt outs : 4 irish opt outs : 2 danish opt outs : 3 polish opt outs : 1 2 +3 +1 = 6 6  4 so no , the uk does not have more opt outs than all other eu members combined . 
   i think we should all adopt the metric system , even on the roads . 
  the cost of changing all the signs in the country and everyone changing their speedometers would n't be worth it . 
  hell in norway . 
  i 've never been there , but i just think it 's great that there 's somewhere called hell . 
  it 's somewhere you can literally be describe as `` hell on earth '' and because it 's in norway , where it 's not exactly warm , you can literally claim that `` hell has frozen over '' . 
  that 's ... some variety . 
  things would be very boring if we could n't insult the french . 
  the best thing is , no one gets offended . 
  we can throw insults at the french and they can throw insults at us because no one from either side of the english channel is going to be offended . 
  it 's great . 
  is there such a thing as not liking beer ? 
  or just do n't buy a baguette . 
  [ things can get confusing though . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/i9vx3zsq1ks?t=43s ), 
  copy and paste it onto your computer and edit it from there . 
  then upload it to imgur . 
  [ here 's mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jk9hrzi.png ) it 's nothing too controversial , just slightly in a few places . 
  city people , when you drive up to a horse that standing in the middle of the road , do n't slow down and just expect it to get out of your way and when you get bored honk your horn . 
  no matter how long you stop or honk that horn , the horse is n't going to move . 
  what you have to do is speed up when there 's a horse standing in the middle of the road , then it 'll get out of your way very quickly . 
  the strength of an accent has nothing to do with how hard it is to understand . 
  i was simply making a point that his accent sounded more scottish in his earlier videos than his newer ones . 
  i think he 's softening his accent in his videos . 
  his accent was stronger in his [ earlier videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vspb_lbo94 ) . 
  edit : corrected a typo, 
  \u00fe ( thorn or \u00feorn ) used to be its own letter that made a `` th '' sound as in `` the '' . 
  however , when typewriters arrived from mainland europe , they did n't have a \u00fe , so alternatives had to be used ( originally y , but it later got replaced with th ) . 
  edit : corrected a typo, 
  americans, 
  calm down , i was only explaining to watergeuzen why the map did n't include northern ireland . 
  britain = / = uk britain is the name of the biggest island in the uk . 
  why ? 
  i would like to see david cameron punched in the face . 
  it would be very funny . 
   next drama : uk referendum ( spoiler : they stay because france wants them to leave so that they can relocate the new eurozone management department to paris ) i up voted your post the instant i read that bit . 
  we 've never had a proportional voting system sadly . 
  defining the point when we became a democracy is hard to define though because there were originally restrictions on who could vote . 
  however , back hundreds of years ago , people were n't worried about the voting system . 
  the title should be public spending for pensions in the eurozone ( relative to gdp ) , not europe . 
  eurozone = / = europe = / = eu, 
  smartphones are over rated piles of shit with a crappy battery life . 
  i still use a nokia . 
  due to global warning , in the future iceland may have to be renamed waterland and eventually steamland . 
  do n't worry , he was n't really our king by that point , we had scotland 's king . 
  another terrible thing about the 100 % illegitimate system is the difference in constituency sizes . 
  someone from the western isles has a vote that carries over 5 times the weight of someone from the isle of wight due to the relative populations . 
  time to be pedantic . 
  # 32m = # 0.032 i doubt all those noodles were worth 3.2 p , so if you actually mean # 32000000 , then it should be # 32m . 
  so an o-turn ? 
  even without the uk , the eu will still have malta and ireland , both of which are english speaking countries . 
  it 's only americans using english wrongly that deserve to be corrected . 
  everyone else can use it as they wish . 
  hmm , that posses a problem . 
  i guess it will have to be : slovakian exit -  slovakexit slovenian exit -  slovenexit, 
  well if that 's your level of maturity , why not try to invite san marino or serbia to join just so they have discuss leaving ? 
  why would we use the word `` sexit '' ? 
  that 's reserved for san marino should they ever join . 
  british exit -  brexit greek exit -  grexit so the rule appears to be cut it off just before the first vowel . 
  spanish exit -  spexit slovenian exit -  slexit swedish exit -  swexit latvian exit -  lexit lithuanian exit -  lexit however , i have a solution , latvexit and lithexit . 
  cutting it just before the 2nd vowel seems to work even if it is a lot of syllables . 
  latvia and lithuania have a difficult dispute there , but for spain , slovenia and sweden have no real grounds for dispute . 
  there can be a spexit , a slexit and a swexit . 
  sepp , please stop digging yourself into a hole , you might need a [ step ladder ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iags0c4rzbo ) to get out . 
  then do n't make such assumptions in future then . 
  did i ever claim that it did ? 
  i simply gave freedom of speech as the reason for thomasfowl being able to say `` the magna carta was important but has a slightly overrated place in history '' . 
  i did n't imply anything about where he got that right from . 
  yes , you have freedom of speech do n't you ? 
  / r/europe has azerbaijan , armenia and georgia on the map on the right hand side . 
  in that case i praise myself for being not lazy . 
   in a true ideal world ,   people like tony blair , donald rumsfeld , paul bremer and dick cheney would be in the courtrooms of the hague right now . 
  in a true ideal world , they would n't have gone into iraq in he first place . 
  well all the uk 's nuclear weapons are currently located in scotland . 
  the snp want to get rid of nuclear weapons , but there 's less support for that else where . 
  that was 1 of the issues of the scottish independence referendum . 
  i do n't know what the support for nuclear weapons is like in wales or northern ireland , but when the remaining 3 parts of the uk would be 18 % of the population , they might not be ale to afford nuclear weapons . 
  as for england , out of the 3 identified sits suitable of keeping nuclear submarines , 1 of them is in england ( devon to be more precise ) , so we could acquire a new nuclear arsenal or buy the nuclear arsenal from what remains of the uk . 
  [ yes , if only it were still that cheap . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chhjcmccxis ), 
  well , the uk would only be made up of scotland , wales and northern ireland , so the name `` united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' would n't do . 
  although , a name change would be required either way . 
  `` united kingdom of scotland , wales and northern ireland '' , maybe ?
