  as for what political changes would happen , they 'd have to find a new capital and an alternative for the [ barnet formula ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barnett_formula ) . 
  scotland and northern ireland would n't be affected and such as wales because they each have their own common law . 
  england and wales are currently under the same common law , so something would need to happen there . 
  and this is all before i 've even considered the economic impact of all this . 
  i can tell they 've used an outdated map for this article because it still shows south sudan as part of sudan . 
  there 's a party called the english democrats who want to do that . 
  no one votes for them though because they 're full of racists . 
   he makes a very small criticism of putin `` not a very nice individual '' ever heard of [ litotes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/litotes ) ? 
  let me guess , a pint of wine rather than a wine glass ? 
  but our trains are the 3rd thing we like moaning about the most , behind the weather and the french , please do n't take that away from us :(, 
  good luck trying to find 1 beer from vatican city . 
  to meddle with paper ballots , you need to corrupt more people and hope they all stay silent , the more votes you want changed , the more people you 'll need in on it . 
  with online voting or a voting machine , you can do it all by yourself and it 's just as easy to change 1 vote as it is to change them all . 
  how about seizing chelsea from roman abramovich ? 
  hmmm . 
   estonia has a normally working conventional system , i-voting is optional and votes casted over the internet are be overwritten if the voter votes physically . 
  and there goes anonymity . 
   i meant that at local level the electoral commissions at polling stations sometimes are friends/employees of one of the candidates . 
  they ca n't change the result of internet voting , but can that of traditional voting . 
  yes you can . 
  how about a man in the middle attack ? 
  how about hacking into the main server ? 
  or even with a simple piece of malware on the voter 's computer . 
   writing it - yes , because it 's open source . 
  checking it - i can trust them as much as i trust those who count the votes . 
  it does n't matter if the software is open source , people can see that the software exists , but how do they know that this is the software being used ? 
  as for the people who count the votes , they 're counting it in the open . 
  people would see them faking it . 
  over here , votes are counted by hand out in the open and all votes are on a paper ballot . 
  if you check fro your own home that your vote has been cast online , how can you trust the website is correct ? 
  it 's far too easy to hack . 
  then upload some articles in other languages if you 're that bothered . 
  i do n't see why you needed to this post . 
   1 . estonia has internet voting , not e-voting . 
  he explains the problems with voting online in the video as well , did you watch it ? 
  in fact , voting online is worse . 
   2 . tom scott 's argument falls when we talk about regional elections , where you do n't need a nation-wide conspiracy to significantly change the outcomes . 
  ok , there 's less people interested in trying to lunch a cyber-attack in local government , but then again , it only takes 1 person to change the result of the election . 
   3 . estonian elections has so far not let to any controversial results iirc . 
  and there 's a big problem with e-voting and voting online , you can only say that because you trust the software , but are the people writing it and checking it trustworthy ? 
  as far as i 'm aware there 's currently nothing stopping you posting article or comments in languages other than english . 
  scotland seems to like boarders . 
  your signs welcoming people over the board to your side make a bigger deal about it than ours do . 
  unfortunately what 's happening now is big companies are buying pubs , but letting them keep their previous names so everyone local thinks its a local pub , when really its part of a national chain . 
  try visiting sark or herm in the channel islands . 
  they both banned cars on their islands so everyone there uses bikes . 
  `` we apologise for the delay on the 10:35 service , this is due to a delay . '', 
   estonia 's e-voting no , you do n't want [ e-voting . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ), 
  i read it straight from [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-33072093 ) , however , that does n't give the data for belgium , however it does state its source as the pew research centre . 
  unfortunately , i did n't find a link to the source in the article , but googling pew research centre nato survey , i found [ this ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2015/06/pew-research-center-russia-ukraine-report-topline-for-release-june-10-2015.pdf ) . 
  there might be some data from belgium in there , but i have n't looked through it all yet . 
  interesting you only picked out those 3 . 
  usa : 37 % should not canada : 36 % should not poland : 34 % should not uk : 37 % should not, 
  and canada as well . 
  no one wants to fight , but if the alternative if letting an ally go under foreign occupation , it would be necessary . 
  britain is n't a county , it 's the name of the island that makes up the uk 's mainland . 
  even more ironic when you consider that the population of the western isles is too low to deserve its own constituency all to itself . 
  it should be sharing an mp with somewhere else . 
  but we make more money back from the monarchy through the crown estate than we spend on it , so it actually leaves more money available for the nhs and tax cuts . 
  yes because that 's fun . 
  what about northern ireland ? 
  no thanks , you can keep him , we do n't want him . 
  but true . 
  if you were to have a war with canada , neither army would fight , they would just stand there and stair at each other in a disapproving manner . 
  because it 's fun , especially in international sports . 
  no , they named their country something that 's hard to spell . 
  ( cough ) estonia ( cough ), 
  this annoys the french , that makes it a good thing . 
  we 're not sharing a currency with anyone that 's going to complain . 
  the bbc tend to get just as much complaints from each side that they 're being biased against them , so they 'll just take the net result of that feed back as they 're doing a good job . 
  it was a joke ... 
  tax in luxembourg ? 
  i did n't know that was a thing . 
  do n't worry putin , i do n't fear your country , i just dis-agree with some of its politics . 
   but if i had to choose , i guess it would be the brits , or rather the perfidious english . 
  do n't worry , we have our [ own opinions of you ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/years-annoying-french-stephen-clarke/dp/0552775746 ) as well , 
  why do some countries have circles in the middle of their number plates ? 
  that 's only because of the ira targeting policemen . 
  the big train stations in london were given a bigger police presence after 7/7 , but it 's rare to see a policeman at a train station in the rest of the country . 
  no , but i thought it would be an interesting discussion . 
  what 's strange about that ? 
  in most cases , a policeman does n't need to carry a gun . 
  and why 's that ? 
  but without being able to set your own base rates of interest . 
  a scottish eurosceptic , that 's something new . 
  out of curiosity , which way did you vote on the scottish independence referendum ? 
   or the uk inexplicably does n't want to change their currency for one which is actually compatible with their economy , it 's not zimbabwean dollars we 're talking about here , it 's the euro . 
  the pound is more compatible to the uk 's economy . 
  i was talking relative to the other northern irish parties , although i 'll admit , that is n't saying much . 
  i know , but i was n't referring to if the party of nationalist/unionist/other . 
  i was referring to the party 's level of sanity . 
  although i agree with you . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sakrno_smy ) 's a slightly more neutral viewpoint . 
  message to northern ireland : it 's good that you 've stopped killing each other , but can you please stop polarizing your politics even more and moaning about minor things ? 
  in the mean time ignore the dup , uup and sien fein and start voting for the alliance party and the sdlp . 
  that way you politics might start to get at least some sanity . 
  as we all know , sarcasm is easier to notice when it 's not written down . 
  i 'm more likely to vote to stay , but i will say the following from an analytical point of view . 
  for the past year , most polls have been 55 % to 60 % in favour of staying .
