  however , in the run up to 2013 european elections , the popularity of leaving rose to about 55 % in most polls . 
  this dropped off a month or so after the european elections . 
  it seems when the idea of leaving is debated more , support for leaving increases . 
  also , i think the leaving side might preform better in the referendum than polls suggest . 
  it 's a taboo for some people to be openly in favour of leaving because to some people see that viewpoint as xenophobic and silly . 
  so therefore , in the referendum , there might be a `` shy-leaving factor '' , similar to the `` shy-tory factor '' in general elections . 
  you 're boring !, 
  [ err ... no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_independence ), 
  [ we make good tanks . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwmdho_0p5q ), 
  thanks, 
  all i got was `` the uploader has not made this video available in your country . 
  '' , what did he promise ? 
  why on earth did they ever let him down from [ that zip-wire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hrwnxmdrco ) ? 
  they 're a channel that puts out load of crap videos because they try to put out 2 videos a day . 
  therefore they have to skip over a lot and most of their sources tend to be english language online news articles that they probably have n't read in full . 
  why would the queen come out in support of the eu ? 
  she 's politically neutral so she ca n't support it or oppose it . 
  til what gazwel said, 
  yes , but how does all the shit go together ? 
   and then the english came , and ruined everything . 
  it could n't have been that bad or you would n't have been able to invent guinness . 
  the current laws about the number that follows the name is that if england and scotland have had a different number of monarchs with that name , then the higher number is used . 
  why are we the only country that i ever see people complaining about opting out ? 
  denmark , ireland and poland all have opt outs as well . 
  i 've never seen anyone on here complain about their opt outs . 
  also , if the eu comes up with an idea that 1 member does n't agree with , then it makes sense for all the other members to go along with it and that 1 member to opt out . 
  we have never signed a single treaty saying we should change our currency to the euro or join the schengen area , so why should we ? 
  but , without the monarchy , we would n't get to laugh at all those non-news reports about the queen `` planting '' a tree when she visits somewhere . 
  well , i 'd either now live somewhere costal , or knee deep in water . 
  it would be nice for some more zoomed in maps . 
  existing is adequate . 
  no , the emirates fa cup . 
  they just put the sponsorship as an adjective . 
  all they did was alter how the sponsorship goes into the name . 
  the old way was `` the fa cup sponsored by [ sponsor ] '' . 
  it 's a good thing that the spanish national anthem does n't have words to it . 
  imagine the treatment the barcelona fans would give to a barcelona player who sang it . 
  the sea between england and france ... 
  there are already some minor exceptions though . 
  for example , if an eu citizen is homeless in another eu country , then they can be deported . 
  in former soviet countries , school educates you ... oh wait . 
  this time , that joke does n't work , 
  2026 : the world cup is held on the moon . 
  because some people like to vote politically . 
  come on australia . 
  hand over 1/4 of your points . 
  that 's in return for covering 1/4 of your flag with our flag . 
  hey , san marino voted very well in my opinion . 
  they gave us 3 points which was enough for us to finish 1 point ahead of france . 
  your country has the advantage though of not invading iraq or being full of old people complaining about how they want to leave the eu . 
  do n't worry , we get 1/4 of your points transferred to us because of your flag . 
  hey , it 's not our fault we sent a shit song . 
  the bbc did n't let us vote . 
  actually we came a lot higher than that . 
  you forgot to take into account that we get 1/4 of australia 's points . 
  however , the people in the studio in austria somehow forgot to shift those points across to us . 
  do n't worry . 
  i 've got a plan to split the uk up into mainland scotland , western isles , northern isles , wales , northern ireland , cornwall , yorkshire , east anglia , london , midlands , north west , north east , south east , west country and the rest of england . . 
  result : super voting block . 
  i 'm just quoting directly from the report that fifa made in the run up to the vote . 
   even with bribery ? 
  fifa 's report did n't take into account the bribery . 
   previous wc hosts : england  never hosted a wc : russia   previous euro hosts : england   never hosted a euro 's : russia not relevant . 
  fifa 's report on the bidding process to be the 2018 world cup hosts : highest security risk : russia lowest security risk : england smallest profits : russia largest profits : england worst stadiums : russia best stadiums : england not that i 'm still bitter or anything . 
  chicken kievs - they do n't come from kiev , they come from st petersburg . 
  i think it 's passed into law in denmark that greenland has the right to self-determination , as far as i 'm aware , a danish person may wish to correct me there . 
  so far greenland has n't officially asked for independence yet . 
  however , the faroe islands is another issue , where according to denmark , they ca n't vote on independence . 
  however , they also have not officially asked to yet . 
  the same point still applies . 
  in most languages , long words get shortened . 
  on the subject of long word , you might find [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqrxzgd6asa ) interesting . 
  well , despite opting out , you 're still a member of erm ii , which we 're not a member of . 
  you therefore have your own currency without any of the benefits of having your own currency ( such as setting interest rates appropriate to your economy , rather than germany 's economy ) . 
  i think you 've got the worst of both worlds there . 
   get the whole `` opt-outs '' thing over with why ? 
  if you 've never signed a treaty saying you have to do something ( like adopt the euro ) , then why should you ? 
  i thought canadians were meant to be nice people . 
  first , i 'd scrap the common fisheries policy . 
  why use a system based on quotas ? 
  it just leads to lots of dead fish just being thrown back into the sea that ca n't be legally taken back to land . 
  i 'd then replace it with a system that limits the size of the nets and the length of time each boat is allowed out at sea . 
  secondly , i 'd reform the european commission . 
  the european commission has the power to propose legislation despite not being directly elected . 
  i 'd change it so each member state would get to directly elect who gets to represent them in the european commission . 
  finally , i 'd replace the eu 's flag with the flags of all the member state in a grid because i do n't like the current flag . 
  edit : corrected a typo, 
  how to win eurovision : step 1 ) do n't invade iraq - oh ... hopefully they 'll forget about that step 2 ) do n't vote a eurosceptic party into the european parliament - [ facepalm ] ah well , there 's always the ashes . 
  there only 1 country to beat there and that 's australia , what could go wrong ? 
  [ looks at the current state of the england cricket team ] ok , i give up now . 
  it 's amazing how they got the coastline to be so accurate considering there were no satellites . 
   `` what constitutes a crowd ? '', 
    `` 2 people . '', 
  they missed a trick there , they should have said 3 . 
  do n't worry , charles is old already . 
  by the time he eventually does get on the throne , it wo n't be long until he dies . 
  thank you ireland for guinness . 
  well , i grew up in a tiny village . 
  its claim to fame was that in the 1970s , a coupled laid off their gardener , so the next day , he turned up with a rifle and shot them both and their 2 children .
