300 million is still a lot of people through . 
  it 's like saying that you can buy and smoke weed with no consequences in northeast-asia but in reality it 's only legal in north korea . 
  `` europe '' it 's just germany ... 
  itt : people saying but mah welfare state look , this is just a fact . 
  that is it . 
  this does n't mean that life is easies or harder in the us , it 's just a fact . 
  wait , i thought that in the us people are friendlier ? 
  they grow up so fast !, 
  lol, 
  + nazi resistance, 
  and that 's really cool . 
  what ? 
  nobody in america is demanding to call their version of english american . 
  on the contrary , we valencians have been using the term valencian for centuries to refer to our language , that `` dialect '' of catalan that you speak of . 
  we just ask you to acknowledge that fact and preserve the unity of the language . 
  that is it . 
  [ as a sidenote ] ( http://i51.tinypic.com/2cwlago.jpg ), 
  definitely not if you ask a spaniard . 
  we have a culture of self-hate , 
  no , valencian and catalan are different things . 
  we just understand each other . 
  but they are still different though . 
  hope i remind you they are still different . 
  they are still different . 
  '' / s '' just in case . 
  in all honesty this problem would be solved if 1 . 
  no `` catalan countries '' thingie existed . 
  catalonia agreed to have like a slash + valencian ( catalan/valencian ) wherever catalan is mentioned . 
  yes , i know , i am a pp pp pp blaver . 
  but i am just being honest , as a full blown valencian , do that , and we 'll finally accept the `` unity of the language '' or whatever , since we do n't give a shit for the most part about this . 
  i guess i still have the internet and masturbatory activities to relax . 
  [ relevant jos\u00e9 mota video ] ( https://youtu.be/1xbosw1urky ), 
  well , i am in favor of an eu army . 
  i also hate how democratic sometimes the eu is . 
  we need to change that , but political will must come from all countries , not only one , and that 's well let 's just say rather hard to accomplish . 
  as always , best way to business , get a government subsidy . 
  capitalism 101 . 
  congrats on making to the top 20 list though in toledo . 
  hahaha you do not ruin anything . 
  i 'm used to hear that our country sucks in every single possible way imaginable , so do n't worry xd . 
  of course of course . 
  but do n't they grant you aid regardless of you doing organic `` stuffs '' or not ? 
  were number one on something positive for the first time ever !, 
  is of happenings !, 
  hope i remind you that all countries , organizations , ideologies , '' things in life '' , have done bad shit . 
  in my opinion , the eu has brought more good than harm . 
  let 's hope so , but to be honest ... 
  i think that will happen maybe in 50 years . 
  i speak russian so i 've talked to a few ruskies over the course of my lifetime and i just have to say that even if this seems weird [ soviet nostalgia is n't the issue . 
  this state of mind engrained on the people is actually one of the biggest problems russia has to overcome in order to become a 21st century liberal democracy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/homo_sovieticus ) . 
  and in my honest opinion , the new generations are n't that different . 
  das kapital , main friend ? 
  lol at the bed sheets, 
  where are my mariano rajoy boys at \u0298 \u203f \u0298, 
  yes , but they need to do this first 1 . 
  acknowledge and `` do something '' about what they did in ukraine and georgia previously . 
  fight corruption . 
  have a stable and strong economy not based upon corruption , mafiosos , shady deals , etc. . . 
  this is by far the most important requirement . 
  what you do not want to happen is all of a sudden 30 million new russian immigrants in your country overnight . 
  if they have a stable and strong economy , that will not happen . 
  tolerate basic human rights and gays . 
  be a democratic regime . 
  not a pseudodictatorship . 
  be willing to give up most of their international influence . 
  if they do that , i would be in favor of them joining the eu . 
  hahaha , i could always sum up quickly : masturbation and europa universalis . 
  several of your human rights ? 
  lol when was that ? 
  are you sure they 're just visiting and not trying to do a revival of 1807 induced by their work country ? 
  can someone explain, 
  hahaha jokes on you i 've never gone on holiday in my life ... 
  itt angry brits downvoting us :d, 
  and with good reason , to be honest . 
  i for one do not trust the government nor any private entity with my personal data . 
  from which year are these pics from ? 
  begining of the 20th century ? 
  if only the eu changed its official version of english spelling to the american one , that 'd be amazing and really practical for people like me who learned to speak the language through the power of the interwebs ... 
  i think in this case mine is more accurate / musically/aesthetically pleasant , 
  we just left a crisis that has hurt the country for 10 years !, 
  what do we have on the dinning table ? 
  more crisis because of we all know who . 
  as an 18 year old , exciting times to live in spain . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  why ? 
  but you forgot to ban des-pa-si-to , 
  the maryland one is descent , 
  fair point . 
  names on flags ew . 
  r/vexillology must be triggered, 
  cooler for you , not for me :d and i mean in reality , not what they want it to be officially , 
  question is , what the heck does the un symbolize ? 
  yes . 
  i want those damn good old eu funds xd, 
  somebody said something positive and agreed with me itt . 
  i will cry . 
  thank you !, 
  i know hahaha . 
  english is not hard but sometimes annoying with its inconsistency in regard to verb declination and such xd well , i guess better than idk , korean ... 
  it 's like learned vs learnt eventually it 'll catch on  or not .
