  so in your opinion , what he said is objectively wrong ? 
  you are completely right , i do not disagree with you . 
  also , you 've replied to my comment , about the government of catalonia , blah , blah , blah ... right ? 
  now if you may , reply to this one please , the original one that started our conversation , just to be fair with him !, 
  poor dude was ignored by you !, 
   for fuck sake you really are a fanatic . 
  it is like you need every oportunity to make it seem like it is another country when you do n't even achieve 50 % votes for independentist party . 
  gerard i know you are really convinced but this is obsessive . 
  * edit i know i am hypocrite , and i am doing that willfully . 
  [ from wikipedia !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corts_valencianes ) the corts valencianes , commonly known as les corts , are the main legislative body of the generalitat valenciana and therefore of the valencian community . 
  the main location of the corts is in the palace of the borgias in valencia ; however it can meet at any location in valencian territory . 
  the corts has its origins in bodies established in the thirteenth century by king james i of aragon . 
  the modern institution was established in 1982 under the valencian statute of autonomy of 1982 . 
  the current corts were elected in 2015 . 
  [ thank you for using the same anti-discussion tactic as the super democractic goverment of the people 's republic of china does on the internet !, 
  ] ( https://gking.harvard.edu/50c?admin_panel=1&amp;login=1 )  in contrast to prior claims , we show that the chinese regime 's strategy is to avoid arguing with skeptics of the party and the government , and to not even discuss controversial issues . 
  we show that the goal of this massive secretive operation is instead to distract the public and change the subject , as most of the these posts involve cheerleading for china, 
  is s/he objectively wrong ? 
  so apparently pointing out that some actions taken by the catalan government and parliament violate the spanish constitution from which the catalan government and parliament is able to exist and is able to derive its power from the central government elected by catalans alike means that you are a nationalist ? 
   and the mods still do n't apply the rules of the sub to this guy just like the spanish government in relation to pro-independence catalan lawmakers who violate the constitution but `` eh '' . 
  they are `` expats '' not immigrants , come on , they 're not being hypocrites by not integrating and creating their own ghettos while at the same time complaining about how that happens in the uk with other nationalities . 
  of course , of course , they are not immigrants , they are proper honourable british folk oh dear oh dear !, 
  i usually like to annoy british people whenever i find them randomly here when walking along the coast of gandia , usually the `` trolling '' conversation goes like this `` oh , you 're british , amazing mate , how long have you been living here ? 
  `` 5 years ? 
  oh my , pleasure to talk with an immigrant , adi\u00f3s ! '', 
  same here in spain , which leads to ... we all know what that leads to ... 
  * do n't care until you have to live next to them . 
  very beautiful , reminds me of some spanish towns i 've been to along the mediterranean coast . 
  out of curiosity , when was the town first settled ? 
  pre-roman or after roman times ? 
  the architecture looks very roman-esque . 
  i know , but still ... 
  as a spaniard , where the heck are my 14 degrees ? 
  [ in andal\u00fa is inclu'o bette ' tha ' u ` ted cul ' eve ' d'eam o ' ] ( https://youtu.be/gfsuijhy1ri ), 
  just graduated from batchillerato this year , we had to read two books for spanish class : luces de bohemia from valle incl\u00e1n and la casa de los esp\u00edritus from i. allende . 
  plus 3 other books in valencian ... glad it 's fucking over . 
  fully agree with you , and they will finally become `` proper '' immigrants and stop being `` expats '' , which is just a fancy word to exclude themselves of the rest of the immigrant community & all the bad stereotypes . 
  bloody hell , it just boils my fucking my mind whenever i hear a brit that has lived here in spain more than 5 or 10 years continuously `` i 'm an expat '' no , you are a fucking immigrant , like it or not . 
  thank you for answering my questions , now it makes perfect sense why you left the eu ( or whatever existed back then ) !, 
  have a nice day , 
  why is that met with skepticism ? 
  how do you communicate with people ? 
  i mean , you had to learn an incomprehensible language , how is that even achievable ? 
  you just butchered a couple of incomprehensible sounds at school you heard from some random danish dude and you 're good to go ? 
  well i guess everyone in danmark knows english so / s so does the majority of the population in greenland care about what happens in europe ? 
  yep it 's like that ( although i 'm not native valencian speaker , i learned that language at school ) . 
  do n't worry , i know you have a good standard of living :d interesting , do you still live there ? 
  is english also one of your native languages ? 
  if it was n't , was it hard to learn for you ? 
  what do you think of it ? 
  do you speak that language ? 
  united by the power of hardbass . 
  as a paella nazi , i send my condolences to my fellow italian medite-bros . stay strong and impose the rightful and proper way . 
  this type of cultural and culinary genocide shall not be tolerated . 
  as cunning as a fox who 's been just appointed professor of cunning at oxford university ? 
  andal\u00fa, 
  _ fair and balanced _ / s, 
  especially the fact that a finn is giving out affection to a random individual he is not close to blood-wise . 
  yep , finlandia does not exist hahahaha !, 
  what, 
  as a young individual , who the heck is that man ? 
  the trump-twitter one is just lol, 
  they exist . 
  goodbye euronews . 
  you have definitely influenced and defined my life . 
  i remember going home back from school , just in time for the market report and the news at 3pm . 
  it was nice knowing you , especially your `` unbiasness '' and `` internationalism '', 
   may have worse times in the history gee spain 's downfall in comparison to other western euro countries has been going on since the 18th century ... ( not that i am nostalgic ; that 's a fact )  if only spain ... you know , that has been said lots of times . 
  lots !, 
  and while i agree with you , i will still remain a stupid pessimist . 
  at this point , i 've given up ... 
  i just hope i 'm completely and utterly wrong . 
  as a centrist myself , could n't agree more ... 
  i suppose . 
  i really have no hope left for our dear country ... 
  do n't forget the members of congress, 
  saving the planet is a thing . 
  it 's like killing nazis . 
  you do n't kill nazis because you know you 'll win , you kill them because they 're nazis . 
  plus , it 's a good time to demonstrate that the us is not as relevant as they think they are . 
  wonder how this 'll affect the only relevant centrist ( if you consider them centrists sorry i do please do n't murder me by saying they 're just pp 's bitch ) spanish party , ciudadanos . 
  [ mercadona , mercadona ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ytt6355sdr4 ), 
  yeah , like stop buying oil from and selling arms to saudi arabia ... 
  sadly , things wo n't change . 
  slovenia can into happiness !, 
  respect for lidl +1000 %, 
  vegetarians and vegans, 
  obviously . 
  i was playing devil 's advocate , but nobody noticed , apparently . 
  we should segregate physical education classes based upon `` x '' because if we bring them too close together it may offend them or their beliefs by touching each other or accidentally giving an unintentional non-mouth kiss to another individual . 
  i also replied . 
  isis beheads people `` no problem , they are not breaking the law , since international/sovereign law does n't apply there '', 
  whataboutism . 
  i know , i know . 
  just to point out the hypocrisy to other people . 
  psychological/information warfare is not something to be disregarded , it is a powerful tool . 
  let us not forget one of the reasons why the ussr collapsed - people found out about the western world and realized how miserable their lives were . 
  you can draw parallels between what happened back then , and how the russian is doing everything possible to prevent that from happening again , mostly preventing a big chunk of citizenry from understanding that they can do something to change the world by trying to mislead everyone thus , nobody effectively understands what is the truth anymore and stability & ignorance ( in a bad way , putin still being in power and what not ) can still reign supreme in russia . 
  let 's wait for her/his response to my questions  probably gon na be whataboutism,
