  it 's up to me really , well , it 's like you saying all your life since 300 or 400 years ago you speak spanish and someone comes and says `` you speak castillian '' blah blah and you 're like you 're correct , but i 'll still keep it calling spanish . 
  the one thing i beg you is not call us `` pa\u00eds valenci\u00e0 '' . 
  two years ago i was in manresa with my friends and when someone said `` you 're from the valencian country '' we started laughing so hard and said yes , cv . 
  just please , i beg you , no matter how much you think that name is oppressive because madrid gave it to us we honestly like it and use it and pa\u00eds valenci\u00e0 is just nope . 
  we see ourselves as just another region of spain , so cv :p it 's a matter of principle . 
  from my point of view , it 's not encouraging equality , simply put , because it 's never enough , the catalan language will always be considered oppressed . 
  i honestly do n't give two shits of a fuck up about what you do there as long as those things are complaint with the constitution , blah , blah , blah ... your/our/the lemos\u00ed lol language will always be oppressed , no matter what happens . 
  i am just defending my point of view , which is if we want to have true equality , 50 % of school clases in spanish and so on , and then the government ( both the central ones and the regional ones ) should stay the fuck out of promoting the language in private contexts , that is my opinion . 
  everything from the government must be bilingual , everything else the government should leave alone and not middle with . 
  now , you can agree with me or not , but that is my opinion to truly have equality . 
  no matter how much you promote the language , it will always be oppressed , non matter what you do it will always stay the same . 
  i am tired of victimism . 
  i know you will reply to me saying that the language is oppressed , not used enough this that or the other . 
  my point id that i believe in principles , and we humans do things as a matter of principle . 
  the sheer fact that i 've gotten so much hate ( not from you mate ) for defending education in an official language of catalonia is surprising to me . 
  i think my proposal is reasonable , now , do whatever you want , i honestly do n't care anymore , it 's up to you . 
  you have your point of the view of the world , i have mine . 
  also thanks for not insulting me lol, 
  it 's a matter of principle . 
  from my point of view , it 's not encouraging equality , simply put , because it 's never enough , the catalan language will always be considered oppressed . 
  i honestly do n't give two shits of a fuck up about what you do there as long as those things are complaint with the constitution , blah , blah , blah ... your/our/the lemos\u00ed lol language will always be oppressed , no matter what happens . 
  i am just defending my point of view , which is if we want to have true equality , 50 % of school clases in spanish and so on , and then the government ( both the central ones and the regional ones ) should stay the fuck out of promoting the language in private contexts , that is my opinion . 
  everything from the government must be bilingual , everything else the government should leave alone and not middle with . 
  now , you can agree with me or not , but that is my opinion to truly have equality . 
  no matter how much you promote the language , it will always be oppressed , non matter what you do it will always stay the same . 
  i am tired of victimism . 
  i know you will reply to me saying that the language is oppressed , not used enough this that or the other . 
  my point id that i believe in principles , and we humans do things as a matter of principle . 
  the sheer fact that i 've gotten so much hate ( not from you mate ) for defending education in a co-oficial, 
  liar , liar . 
  i can never have a different opinion than you do . 
  so much for democracy , eh !, 
  european commission are smarter than you normie !, 
  oh my god catalan is suffering so much from that !, 
  escola en catal\u00e0 , yes , hunting down people mob style blah blah blah ... for trying to learn in spanish at school ... 
  does the eu make everything magically right ? 
  it 's not like catalan is a minority language . 
  in my experience , that is a problem . 
  firsly  you can now listen to me or sign lalalala and hear yourself . 
  i wo n't stop you from doing what you want . 
  linguistics is a science , and has all sciences it bases it 's knowledge on truth that can be checked and proved . 
  such linguists agree that valecian is a dialect of catalan . 
  the same way that `` lleidat\u00e0 '' that i speak is catalan . 
  do not even listen to me . 
  listen to them . 
  listen to people who actually have studied history , language , culture ... and agree that it 's the same language . 
  you do n't want to listen ? 
  okay then , do whatever you want . 
  some friends of mine say that catalan and valencian is a dialect of spanish . 
  i love science ( physcis ) and i always say the reason science was created was so that we do n't burn each other with fire because we do n't belive that `` planets rotate the sun '' , but actually prove it . 
  my opinion , your opinion , and my friends opinion , do n't matter in this fact . 
  do you want to sign that song and ignore me ? 
  sure thing , do it , go ahead . 
  but you will be just blinding yourself . 
  honestly ? 
  i speak spanish anyway so i do not care . 
  but i am going to tell you this , it 's just a name . 
  see , i never said that valencian is not a dialect or catalan . 
  simply put , we 've been calling that `` dialect '' valencian for over 300 years and you wo n't change us , it 's not like lleidat\u00e0 ... even if you want to . 
  calling us '' pa\u00eds valenci\u00e0 '' lol does n't help either . 
  and the catalan countries thing just makes us madrilenians lol . 
  it 's like saying that spanish should be called `` castillian '' . 
  they 're just names . 
  who gives ... and also the only thing you 're doing that way is making more people speak spanish !, 
  congratulations on defending the unity of the language  i am just being blind ... again , i do not give a shit anyways , i 'll spend the rest of my free life where the government does n't force me to this or the other speaking spanish anyways ...  to a waaaay lesser extent right now . 
  just picture yourself a kid trying to learn stuff . 
  most resources can in spanish are way more complete and rich than in catalan . 
  and yes , viquipedia is doing a great job . 
  which means we 're on the right track . 
  globalization is making this way more difficult than it is . 
  picture youtube for example . 
  a kid , adult , teenager , whatever trying to search stuff there wo n't find content in catalan . 
  just like comparing resources in spanish vs english ? 
  so the government must intervene to fix that inequality by discrimination ? 
  lmao ... why learn spanish anyways ... after all , children will learn the language anyways ...  well , i just said that we respect everyone no matter in which language we talk . 
  i 've had teacher explaining stuff in spanish and no one cared . 
  you can speak in spanish , but there 's some preference for catalan in school , yes . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , i do n't see a problem with preference if at the end of the learning cycle both languages are learn at the same level . 
  everyone gets butthurt if someone at the government 's administration refuses to address someone in catalan and speaks in spanish . 
  again , equality . 
   picture the way you want , but over the years spanish has taken moree and more territory catalan than the other way around . 
  should we keep catalan or should we destroy it once and for all and use languages for commutation purposes ? 
  that 's up to everyone to decide actually . 
  that 's what happens when you let people have liberty and have choices . 
   sound good on paper ... 
  in reality what really is `` equality '' your right to teach both of their right to learn both of them equally ? 
  would you spend more time on something easy to teach or on something difficult ? 
  if spending more time teaching catalan ensures this equality i do n't see a problem and from my experience , my family experience and my friends experience no such inequality exists . 
  because again , for example , we should benefit blacks more to level them up to the whites . 
  do you see a problem there ? 
  i think most people would . 
  i can not debate more about equality honestly . 
   i want you to see the big picture . 
  it 's not the amount of content , it 's how early the contact is , how much quality that contact is , who these kids get that contact from , and the amount of contact . 
  does english have more content than spanish ? 
  sure . 
  do these kids learn english from their parents ? 
  do they socially interact with people who they learn englsh from ? 
  therefore , it needs to be taught more . 
  but it 's not liberty , it 's not freedom , it 's someone telling you learn this this this and if you do n't fuck you , you 're a second category citizen because you want to use one language over the other .
