  heck , by that logic just abolish learning and speaking spanish completely at schools , people will learn catalan faster ...  i consider myself good and science and technology and still got into the field i wanted so that 's nice  i suck at everything in life so we will see what comes from this ... 
  i prefer using the guardia civil honestly  you know the saying , what 's better to use than something than yours ? 
  _ lo del vecino _ ( the thing from your neighbor ) xd, 
   from outside catalonia and from someone who is not actively learning catalan this may not look as obvious this made my laugh ... 
  i am from valencia , xe collons , from a zone that is more valencian speaking than fuck !, 
  ( no joke , my town is 98 % valencian speaking ! ), 
   so ( in my opinion ) teaching everything in catalan is not a big deal because at the end of the educational system everyone learns the same ( some more , some less ) spanish than catalan . 
  i mean sure , teach a single language all around the world , where do i sing ? 
  but until that day happens , i think it 's a good idea to stick to a plan that works and protects the culture . 
  if and only if , people know as much catalan as spanish , and that 's happening right now . 
  so both languages are co-official , but one gets preferential treatment ? 
  so much for co-officialism ... `` yes , you should be able to go to any government in catalonia or institution and speak catalan or spanish to them except for schools ''  culturally it 's the other way around thanks , free market and liberty , that 's why we 're speaking to each other in english and not french !, 
   maybe ? 
  i would n't but i do n't speak the perfect truth . 
  as i mentioned before , matter of principle . 
  equality . 
  that is it . 
   keep in mind the amount of content available in spanish is waaaay higher than in catalan obviously ? 
  same in the case of english ? 
  we should filter its entrance into catalonia so it 's equal with catalan ? 
  come on . 
  catalan/valencian ( yes , i also mention / valencian because i will never admit i speak catalan hahahaha , same language , two names depending on the geographical zone it 's used , good compromise , right ? ), 
  is spoken by like 7 million people ... spanish ... a lot more . 
  it 's logical that there 's more content in spanish . 
   much less back in the 70s it is n't the 70s anymore and just because people want it does not make it right and it is still discrimination ? 
   because literally almost everyone supports the current arrangement . 
  okay you 're right on that . 
  i am just proposing solutions to the problems . 
   not to mention spanish tribunals struck down laws supporting a 50/50 arrangement in cultural products , which are now almost exclusively in spanish , and only 8 % of judicial sentences are in catalan . 
  if you want to fight for the equality of both languages , start by the spanish state 's organs in catalonia . 
  i want the article itself where that is explained . 
   and only 8 % of judicial sentences are in catalan so they must be at least 50 % in catalan then ? 
   every students learns spanish as well as catalan . 
  to a way lesser extent than spanish ? 
  that is the problem ( or at least that 's how i view it ? ) ? 
   2 - catalan needs to be taught far more than than spanish , we 've got a far lower population in catalonia than in spain . 
  our language is literally at risk . 
  do you see many movies in catalan ? 
  do you see many people speaking catalan properly without the heeaaaavy influence of spanish ? 
  and that is a reason why not let students have a choice or at least let both languages be equal at school ? 
  my only problem it 's that it 's pretty much imposing one language over the other , that is it . 
  it really shows how strong the language if you need to pump its use by artificially through the discrimination of the other language of the catalans . 
  also , do you think it 's right that you get the same amount of hours at school in a language that is n't even official in catalonia ( english ) than in spanish ? 
  i think that is n't right . 
  again , i want to reiterate my point . 
  discrimination by discrimination is still discrimination . 
  when shall we end it ? 
  or is it going to be like that , always in 100 % catalan ? 
  and also , by the same logic of thought , would n't you consider also bad that a catalan who wants to learn in spanish can not do so ? 
  if you want my proposal to solve this problem , 50 % of classes in catalan , 50 % in spanish . 
  that is it . 
  problem solved . 
  my local high school also has no problems when it comes to that , mainly because the selectivo spanish test is n't that much about speaking spanish fluently but more about memorization , syntax `` detection '' and understanding texts ' structure that you have been practicing for a year , not so much about being able to speak the language yourself and develop ideas by your own . 
  i took the test this last june , btw , just fyi . 
  two things . 
  not rebutting you . 
  i think we should analyze with did the pp come to power in spain and why did it gain so much power inside spain but not in catalonia in 2011 . 
  about catalan education . 
  i think it needs to be mentioned that the most controversial part is how most schools in catalonia as fair as i known and i 've seen ( i 've visited a couple of schools in catalonia ( in reus , girona , tarragona and olot ) thanks to an inter-regional exchange program ) do n't even teach common subjects in spanish at all , everything 's in catalan except for obviously spanish language class . 
  i know everyone says this is no big deal , etc , etc. . . but i come from a 100 % valencian speaking zone , and i see how my peers struggle in speaking and writing spanish ( i luckily have a spanish speaking parent and used to live in madrid before moving back to my hometown ages 10-15 ) , and i basically blame that on the fact that in my old high school almost 100 % of teachers exclusively use valencian in their classrooms ( heck , you can tell me whatever you want _ even _ in the spanish language class i 've seen people use valencian ) . 
  same in spain and just like i did . 
  catalonia independence 2018 make aragon have a beach again, 
  tldr : fucking islands , no oil , nobody gives a fuck, 
  [ i just want to point out that the skulls on caps tradition already existed before the nazis ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/totenkopf ) and that other militaries also used do that in the past . 
  +300 % efficiency if irish, 
  everyone clicked because of that . 
  hahaha catalonia you 're in the same boat as the valencian community !, 
  suck it !, 
  yes i am trying to start a rivalry equivalent to the netherlands vs finland one , since they like to brag that they are so european compared to us spaniardpoors , although i know the cv ( my region of spain ) would lose 95 % of the time ... 
  italian medite-bro , let 's go to sleep . 
  enough reddit for today . 
  well he had to start exploring from somewhere, 
  99 % of the comments will be `` but people already lived there so they did n't discover anything '' not / s. ... 
  i am sorry . 
  they should be allowed to do this , but nobody cares . 
  do n't report this . 
  same with basques :d, 
  hahaha you can offend me i wo n't get triggered  now if you call all non-basque spaniards paletos now that 's something i have a problem with , 
  yeah i know i use both interchangeably sorry . 
  what do you think about vascongadas ? 
  one of my friends actually uses that name to refer to you . 
  zapatero ? 
  tldr the dutch are mad they 've lost their monopoly on trading with the japanese, 
  * immigrant . 
  i read bats as `` balts '' and i thought that wow fireman 's poles are used irl ? 
  i 'm not very smart ... 
  so hidden that in fact two years ago you had 12m tourists ... 
  thanks for ignoring the constitution part !, 
  democracy also means rule of law . 
  artificial borders ? 
  that 's your perspective . 
  and needless to say so , a very `` ethnic '' one , something i completely disagree with . 
  yes , that is indeed the case `` more or less '' , however , now that we have had a democracy during more than 40 years , we have had the ability to work together and to try to understand each other so that we can all benefit from a stronger and more diverse spain while we are interlinked at the same time by our common language - spanish . 
  sure , i 've always said yes to that , but as long as such a thing does n't violate the current spanish constitution every single region in spain agreed to follow and abide by thanks for calling me names . 
  i also think spain 's a really nice country , and i think the balcanization of our country would be disastrous . 
  i can not talk about france but it 's probably the same thing , although i hate france for personal reasons :d as a plus , spain for me means being euskera , catalan , andalusian , valencian , madridian , etc. . . 
  i think our cultural diversity and historical legacy is beautiful  spain 's not spain without euskera , the cv , catalonia , etc. . . 
  good , we 've had the same here with valencian speakers !, 
  yay for proper bilingual education !, 
  so do you get an erection or something like that every single time someone mentions splitting up spain ?
