  at first i read `` cara al sol '' and was like wtf . 
  i have this feeling that this 'll happen again in some odd 50 years ... or not . 
  those towers are almost soviet like, 
  [ come on , his standards are not very high ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/itojldq.jpg ) [ since , this is who you 're dealing with . 
  thank god that afaik that did not happen . 
   but at 19:30 at the national theater of catalonia we have the official presentation will watch live since it 's too hot to do anything but stay in home helpessly doing nothig to avoid the heat of the summer ... well that 's valencia for you ... tv3 will broadcast the presentation , i assume ? 
  it is futile to discuss this with pro-independence activists . 
  the catalan government declares that catalonia stops being part of spain -  unconstitutional because that would mean this article is violated since la * indisoluble unidad de la naci\u00f3n espa\u00f1ola , patria com\u00fan e indivisible de todos los espa\u00f1oles * would stop being * indisoluble * . 
  i am tired of the mental gymnastics some people are going through to justify their cause . 
  not that their cause is stupid , bad or anything negative , it is just futile to have this conversation since the constitution is very clear about the legality of a referendum in regard to a secession of a part of spain that makes up the nation of spain . 
  so beach in spanish ? 
  lol in spanish `` khaganate '' sounds like take a dump + nate :d, 
  lol paja in spanish means straw . 
  it 's also a slang word for masturbation . 
  were magyars back then part of the khazar khanate ? 
  oh sorry i misunderstood this `` that ca n't wait to express their pen up frustration of independence '' i thought he meant the desire of some catalans to become independent from spain . 
  i am sorry . 
  the other points i made stand still . 
  wait i am trying to point out is that it not only * depends * on being well-educated . 
  where you went to school and the social environment you grew up in are also a big factors in deciding your political positions . 
  heck , for fuck 's sake , most school teachers i 've met where i live atm ( a predominantly valencian speaking area ) are in favor of the `` paisos catalans '' while people out on the streets are completely against that idea . 
  of course , then again , going by that same rule of thumb , would n't `` french '' catalans do the same ? 
  if you point out their fanatic nationalism , you instantly get categorized by them as a bad person/troll . 
  idk why but the most active catalans on reddit are in favor of independence blah blah blah ... and the response i am going to get is `` of course , since there are no catalans in favor of remaining in spain ( and france , for that point ) '' , yeah , bullshit . 
  remember , 45 \u00b0 c over there right now . 
  it 's just a ruse to kill you :d, 
  yes , but your tourists are rude in my personal experience :(, 
  is this even a surprise at this point , to be completely honest ? 
  why ? 
  it 's also the first time she 's kept her mouth shut around people . 
  [ and my favorite meme created with this picture ] ( http://cementeriodemarmotas.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/rajoydedo_independencia-cataluna2.png ) `` new achievement unlocked '' `` flag of the catalan independence movement pops up '', 
  but even more context , seriously . 
  yes , of course , of course , thanks for ignoring us , we the valencians want also to be bound only by madrid and the andalusians would also love that , we 're just irrelevant regions who have always followed behind madrid 's footsteps ... 
  yeah , mostly because i 'm from a small town and if you knew that you could easily identify who i am irl based upon previous comments too in which i tell that for example , one of my parents is from another country ( ukraine ) so i speak russian and a little bit of ukrainian , etc , etc , etc. . . 
  i agree with you . 
  podemos is another topic for another time ( [ this video is pretty much why i do not trust pablo iglesias or his party ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=286-ywqgoau ) ( the hypocrisy is just too much for me , '' incluso que existan los medios privados ataca a la libertad de expresi\u00f3n '' for god 's sake , going by that rule the act of you saying something against the state or even thinking something different from what the party says is a violation of your rights and you must go to prison ) my views on socialism are complicated , but i digress . 
  i am a pragmatist within reason . 
  again , we are not talking about catalan independence , we are talking about that guy . 
  note how i have n't insulted anyone and i 've even acknowledged when i 'm wrong . 
  no , what i mean to say is that there are consequences to becoming an independent country ( leaving the eu , schengen border agreements , rule of law , finance , monetary policy , etc. . . ) that are very difficult topics , and people need to be aware that actions have consequences , like it or not . 
  also , the fact that you will be refusing to be spaniards ( effectively speaking refusing to own the 3rd best passport in the world ) matters a lot for people internationally when travelling or doing business , but we all know that most pro-independence catalans will be citizens of spain as long as it is convenient for them , being hypocritical to their beliefs . 
  when i said quality of life , i meant all of this , sorry i made a mistake by not fully explaining myself . 
  i am a blavero , of course , of course , though i 've never voted for pp in my entire life and i 've always hated them , i am in favor of restructuring of the spanish state , i am in favor of a referendum in catalonia , provided it 's legal and people are fully aware of the consequences of leaving one of the best countries in the world ( we might not be the best , but we have a quality of life many people are jealous of around the world ) , i 've never denied that catalan and valencian are the same language ( you know the joke , qui diu que el valenci\u00e0 i el catal\u00e0 s\u00f3n idiomes diferents no saben parlar ni el valenci\u00e0 ni el catal\u00e0 ) , etc. . . i tu continues diguent-me que s\u00f3c un blaver , per l'amor de d\u00e9u , xe . 
  that comment was n't made about catalonia ( not even by me ! ) . 
  we are talking about how this guy is trying to make redditors identify catalonia as separate from spain by willfully ignoring to do things like i explained before . 
  yes , it is politically motivated based upon * context * , like it or not . 
  if i posted a picture of catalonia and ignored to say catalonia and just said spain when it 's common practice here in spain because of our regionalisms and so on and did that every single time i posted a thread , would n't you think that ? 
  is anything what i 've said objectively wrong ? 
  also , thanks for the [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ), 
  [ it exists in it 's current form because of it . 
  it has powers to rule alongside ( and limited by ) the government of spain in catalonia because of it . 
  cool , but that is n't a piece of wood per se , 
  the spanish state existed in 1977 and at that moment had sovereignty over the territory of catalonia . 
  so , what do you want to tell me with that fact ? 
  hehe it 's good to change yourself when you are wrong !, 
  hahaha , i 'm also a european federalist ( democratic one , if a country does n't want to integrate to an union you must not make it to ) . 
  you see , i do n't identify with spain per se . 
  it 's all about context . 
  when i have a conversation with someone from catalonia , or andalusia or madrid , i identify first and foremost as a valencian , when it 's with someone from another town from mine or city in the cv , i identify as ( i do not want to disclose my exact location ) and when it 's with someone from another country who does n't know a whole lot about spain , it 's always european and spanish , and so on ... 
  i think that 's the case for most spaniards , especially in comparison to people from other countries , we are more `` local '' ... 
  i hate socialism , podemos and so on ... but to each his own hahahaha ... 
  but obviously here in spain if you say that you are `` clearly a pp member , or a ciudadanos cu\u00f1ao ) but eh ... 
  i identify first and foremost as a pragmatist to be completely honest ... anyways , i should get off reddit ... oh wait 35c outside nevermind :d, 
  the spanish government also existed before the 1978 constitution . 
  should 've made it bigger then !, 
  or even better , make a gigantic one and put it on right under the ceiling of the parliament , so that technically speaking , all diputes are covered with the oak 's `` powers '' :d, 
  what does that cross looking rock symbolize ? 
  ( also lol :d so stereotypical of you basques ! / s ), 
  i always wonder , how the heck do you start a _ physical _ fight in parliament ? 
  hahaha me too , me too . 
  i do n't agree , i think it 's fine how it is right now :d !, 
  i will refer you to this comment i made before in response to op , and tell you that there is always precendent - we are not talking about something that happens once in a while , we are talking about a behavior he has exhibited throughout all of his posts . 
  well , he is not objectively wrong , since 48 % < 50 % . 
  besides , he 's doing that in reference to what happened for example in brexit , in which the uk has been made to leave an union because of a 52 % - 48 % split in a vote , with consequences that so far have yielded a lot of bad problems , meaning that small percentage differences like this can fail to represent democracy properly . 
  in many countries , affairs like these which usually can have a very big influence upon people 's lives are agreed upon reaching a 2/3 or a 75 % approval rate by the people , be it through parliament or legal referendums . 
  also the fanatic part . 
  merriam-webster defines fanatic as `` marked by excessive enthusiasm and often intense uncritical devotion '' , and the rules of / r/europe define that fanatics are not to be allowed . 
  in the specific context / u/ksgrip mentioned *  it is like you need every oportunity to make it seem like it is another country * and a quick browse through your previous posts and comments , it can be concluded that you are indeed , fanatically trying to make it seem like catalonia is another country by not mentioning for example , that catalonia is a region inside spain , contrary to the common practice among redditors in this sub to point out too the country of origin of a post for example when specifically posting something non-political related to that region , like a picture or something like that . 
  okay , not madness , relax , there are different kinds of people in this world . 
  he might just like to defend the independence of catalonia , and that is fine , but he has violated the rules of this subreddit with his behavior in regard to obsesive posting and commenting as i 've explained before . 
  i 've just browsed through his user account again , he does n't call anyone fascist or traitor apparently , so please , restrain yourself from doing those comments . 
  i 'm also tired of _ independ\u00e8ncia !!!, 
  ! _ my biggest problem with the movement ( apart from the use of spain as a scaprgoat ) is that they want to become an independent country , okay , that is fair , but they need to explain how that state is going to be and what are the consequences of creating such a state , such as the potential refusal by spain to allow them into the eu ( i would be against that , on a personal note ) and how they would need to react or other things . 
  it 's just a disaster for them and a for spain ( but to a lesser extent ) . 
  and also , everyone with a rational mind knows that 95 % of the population in the case of catalan independence would n't give up their spanish citizenship , the 3rd best passport in the world for travelling , doing business and such ( spain internationally speaking is not a hated country ) in favor of some `` catalan passport '' which would n't even allow an individual to work in italy . 
  that is why i feel like the independence movement is fake , it 's just about emotions . 
  also , you are not the best politically speaking . 
  posting `` la legi\u00f3n '' when we all spaniards know that part of the army is associated with ultra-catolicism and even fascism makes me not exactly like you . 
  anyways , have a nice day !, 
  i 've heard that concept before but what does it mean ... okay ... let 's see ... [ wikipedia ] ( https://ca.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/blaverisme ) so did i ever tried to point out that catalan and valencian are different languages ? 
  am i a populist ? 
  well that i can agree with , since i would like the cv to have more autonomy from the c. spanish government within reason ... and anticatalism . 
  can you show me how do i hate catalania , a region of spain ? 
  oh wait , just by saying that you automatically become an enemy of catalonia ? 
  well , he is not objectively wrong , since 48 % < 50 % . 
  besides , he 's doing that in reference to what happened for example in brexit , in which the uk has been made to leave an union because of a 52 % - 48 % split in a vote , with consequences that so far have yielded a lot of bad problems , meaning that small percentage differences like this can fail to represent democracy properly . 
  in many countries , affairs like these which usually can have a very big influence upon people 's lives are agreed upon reaching a 2/3 or a 75 % approval rate by the people , be it through parliament or legal referendums . 
  also the fanatic part . 
  merriam-webster defines fanatic as `` marked by excessive enthusiasm and often intense uncritical devotion '' , and the rules of / r/europe define that fanatics are not to be allowed . 
  in the specific context / u/ksgrip mentioned *  it is like you need every oportunity to make it seem like it is another country * and a quick browse through your previous posts and comments , it can be concluded that you are indeed , fanatically trying to make it seem like catalonia is another country by not mentioning for example , that catalonia is a region inside spain , contrary to the common practice among redditors in this sub to point out too the country of origin of a post for example when specifically posting something non-political related to that region , like a picture or something like that .
