  i agree . 
  i never hear the term brainwash for the millions of europeans who fought for nazi germany, 
  with the amount of power the intelligence agencies of the west has , i would n't be surprised . 
  undermining democracy is their bread and butter , if they can do it abroad it 's even easier to do at home . 
  for that reason plus how close the opinion polls are i ca n't see how scotland will vote yes . 
  how on earth do you go up against the nsa , cia , mi5 etc. . all you need to do is fudge or lose or manipulate a few hundred thousand votes . 
  maybe even less . 
  especially as the west thinks it 's too good for independent/foreign observers and the media will easily fall into line . 
  and anyone who thinks these guys are n't working overtime to ensure scotland votes no is kidding themselves . 
  it pretty much goes against the interests of the business elite to vote yes , even if scotland remains ( or rejoins ) as an eu/nato member . 
  finally a land route to amsterdam . 
  that 's all i 've ever wanted, 
  brics, 
  jesus , it 's not just the mail . 
  this entire country is batshit insane , this post right here is proof . 
  it 's not just the mail . 
  it 's all the media . 
  it 's not just old right wing hacks , it 's young people too who go all ballistic about the monarchy and the queen . 
  why do people keep burying their heads in the sand and act like it 's only the mail ? 
  wake up and smell the coffee . 
  england is full of right wing twats , across all ages and social backgrounds . 
  you seem like someone who 's never visited / r/unitedkingdom this country likes to think only mail readers are crazy conservatives but like america , even our `` liberals '' are batshit crazy by mainland european standards . 
  i think / r/unitedkingdom is one of the most pro monarchy communities i 've ever seen . 
  they would have made great loyal monarchist cannon fodder in the civil wars . 
  i reckon europe will have a second holocaust in my lifetime . 
  a leopard never changes it 's spots . 
  one of the most successful things the west and communists did was pretend like it was only the germans who were evil and all other europeans were innocent . 
  the problem with the eu is if you 're not someone who thinks the eu should be the fourth reich , or a single state then you 're labelled anti eu . 
  the eu was good but i 'm not sure long term . 
  even this subreddit has no interest on democracy for catalunya . 
  it 's all about the empire staying together whilst it expands eastwards . 
  no dissent allowed in the west . 
  if shit ever kicks off in spain you 'll have the same right wing cunts from europe going around trying to defend the empire it will probably be spun that catalonians are pro russian or anti jewish and that will get americans , polish and canadians involved, 
  living in london i 'm so out of touch with nature and how everything and anything gets imported i have no idea . 
  the same things people always eat . 
  the apple tree in the garden seems to have made some nice apples though . 
  but then there 's / r/beards, 
  it 's a pc term used to describe muslims , asian in the uk describes people from south asia , except it 's dumb because that region is majority hindu/non-muslim . 
  it 's is much more racist because people are too stupid to realise that hindus or sikhs exist at all . 
  people are also too stupid to realise that muslims exist outside of south asia . 
  so what you have is the entire media and government simultaneously ignoring non-asian muslims , and non-muslim asians . 
  it 's a clusterfuck . 
  especially so because sikhs and hindus have been struggling with islam for centuries , and now also have to struggle with white folk/ukip and seemingly everyone on / r/europe and reddit who ca n't be bothered with distinguishing them from muslims . 
  the amount of attacks on sikhs for example in the us has probably far exceeded attacks on muslims . 
  just a few years ago some white guy shot up a sikh temple and killed a bunch of people ( it was given far less attention then most other shootings , or the boston bombing etc. . ), 
  i think liverpool gets it the most by far but london gets the actual hate , for when people are not joking around any more, 
  ca n't argue that, 
  problem is west also loves those russian oligarchs . 
  they steal money from russia , spend it on western products . 
  it 's a win-win scenario . 
  russia gets fucked as a whole , but money still gets to be made off the corruption . 
  it 's what the west has done to corrupt nations for a long time . 
  there 's no altruistic need for a middle class to develop anywhere else . 
  ultimately an educated strong middle class in a competitor nation is a threat that could be done without . 
  funny because hungary and poland were best buddies when it came to siding with hitler against czechoslovakia ... people say nobody mentions the soviets invading poland , which is somewhat true ( although still widely taught ) . 
  [ do people mention poland invading czechoslovakia ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b5/czechoslovakia_1939.svg/1000px-czechoslovakia_1939.svg.png ) what do poles have to say [ about that ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaolzie#part_of_poland_.281938.e2.80.931939.29 ), 
  nato already covers most of it . 
  even for eu members not part of nato , if an eu member gets attacked it will be more or less like nato getting involved . 
  the problem is that the eu is hell bent on expanding eastwards and getting itself into conflicts with this mentality that everything it does is superior and morally correct and on the right side and for the greater good . 
  any military on top of nato only furthers the inherent aggression within the west to further its own goals . 
  people have had the goal of putting all of europe under one flag for thousands of years . 
  in other words , just like every other imperialist power in the history of everything . 
  the eu already has two nuclear powers too , so there really is n't any threat of being overrun by anyone . 
  i doubt it , unless kazakhstan tries to join the eu or allows america to start building military bases , then they might start getting angry . 
  which seems unlikely as i thought the current kazakh government is fairly pro-russia . 
  if what happened in ukraine happens in kazakhstan , some kind of pro-western revolution . 
  then i think the russians would definitely start getting very angry . 
  russia basically wants its own monroe doctrine for countries that border it or what it thinks is its sphere of influence . 
  if the us/west is basically trying to surround and contain russia then i 'm not surprised if russia fights back . 
  i 'm not necessarily saying this and that is right or wrong , but i do think the west needs to cool it with the whole surround russia and back them into a corner . 
  everyone has their own way of imperialism , russia has their way as does the west . 
  whatever side you 're on people think its the best , most justified cause . 
  same shit different century . 
  from an outside perspective there seems to be just as much people in eastern europe who want to expand this into a nato war as there are extremists in russia who want the final showdown . 
  if not more . 
  this entire subreddit constantly bangs the war drums in the same fervour the us did after 9/11 . 
  if this is some morality bullshit about ukraine , a non-nato member , or about the evils of war itself , then why do all these eastern european countries and others happily join america on whatever next war they make up ? 
  i get it , historical reasons mean there 's anxiety towards russia in that region . 
  but until russia invades/attacks a nato country i see no reason why nato needs to start the war first . 
  do n't get me wrong , if russia attacks a nato member then you guys can have your party and i will pop open the whiskey . 
  at the end of the day ukraine is a non-nato member which had a revolution against an elected regime and is now facing civil strife in what was already a very divided country . 
  this is n't the kind of shit that needs nato to be the aggressor for just because people want revenge or expansion . 
  let the russians attack first , if they will . 
  wake me up with russia starts doing this to an actual nato member . 
  so far all we have seen is nato countries wanting to go with war to russia rather than russia wanting a war with nato . 
  if the ussr never fucked with nato why would modern day russia who does n't even hold a candle to the ussr . 
  there is n't going to be any conflict with a nato member . 
  why would russia want to start ww3 ? 
  all these baltic nations and poland are eager for nato to invade russia and expand the eu eastwards . 
  frankly speaking they are just as dangerous as russia , perhaps more so . 
  i do n't see russia invading a nato member , i do see nato starting the war with russia though because the baltic nations and poland etc. . and segments of the us are so eager for it . 
  on one hand it made sense to expand nato eastwards , on another we have now given membership to a bunch of nations who will stand behind the military might of the us and then try to use them to get revenge on russia once and for all . 
  the thing is you 'd have to be stupid to think that the eu/west/usa has n't had people on the ground in ukraine since , even during the protests . 
  hell i would n't even be surprised if they were there before the protests and had this planned all along . 
  that 's the bread and butter of large countries with global goals ( for which , nowadays , the west can effectively be counted as a singular nation as individual countries diverge on issues extremely rarely nowadays ) . 
  topple a government , replace with your own etc. . . 50 years down the line the truth is found out and nobody gives a fuck . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  i do n't disagree with the fact that russia has troops in there and is sending massive amounts of aid to rebels .
