  although maybe kent or brighton or those chavvy/townie places might be worse . 
  1 ) mainly the austrian-hungarian empire and ww1 ( i always thought that it was an odd combination , same with poland-lithuania ) 2 ) hitler and anschluss that 's about it . 
  they probably will now that they 've got moneybags clubs like psg and monaco to increase the competition ( and quality ) . 
  instead of lyon winning the title like 10 years in a row . 
  the hatred of america is only the sort of jokes and stuff `` they spell wrong '' etc. . push comes to shove you 'll hear the same bullshit about democracy , freedom etc. . that the yanks say from people over here . 
  certainly if you presented a situation of closer ties to `` liberal socialist '' europe or `` might is right , christian , militaristic america '' at least in england people will choose america all day every day . 
  it 's quite nationalist and extremely royalist ( like seriously royalist , not even jokes are usually accepted ) . 
  and has a fair amount of militarism too . 
  traits which basically mean `` i will suck dick for the usa '' because the us allows britain to exercise nationalism/militarism and having people yell `` queen and country '' as yet another country is invaded/bombed . 
  america gives the people in britain who would have been redcoats massacring `` savages '' in the 19th century a voice and relevancy in the 21st century . 
  like i said , britain never really had a post-imperialist period like other countries simply because it basically attached itself as the 51st state of the us whilst the empire was slowly being disbanded . 
  so that has basically carved out the national psyche we have today . 
  even countries like canada have a very nationalist/militarist streak ( that is increasingly growing ) that is only enabled because it sucks off the teat of the us . 
  without america , countries like britain , canada and australia would have to act as ` normal ' or rational nations instead of supreme dickheads ( at least in terms of foreign policy ) with a massive penchant for violence and destruction . 
  this is why i really ca n't wait until the us loses much of its power in a multi polar world . 
  the us is giving the far right/conservatives etc in britain . . far too much relevancy in a world where they should be non-existent . 
  we need more peace , not violence . 
  and frankly we keep following the us down the path of wealth concentration for the top 1 % and nothing for everyone else , and society will eventually crumble . 
  most people prefer the war , religion , violence and greedy attitude of the us than the similar but less potent values of mainland europe . 
  that does n't take an expert to say that . 
  britain is still a very right wing country especially if you count out scotland/wales/northern ireland . 
  america makes the far right and conservatives of the uk feel like the empire still exists , alongside that innate desire to kill those deemed as inferior . 
  britain has never really had that post-imperial period that other nations have had because the us took it up and britain has never stopped hanging from the teat of america . 
  so the imperialistic attitude was n't really ever given a chance to disappear . 
  think again . 
  look on / r/unitedkingdom for a start . 
  even the so called liberal youth are fairly nationalist and royalist . 
  most of the right wing/royalist/militarist / racist people seem to love americans as teaming up with the us allows the usual suspects to act out their desires against those deemed inferior . 
  the eu is more interested in expanding into eastern europe for political and military reasons rather than any kind of sound economic union . 
  i 'm still fairly pro-eu but it 's clear the eu is merely a tool for politicians to wave their dicks around on an international level . 
  there was no need to expand so fast into lesser developed economies and it 's done more harm than good . 
  this is what i mean by the us basically * enables * the racists , fascists , conservatives , military etc. . to act out on their ideals rather than simply keep them as a pipedream from a bygone era . 
  european countries can no longer do things like it 's the 19th century , nowadays the only way that can be achieved is by joining the us . 
  look at all these eastern european countries , the moment they were given any sort of relevance as truly independent nations they join nato and without question follow the us in any war whatsoever , presumably feeling very smug and superior about themselves and drumming up all kinds of nationalism in the process . 
  the us gives an outlet for these fuckers who wished they were born in the 19th century . 
  where it 's all about dominance , control , power , wealth for the few at the expense of the many . 
  they have a selfish right wing militaristic culture that generally appeals to all the racists , classists and twats in europe and elsewhere . 
  they could n't give a toss about anyone as long as they 're making money and fulfilling their innate desire for domination above those they deem inferior . 
  both at home and abroad . 
  they have a 19th century mentality wrapped up in 21st century technology . 
  if i had to choose , the dutch because i like smoking weed but i hate not being able to just go to a shop and buy some . 
  maybe if there was a ( proper ) political union with the dutch somehow shit would get legalised here . 
  what i definitely want is for the us to fuck off and take their backwards drugs and censorship policies and terrorist making , fear mongering , war bullshit with them and let britain progress instead of constantly holding the country back and making it a stupid conservative nationalist racist spy bullshit war mongering puppet state . 
  canada and australia can fuck off forever too because they are turning into shitty right wing american culture places except they seem to be enjoying it . 
  then it would be basques , hungarians , estonians and finns ( i.e : the non-indo-european languages of europe ) but the basques are even more interesting as nobody seems to really know what that language is related to . 
  from what i read the basque language is one of the very very old languages of europe that somehow survived the onslaught from the indo-european languages where others died out . 
  londoner here it 's true , people look at me like * i 'm * the weird one if i put a cigarette out and then put it in a bin, 
  when i first travelled to mainland europe . 
  it was a culture shock . 
  mainly because i did n't expect things to seem so similar ... 
  things only really seem different once you go to a place where the climate is different . 
  like southern spain . 
  actually spain in general felt the most different . 
  france and belgium and the netherlands just seem like britain except the people speak different and drive on the wrong side of the road . 
  i do n't imagine germany is much different . 
  i think things only would start to get ` weird ' once i visit the alps and eastern europe . 
  then again i 've only ever been to these places as a tourist . 
  and i 'm from london and lived my whole life in london so nothing really surprises me . 
  honestly ... when was the last time democracy changed anything . 
  you can peacefully protest all you want about wars or surveillance or student fees or bailing out the ultra wealthy and nothing changes , if anything you will be treated as a terrorist by both the police and government/media , and by the average person . 
  but suddenly people violently protesting in egypt or ukraine ( but not saudi or bahrain ) are now seen as heroes and freedom fighters . 
  you ca n't help but see all this and become disillusioned . 
  i can not remember the last time a protest actually worked in britain . 
  certainly none in my lifetime . 
  everybody likes to stay hush hush about northern ireland , ca n't go calling for the execution of all muslims ( or ethnic minorities in general ) when white christians are doing terrorist activities, 
  i 've had it with shit heads always talking about democracy and blah blah blah , when really it 's just politics . 
  because you sit there and start talking about respecting the fucking law when it comes to your own countries . 
  this is what always happens . 
  protests , independence movements , whatever you name it and people always complain that it 's against the law and people need to respect authority/police . 
  but as soon as it happens elsewhere , then everyone wants the government to resign and people talk about democracy . 
  you know if the catalonians started smashing statues and going on riots more than half of you would want the spanish army to go in and kill them all . 
  but if it happens in serbia or ukraine or the middle east then you want the army to go in and save the protesters and destroy the government . 
  same shit in the us . 
  britain . 
  wherever . 
  there 's this fucking holier than thou right wing nationalist attitude that has become almost extreme over the past decade especially within eu/nato members , more or less since the beginning of the war on terror . 
  or maybe it has always been there and i 'm just noticing it now . 
  this is hilarious . 
  just last week you pubes were crying about democracy and action and demanding the ukrainian government resign after a few protests . 
  now you 're siding behind a government that is blocking referendums and saying it 's illegal and that they have to `` respect the law '' . 
  so now what happened to democracy and liberty and all that crap ? 
  this is how everyone fucking knows when morons start talking about democracy they are full of shit . 
  and yet so many governments stay silent , but let 's all threaten ukraine or some middle eastern country for being `` undemocratic '' by not immediately resigning at sign of any protest . 
  fuck this shit . 
  this place might as well be called / r/eu, 
  no it is n't . 
  you guys are fucking annoying , if this was happening in a western european country even for legitimate reasons like the iraq war or bailouts or another shitty american jew war or whatever the reaction is always the fucking same . 
  even if people agree they still hate on protesters ( e.g : anonymous protesters against spying etc. . , i 'm not one of them , but at least they are doing something , yet people in the west still feel to shit on them whilst they sit and do nothing ) . 
  governments sprout the same shit about peacefulness and democracy , media sprout whatever they are told to . 
  everyone steps in line including and especially the common man and always talks about how the police is right and protesters deserve to be treated like shit . 
  yet now all of a sudden the tune changes when it 's countries like russia or egypt or whatever . 
  you ca n't fucking respect protests ( even peaceful ones ) and democracy here yet you want to see chaos and destruction elsewhere . 
  that 's how i see it ... and i do n't want ukraine in the eu just because some german cunts want to expand their new found reich and the americans want another chance to show russians the finger and have another shitty eastern european ( + britain ) country to act as cannon fodder for their muslim wars like the rest of them are doing . 
  this has nothing to do with economics ... 
  oh come on . 
  if there was a protest here and we smashed up the american embassy and statues of americans and told yanks to fuck off and demand that the government resign immediately we 'd be called terrorists , undemocratic and the media would hound us forever ( arguably , rightly so ) . 
  but when someone does it for the eu , against russians , suddenly they are freedom fighters being democratic ( despite losing the elections ) and the ukraine government needs to step down and immediately resign and be condemned by everyone . 
  same shit happened in the middle east in places like egypt . 
  i ca n't help but get supremely pissed off not just at governments but also so many people in news comments and places like reddit where they shit on protesters here who dare to speak out against war , america , spying , bailouts , student fees etc. . and call them un democratic and heathens , but then heap praise on protesters who destroy statues and run amok elsewhere if it fits their political ambitions . 
  and the bbc are some of the worst offenders in this regard .
