  i think if the ukrainians want this guy they should do it himself , but it seems they basically are now inviting over the west to come into ukraine and search and detain this guy . 
   maybe they 're better famous last words ... 
  none of which has to do with suppressing the rights of minorities or doing tit for tat reprisals against minorities . 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  nonsense about europeans superiority when talking about shit like this . 
  this is why you guys are fucked in the head and now i am becoming extremely euroskeptic about you mainland europeans and your ideals . 
  the comments on this thread in combination with the fact that many of the ukrainian revolutionaries are racists and nationalists makes for some easy judgments . 
  you honestly can not fathom what is even remotely wrong about something like this . 
  nobody will ever be able to make you change your mind . 
  and you will want to get your way eventually using bullets and knives and even as you slit the throats of your enemies you will repeat the words of your paragraph and everyone on this subreddit will applaud . 
  iirc most of the russian speaking areas of ukraine were actually muslim tatar areas . 
  and of course before the muslims it was someone else . 
  so it 's not as simple as ukrainians have lived there since the beginning of time . 
  regardless this is what i have been saying since the beginning , you guys will throw out all your talk of freedom and democracy and start to look like the fascists you always were now that you feel like `` you '' have won . 
  the eu is beginning to look just like america in that regard . 
  the russians do n't pretend they are better than everyone when they do stupid shit . 
  the worst thing about you people is you ca n't fathom anything other than what you are doing is being done because you are so much better than everyone else . 
  people who are evil and do n't care , they are easy to handle . 
  people who are evil but ca n't even think or comprehend for one second what they are doing is bad , they are the worst . 
  this entire subreddit now seems to be baying for blood . 
  and you will baulk when they fight back . 
  i 'm not even sure what to think , except how bad it will be that our media and government will actually be on your side and everyone will think they are doing it because of freedom and democracy . 
  it 's ok , if anyone tells you that we 're any better they are lying . 
  the propaganda here in the uk on the side of the protesters is pretty clear too . 
  ok , maybe a little bit better ... 
  if the pro-russians start a counter revolution you will see your media label them as heroes and our media and everyone on reddit label them as terrorists or undemocratic . 
  typical really . 
  although in general it seems nobody in the uk is that much interested in the first place . 
  the new government will do the same thing . 
  so would my government . 
  no difference . 
  only the way the media portray it . 
  on the same grounds the protesters called the old government illegitimate . 
  please do n't tell me you are that dumb . 
  now you preach democracy ? 
  now ... 
  so now the so called peaceful europeans are just as bad as everyone else . 
  got ta laugh when this subreddit shows it 's daily hypocrisy, 
  well i mean it was supposed to be a compromise but it ended up turning into a takeover, 
  sometimes you see a story about poland and think , well it basically writes itself as a polandball comic, 
  we have statues of cromwell outside parliament despite the royals winning and pretty much destroying any chance of a republic ever the americans . 
  let 's not get even started how much the americans honour the confederate states . 
  including the us military itself . 
  this woman was no good herself , right ? 
  now that she 's got powerful friends in the eu and us we 're supposed to believe our media and governments and all you guys on / r/europe that she is the best thing since sliced bread ? 
  so now that yesterdays agreement has already collapsed ... now what ? 
  but you guys were celebrating when lwow ( lviv ) did it just a few days ago ... 
  how about you just vote him out . 
  if he dies then klistcho ( sp ) should die to has both sides have blood on their hands , which would be a shame as he was a fine boxer . 
  you might as well just ask for a civil war at that point . 
  i heard he left kiev and legged it to eastern ukraine . 
  now what are his supporters over there going to do ? 
  this is what the bbc said in their live text :  leaders of predominantly russian-speaking regions in south-eastern ukraine and crimea have challenged the legitimacy of the national parliament in kiev . 
  at a meeting in kharkiv , regional leaders said they were `` taking all the powers into their hands '' until the `` constitutional order '' is `` guaranteed '' in kiev . 
  it wo n't be flushed down the manhole . 
  it will all be reinvested/stashed away as property in london just like every other rich asshole does from around the world . 
  sucks for everyone who actually lives in london as the housing bubble expands faster than the universe does . 
  so i 'm guessing you guys will call for a viking revolution until you get what you want ? 
  what if everyone who fought in ww2 was a time traveler . 
  one side wanted hitler dead . 
  the other did n't for reasons like this . 
  / r/showerthoughts, 
  hold your horses there mate . 
  the spanish government have given no indication whatsoever that they will allow catalonians , basques or anyone else even the peaceful means of secession . 
  funny thing being whilst everyone is urging protesters to react violently against the ukranian regime everyone here and in the eu makes threats to scotland and does whatever they can to prevent spain from allowing elections etc under the banner of `` unity '' do as i say , not as i do . 
  you can tell how unhappy the eu is and many people here that scotland was allowed a vote at all . 
  at this point in time i 'd wager most people here and the protesters themselves just want the entire ukraine government to resign and be banned from any elections ( at least any pro russian party ) . 
  not very democratic from the eu/us but the old answer that `` it 's different '' will be said . 
  kind of like what happened in egypt to morsi . 
  basically a complete takeover is the only thing they will accept . 
  compromise is what the media says politicians in the west are asking for but you know what is really wanted . 
  the problem is people here basically do n't want to admit that there are still government supporters in ukraine , you look all over the media and on reddit and it is being portrayed as 99 % of the country vs 1 % , i honestly do n't think we would see so much violence and conflict if it was a unified revolution . 
  kind of like how reddit does n't want to admit there are republicans in the us . 
  or at least how it used to . 
  now that it 's mainstream for americans you often see right wing viewpoints as top posts . 
  especially on matters regarding race and military . 
  so maybe if there were more ukranians on reddit you might start to see people on the other side of the fence too . 
  but for now it 's a circlejerk of americans , brits and angry germans/eastern europeans who do n't want to hear anything of the other side of the story . 
  which is why i 'm so skeptical of this situation . 
  probably military aid too . 
  except this time everyone ( at least our media and popular opinion on social media in the west ) will be cheering when authorities are executing the pro-russian peoples . 
  or telling them they are terrorists or traitors for protesting . 
  so basically what the pro-russians are saying right now except in reverse . 
  international politics is really something else . 
  they all do . 
  most of the housing in london is being snapped up by rich folk in unstable countries who use london property as store for their wealth . 
  the government here do nothing about it , whilst all it does is create a ridiculous housing bubble and crisis . 
  ordinary people have become rapidly outpriced in the housing market and just end up throwing most of their income away on rent instead . 
  the situation is so dire , even from the 19th century . 
  back then the rich could n't offload their entire wealth into a safe haven and leave with the click of a button . 
  nowadays even if there is a revolution against the rich the victors will be left with nothing but empty coffers . 
  it 's never been so easy to steal and cheese it . 
  not that the ukrainians necessarily have that to worry about . 
  they will probably receive billions in aid from the eu once they wrestle control of ukraine from russia . 
  could you see eastern ukraine then do a counter revolution if the current government is ousted ? 
  it 'll be hilarious , no not hilarious , but it 'll be a sad sight to behold watching all you guys and our governments then do a complete 180 and start siding with the new government when the new police start killing the pro-russian protesters . 
  ( and vice versa for russia , when it will suddenly find a voice for the protesters ) says it all about the situation , does n't it ? 
  i know everyone wants to portray this as the entire country rising up against corruption but it 's clear things are more divided . 
  it 's funny this entire subreddit calls anyone with an alternative opinion a troll . 
  do you not disagree that if this happened in australia and or britain , or america then everyone would be calling them terrorists and it would have been shut down a long time ago ?
