  just because a nation has the legal right to do something does not mean its actions are absolved of any critical analysis . 
  except it is when your entire platform is based around letting people do as they please under a guise of `` freedom and democracy and self determination '', 
  i 've always thought of denmark as one of the holier than thou attitude nations . 
  always trying to talk about environment and all that shit . 
  talking down on others . 
  pretending they are so much better than everyone else . 
  then whenever someone brings up whaling or giraffe murdering , you guys defend it and talk about how it 's all ok and how it 's not bad and how everyone should leave you alone . 
  that 's what pisses me off about denmark . 
  you want to give off the image of a saint whilst then start acting like a fucking redneck when someone calls you out on it . 
  then again , there are plenty of folk like that in britain ... but canada & australia especially . 
  hypocrites really . 
  i do n't mind denmark being whalers or giraffe murderers but do n't defend that shit whilst simultaneously acting holier than thou when it comes to other countries . 
  i thought finno-ugrics came to europe after slavs/indo-europeans ? 
  i have no idea though , i 've always heard that they were from the urals . 
  like hungarians . 
  hence why everyone jokes on / r/polandball that finno-ugrics are `` mongols '' ok yes , i just admitted i get my facts about europe from / r/polandball -_-, 
   ou 're completely ignoring the right of self determination of the people of these nations . 
  the irony if someone saying that and then talking down on france talking about how dare they go against the eu , the us and not be 100 % antagonistic towards russia and how everybody needs to collectively suffer to collectively punish russia . 
  the irony of someone saying that whilst completely ignoring anyone that dares to speak out against the increasing federalisation and super state structure of the eu . 
  the complete subservient attitude towards the us and the numerous unending wars each country is getting itself involved in . 
  the irony of ignoring the history of how the west has influenced and organised many revolutions against democracies and organised steadfast support for dictatorships . 
  i mean , there has to come a time when people finally stop beleiving in all this bullshit about freedom and democracy and realise what 's really going on . 
  the worst thing is even after all the evidence and historical fact you will still be called out as someone who is a conspiracy theorist or an anti-national or whatever . 
  it 's these fascist attitudes which hide behind attitudes of enlightenment and holier than thou attitudes which annoy me . 
  in the end everyone who goes against your views will always be wrong and there 's no room for discussion . 
  like i said . 
  france is a free country . 
  they do n't have to be forced into doing anything they do n't want to do . 
  america , eu or anyone does n't have the right to tell france it can and can not do something . 
  except it is . 
  what does france gain to lose by not going on the hate russia bandwagon ? 
  this is all being done because idiots in germany , eastern europe , britain to an extent and of course the us want to continue expanding east because of a forever innate hatred of russia . 
  i mean if france has no problem selling its stuff to ridiculous gulf arab regimes then russia is nothing in comparison . 
  no , lunatics trying to unite europe started world wars . 
  i do n't see why the eu has to be such a `` unified '' entity with the overarching government taking precedent over the individual states . 
  a loose confederation , that 's all it ever needs to be . 
  never have and never will be for a republic of europe , no matter how hard the media and superstate losers try to push putin in my face as a scare tactic . 
  boo nah ... the eu is aright . 
  just enough with the whole lebensraum , mittleuropa nonsense . 
  that shit started two world wars and will start another one . 
  no i did n't , i 'm saying not everyone has the same general hatred of russia that you see on places like reddit . 
  the uk mood is either ambivalent or suspicious of our media and government as yet another state intervention and coup is carried out . 
  the guardian themselves are doing no better when it comes to only representing one side ( maidan side ) of the story . 
  most of the western world was more than happy to invade iraq yet you guys would be crying , perhaps rightly so if boycotts and booing happened to innocent performers . 
  i would say the same for all the right wing masses on reddit . 
  many in the uk are skeptical of our media including the guardian as they so obviously try to only present a single side of the story . 
  the scars of decades perhaps centuries of manipulation and foreign buggery run deep in the uk . 
  as much as the russian scars in eastern europe . 
  iraq really changed the mood across many political spectrums in the uk . 
  ussr or russian empire ? 
  is n't putin a conservative , more on the right of the spectrum than the communist/left . 
  seems like his push for orthodox christianity , anti-homosexuality etc. . is more in line with the tsars than the general secretaries . 
  of course it 's all pretty much the same side of the coin as they were only interested in enriching the powerful/elite . 
  but that happens everywhere , just on different scales . 
  in the same way as the us and allied governments use snowden in russia as an example of increasing or maintaining surveillance . 
  and it 's working . 
  all you need to do is say russia and everyone will start siding with nsa/gchq and equivalents . 
  plus now you 've got everyone demanding the eu fast forward into a super state , with its own army etc. . . the best thing that could have happened to these nwo types was for russia to start breathing again so they can mould the populace with ease . 
  it 's the whole strength through unity bullshit because people see the eu as the next pan european empire . 
  the types who jerk off to napoleon and probably secretly hitler . 
  suppress dissident in the west in order to push to the east . 
  all very familiar stuff . 
  people want the eu to look like the usa or the ussr . 
  where only one culture and language is enforced on a commercial and governmental level . 
  most people actually want that kind of fascism , singular culture and order , i 've noticed how much even the most liberal of people have a hatred for diversity , if not in race then in terms of culture . 
  they want to travel thousands of miles like in america or russia and not feel uncomfortable because it all looks the same . 
  same companies . 
  same language . 
  same people . 
  same culture . 
  same shit everywhere . 
  all because differences make them feel uncomfortable and they think there 's not enough `` profit '' when things are different . 
  not easy to do business . 
  sure , americans might say how different things are , but in the grand scheme their diversity is nothing from state to state . 
  the only problem arises when it comes to choosing which culture is imposed over others and which one ( s ) get eradicated . 
  it was clear for america and russia which culture was eradicated , killed off and destroyed and which one took its place . 
  it 's quite scary really seeing how everyone here wants europe to have a singular monoculture , probably something like the shitty modern materialistic corporate empty culture of the us . 
  independent countries with some kind of common market/economic policy . 
  that 's about it . 
  definitely no centralised structure or common army . 
  nato is fine as it is but eu and nato need not be mutually exclusive . 
  now with all the issues in eastern europe i wonder how the bloc voting will go . 
  eurovision voting has only ever been political . 
  i expect the uk to at least beat russia this time round though . 
  actually maybe not even russia . 
  this subreddit is messed up . 
  it 's hard to see one side better than the other really . 
  i would say the situation in that sense is similar to syria . 
  yanokovych kills a bunch of people . 
  russia says legitimate to fight militia . 
  west throws a fit . 
  new regime kills a bunch of people . 
  west say ukraine legitimate to fight . 
  russia throws a fit . 
  although i guess at least yanokovych was democratically elected . 
  at the end of the day , all the people who cried about america and iraq . 
  all those people who talk about how much they like peace and hate war . 
  now everyone here is celebrating the deaths of others and hopes that the new regime destroys the russian speaking/russian ethnic populace . 
  just shows how quick things can change . 
  i would say the eu seems to be in a similar frenzied mindset that the us populace were in the run ups to the wars in iraq and afghanistan .
