  how is it all the eastern europeans on this sub/website are the ones the americans love the most . 
  you guys will do whatever they ask and have no history or culture or things like being against torture or fighting those who do n't look like yourselves . 
  of course western countries do dirty work , but that does n't mean eastern europe has n't been doing a whole lot of shit too , they need to start taking responsibility for the fact that they unquestionably do whatever america asks perhaps even moreso than the uk . 
  it 's in their culture too to be dickheads to everyone ( from a military and government level ) , which is why i say it 's not surprising . 
  just look at any comments anywhere . 
  the truth is most european and north american/australian etc. . youth are pretty fucked in the head , right wing pro-war cunts . 
  if it was up to these people you would be having nukes dropped on all of syria and iraq to defeat isis and war with russia . 
  how can it ? 
  just look at reddit comments to find out how , and that comes from the `` liberal educated youth '' stop being naive . 
  show an eastern european he can torture the fuck out of some brown bastard who might not even be muslim and he 'll happily say yes . 
  if he did it to his own country men he 'll do it twenty times worse to someone he hates even more . 
  there 's a reason why america chooses former eastern bloc countries to do the dirty work . 
  war on terror lol, 
  well we know that 's bullshit , all these former commie countries have the infrastructure and mentality in place to serve as americas subordinates for torture and indefinite detention . 
  it 's why eastern europe is so widely used in the wot . 
  i 've experienced 50c in the middle of the desert in dubai . 
  yeah it literally feels like you 're being cooked, 
  honestly i think greece would be better off leaving the euro and having a weak currency to help with exports and tourism . 
  in my uninformed opinion, 
  what next , you 're going to try and sail west to find a new route to india ? 
  you 're crazy , columbus . 
  i want no part in your silly schemes, 
  the prettier the tv news girls get the more you realise how desperate they are , and the more you realise how much their audience is geared to old conservative men and dudebros if i want porn i 'll just watch some real porn . 
  and if i want news i go to a real fuckin news site . 
  america was a country designed by and for rich white landowning men . 
  they meant free for those guys . 
  that has reflected american culture for centuries . 
  that 's what isis does . 
  just shoot people for crimes that do not warrant a death penalty . 
  funny how you can have police swarm a peaceful protest but where 's the massive police presence to protect the lorries . 
  you do n't need to shoot them , you just need more enforcers, 
  i know right ? 
  it 's like , what we brits do, 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  i think there 's more support for war against russia on reddit than there ever has been for any war ever , including against isis, 
  and outright communist in the us, 
  and they all bloody live in london now to be fair what the russians did in the 90s is exactly the kind of economics the people in the uk and u.s. wank over anyway, 
  one could also argue the fact that all of europe went to war with france after the revolution that europe kind of had it coming . 
  europe was fighting to save monarchy and nobility and of course no european country celebrates that more than britain, 
  only on reddit does mentioning being a vegan get more hate than the muslim who tells people they should live an islamic dietary lifestyle, 
  what an american mindset you have, 
  and yet europe is littered with monuments to men and women who are famous for the things they did to others, 
  this is exactly what the u.s does though . 
  all their corporations profit in europe , destroy local businesses but pay no tax . 
  in essence funnelling money out of a country and into the corporations home country . 
  i feel like people are complaining that the chinese are playing the game that europe invented and the usa perfected . 
  as if the architectural styles are any fucking different, 
  nothing . 
  you 'd have to start skewing the definition of europe to get somewhere . 
  usually on this sub it means excluding russia and any muslim majority countries like albania or turkey . 
  and then of course you 'll have people then say that orthodox christianity needs to be removed . 
  then the protestants and catholics will fight . 
  then soon after northern europeans will start saying they 're better than southerners and slavs . 
  tldr ; all of european history . 
  what does any of that matter if nothing came out of it . 
  protests mean nothing . 
  there are protests in russia against ukraine intervention that will also mean nothing . 
  it 's a pact between western members and everyone else . 
  the west expects everyone except themselves to adhere to them . 
  international law does n't mean anything , i would have thought all of you guys would know that by now . 
  to paraphrase the common western mindset when people talk about iraq or the countless other violations of law `` who is going to fucking stop us '', 
  this sub reddit has its own retarded idea that the eu is europe, 
  i 'm actually kind of surprised they 've got flying remote controlled drones before they created land remote controlled drones . 
  i can forsee tanks on the ground in the middle east being controlled by kids in the middle of the desert in the u.s , shooting at whatever just like in battlefield and not thinking twice about anything . 
  the romans and the greeks did pretty well with their native religion too . 
  arguably christianity led to rome 's downfall . 
  people forget the [ fourth crusade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_crusade ) . 
  the biggest own goal in history . 
  where european christian crusaders decided to go on a crusade and march gloriously to jerusalem and even take egypt on the way ... ... only to end up attacking and severely weakening the byzantine empire . 
  they must have got lost . 
  only if we can destroy christianity and islam and reinstate ancient greek and roman religion . 
  and yet , not a single european arrested . 
  which is just extremely suspicious to say the least , then again the west does n't really go after its own anyway . 
  far easier to go after people in the `` other '' countries . 
  to me it feels almost like one of the icc courts or something , where only bad guys from certain parts of the world ever face accusations or trials . 
  not that i 'm not happy that fifa 's corruption is finally being addressed , but until the west owns up to the fact that its people can be just as greedy and corrupt will anything ever change ? 
  i wonder how long it will take people to notice the pattern of the background of the individuals who have been arrested . 
  they are all mostly people from third world or `` lesser developed '' nations . 
  implying that they were the only ones who were or are corrupt is a borderline joke . 
  it 's hard to argue that anything will be resolved so long as the west is afraid to go after its own . 
  it feels like another one of them icc trials , sure the guys are probably guilty and deserve it , but you 'll never see a white dude from a developed western country in there . 
  i 'm pretty sure the country does n't even adhere to the concept of human rights anyway . 
  we already have plenty of secret trials , torture and indefinite detention . 
  not to mention all the wars and covert operations . 
  all i can think is cameron is the only person honest enough to admit britain is n't a country that 's ever given a toss about human rights . 
  i can see why people both on the right and left are annoyed about this , because they demand so much that a certain image is represented regardless of what 's actually happening . 
  the mindset was seen during the scottish independence , where the argument from the english right and left essentially boiled down to `` it will hurt our pride and image '' that 's all it ever is . 
  at least cameron is being honest . 
  even if i disagree with what he 's doing it 's not like i ever really believed the uk nor the general population cares much for human rights anyway . 
  if the eu can not stand on its own two feet why does it exist ? 
  individually each nation is under the thumb of the u.s , and collectively they are too . 
  so what 's the point of the eu ? 
  saying that , there is a shift in the western world anyway , away from environmental law , social welfare and anything that is n't batshit americano style right wing politics so . 
  i guess this is just the natural progression of a bloc of countries slowly going insane . 
  being shifted by a cabal of media conglomerates who all answer to u.s corporate policy . 
  they discovered atlantis , and it 's filled with people who ca n't follow the bloody law, 
   especially with how many people my age ( 20s ) are openly right wing . 
  it 's depressing all someone has to do is mention isis or russia and suddenly all you leftists get your war hats on and start thumping bibles and flying flags too ... it 's always easy to blame someone else for the spread of the wingnut brigade without having a look at yourselves . 
  the european/western world is just undergoing a paradigm shift to the right in general ever since the fall of communism , and it 's being sped up after a relative lull , spearheaded by the english-speaking west , by the likes of isis and a resurgent russia . 
  only / r/europe celebrates terrorism when it 's so delightfully multicultural in the way they want it to be .
