  i 'll let you all go back to posting your propaganda , because clearly you are all so much better than the people you hate for doing the exact same bullshit . 
  meanwhile . 
  people talk about soldier heroes and crusading for democracy when we do it in iraq or wherever . 
  in fact denmark also took part in the invasion of iraq not just the occupation . 
  i mean , it 's so easy to see when someone is anti-war and then just anti-russia . 
  i doubt any of these guys give a single fuck about the actions of their own country . 
  whether it 's killing children or killing giraffes , there 's always a reason when they do it . 
  it 's only bad when others do it . 
  russians . 
  africans . 
  asians . 
  otherwise * it 's different * . 
  our media and everyone on here are all gunning for war when we do it and then suddenly we turn into the hippie protesters we spend every other waking hour destroying when someone else does it . 
  in case you do n't know how to read . 
  ukraine is n't nato nor is it poland, 
  depends on the individual country . 
  i do n't necessarily blame ukrainians if they did n't exactly have nice feelings for nuclear power . 
  well ... he is the first candidate i 've ever heard of or seen . 
  so i guess he 's got my vote . 
  a vote that i apparently have . 
  because for the right wing in europe and elsewhere the jews are now seen as allies and friends , and they are probably way too afraid to say things about jews these days . 
  what with the enemy for the right now being muslims and well , everyone that is n't european/ancestry or jewish basically . 
  i do n't really understand all this talk of bravery . 
  to me it looks like when north korea keep threatening to destroy the united states . 
  ok not as stupid , but it 's up there . 
  someone needs to tell poland the nato treaty does n't work if you are the one that attacks someone else . 
  although in all likelihood nato will still jump in . 
  but i hope poland does n't do something stupid just to look tough . 
  then again , i need to remember that most of the people on reddit are fucking idiots and do n't represent anything in real life whatsoever . 
  it 's a dangerous mindset to have where you honestly ca n't even fathom the thought of the people being against your desires and wishes . 
  telling people to calm down and look the other way because it is just bs . 
  but it seems the problem here in the west is entirely that . 
  our steadfast refusal to accept even the notion that people in ukraine might not enjoy the current ukraine revolution is frankly , stupid . 
  people do n't want to admit yanokovych still has supporters in ukraine . 
  when you oust a democratically elected person you ca n't really complain when his supporters hit back . 
  no matter how bad you think he is , and i 'm not saying he was n't bad . 
  but that 's the reality of the situation . 
  there would be no ukraine crisis if that was n't the case . 
  then there are many who go even further and basically want to do to yanokovych 's supporters what they did to them . 
  but obviously it 's all about freedom and democracy when they do it . 
  you got ta sugar coat all this shit and make it easy for people in the west to swallow . 
  as long as you utter those two words , democracy and freedom , you can do whatever the hell you damn please and nobody will say a thing . 
  not on places like reddit or western media at least . 
  swear allegiance to the eu/us and chant freedom and democracy and you will have whoever you want on your side . 
  it 's been the same thing for more than a hundred years . 
  putin is by no means a clean man or decent person but it 's interesting now we are basically trying to make him look like a mad man hell bent on world conquest or the conquest of all ukraine . 
  it 's clearly more nuanced and complex than that , but that does n't make for good soundbites for the media nor does it drum up the war machine . 
  i 'm sure they have their own versions of crazy talking about how the eu is hell bent on expanding east to the russian border , with western powers formenting and assisting revolution against democratically elected leaders . 
  maybe expanding into russia itself . 
  all powered by germany , with the us pulling the strings for it to happen . 
  not really productive speech at the end of the day . 
  there 's truths to both mentalities , and historical precedence too . 
  does n't mean they are both 100 % correct . 
  there 's propaganda on all sides , this is a very good opportunity for the eu to federalise and get a armed force . 
  even all the so called liberals here are now screaming for war, 
  maybe . 
  considering argentina invaded the falklands and nato did nothing, 
  no they wo n't . 
  ukraine is n't nato . 
  russia is n't dumb enough to attack a nato country, 
  what i 've noticed about russians and westerners is the only difference is russians do n't try to hide behind a veil of generosity and kindness and secrecy . 
  we 're preaching democracy and tolerance and handing out flowers but everyone knows we 're supporting , training and arming whoever we can . 
  and frankly it 's a joke to think the cia , mi6 and whoever else are n't already in ukraine doing everything they do . 
  the only difference is we live in a society where such things must not be discussed out in the open . 
  i would say perhaps the falklands islands or gibraltar is a slightly more comparable situation although not exact . 
  everyone always bangs on about how the islanders and gibralterers ( ? ), 
  want to be british and that we should use the armed forces to protect that . 
  really it is n't that different to those guys banging on about being part of russia . 
  or perhaps northern ireland . 
  where a sizeable minority in ireland wanted to remain british so that country was created . 
  but of course . 
  let 's just say two words `` it 's different '' and talk about how we are better than everyone else . 
  ahh ... the west . 
  i think i 've heard that one before, 
  it really is a farce . 
  makes me want to vote ukip just out of principle . 
  how is it the eu and fuckers on this subreddit want to do whatever they can to expand eastwards into ukraine and romania etc. . . probably israel , georgia , armenia etc. . in the not too distant future . 
  but now all of a sudden when scotland comes up everyone starts talking about teaching them a lesson for practising democracy and splitting up one of the existing eu states . 
  sounds fucking fascist to me . 
  but i 'm not surprised most people here lean on that side . 
  the us does the same supporting regimes in the gulf which protect its naval bases over there . 
  just look at how the us and saudi arabia co-ordinated the crushing of dissent in bahrain . 
  also where the us fifth fleet is based . 
  the uk does the same in the falklands and gibraltar . 
  and everyone waves flags around and points to how they want to remain part of britain . 
  pretty much what russians are saying about crimea . 
  hello yanukovi - oh wait . 
  now you 're just a democracy loving peace man . 
  usa !, 
  you 're such an idiot . 
  it was the complete opposite . 
  this subreddit is a parody of itself ... 
  make our own island country bloc . 
  madagascar can join too !, 
  but not australia . 
  they said thousands of protesters . 
  that 's already like basically everyone, 
  it 's impossible for these international courts to gain any legitimacy when western leaders face immunity and all that 's ever done is target africans , asians and eastern europeans . 
  but i guess it 's more complex than that . 
  as long as you or your country is a close ally of one of the un permanent security members you can do whatever you want for the most part .
