  the f35s may never be ready by the looks of things, 
  it 's about two birds with one stone . 
  make france look weak and dodgy in the defence industry and prevent russia from getting a warship also i do n't know where you got the idea that the uk has a blue water navy , at the very minimum you need an aircraft carrier with planes . 
  damn it . 
  now that i ca n't have it , i only want that . 
  screw russian gas, 
  there is n't really morals behind any of this . 
  some of the biggest competitors to the french defence industry are also , naturally , the people trying the hardest to pressure france to stop this sale . 
  it accomplishes two things , one it will dirty the name of france and lessen/elimination competition elsewhere . 
  two they get to stop russia from having an advanced warships . 
  it 's called playing for your own interests , you will see the elite publicly pressure france to stop selling the ship . 
  then you will see them talk behind closed doors to others that france is an unreliable partner that should n't be trusted by pointing to what they did to russia . 
  not to mention the fact that countries like the us also will benefit if the eu stops buying russian gas and instead buys american gas , at a premium , naturally . 
  there has already been a load of articles promoting the idea of buying american gas and how the us can deliver . 
  all of this is conveniently wrapped up in an ideological package of freedom vs tyranny . 
  most europeans are now hell bent on the idea that europe has to do something , simply because that 's what they have known their entire life . 
  this idea that everyone has to unite for ukraine , because freedom . 
  much in the same way an indoctrinated muslim thinks he has to fight when someone insults islam , because that 's all they 've ever known . 
  basically what countries like us , germany , uk are doing is trying to destroy the french defense industry in terms of sales to non-western nations . 
  it 's a lucrative market , if the french can be seen to be untrustworthy then their stock will go down massively . 
  the other western countries get to hit two birds with one stone . 
  stop russia from getting a warship , whilst also eliminating competition in other countries as they abandon france and realise they ca n't deliver . 
  no surprise the us/uk/germany are doing everything they can to stop france from selling this ship , they will be raking in the money if france is no longer seen as trustworthy in places like the middle east , asia , africa etc. . as for the french , their days of being able to hold their own against us/uk/germany are long over . 
  it 's so obvious a child can see it , this is a fantastic opportunity for other western nations to kill two birds with one stone . 
  suicide bombing goes way back before this idea of muslims doing it for virgins , which itself is just a trope the media use to simplify the situation . 
  japanese kamikaze , tamil tigers etc used suicide tactics long before it became popular among jihadist movements . 
  it 's just what sheer desperation and pride does . 
  for example in the american film independence day when the president flies his jet in a suicide attack , everyone sees it as heroism , to sacrifice yourself for the greater good ... that 's how they see it . 
  how typical to use a threat to push ahead a bigger agenda . 
  they 've been doing that shit since day 1 . 
  european nationalists ( the type that are all over this subreddit ) are loving this renewed tension with russia as they will finally use it to realise a dream of a unified united states of europe nothing better than a well timed crisis to push things through . 
  i could argue the situation in northern ireland warrants a full scale invasion of ireland if i wanted to push that agenda , bring them back under london control for the reasons of safety and blah blah blah . 
  anyone can make up some bs like that to support their cause . 
  you only really see this shit from countries that have historically not really had much independence ( most eastern european countries ) or countries that have always had a dream of controlling all of europe ( france , germany , austria etc. . ), 
  except it is , because people are hell bent on the one unified union bullshit , backed by force . 
  calling catalans traitors and probably using force to stop them from independence, 
  the people in this subreddit literally talk about volunteering to fight russia . 
  they basically have the same mentality as muslims who fight for isis at this point . 
  i thought americans were crazy but this subreddit is filled with some hardcore freaks the funniest thing is they call themselves enlightened and better than everyone , which is exactly what jihadists say, 
  this subreddit is so fascist when it comes to calatonia the hypocrisy is absurd, 
  the spaniards are denying their right to democracy , it 's not treason if the other guy is a dick, 
  300 people died because they refused to start a war that could kill 3 billion . 
  i disgusts me that i have to say that , but there is a reason through all the bullshit of the cold war that the west and east did not go to direct war . 
  and there was a tonne of bullshit during the cold war ... 
  most people on this subreddit are 18-30 year olds who have an extreme militant view of what the eu should be ( basically usa 2.0 ) . 
  hell , people are even upvoted for saying that armed volunteers from this subreddit need to fight for ukraine . 
  think about that , it 's basically the white western equivalent of idiots fighting jihad for isis based on stupid ideology . 
  yet people claim to be educated and level-headed . 
  i find it really sad that even on / r/europe everyone only cares how many americans were on board, 
  i would agree but russia , they have a tonne of nukes and are pretty powerful . 
  same reason why iran did n't go all out on usa when they shot down an iranian jet . 
  i knew it , i told you every time ... 
  minister of poland space rockets experience : kerbal space program ( 1 + years ), 
  you people are as nuts as the people who feel passionate enough to go on jihad . 
  this has nothing to do with you but you want to go and fight out of dumb ideology for people who could n't give a fuck about you or your life . 
  yet this is supposedly the voice of the educated liberals in europe , what hope does humanity have ... 
  usually it 's some german it 's always a bloody german, 
  i thought outside of the uk they were the most redneck americans out of all europeans, 
  there is n't a fence really . 
  is a country at war or participating in conflict is a simple yes or no question . 
  in the case of germany 2006 the answer is yes , just like russia ( maybe ) for 2018 or whatever . 
  anything after that is a matter of semantics and individual opinion . 
  just as everyone here justifies german participation in the wot you will have russians justifying participation in ukraine . 
  fifa ca n't go around showing the message that some wars are ok and some are n't . 
  either it makes a stand and goes after russia , but also the west . 
  or it continues doing what it does and ignoring politics . 
  if it only goes after russia it basically risks losing support from every country outside of the west . 
  turning the entire wc into a political question and making people ask why they did ( and will do ) nothing when other war mongering countries hosted the world cup . 
  how fun that world cup would be , uefa vs north america vs a few asian countries . 
  not even latin america ( conmebol ) would stand for that bs . 
  except maybe colombia . 
  it would be like the olympics all over again . 
  except it would be on an official level , with fifa clearly taking a side . 
  which would be almost unprecedented in international sports . 
  at the end of the day the uk ca n't go around saying `` falklands , gibraltar , northern ireland '' etc. . wants to be british . 
  but then condemns greeks or turks in cyprus , or russians in ukraine from wanting to be part of their respective `` mother '' countries . 
  i do n't really see the situation as that different to be honest . 
  partitions and democracies can be messy , but not as messy as civil or full scale warfare ... ( see : africa , middle east ) where the un decides to ignore everything and force the status quo upon everybody . 
  participation in cia black site program support for iraq war troops in afghanistan ( war is a war , even if you call it justified or not ) various atrocities in afghanistan general war on terror tomfoolery , most of which will never see the light of day . 
  now i know what you will all say , it 's all justified , it 's all for a good cause . 
  when we do war it 's perfectly fine and russia `` is different '' . 
  but then every war has someone saying it 's justified and good , if german participation is justified , then why is n't russian participation for their wars ? 
  just like you support our wars , the russians will support theirs with the same bs . 
  that 's where you open the can of worms , fifa ca n't say it 's ok for the west to go on a rampage but not anyone else just because they only listen to western rationale for warfare . 
  poland hosted the euros despite being one of the most ardent supporters of us warfare outside of the anglosphere . 
  where do we draw the line ? 
  do we draw it at any kind of warfare , or do we simply do what most interntional organisations do and say it 's only ok when the west does it ? 
  i remember people demanding britain boycott the russian winter olympics , but these same people would throw a massive fit if someone boycotted the london olympics over continuous british warfare in the past decade . 
  you think east germany only has christians and atheists ? 
  it would be unprecedented seeing as they were fine hosting world cups in countries that were currently at war previously , or participating in war crimes , torture etc. . . 
  such as germany 2006 . 
  likewise with the olympics and the ioc , countries like usa , canada , australia , britain were also given free passes despite being involved in wars at the same time ( and everything dodgy associated with it ) . 
  at most you might get boycotts , but in terms of cancelling tournaments then that opens up a whole can of worms and will make people question the neutrality of supposed international organisations . 
  and not giving a shit about anyone except the rich . 
  not saying the west is n't like that ( and getting worse by the day ) but countries like russia , china etc. . is even worse . 
  especially because their rich simply take the money and spend it all in the west , so trickle down counts for even less ( if that 's possible ) over there than here . 
  people forget that muslims also believe in god . 
  it 's not just about christianity . 
  you want to find young people who are crazy about religion , even more than their parents or grandparents , then look no further than a local mosque . 
  so this guy was nominated by merkel which then automatically made him the central figure .
