  all in all , it will be a cold day in hell when our government starts to even think about legalisation . 
  i think we might have to wait until even the reddest of redneck states in the us start to go towards legalisation . 
  which may never happen . 
  i think there 's maybe a 5-10 % chance of seeing legalisation in the uk in my lifetime . 
  it does n't help that it seems seemingly a lot ( but not all ) of the americans that post on / r/europe tend to be the `` murica , stupid socialists , you will all be muslim tomorrow '' types . . 
  another one of those countries where everyone will complain they are not part of europe . 
  although i guess they 're christian so like cyprus they 'll be given more leeway by the usual suspects . 
  homeland of stalin - sometimes i think stalin hated russians for what they did to georgia ( just in general ) so him being a brutal dictator was sort of him getting revenge on russia . 
  that 's my crazy theory , but more likely stalin was just crazy . 
  plenty of war and conflict with its neighbours and within its borders like all caucasus countries . 
  both before and after the soviet period . 
  large portions of ( the international consensus ) of its territory is controlled by separatists , who in turn are basically controlled by the russians . 
  they speak a caucasian language and are caucasian peoples . 
  which americans think means they speak the same language family as all other european languages . 
  stupid americans !, 
  only if you want to get into a pedantic argument about electronic data and copies . 
  really though if someone took your design or something from your emails and then used it for themselves , i 'd consider it theft . 
  or even just taking all your addresses down and looking at your emails without permission . 
  information can absolutely be stolen . 
  i 'd say people are angry at both the us and their own government . 
  at least if this was russia or china or someone else , you could have a little faith that the government would be/is at least trying to stop it . 
  in the case of the us , it 's often the opposite . 
  it 's annoying to think not only is the us spying/stealing information on everyone , especially when people thought they were an allied state . 
  and that most likely they used their technology firms such as microsoft and google to their advantage for this mass theft of information . 
  but that the government themselves probably either did n't give a shit or let them do it and even assisted them . 
  there 's multiple layers of anger and it 's directed at lots of different people . 
  besides , if the us is allowed to have information about everyone and everything in this country , are we allowed to have the same about the us ? 
  i doubt it very much . 
  so that 's another thing too . 
  the relationship is obviously very lop sided . 
  i just want the government to at least try and stop the us in its mass theft of information and surveillance . 
  you might not succeed all the time , espionage happens everywhere , but for fucks sake , at least try and act like you 're a sovereign state . 
  tito 's wife gets a state funeral , but what about the * real * heroes !, 
  same . 
  czech republic is best republic !, 
  never underestimate the ability of a celebrity to win an election . 
  what 's the education like in ukraine ? 
  maybe the lawyers can eventually settle for lollygagging, 
  yeah , it really is pathetic that it had to be this for them to start getting ( at least , on the surface ) angry at the us . 
  but well , i guess it 's better than nothing . 
  still , this is all just amateur dramatics . 
  if i see real change then i 'll believe otherwise but so far there has n't been any change whatsoever . 
  just lots of hot air . 
  abit of both . 
  there 's no need to have your entire life built around the services of a single company . 
  once i started paying attention i realised just how much control google has in various segments of the market . 
  web browser . 
  mobile phone . 
  emails . 
  youtube . 
  then there 's all the integration that goes on between google , microsoft , facebook and twitter . 
  apple too . 
  but google is the worst culprit and out of all the american it companies , they are by far the ones with the largest ability to do the most espionage for the us government with the amount of data they have and the kind of spread they have . 
  just on principle i ca n't stand for that . 
  they have become too big for their own good . 
  and they know too much about too many . 
  from what i read firefox takes privacy , at least a tiny bit , more seriously . 
  at the end of the day they 're an american company too so ultimately you ca n't trust them , but i feel it 's more secure than basically having your entire life run around google . 
  monopolies are never good . 
  like i said , there 's no need to have your entire life built around the services of a single company . 
  hopefully one day the it sector in the western world moves away from the american yoke and into a more multipolar and competitive environment . 
  i think this should be a turning point in that ultimately , american it companies ca n't be trusted if they do espionage for their government . 
  it does n't matter whether they are forced to or not , that 's not my problem . 
  would you use a service from a company if you knew it was collecting data about you on behalf of china , or iran , or russia , or north korea ? 
  so why should america be seen as any different . 
  although like i said , it 'll take time to move away from the american yoke . 
  the only language america understands is money . 
  the most i can do is do my part to try and stop using american products , at least from the big companies whom i find dubious in nature . 
  same . 
  switched back to firefox after the whole nsa stuff . 
  i 'm trying to de-googlify myself . 
  microsoft too , to an extent . 
  but microsoft do n't really have much data , not nearly the extent google has . 
  but it 's the same for all countries . 
  you ca n't say it 's pointless just because certain countries have high ie usage in business . 
  it 's not like the data only counts business for certain countries and home usage for others . 
  just because the french or canadians or whatever were n't directly involved in some wars , does n't mean they still did n't help the us and others massively in other ways . 
  you really think france 's hands are completely clean ? 
  most of that is just theatre and tossing a bone to the masses whenever the politicians see fit . 
  in reality there is obviously much more collaboration and participation than you 'd think . 
  the same can be said for this , but i 'm glad most acknowledge that france will ultimately do nothing as the us is a `` major ally '' . 
  this is why stories like this are complete bs . 
  just amateur dramatics from the politicians who think they can snag some easy points by saying and doing dumb things that mean nothing . 
  that was my main point about all of this . 
  you can see when push comes to shove , when the us says jump , european nations say how high , and not just out of necessity , but because many enjoy that kind of relationship as it offers many rewards ( like gallivanting around the globe and feeling like it 's the 19th century again killing foreigners ) . 
  and i do n't think that will ever change . 
  but it 's true , look at all these conservative/right wing types . 
  how much nowadays they love america and israel , as it gives them opportunities to carry out everything they have always desired . 
  to act out in the international stage with zero repercussions . 
  part of it is racism , hatred and blood lust ( aka let 's kill some niggers/spics/gooks / towelheads blah blah blah ... the support for war increases tenfold in the modern west if it 's against those perceived as `` others '' - but nobody will ever admit it ) . 
  part of it is tagging along with the world powers ( usa ) in order to feel relevant by feeling you can still kill and do whatever you please just like the `` good old days '' ( especially true for france and britain ) . 
  and part of it is the standard idea that has never really left europe or the west in general , that somehow the western world 's goal should be to [ `` civilise other nations '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_mans_burden ) these are all ideas that the right wing/nationalist and `` christian '' governments ( and that includes ` socialist ' parties like labour ) have had or increasingly re-adopted over the past decades . 
  i 'll post what i posted in / r/worldnews . 
  i think it 's important to not fall for these political gimmicks that politicians try to do . 
  look at the bigger picture and realise this is all just a charade . 
   what are you going to do france . 
  oh right . 
  absoloutely nothing . 
  you 'll still shut down your airspace and go into full fucking `` the germans are blitzkreiging us '' panic mode if some american even hints that snowden might be within a 1000 mile radius . 
  you 'll still go on any war america tells you to now that all your politicians have been replaced with pro american subservient idiots .
