  but you also wanted someone to blame it all on evil liberals , minorities etc. . so hello alt right . 
  of course if you guys did n't have all the racism and bigotry you 'd actually be a left wing party fighting for equality and the common man and against the elite . 
  but no , for you guys the blame is laid on minorities or women or gays and you vote for parties that hate them as `` punishment '' . 
  you just ca n't get your message across without laying the hate upon large sections of society . 
  because it 's the hate that gets the votes , not the economic message . 
  that 's why the left lost during the 80s onwards because they had the economics but not the hate , and the traditional right lost because they only had the hate and not the economics . 
  you do n't need to do any of this guys . 
  just do nothing and watch as a other war starts out of nowhere for no reason, 
  unlike you , go back to mongolia !, 
  damned horse archers, 
  wow they must be really fucked up, 
  because it 's all bullshit . 
  they do n't care about bias and corruption . 
  as long as someone is blaming minorities for all their problems and talking about how gays and women are ruining the world they will vote for them . 
  that 's as far as it goes . 
  everything else is surplus to requirements . 
  there are plenty of left wing parties talking about corruption , bias and inequality . 
  they do n't get any votes . 
  yet when the far right does they do . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  you know what the difference is . 
  everyone thinks their country is too smart and then it does something stupid , and then i bet you will act smart when it does and say it was obvious from the beginning . 
  the fact that france has had it worse economically and has had terrorist attacks etc. . makes me think the french are even more ripe than anglo countries are for doing something extreme . 
  i will genuinely be surprised if france does n't elect a fucking demagogue . 
  that 's about as far as my faith goes for western civilisation . 
  that does n't change the fact that it will still probably elect some right wing nut job whose slightly less extreme , but everyone will see it as a sigh of relief from le pen . 
  `` they 're the good guys , he only wants to lock the jews up and sieze their property instead of gassing them all '', 
  says who ? 
  people are willing to abandon anything . 
  do n't underestimate anything or assume anything . 
  as far as i 'm concerned i 'm fucking expecting le pen to win and i wo n't stop thinking that until i literally see someone else winning when the results are announced . 
  the truth is france has had it even worse economically and socially ( numerous attacks ) than the uk or us so it 's hard to see how they wo n't go crazy when countries that have had it far easier have done so . 
  humans are humans . 
  the french will first blame all of their issues on minorities as it is what every fucking human society does whether you 're a tribe or a nation state . 
  it 's an inherent nature and flaw of the human brain . 
  a physical not psychological defect . 
  like others have said . 
  reasonable logic , sensibility and facts does n't work either . 
  so i guess we are shit out of luck . 
  welcome to western civilisation . 
  where good news is fake and truth is the devil . 
  because the 20th and 21st centuries are the only in europe 's history that has n't been all about serving a small extremely wealthy elite . 
  perhaps it 's a disaster that a housing estate does n't have the same architectural majesty as fucking versailles but it 's a damn sight more useful to society . 
  you all talk about how crap architecture is these days , you do n't realise all of the old stuff was built with poor people 's money for rich people who did n't need to give a shit about anyone else . 
  this goes doubly and triply so for colonial architecture . 
  pretty much , immigration from lesser off countries was basically all the majority right-wing media and populist mindset was talking about . 
  nigel farage , the leader of the brexit movement had a german wife and nobody said anything to him about it because the people/media who followed him and his ideology did n't have a problem with it . 
  because a big reason why people wanted out of the eu was because it had countries like poland in it . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with it , i voted to remain but if you told them poland was going to leave soon it would have changed a lot of people 's minds . 
  it 's ironic , but poland leaving the eu would likely increase the chance of the uk not leaving or rejoining the eu rather significantly . 
  `` ha , my bad , i 'm so stupid '' '' ... have all the dutch exterminated and flood the country '', 
  stay what way ? 
  they 're actually regressing rather than trying to keep something the way it is . 
  getting drunk on the pavement , fighting , being racist and divorcing every 5 days . 
  tell me more about this quality christian western culture that certain generations keep on telling us about . 
  they do n't represent anything . 
  especially not poland . 
  who were not even considered the west until 20-odd years ago , maybe less . 
  maybe not ever . 
  do n't need a bunch of conservative idiots who have far more in line with sharia or drunken idiocy than anything else . 
  does anyone have shots of that room during/shortly after the fall of nazi germany . 
  i do like the comparison shots between peak nazis and destroyed nazis . 
  you have to remember all the `` pretty stuff '' was built at a time where people could n't question how `` their tax money '' was being spent . 
  there was n't much of a media and certainly was n't much for people to communicate ideas with each other . 
  oh , and there also was n't any ideas of standards of living for the majority of people or any notion of rights . 
  therefore there was a lot , a massive amount of time and space to put effort into fancy crap . 
  that depends , is it really safe to go to the us as a ( statistically likely ) non white non christian asylum seeker . 
  you 're escaping a brutal life and it 's definitely going to be better but safe is n't a word i would use by any means at all . 
  you will still face a very hostile population and police action . 
  i would n't call the us safe for certain people . 
  dumb ideology already caused one chernobyl , we do n't need more idiots causing another, 
  if most of the people who died were white you can bet it would be called terrorism or it would be the fault of foreigners, 
  an intergalactic space nobleman, 
  soundbites and twitter posts are cool but they do n't make a difference , are they actually going to put consequences onto the us 's actions or are they just gon na shitpost on twitter . 
  that 's the real question . 
  history indicates that europe will do nothing . 
  the uk will probably go one step further and abandon it too , shit our media are basically begging for it . 
  at least us media is mostly against the move . 
  i agree that 's a premium paint roller , probably even used amazon prime, 
  this is bullshit , as a brit we know both ukip and brexit tories are sucking up to the donald as much as possible , also our media love him more than us media does we absolutely deserve to be thrown in with the us , leaving the eu made us even bigger lapdogs of the us i always said ukip should be called usdp also our country is heading down the road of hating renewables , it 's becoming more right wing and becoming less in favour of workers rights , human rights , consumer rights and wants to eventually abandon single payer healthcare in favour of privatisation we are being run by republican lite and a cabal of right wing , racist populist tabloids we 're at complete odds with europe, 
  luxemboirgistani seems wrong but it also seems completely correct, 
  and i 've already said it 's clear to see with becoming the party of hard brexit and taking on lots of ukip support , and being the darling of the ever more racist tabloid media that it 's clear to see the direction they are taking . 
  it is n't as obvious as perhaps the american republicans , or france 's national front but they 're still part of that same cabal of faux `` anti-globalists '' who are a bunch of rich , racist , evil cunts who use dog whistle politics to obtain votes from the working and middle classes and more importantly actively work to ensure all the blame of a nations problems lie inherently with immigrants , foreigners or national citizens who are not part of the old stock , which allows them to continue to gut the country from the inside in order to enrich themselves . 
  lol , the tories have adopted almost all of ukip 's policies and have become the party of xenophobia , hard brexit and overt racist nationalism . 
  there 's a reason why ukip are getting murdered , the racists do n't need them anywhere when they have the tories . 
  america/russia is a hotbed of white nationalism and needs to be treated in the same way saudi or pakistan is a hotbed of islamic extremism . 
  we 'll see now how france handles the fact that it basically came under a social cyber attack from russia and the us . 
  a + would read again, 
  if anyone 's paid attention to the media and the statements people say over the past decade there 's definitely been a return to the normalisation of racism and bigotry . 
  and it 's obvious to see that certain people are scapegoats for all of the countries problems regardless of their nationality . 
  it 's a phenomena that 's occurred both due to islamic extremism as well as white nationalism that gets heavily promoted by a cabal of people mostly based in the us , russia and amongst the british elite owned tabloid media and working/middle classes . 
  i meant republican as in american republicans and all the filth they bring along , definitely not in terms of anti monarchy, 
  top two comments from an irishman and a scot , take everything they say with a large grain of salt ( :, 
  i think you ' r mistaken . 
  the current tories are now the hardcore right wing back benchers that have come crawling out of the rock from the 40s and 50s . 
  they basically want to dismantle all the social and welfare progress made since the second world war and turn the uk into a neo-american republican state . 
  say goodbye to workers rights , human rights , healthcare , consumer rights or anything that does n't benefit the very rich . 
  this has all been led by a massive media campaign since the 80s but especially since 9/11 where everything has been blamed on foreigners or britons of non white descent and therefore it must all be dismantled . 
  the wealthy right wing media a knew the best way to get the socialism of the mid and late 20th century destroyed was to portray it as a system being abused by non whites and foreigners . 
  they 've always hated it , now they just have found a solid way of defeating it .
