  if protesters were ripping up statues and destroying anything american in london you do n't think the government would n't be going batshit insane in dealing with them and talking about how people need to respect democracy and all that shit . 
  how the fuck is it we 're supposed to respect democracy and the right of protest if one day they support violent hooligans and call for elected governments to resign the next they condemn even peaceful protests in their own country and start talking about how they do n't respect democracy . 
  i was n't aware that 's how european elections worked ( although i did know it was n't fptp ) , cheers yeah , i live in a constituency where anyone outside of labour/conservative does n't have a chance in hell in national elections . 
  but i ca n't bring myself to ever vote for the two out of strategic reasons . 
  i might do it once or twice i guess , my current mp is a conservative who i really do n't like that much . . 
  probably vote for one of those crazy green or pirate parties i 'm done voting for the mainstream big three parties in the uk . 
  and for me the voting centre is about a few ~ ~ yards ~ ~ metres down the road so i might as well vote, 
  if you were like me and had no idea what euromaidan meant , [ i found this article which seems pretty good at explaining it . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/ukraines-euromaidan-whats-in-a-name/2013/12/02/707851c2-5b31-11e3-801f-1f90bf692c9b_story.html ), 
  that was my argument , but swedes were unimpressed and insisted they spell like yanks . 
  oh i know about / r/sweden , i got into a fight with what seemed the entire nation about the spelling of humor . 
  downvotes were to be had . 
  ` humor ' was missing from everyone . 
  i 've always found kaliningrad interesting from a historical perspective . 
  used to be a proper german city and everything , then it was taken over , germans were deported and now its fully russian . 
  all in the span of a few years . 
  it 's incredible , really . 
  i bet most of them are n't even russian . 
  just a bunch of obnoxious yanks/brits/australian tourists or immigrants like most country subreddits where english is n't a major language, 
  i 'm sceptical about all of this . 
  obviously on reddit there will be a massive pro west/pro eu bias but just remember how reddit treats protesters in the west . 
  they ( and the media ) treat them like un democratic scum who need to get a job and always side with the police . 
  but now all of a sudden protesters are freedom fighters , fighting for democracy . 
  1 ) i 'm assuming the eu is making a big deal about canadian seal hunting , or japan whaling , or any other similar issues 2 ) yet you never hear anything about spanish bull fighting . 
  i do n't know how true it is , but it sounds like typical international politics so i 'll assume it 's true . 
  even on reddit there 's a shitstorm about japan whaling , but nobody says shit about scandinavian whaling . 
  i wonder why . 
   i trust in people 's intelligence to be able to distinguish between parodies and truthful publications . 
  in this case it 's more than obvious . 
  this thread has proved you wrong . 
  i 'm definitely not a fan of ukip but i also feel they are unfairly stigmatised as a racist party , they just want out of the eu . 
  they 're not the bnp ... that 's the edl . 
  bloody acronyms . 
  edit : these are just my rambling opinions you may or may not agree with them potential yes , but there are some like myself that are constantly vigilant about the eu 's ever lasting ambition to expand eastwards into poorer regions for political rather than economic reasons . 
  it seems most here want the eu to be some kind of great federation ( mostly people from germany , france and former ussr/eastern bloc ) . 
  honestly , that 's not what i want nor do i imagine many others . 
  that does n't make us anti-eu but it certainly pushes us there ... at this point in time it has nothing to do with capitalism or economics but politics . 
  depending on whether you are pro western or pro russian . 
  ukraine should just be pro ukraine . 
  it 's a false sense of belief that the western sphere of influence = more sovereignty . 
  look at how many east european ( although britain is the worst offender in all of this ) countries are just a bitch to the us , having their soldiers killed everywhere for american and israeli interests . 
  look how european countries treat snowden and go mental and shut down airspace for the us . 
  it is n't much better than russia , only different names and a pretence of freedom . 
  look at how the us basically floods european markets with its crap like mcdonalds and how many of its companies suck countries dry and pay zero tax and only pay minimum wage . 
  it is n't much different . 
  where are the sanctions for the police actions during g20 protests and occupy protests ( and others ) in the west/eu ? 
  i hate this hypocritical all guns blazing mentality there is with sanctions these days . 
  i do n't condone all this bs police mentality but ... 
  ... if this was an article about a protest in the west no doubt all the comments in the media and on reddit would be `` the protesters were violent , the police deserved to beat them up '' or `` the stupid neckbeards deserved it '' or `` fuck them , some people do it on purpose because they want a fight '' it 's always interesting looking at the mentality and reaction to people when it comes to dealing with protests depending on the part of the world . 
  we are no better at dealing with protests save for perhaps better/more subtle propaganda and an army of idiots online and offline who will come to insult protesters at every opportunity . 
  what about the whole transnistria issue ? 
   they are younger and economically more active than the average british workforce ; they also contribute to uk national revenues far in excess of the social benefits they use , '' their communique said . 
  at the expense of the `` native '' young people and workforce . 
  i see too many jobs that should in theory be filled by teenagers and young adults instead filled by older people from elsewhere . 
  i do n't necessarily blame the employers for hiring more experienced older people but really those low skill/low paying jobs like for example retail and hospitality should be for younger folk who want to start getting basic jobs . 
  i think that 's otherwise unfair and ends up screwing the younger generation here . . 
  but then i guess that 's the cut throat capitalist/market oriented mindset why hire a teenager studying his a levels when you have a 35 year old immigrant with two engineering degrees and an expert in plumbing that for some reason is fine with working for minimum wage ... 
   romania and bulgaria were a necessity in order to enclose the balkans and prevent further russian influence from seeping in . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  the eu is expanding not for economic gain but for shitty politics and international strategy like `` containing russia '' . 
  this is just some shitty political game for countries like germany and for institutions such as nato . 
  expansion into eastern europe was done for political reasons not economic reasons , which is not what the eu should be about . 
   speaking at an eu meeting in lithuania , mr barroso said the era of `` limited sovereignty was over in europe '' . 
  because nothing says sovereign nation like shutting down your entire airspace for the us because of snowden and assisting them directly and indirectly in multiple wars , conflicts , political dick waving and siding with the us on almost every issue ever . 
  the eu is still a bitch to the us . 
  and the smaller countries in the eu are merely at mercy of the larger countries like germany . 
  and the only reason it wants to expand east so much is precisely because of russia and trying to gobble up eastern europe to reduce russian influence . 
  at the expense of everyone else because now countries like the uk just flooded with immigrants from poorer eastern bloc nations . 
  this expansionist mentality is wrong for the eu . 
  it should have never let in so many poorer countries in the first place . 
  i do n't care if russia increases influence in eastern europe ... 
  i love how they know what kamchatka is but not ukraine . 
  a bloody frozen wasteland in pacific siberia compared to one of the largest and most populous countries in europe, 
  you mean mongolia, 
  i 'm not really familiar with the issue in transnistria . 
  is it basically a breakaway ethnic region that is predominantly russian/ukranian and so does n't want to be part of moldova ? 
  can anyone else find the irony of russians being part of a breakaway ethnic region . 
  honestly it 's a shitty choice either way . 
  either go with russia or go with the spineless war mongering israeli/american bitchlord eu . 
  i 'm fairly pro eu myself but for fucks sake it has zero backbone and it might as well just be an extension of the us . 
  of course in the uk the choices are only closer ties to the eu or even closer ties to the america and more wars if the far right anti-eu/conservatives got their way . 
  so it 's a shitty choice too , but still one where the eu ends up looking better than the alternative . 
  i do n't really know what to think , but i imagine for eastern europe sending soldiers all over muslim countries fighting for america/israel and doing whatever they say is still better than being under the russian yoke . 
  plus they tend to have fairly racist populations so they probably love the us and its desire to constantly fight those deemed as others . 
  this is some of the funniest shit i 've ever seen ... 
  i ca n't stop laughing, 
  you on the other hand , three years . 
  happy cake day !, 
  may no bulgarian cops ruin the occasion, 
  are you really from belarus ? 
  is it really like some kind of european north korea like everyone says ? 
  illegal in every way . 
  the government even reclassified it from class c to class b ( which brings more theoretical punishment ) . 
  the police do n't seem to treat it as that much priority but the `` war on drugs '' is still prevalent across the nation . 
  most mainstream media apart from perhaps the guardian are extremely anti-drugs/cannabis ( and the bbc simply parrots whatever the government says ) . 
  none of the mainstream parties are even close to entertaining the idea of even decriminalising cannabis let alone legalisation . 
  numerous scientists , medical experts and even police/law enforcement types have spoken out against the war on drugs ( and cannabis specifically ) but have fallen on deaf ears . 
  it 's hard to tell with the public . 
  but the mum/dad/tabloid readers hold the only vocal voice anyway . 
  nobody listens to anyone else .
