  i ca n't see how boots on the ground vs is will work when the west is still ideologically opposed to the syrian government . 
  and probably the current iraqi government too ( shia dominated and pro-iran ) . 
  unless the west will use this attack as justification for a full invasion of all of syria . 
  which is impossible due to russian support of assad ( otherwise syria would have been invaded 10 years ago ) . 
  now both russia and france have suffered major terrorist attacks by is or is affliates , if this does n't bring about some kind of shared goal then nothing will . 
  but i feel the west is n't that concerned about is . 
  neither is russia . 
  both parties are willing to tolerate occasional terrorist attacks rather than give up the broader goal of control and spheres of influence within the middle east . 
  russia wants to keep syria at all costs as its remaining holdout . 
  the west wants to expand into syria and solidify its base in the gulf arab region . 
  both of these take priority over defeating is . 
  if you ask this sub it 's not just the muslims who are to blame but all of multiculturalism as a whole and anyone who is not a `` native european '' is to be blamed for the `` downfall of society '' . 
  never let a good healthy terrorist attack go to waste by not using it to spread white supremacist/nazi ideology . 
  well enjoy endless terrorist attacks . 
  you ca n't expect a strategy of `` lets fuck up every country in the middle east and turn them into terrorist havens '' to not have blowback . 
  but of course , you want the blowback right ? 
  so you can go in there again and kill more people . 
  like i said , endless warfare . 
  it 's what people on the right both in the christian and muslim world have always wanted . 
  at the end of the day the western policy in the middle east . 
  invading and destabilising iraq . 
  trying to oust the assad government and destabilising syria . 
  destabilising libya . 
  supporting gulf arab states and countries like pakistan , and numerous islamic terrorist groups of its own ... is bound to have blowback . 
  the fact that there is no leader of a major western nation or even news media ready to criticise policy in the middle east shows just how far the west has to go , and just how many more terrorist attacks will occur . 
  syria and iraq have been destroyed . 
  libya is a shambles . 
  afghanistan is a heroin infested wasteland . 
  they want to destroy iran ( sorry `` introduce democracy '' ) which will only increase the problem . 
  nation by nation the middle east is being systematically destroyed or is being lined up to be destroyed . 
  and what is all of this for ? 
  to protect oil interests in the gulf arab states , to protect the petrodollar and to protect israel ? 
  is all of this worth it ? 
  is gets destroyed . 
  then what ? 
  the west goes back to doing whatever israel and the gulf arab states ask them to do , and continues to cause havoc in the middle east in order to stem russian and iranian influence . 
  a new is rises and terrorist attacks happen again . 
  it 's endless warfare . 
  akin to golan heights ? 
  which is basically israeli territory ? 
  the russians are n't going to trust the un . 
  most people in the west seem to hate the un nowadays too because the un does n't let them do whatever they want either . 
  just look at the disdain the americans have for the un because it dares to criticise us foreign policy . 
  until the major players in this proxy conflict can resolve their issues is is n't going anywhere . 
  and i ca n't see where this resolution is coming from . 
  both the left and the right have an interest in painting this as a problem that is n't just islam . 
  the left because it generally takes a pro islam stance . 
  the right because now they get to hate on everyone they 've always hated and use islam as a front . 
  so when people start yelling about multiculturalism being a failure remember they 're not just talking about islam , and they 're not doing it to look pc or to not offend muslims . 
  the reason is because both the west or russia/iran ca n't come to an agreement on how to deal with is and what the aftermath of a post is era would be like . 
  does the territory go back to assad ? 
  does it go to rebels ? 
  is is a pivot point of a much larger overall conflict between the west/russia and between the sunni/shia . 
  there 's no easy solution of just invading is . 
  not going to happen unless russia gets assurance that former is territory is n't going to fall into the hands of the syrian rebels . 
  the west will refuse to allow assad or any pro russian government to takeover . 
  multiculturalism has been hijacked by the far right as a word that means `` muslims '' but also allows them to say how they hate everyone who is n't a white christian and not just islamic extremists . 
  when an islamic terrorist attack happens people use it to talk about how everything is a failure , ranging from blacks ( regardless of religion ) to asians ( regardless of religion ) or anyone really . 
  and do you know who ends up getting attacked the most in the west any time a terrorist attack occurs by muslims ? 
  people are unable to separate multiculturalism from islamic ideology because the right wing have successfully managed to tell the west that unless you 're a white christian you might as well just be another islamic terrorist . 
  people use islamic terrorism as an easy excuse to say they hate everyone that is n't a white christian . 
  because everyone knows unless you 're a white christian you 're a muslim terrorist . 
  i doubt anybody on this sub is in any rational state of mind to start thinking about civil liberties . 
  so what chance does france have ? 
  there 's no way this is n't going to be exploited to its fullest extent and there will be 0 opposition . 
  at the same time this government is slashing public spending in areas that affect most of the poor and middle class and telling people they need to make sacrifices for the sake of `` balancing the budget '' now without getting into the argument of whether a nation state needs to have a balanced budget or generate more tax than revenue , if you are going to push this bullshit small government cut spending fiscal conservative crap on us , at least you could make it not be completely obvious that you 're only interested in this ideology when it comes to the poor and middle classes . 
  they 've taken a page right out of the us governments ideological notebook . 
  tell the masses you 're going to cut spending , cut taxes and everyone will have more money . 
  in reality for most people effective tax rates go up , spending goes up ... and you do n't see any of it . 
  to be honest i feel like russia is more like the second mongol empire, 
  screw flanders, 
  i always wished there was some part of the roman empire that refused to die and was n't taken over by barbarians/christians/muslims . 
  although ultimately the christians/muslims would have ganged up them because polytheism . 
  so any long-term survivability of such a state during the crazy days would be limited , if you 're surrounded by cunts . 
  let 's look at the history of the symbol for 8 so we can settle this once and for all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/8_%28number%29#glyph looks like 8 started off as \u2514 \u2510 and evolved to 8 . 
  so it seems that the germans ( and more importantly , myself ) are doing it correct from a historical standpoint . 
  and everyone knows germans and history go very well . 
  case closed . 
  my guess is it has to do with [ climate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/green_spain ) . 
  i was honestly expecting this thread to be full of angry hillbillies cursing at everyone , then i realised americans/canadians/aussies do n't visit this place much . 
  you guys ( / r/europe ) are pretty intolerant but i guess you still have some ounce of humanity left for people with different dietary lifestyles . 
  i 'm just so used to seeing reddit constantly bitch about anyone that does n't follow the designated `` burly western white man '' diet of cows , chicken and pork ( but no other animals , they are barbaric ), 
  europe is still shit scared of appearing too leftist , less it starts seeing unscheduled cia visits, 
  they are indeed very fluffy , which means good, 
  oh god what have i done , i hope they 're nice to me, 
  looks like montpellier had much ... toulouse . 
  this is my second pun in a row on this sub , i might actually get banned . 
  they turk yer job . 
  i 'll be leaving this thread/subreddit now . 
  the muslim world exacerbates the problem more than india due to the fact that a rich muslim guy can have multiple wives , and i 've read stories about women rather being 1/4 of a rich mans wive rather than 1/1 of a poor mans . 
  not that women do n't gold dig in the west either but outside of mormon religion you do n't see rich men taking all the women . 
  he 's relevant in the way that a lot of people want to see him on trial for war crimes . 
  but of course i 'm pretty sure the uk/us would start threatening to go nuclear if anyone ever made a serious attempt at that . 
  and you 'll also see the nationalist rats come out of the corner and stop it at any attempt even if they themselves do n't like bush/blair as they see it as a slight to the entire nations prestige ; to essentially be treated like an african nation and be held accountable for actions . . 
  a lot of people say `` iraq is barbaric , the germans and japanese were fine with an occupation '' without realising the allies did a massive amount to retain the old nazi/imperial structure , especially in west germany . 
  well they certainly threw out the rulebook in iraq and went for total revolution , and yeah it shows . 
  no surprise nobody here cares , unless it was a coalition of single issue parties dedicated to removing all immigrants everywhere . 
  fusion and solar ( technically fusion ... ) is pretty much the way forward . 
  solar could have the advantage over fusion by allowing electricity production to be local when combined with advanced storage technologies ( batteries ) .
