  maybe only the nice people travel/immigrate ? 
  the 0100 years war, 
  you have n't been reading the comments on / r/europe people are acting like switzerland is a finished nation, 
  he 's just saying switzerland wo n't turn into zimbabwe like many people are implying/threatening it will hurt them a little but it wo n't destroy them . 
  implying the fuckers would ever do anything about the banks and tax evasion do n't hold your breath on that . 
   it 's better to have the smartest and brightest lead the country more like richest and slimiest . 
  unless you count being good with words and social interaction as smart ( like some fucking yank would say ) then these people are not bright or smart . 
  switzerland can still make agreements with individual countries . 
  you know , like what america or any other non eu member does, 
  i 'm sorry but you are a fucking tool . 
  you think all trade will cease ? 
  maybe laws will be rewritten and things become slightly difficult but i doubt they will be isolated . 
  it probably would n't hurt that much . 
  they have a healthy economy regardless . 
  unless the eu goes further and places sanctions which it wo n't, 
  why would the economy tank . 
  it 's not like france is germany will stop trade or business . 
  just it will be slightly more difficult, 
  we would end up fighting all of nato . 
  there is no scope for dissent in these nations . 
  we only export dissent ... 
  norway seem to be doing fine . 
  it 's not like there will be blockades and sanctions . 
  there wi still be economic co operation, 
  nonsense . 
  nowadays on reddit people see outrage over this as `` circlejerking '' . 
  and it seems the common american mindset is that `` everyone does it '' and basically gets angry if someone dares call out google or ms or any of their countries corporations on their bs because `` everyone does it '', 
  that 's bs . 
  google are lying their faces off, 
  not many times i say this , but go france . 
  we all know that all countries spy on each other . 
  but that does n't mean when they are caught they ca n't be punished . 
  i see no reason why google or microsoft feel they are immune when they are caught operating massive espionage networks for the benefit of american government and american commercial interests . 
  if you want to operate a business in a country surely you have to abide by their laws ? 
  but what the us does is basically twist the arms either via military or economic force into countries not doing so . 
  that 's where they get their growth . 
  `` opening up markets to american businesses '' p.s : so is that it ? 
  / r/europe ? 
  this shit now gets auto downvoted as soon as it 's submitted . 
  angry yanks or fascist europeans ? 
  take your pick . 
  well as far as i 'm concerned on / r/europe there has been general hostility towards scottish and catalan independence . 
  more so catalan independence . 
  where top comments are often `` protesters must respect rule of law '' and general `` law is law , respect police '' comments whenever the spanish government does something stupid or undemocratic . 
  funny that , because over in ukraine . 
  everyone is saying the complete opposite . 
  even the banner of / r/europe is basically the banner of the protest movement . 
  says it all mate . 
  this place has a real fascist/authoritarian character to it , it 's just dressed up in all these common words of freedom and democracy borrowed from the american mindset . 
  we all know how many countries in western europe or north america deals with dissent over here . 
  most of the time you talk about how people do n't want further expansion into the east you just get downvoted and censored , people just ca n't accept that as a possible viewpoint . 
  or if you point out the hypocrisy of demanding governments/police forces lie down and get rolled over in another country , when you then say the complete opposite in your own country . 
  funny how the eu is doing all it can to get ukraine and ever expand eastwards but as soon as it comes to including possibly newly independent states from western europe people start making threats and start getting cold feet . 
  even the mentality on / r/europe seems to be against including the likes of scotland or catalonia as `` punishment '' or whatever . 
  even the media and government here in britain talk about how an independent scotland should n't be allowed into the eu . 
  so much for freedom and democracy and all that , right ? 
  i told you . 
  time and time again we have the habit of demanding other governments and people do what we would never do ourselves . 
  and most people acknowledge it but then basically say it is their right to do so , just because it is . 
  or because it 's `` different '', 
  britain is extremely pissed off at further and further expansion into eastern europe , people are becoming dissullisioned at what was the economic union turning into its own federal republic . 
  i think people would vote ukip and gtfo of the eu rather than play on american or franco-german interests of expanding into eastern europe . 
  yeah i am so surprised to see this . 
  on / r/europe of all subreddits . 
  the wealth inequality around the world is disturbing . 
  it 's even worse than the 19th century/early 20th century because now the rich can offload their wealth into safe havens a million times easier than in the old days . 
  russia , britain , usa ... pretty much every country is regressing back into the 19th century . 
  the revolutions that happened will repeat if governments do not reform ... britain largely avoided it as it reformed . 
  russia did n't and well ... you know what happened . 
  you guys are already pretty much a giant floating platform full of every species and ... plant, 
  stop expanding into eastern europe for christs sake . 
  sort out the countries that need sorting out instead of creating quasi cold war conflicts with russia and all that nonsense . 
  the eu is trying too hard to expand , i wo n't be surprised anymore if the likes of israel , georgia , armenia , kazakhstan etc finds its way into the eu, 
  fires ... in norway ? 
  well now i 've heard everything . 
  you know what would happen , stop lying . 
  this entire subreddit , our government and police are grade a hypocrites . 
  you can not sit there and demand something to someone else that you yourself would never do . 
  end of story . 
  i 'm sick of seeing our people , media and government slander and react harshly to protest and criticism and also do all kinds of crazy shit re snowden then turn aound and demand others act better . 
  screams of do as i say , not as i do . 
  all of which is just backed by threats of sanctions and military force . 
  the world has n't progressed beyond the 19th century , people just pretend it has . 
  let me see you talk about revolution when you see protests/riots like that in the uk . 
  oh no , you wo n't . 
  you will be begging the police to come and deal with dissidents and start talking about `` the rule of law '' and how `` the police need to maintain order '' as would the media and everyone else . 
  you are eager to see other governments and police forces surrender themselves to the gallows in other countries , but you are likely a staunch nationalist and just as bad as the people you condemn when it happens at home . 
  suddenly you will start talking about democracy and peace . 
  that 's why everyone here is a cunt when it comes to ukraine . 
  if you always hate protests and riots in the uk what gives you the right to talk about how much you love it in other countries . 
  maybe we should look at ourselves before we start asking for other governments to remove themselves and immediately surrender to a ` revolution ' . 
  because we sure as fuck would n't do that . 
  i can imagine britain , france , germany , italy , spain , usa , canada etc. . doing a hundred times more than the current ukranian gov is doing if it was faced with similar scale riots and protests . 
  are you guys not paying attention to the stuff police forces are buying nowadays . 
  except this time all the media will be firmly on the side of the police/government and nobody would dare utter the word revolution . 
  and / r/europe would be filled with bitches crying and talking about how the police needs to kill as many of them as possible . 
  keep it an economical rather than political union . 
  do n't be desperate to expand into mexico just because you want to piss off america . 
  we need an overhaul of food regulation . 
  the horsemeat scandal , shit like this and olive oil .
