  i do n't think any of these guys give any serious fucks about economics or immigration etc. . for them it 's more than that . 
  you imagine all these guys . 
  their predecessors were all these conquerors and war time heroes etc. . they wake up every day wishing they could get even 10 % of the glory their predecessors got . 
  the only people the west truly ever immortalise are the war/expansionist type peoples . 
  expansion is in their minds as expansionism is basically the fabric of the west . 
  but also countries like russia too . 
  they say it 's like the north korea of europe, 
  dude you 're already part of nato and eu . 
  ukraine was n't . 
  that 's why the russians did what they did in the first place . 
  if ukraine was already in the eu/nato then russia would never bother doing even .1 % of what they are doing in crimea etc. . at the moment . 
  it 's pretty much inevitable at this point that ukraine will be fast tracked into nato/eu . 
  i 'd wager the eu will be quicker to grant ukraine into the eu than a potentially independent scotland , for which countries like spain will probably block until they too finally lose catalonia and they give up ( or start a war ) . 
  shows the true mentality of the people that control the eu . 
  expansion eastwards whilst its discipline and smacking everyone into order in the west . 
  sounds familiar . 
  even self defence forces . 
  or pet bears of putin . 
  or anything . 
  nato would step in . 
  russia already knows it has lost any former soviet country that defected to nato/eu . 
  they would n't ever bother starting ww3 by touching an eu/nato country . 
  the fact is ukraine is n't eu or nato . 
  it 's why russia felt they could do what they are doing already . 
  the fearmongering is rather out of hand really . 
  ok then . 
  where was the referendum for all the eu treaties . 
  lisbon treaty etc. 
  the eu can be just as undemocratic really . 
  it threatens potential new states like scotland and catalonia etc too . 
  oh and if you want to talk about america . 
  tell me exactly how legal it is for a state to vote to secede ? 
  because the us explicitly states that no state can ever even vote to leave , ever . 
  granted that russia is hypocritical too as it does n't allow secession either . 
  making the russians look as crazy as possible . 
  how cunning indeed, 
  i just assumed sweden was part of nato anyway . 
  it 's part of the eu right ? 
  the two are basically interchangeable at this point . 
  i 'd say eu + nato + north america + aus/nz are basically a singular bloc and probably will be for a significant amount of time . 
  most countries certainly go to whatever war the us says , only a few here and there decide to not follow each other around to whatever next war is made up for freedom and democracy . 
  or to dare take a different issue on things like snowden/surveillance or sanctions etc. . or speaking out against israel , or anything really . 
  it 's long beyond the point where you expect the usual suspects to not say anything except toe the line of the us . 
  there are far more instances of acting as a singular entity dominated by the us than there is any kind of dissident . 
  it 's just a pointless instance of bureaucracy for sweden to join nato as the reality of the situation is pretty much that already anyway . 
  i 'd imagine they will be as successful as the anti-war protests in the west . 
  although at least this time suddenly our media and government will sympathise with the peaceniks rather than villify them to the extreme . 
  not to mention all the redditors/social media . 
  i wonder if we will see all the `` fucking hippies '' and `` fucking appeasement '' comments now ? 
  i wonder if it was delivered by drone, 
  much cheaper than most intercity rail services in the uk . 
  the uk is investing in high speed rail but has n't yet thought of how most people will be able to afford , or more likely put up with what will no doubt be ridiculously expensive tickets . 
  from a technology standpoint high speed rail is cool , you could live in birmingham and commute to central london theoretically ( and vice versa ) but i doubt there will be many takers so it does n't really make much economical sense . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not black . 
  or marxist . 
  or russian . 
  you sound like a typical yank bastard though . 
  easy how quickly a crisis can achieve so many goals in such a short amount of time . 
  now nobody is daring to question the security apparatus . 
  even on this subreddit , people have quickly switched and now will react with anger if anyone questions the apparatus . 
  because russia !, 
  instead everywhere people are demanding pan-european military forces , pre-emptive strikes on russia , european federalisation to go full steam ahead . 
  us forces can now ratchet up their presence in europe . 
  no doubt further laws will be passed under the guise of national security and to protect everyone from russia who will no doubt be sending thousands of tanks across the plains . 
  all of which will of course be done without a single vote from any european citizen because apparently it does n't need to have one . 
  it 's a crisis , do n't you see !, 
  but this is all done because we are the good guys . 
  it 's all about freedom and democracy . 
  except when they do the exact same thing , then it 's tyranny . 
  it 's sad that it seems the best alternative is that crap . 
  why does it always seem like the shittiest , most `` fuck you '' options are the ones everyone always turns to . 
  it feels like some people just want to deliberately fuck with others out of an inherent sociopathy . 
  considering most of the people making these delusions come from entitled upper crust backgrounds i 'm not surprised . 
  ** united kingdom ( or just england , mostly ) ** none of the * mainstream * parties are anti-eu . 
  the most being the conservative party . 
  they 've never really been pro-eu , especially regarding issues such as economic equality and human rights/civil liberties to which the eu seems to get in the way of them realising their dickensian/american style economic society . 
  but they ca n't be described as anti-eu really . 
  but many of their voters are slowly defecting to ... ukip , the ` new ' party that 's making waves in the uk . 
  they are probably the biggest outright anti-eu party in europe that 's got any kind of mainstream attraction . 
  they run on the main platform of anti-immigration . 
  many label them as racists and they attract a fair amount of whackos but for the most part i see them as just anti-eu rather than any kind of racist party . 
  the main issue is immigration , especially from eastern european countries ( and for the uk , eastern europe is from the old borders of the iron curtain ) . 
  as most of you know from the furor surrounding romania and bulgaria being allowed into the free movement thing . 
  now with the whole ukraine thing i 'd imagine that 's not going to make people any more happy . 
  some people like myself are both wary of organisations like the eu ( far too fucking eager to expand eastwards and to ruffle the feathers of the russkies for no apparent gain and i also think uk needs to slightly curb immigration ) but also wary of people that want out of the eu ( we will probably look as bad as america in terms of economic equality , human rights etc. 
  without the protections of the eu ) . 
  tldr ; britain is stuck between two shitty empires ( america and eu ) that are also mostly on the same side of the coin anyway as long as it involves pissing of russians and bombing muslims . 
  i tend to still lean towards pro-eu but i can see now that the eu seems to be more interested in expansion and playing geopolitics rather than any kind of sound economic union . 
  now people are talking about fast forwarding federalisation of europe and a european military . 
  no thanks . 
  you 've entirely missed the point i was making with the giraffes . 
  i just used it as another example of you guys in denmark , or many people in general from western europe , north america and australia being hypocrites whilst pretending to be self-righteous . 
  it 's always talk about environment and people make constant racist remarks to africans or chinese or japanese about killing animals etc. . and then suddenly shit like this happens , or murdering sharks in australia and then suddenly there 's excuses and it 's all good . 
  like i said . 
  * it 's different when we do it * should just be the tagline for this subreddit . 
  it 's clear these people have no real convictions whether it is about war or environment or anything else , it 's all just politics . 
  so why pretend like all of this should be taken seriously . 
  because i 've certainly stopped giving a fuck . 
  of course , it 's always trolling on this subreddit when someone dares to point out hypocrisy or goes against the grain .
