  because if not you are a liar plain and simple . 
  even peaceful protests get villified and completely neutralised . 
  imagine if someone from afghanistan or iraq started doing some shit in london . 
  it would be universally condemned by all of you guys and everyone would stand behind the ioc and talk about politics being left out . 
  now the situation favours your ideals so you say the opposite . 
  that 's all i 'm gon na say ... or people would just use the classic line that `` it 's different '', 
   again , that you 're condemning protests that disperse after 3 days to an almost revolution that has lasted 3 months shows a startling lack of perspective . 
  this is not a bunch of youths stealing plasmas in london ; some western regions are on the verge of declaring independence . 
  you simply can not compare the two . 
  i saw the posts and reaction at the beginning of this . 
  as soon as people caught wind of `` pro eu '' they demanded that ukraines government reverse their position and basically completely back down . 
  do n't say this is different , because people have been singing the same tune from day 1 . 
  things have escalated but the reaction has been consistent from the beginning . 
  i 'm not saying i support what the ukranian government is doing , i 'm just aware enough to see the people that shout freedom and war for other protesters are the same ones that shout stand down immediately and get back to work when it happens here . 
  we do n't listen to our own protesters , what right do we have to demand others do ? 
  and you know we fucking do n't . 
  we have an entire system set up to systematically destroy any protest on all fronts and have a media saturation with viewpoints against them , and nip it in the bud . 
  how the fuck am i supposed to take that shit seriously ? 
  i do n't care if it 's `` different '' ... maybe for them they can say it 's `` different '' too . 
  anyone can say shit like that . 
  you will find many , many redditors from the us , britain whatever that will justify many acts of extreme ( historical ) violence from the government/military either against citizens or foreigners and bring up entire arguments of why it was justified . 
  these same people will then turn around and start talking shit about the ukrainian government . 
  there is always seemingly a justification for our actions but never for them , for them we immediately start talking about support and conflict . 
  so you tell me how much we 've progressed from the 19th century because it sure as hell looks familiar . 
  it 's too bad an american or brit can justify some bullshit and get plenty of love and upvotes etc. . but assuming a similar asshole on the side of the ukrainian government comes here they will just get abuse . 
  and that is basically how everything works . 
  i was happy to see the libyan revolution amongst others , initially the same with syria . 
  the past year or so i feel like i 'm beginning to open my eyes and see what 's really going on . 
  no doubt many members will defect against yanukovich although i am surprised at the ( supposed ) unity of berkut etc. . so i do n't know how the ukranian military would really react . 
  looks like a 21st century version of what people with colonial ambitions would say about why their government should go colonise parts of africa or asia . 
  the white mans burden redux ... you do n't sound like someone talking about freedom , you just dressed up the same bullshit you fought against using american soundbites of freedom and democracy . 
  we see police brutality all over the eu , in fact the world . 
  but we pick and choose sides . 
  the us will defend its gulf states such as bahrain and qatar , as will europe ( just look at formula one , no problem going to bahrain amidst all the bloodshed but you have people now talking about the olympics etc. . ) surely you have to be aware of the manipulation that is going on ? 
  we sit back and condemn protesters or rioters all the time in our own countries but then we call for policemen to be killed and for governments to immediately resign at the hint of a protest elsewhere . 
  when the day comes that a government in the uk or elsewhere resigns because of protests is the day i will say we are allowed to tell others to do so . 
  millions protesting against wars , student issues , the financial crisis etc. . has shown not only do we not give a shit ourselves about protests . 
  our media actively work against them in the complete opposite way that they are on protests elsewhere in countries that are deemed to have unfriendly governments . 
  even on this subreddit itself , everyone defends the spanish government for all the draconian shit they do re : catalonian independence . 
  there is no peace and democracy . 
  only hypocrisy . 
   harmonization american english ? 
  will not sign  :(, 
  lw\u00f3w , such polan . . 
  they 'll get to bomb and kill as many muslims or africans as they want once they join the eu/nato and go off gallavanting on whatever next war is made up , just like other former soviet states in europe . 
  no surprise the right now love the us/uk/eu ; pro racist , anti poor , pro corporate ... the hallmarks of the modern right wing movement . 
  sad state of affairs we have become . 
  probably see israeli and american flags soon from the protesters . 
  it used to be the opposite but that 's the direction they go these days . 
  more like nuclear weapons would hit every major city on all sides before any soldier gets to turn the key on his tank or fighter jet, 
  most people do n't want to see america start ww3 over this . 
  people on / r/europe just get very emotional and turn into warmongering americans when it comes to ukraine for some reason and start begging for military conquest . 
  it 's funny really , sometimes i can sympathise with americans who must be laughing at the so called peaceful western europeans now basically acting full americano . 
  the internet is the bastion of the young to middle aged lunatic . 
  just look at what reddit has become , especially now that it is quite mainstream for white americans , and basically the redneck front page and posts proves that . 
  once things becoming sufficiently mainstream then you see the younger generation for what it really is . 
  the biggest lie of the century is that younger people are tolerant or even half decent . 
  you only need to look at twitter and facebook to realise where the vast majority of the hatred and violence is coming from . 
  zoo 's only exist for entertainment . 
  so to raise an animal then kill it for `` education '' and because `` they needed to '' just seems wrong . 
  but my main argument is that there is always an excuse for doing something shitty towards animals or the environment in the west . 
  people will always say `` but this '' and `` but that '' and suddenly act all nationalistic and start talking about `` doing what needs to be done '' and everyone gets into a circlejerk and starts agreeing . 
  but suddenly when someone else does it ( in certain nations that are , let 's say , different ) then you start getting the racism , the xenophobia and all that shit . 
  everyone likes to climb up on the highest horse they can find and start shouting down on others . 
  when a town kills a man eating tiger in india everyone blames the town and people for existing in the first place on `` tiger territory '' . 
  when china build a dock or a mine that destroys an ecosystem everyone starts to throw up a stink . 
  when britain , america or western europe makes almost every dangerous animal extinct and completely changes the coastline and destroys thousands of ecosystems everyone says it needs to be done for safety and civilisation . 
  `` muh family '' `` muh jobs '' `` muh town '' my only conclusion is that this mindset is born out of nationalism , xenophobia and racism hidden behind a veil of environmentalism . 
  everywhere you look people act holier than thou and basically think the world revolves around `` do as i say , not as i do '' . 
  maybe for once people should at least try to shut the fuck up about what other countries do if you ca n't or wo n't do it yourself . 
  and for some humour : [ wales gone ] ( http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/environment/wales-gone-2014021383550 ) which is funny because it 's true . 
  scandinavian pragmatism and english puritanism ? 
  you guys are just as much hypocrites as anyone else . 
  telling off other nations for doing bad environmental things and making racist comments online and over social media if it was china or japan or whoever that did something like this . 
  do n't even act like it 's not true . 
  you are as much on a high horse as the people are in america or britain . 
  in fact mainland europe is one of the biggest `` omg environment '' types ever . 
  but all the comments on reddit have been massively in favour of the killing . 
  like ridiculously massive . 
  i could only laugh as i imagined what the response would be if it was done in a non-white country . 
  but because it was denmark the apologists and the enviro racists and everyone on / r/europe are out to make excuses . 
  funny how everyone here is an raving environmentalist when it comes to china or sometimes even russia . 
  but then start going `` muh economy '' `` muh heritage '' `` muh jobs '' etc. . when it comes to issues on their own shores and it 's upvotes all around . 
  but i guess it 's too much to not see hypocrisy and closeted racism everywhere . 
  they are the only remaining remnants of europe before the invasion of the indo-european language . 
  that 's pretty badass . 
  you 're not gon na get much love on this subreddit . 
  maybe if you were a ukranian people here would support you but western europe and the us is completely fascist when it comes to itself and the people are too . 
  i never watched the holiday movie . 
  is it more in the style of the tv show ? 
  got ta check it out, 
  [ mr. bean 's rendition of whistler 's mother ] ( http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5147/5643142350_a347ff1bd9_b.jpg ), 
  what goes through someone 's mind when they think i 'll wear bright yellow trousers today, 
  [ muhuahaha ] ( http://sfcitizen.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/dr-evil-copy.jpg ), 
  [ we 'll swap with romania if they want it so bad . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/international/you-can-have-the-fcking-place-britain-tells-romania-2014021083414 ), 
  i 've yet to meet a single person from eastern europe that was a cunt . 
  i do n't get it , because i know there 's a lot of cunts from that region . 
  i live in london so i 've met many eastern europeans . 
  they all seem quite nice .
