  we 've seen what unrivalled power has done to the world and it 's not a good thing . 
  i see things quite similar to ww2 actually . 
  the west led by america represents a kind of corporate fascism of hitler whilst russia represents the oppression and internal authoritarianism of stalin . 
  ultimately they are two sides of the same coin though . 
  plus it has always been known that europe has and continues to hold very fond memories of adolf . 
  farage wants to be like putin but certainly does n't want to be his friend . 
  he just wants britains hitler to russia 's stalin . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_of_katanga http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_kasai granted that katanga was given belgium help , but the un were only interested in keeping the country together as a massive state . 
  history has shown this was a massive failure and now the whole region has gone to shit . 
  for example . 
  when the congo ( the big one ) became independent . 
  the un did all it could to keep the current in its stupid illogical form rather than allow any new states to emerge . 
  some of the more stable and prosperous regions ended up going to shit like the rest of the country . 
  the un and cold war powers, 
  europe is the one that made all these fake countries in the first place . 
  the wars and conflicts since then are just precisely because africa was divided in an illogical manner . 
  i do n't want to be seen as defending american media but ... really , no shit . 
  the vast majority of his posts would hardly ever leave the shores of russia and make mainstream news in other countries . 
  especially not as far away as the us . 
  it 's true . 
  britain is probably as bad as japan when it comes to ignoring the bad past , actually it 's worse . 
  people are too afraid to say anything and when someone does they are universally vilified, 
  do n't need to be high . 
  any idiot can see how reddit and the populace in general are massive racists when it comes to these issues . 
  always giving certain people a free pass and justifying the bullshit whilst talking about mass killings and genocide for others . 
  here we go again . 
  time for all the europeans and yanks on reddit worldnews and europe to start justifying it again , it 's different . 
  we 're not barbaric like those niggers and gooks who kill and even eat animals and should stop expanding their cities and doing any kind of development and killing anything . 
  but we sure as hell will lecture them to hell and back whilst sitting on thrones made out of ivory . 
  good old enviroracists . 
  everyone is an animal lover when it comes to certain countries . 
  people even start talking about having north korean style multi-generational camps for ` offenders ' of certain statures . 
  then everyone is a cold hearted pragmatist who believes in the superiority of man and the strive for economic development when it comes to certain other countries . 
  you know , this shit is done for science . 
  for progress !, 
  it 's * different * . 
  it 's always different when we do it . 
  the animal protection people , mostly you guys yourselves and the types of comments you get on / r/worldnews and / r/europe , only start speaking when certain countries like china or african countries do bad stuff to animals . 
  there 's always justification when it 's done by denmark or canada or whatever . 
  i wonder if there is a pattern . 
  just look at australia . 
  constantly talking shit about other countries and the environment etc. . but they are happy to do whatever they want themselves in the name of economic growth etc. . it 's about suppressing other countries and making sure certain countries are on top . 
  they probably will immigrate to britain when they join the eu anyway . 
  they want in so they can get out . 
  it 's not that i do n't necessarily blame them , just at least stop calling yourself a ukrainian nationalist fighting for your country and put that flag down when you do . 
  i love how the right wing try to portray anti-war movements as `` we want the country to lose a war and have our soldiers die and be captured '' anti-war movements tend to be more about not wanting to go to war in the first place , not going to war and then wishing the soldiers lose and dies . 
  i think it 's because syria was something the uk was definitely wanting to get themselves into , it got as far as a vote in parliament and was being egged on by many in the media and in westminster . 
  the chance of there being british soldiers deployed was extremely high . 
  there has n't been much talk apart from nonsense sprouted on reddit about the uk getting militarily involved in ukraine/crimea against russia . 
  i 'd wager it 's more about the uk 's involvement in warfare rather than another country . 
  in general it 's mostly the right wing which are suddenly very anti-war as soon as it 's another country ( like russia ) doing it . 
  the uk anti-war movement usually do n't bother getting involved unless the uk is trying to get involved . 
  i would wager there would be a significant anti-war movement if the uk was doing in ukraine what it was preparing for syria , or libya , or iraq , or afghanistan etc. . 
  there have been protests all over europe against russia 's actions . 
  and they have been treated by the media and on social media/reddit etc. . in a much nicer way than any anti-war or students or equality protests ever have been . 
  anti-war does n't usually mean anti-war for everyone , they are usually much more restricted to an own countries ambitions . 
  there have been large anti-war protests in russia though . 
  to be fair . 
  us/uk/canada / australia and new zealand already pretty much act as a singular state on almost all issues anyway so there 's no real need to do that . 
  europe ca n't have it both ways . 
  unfettered muslim immigration and simultaneous incessant muslim conflict . 
  either go full murica nazi or stop bowing down to whatever the fuck america wants . 
  eu is practically already part of it . 
  the vast majority of countries already say how high when the us says jump . 
  wars , snowden etc everybody toes the line . 
  especially eastern europe and britain . 
  it 's not really overkill . 
  plenty of countries have had referendums about joining or staying the eu . 
  the uk will probably soon even have another one about leaving it . 
  there 's nothing really overkill about democracy ... your own country finland did it too . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_european_union_membership_referendum,_1994 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:referendums_related_to_european_union_accession, 
  so we 've signed an agreement which will eventually lead to annexation into the eu with an unelected government who forced their way into power sounds familiar to that region . 
  everybody gets a slice of that sweet ukrainian pie . 
  nobody actually got to have a * legitimate * say in it . 
  i 'm not sure the average german will be convinced that he or she has to take the punishment with higher bills etc. . just because politicians want to make grand standing gestures and make germany feel important on a world stage . 
  just because merkel and other german politicians probably want a statue next to bismark in a few decades time . 
  we 've already gone through that part of nationalism . 
  the only things people care about are their bank accounts . 
  but , in london things would probably get better for the average person if all that russian money stopped coming in and things started to become affordable for normal people again . 
  although you 'd still need to deal with all that corrupt chinese , arab , indian and probably even american money turning london into a financial safe haven and playground for some of the worst people in the world . 
  and even worse , their offspring . 
  but the elite would take a hit so naturally they will probably find some way where sanctions will only fuck over average russians and average britons . 
  hmm yeah , higher fuel prices for everyone . 
  you see we need to do it because of freedom . 
  listen to the media folks . 
  we have to suffer for freedom and democracy . 
  but not them . 
  see : cuba the us goes apeshit even if russia ( or china , or anyone other than itself ) does anything in north america , carribean or south america . 
  you would see cuban missile crisis ii if russia and cuba formed an alliance like ukraine joining nato/eu . 
  i know everyone likes to angrily play up the fact that the west is weak ( despite numerous wars and ` interventions ' in even the past decade , if anything people should be tired of war but apparently not ) but no . 
  nato would n't step aside if russia started messing with nato countries . 
  i thought net neutrality was already established and safeguarded by the eu . 
  for fucks sake this shit again . 
  and the leader of venice is called the doge . 
  the internet will win freedom for doge !, 
  or the venice one . 
  do n't forget little old venice wants to be a republic again, 
  except for probably some of the tatars there probably is n't anyone around that does n't want to either be part of ukraine or russia . 
  with the americans and germans and newer eastern european additions gunning for eastwards expansion to get at russia for all the known reasons . 
  and probably britain too , at least behind the scenes .
