  the only thing that leave is lucky about is they have the media on their side to spin it all very nicely . 
  maybe the country will be less angry now that they think they 've won . 
  ca n't go around blaming the immigrants and foreigners for literally every single fucking problem over the past 100 years any more can you ? 
  we need to have a catchy title . 
  the breckoning . 
  it 's what they did for greece when the germans invaded during the financial crisis a few months ( ? ), 
  ago . 
  makes sense america uses former commies to do the nasty stuff , they 've already got the infrastructure + mentality . 
  they just needed a new enemy to use it against . 
  the power to do what the cia tells them if they need extra manpower . 
  i think it 's down to affordability . 
  the croats and turks who would cause violence are the ones that also probably ca n't afford to go to the euros . 
  at least not in large numbers . 
  your average english hooligan is n't going to break the bank spending a few days fighting in france . 
  so some countries end up sending over better educated representatives as a whole . 
  the outlier here is russia , i do n't know how these psycho brainless ultras are affording all this shit . 
  yep , people forget the reason the uk joined the eu was because it no longer had the captive market of the empire and so needed to join the common market . 
  ww2 destroyed the old britain , perhaps not so physically as other countries but destroyed nonetheless . 
  now i 'm not sure if britain can go it alone with neither a captive imperial market , a common market or vast natural resources like canada , australia , norway etc. . 
  it certainly struggled to do so in the post ww2 and pre eu era . 
  this is one thing people on this sub do n't really understand , they think because someone is white they are better than even highly qualified people from non white countries . 
  that a few doctors from india or pakistan are worse than tens of thousands of working class romanians or poles on the basis of race and culture . 
  when the eu expanded into soviet territory i think it was a mistake to open up the borders so quickly . 
  it 's more important for the eu to develop those countries first rather than allow anyone to just immigrate . 
  not to mention the side effect of increasing hostility with russia that it causes . 
  the eu does some good things still , i will vote remain because the brexit campaign is run by far right lunatics who will gain too much power if they win but the eu needs serious reform . 
  it was n't a common market anyway for the most part it was a captive market . 
  it 's easy to become rich when you have so many places basically forced to only trade with you and develop in a way that only enriches yourself . 
  then ww2 came and essentially destroyed the empire , britain had no choice but to join the eu . 
  now britain thinks it can go alone again , but to be honest the country was n't doing that great in the period where it had neither a captive market or a common market so history is n't on its side . 
  the name is gay , i do n't want a federal europe either but if they are going to do it they should just keep calling it the eu . 
  liquorice is disgusting , death to all who like such a taste, 
  russia borders poland through the kaliningrad exclave . 
  honestly is there going to be an end in sight ? 
  looking at other post soviet conflicts it seems the norm is more just perpetual low intensity warfare with periods of extreme violence . 
  it 's easy to blame putin for it all but at the same time ukraine was already divided between its pro and anti russian contingent and this war is just going to solidify any previously held beliefs . 
  there 's a host of reasons turkey should n't be in the eu , but if admitting or apologising for genocide was a requirement then the eu would only consist of germany . 
  i would n't be surprised if bf1 only had americans , brits , germans and a non descript terrorist looking arab militia for the middle eastern theatre . 
  i 'm looking forward to the game but i feel like it 's going to be exactly what you would expect hollywood to think when someone in the room says `` let 's reboot ww1 for the modern generation '', 
  by that reason i think germany is the * only * mature country in the world . 
  germany is probably the only country in the world that has apologies for past crimes in full effect . 
  everyone else either ignores or celebrates , does nobody see the comments on reddit any time the us or uk is asked to apologies or even recognise past crimes ? 
  the hypocrisy is absurd . 
  i 'm not saying turkey is correct , but they sure as shit are reacting as you fuckers do all the time . 
  usa killed people , does nothing . 
  uk killed people , does nothing . 
  russia killed people , does nothing . 
  germany is the outlier , probably the only country in the world that gives a shit about its past crimes . 
  what do people on reddit say when america or britain is asked to apologies for xyz atrocity ? 
  `` fuck them , i did n't do it '' `` it was justified '' `` it was how things were back then '', 
  we need to crowdfund this guy to get the best medical treatment , this is heartbreaking, 
  it 's ok though , because they 're keeping out those non existent immigrants who want to go to poland - which is clearly the most important issue for poles so they will continue to vote these guys in on a single issue . 
  or maybe it 's part of the plan anyway , make poland even less desirable for anyone, 
  and naturally they hate each other the most . 
  to a corsican nationalist a french nationalist is probably a huge threat and vice versa . 
  this is a gross defiance towards the useful efficiency of gravity, 
  so all the russians need to go is go through the romanian flag and they 'll have the germans surrounded ... this is all very familiar, 
  jokes on them , orange juice has a high sugar content ... the long con has played by the dutch the plot twist , oranges are n't even dutch, 
  no surprise white nationalists do this . 
  america is to white nationalism what saudi is to islamic terrorism . 
  do you really think the dutch far right care ? 
  they 're white nationalists first and dutch nationalists second , again the jihadi comparison is apt because it 's like how saudi money influences islamic terrorism worldwide too . 
  so the attacker was white ? 
  ah , his name makes it a mental health problem , never mind, 
  this sub is pretty funny , i dare these kinds of posts to get as much love if it was some thread about some shitty eastern european country toppling some shitty soviet statues . 
  it honestly seems all quite normal . 
  just your standard lack or rights , low wages etc. . . it 's a shame as the whole point of communism was about giving the worker a better life . 
  you 'll see when anti lgbt , anti women and anti abortion crap etc. . filters down . 
  and these guys do it through popular culture and open donations to right wing parties instead of behind closed doors in mosques . 
  two sides of the same coin . 
  my main point is how people here give christian fundamentalism a free pass . 
  the us is going full crazy and has appointed some real religious morons but all there is is people dismissing it . 
  for me the us is equal to muslim fundamentalist countries , and europe is so weak it gets exposed badly to it . 
  i mean when you have all these muslim countries that sprout off crap about allah , and everyone goes `` what a bunch of barbarians '' and then the americans sprout of all this crap about god and the top comment is `` wow those americans sure know how to pull it off '' oh and spare me the religious bullshit anyway , you guys are being led by a fucking three time divorced perverted maniac with children from multiple women . 
  i still think of the universe as a single point of mass , with infinite density, 
  not really , we can still do far more with much less . 
  it 's just that with current lifestyles we 're destined for doom ( excessive waste , poor recycling and questionable energy sources ) . 
  there is n't much desire for change and improvement in the modern west these days ( in fact there 's a deep push for the opposite ) but there 's usually good news coming out of countries like china and india nowadays so there is a small sliver of light at the end of the tunnel . 
  the tone is basically being set . 
  the uk has announced it will leave the eu and leave the single market , but is ready to now blame all tariffs and consequences on the eu punishing the uk . 
  it will work very , very well amongst the british populace because it 's an extremely easy and digestible answer , it 's been the basis of british politics and media for the past 50 or so years . 
  blame all foreigners for all problems . 
  you did n't think that britain leaving the eu would put an end to that ? 
  they 're just getting started . 
  i can go to work tomorrow and start hearing people talking about how the `` spiteful eu will do all they can to destroy us '' - considering that britons already hated the eu , it 's pretty much the only direction propaganda can take when it comes to inevitably blaming someone for the economic consequences . 
  i love seeing this sub squirm with it 's mental gymnastics now that russia is seen as the leader of right wing politics . 
  you want to hate them for historical reasons , but now you love them as they are the leader of your backwards views . 
  ah poland , where simply installing sharia law is ok as long as you cross out sharia and islam and replace the word with catholicism . 
  not one minute earlier or later, 
  there are plenty of parties that espouse leftist economic policy without the hatred . 
  so it 's wrong to assume these people are voting out of economic anxiety , similar to the lie peddled about why people voted trump . 
  it 's like someone in the uk saying they voted ukip because of economics , when you have the greens , lib dems and now even labour being even more left wing . 
  just a lie from the real reason . 
  turns out i was completely wrong, 
  that 's not fun , that 's strange and therefore scary and confusing . 
  something ai n't right about you guys . 
  i shall start using chocolatine then, 
  any form of russia at any point of history was always shit if you were at the bottom, 
  no i 'm pretty sure that 's it . 
  you wanted someone to notice the economic issues yes .
