   your right wing groups want to cozy up to america and israel to satisfy their blood lust against the non-white race and return to the old days of killing `` savages '' under the guise of `` bringing civilisation '' and restoring some kind of glory to a nation that is now on the periphery of international politics , just like all fucking right wing political parties in europe these days . 
  you still wo n't do anything about this at all . 
  ever . 
  left wing or right wing , it 's the same shit . 
   i 'm against all this nsa crap as much as the next guy but i 'm tired of seeing all these idiot mainland european politicians talk about how `` angry '' they are about these revelations , when they are just as fucked up as britain regarding its cosying up to the american establishment . 
  at least britain has the twisted decency to not pretend otherwise . 
  our politicians sit there and basically tell the population to go fuck itself and start learning the american and israeli national anthems . 
   ** what exactly has any nation done about any of this ? 
  nothing . 
  absolutely nothing has changed whatsoever since the snowden leaks happened . 
  not one fucking bit . 
  if you think otherwise you 're deluding yourself . 
  ** the biggest proof is the last paragraph . 
  what has changed . 
  can anyone show me any tangible changes that have occurred ? 
  no one ? 
  is europe still blocking its entire airspace at the hint of snowden ? 
  yes . 
  did all of europe rush to say `` fuck off '' to snowden when he wanted asylum ? 
  yes . 
  does the vast majority of europe ( and the british commonwealth realms ) still stand behind the us at every available opportunity ( at least , on a governmental level ) ? 
  yes . 
  have microsoft , or google , or any other american it company been punished for misleading their customers and using their products to spy on people for their american government ? 
  imagine if it was a chinese company that did it ? 
  likely there would be prosecutions and police would be doing raids and people would be in handcuffs . 
  this is all just bs . 
  the vast majority of times i basically ignore these nsa stories now , i should 've just ignored this one too and stayed in what resembles some kind of blissful ignorance . 
  really though , they were basically part of italy anyway . 
  and therefore the eu . 
  i doubt it changes the reality on the ground except for some legal stuff . 
  i know they always want to talk about independent sovereign countries and stuff but there comes a point where a country is so dependent on others that you have to start putting things into question , especially since the culture and language and ethnicity is also pretty much the same . 
  i say it about ( anglo ) canada and the us too . 
  so for san marino and italy , it 's almost a no-brainer . 
  de jure sovereign state and de facto sovereign state are two very different things . 
  i 'm just tired of fuck heads constantly telling everyone they are n't doing anything about islamic terrorism like they were born yesterday or something . 
  and then cry their eyes out if one fucking nazi or some other right wing dick head gets a mild tap on the shoulder or a court summons . 
  these kinds of comments is what always happens any time someone dares go after the far right extremists in the west outside of the muslims . 
  and the worst thing is everyone believes them . 
  honestly , go join the military and die for the americans and jews if you think we 're not doing enough . 
  empty your entire fucking bank account and split it 50/50 between the us and israel . 
  you should do your own part instead of telling others they are n't doing enough . 
  some people wo n't be happy until everyone is dead . 
  well you act like a yank bastard . 
  you can go join their shitty wars for israel , you probably have all that guilt that 's why you feel this way . 
  and then they have the fucking gall to tell us we do n't do enough yet for them and their cause of fighting for zionism and constant meddling and death in the middle east , and call people out for trying to do something about nazi 's and then start crying about muslims . 
  fuck them . 
  fuck the new right . 
  these asshole conservative types that want an endless war against the muslims . 
  i do n't like islam either but i also do n't feel we need an endless war against them just for fucking israel/jews/americans . 
  i 'm tired of seeing fucking americans keep saying not enough is being done , bitching about white rights and people doing anything bad towards the right wing . 
  and then saying nothing is being done about muslims or muslim terrorists . 
  that 's when you know they have you by the fucking balls . 
  you can have hundreds of soldiers dead , millions of them dead , trillions spent on war but they will say you are n't doing enough . 
  and fuck heads like yourself will sit there and believe them . 
  please go join your military and die for israel and the us if you think we are n't doing enough , go do your part too . 
  what the fuck are all you americans doing on this subreddit anyway . 
  how the fuck was he being sarcastic ? 
  ah fuck this place . 
  it 's already been taken over by fucking american nazis and zionists , who are on the same side these days . 
  so you talk about freedom of speech for a neo nazi who has killed before . 
  but then talk about how muslims should be preventatively arrested despite most of them probably never having committed a crime . 
  unless you 're talking about `` muslim terrorists '' which is a vague description still . 
  i 'm not sure if you realise but we 're already fucking involved in multiple wars with soldiers dying every day , millions of casualties both directly and indirectly caused and billions if not trillions spent on all of this . 
  and multiple retaliation bombings and plots to throw in too . 
  an entire security and surveillance state apparatus has been built up and a climate of fear has gripped the entire west . 
  but yes , apparently that 's still not enough . 
  the vast majority of europe already bends over backwards for you fucking americans and jews . 
  apparently a second holocaust is required to satisfy you people . 
  i 've never heard of varg vikernes before . 
  i doubt many brits have either . 
  got ta remember who the bbc 's core audience is . 
  we were all barbarians at one point . 
  just some of us have moved on . 
  except that 's not what mr. ira was saying when he says ireland for the irish , france for the french , germany for germans and all that bs , but you all still agreed with him . 
  except you are racist , because you assume unless someone is ethnically irish or french or greek they are incapable of integrating . 
  try again , and go fuck yourself . 
  oh really ? 
  how did it go last time for you fucking racist nazis ? 
  seriously , i 'd love it for the french , greeks , irish and anyone else to try it again . 
  you hide behind irish nationalism but really you 're just another racist idiot . 
  how about all irish people from america and anywhere else leave their countries before others have to leave ireland or france or greece ? 
  how about instead of leaving they are all shot and left in a ditch ? 
  does n't sound so nice now does it ? 
  the problem is people like you think unless there is mass killings/ethnic cleansing , racial violence and repression then somehow the state is under attack or not living up to its ideals . 
  yeah , real noble ideals you got there . 
  such cultured peoples . 
  i 've got no issue in admitting britains wrongdoings . 
  but at the end of the day there were two peoples that wanted self determination on the island of ireland . 
  and frankly i do also find it weird how you 're sticking up for golden dawn and front national even if you are an ira sympathiser . 
  i was n't talking to you , i was talking to him and his french friends . 
  but we can bring up the ira if you want . 
  no you do n't . 
  well maybe once both of you guys vote in nazis, 
  i do n't know , they 'll probably find their way in somehow with the politicians we have and perhaps american/british pressure . 
  plus all those jews in israel are practically polish or russian or whatever anyway, 
  i know , just you always hear arguments that turkey is mostly not in europe so they should n't be let into the eu . 
  when you have countries like cyprus , and probably israel eventually where nobody will say anything . 
  cyprus is actually in the middle east . 
  i always found it weird politicians wank themselves over the fact that turkey is n't in europe , when cyprus is basically off the coast of lebanon/syria and nowhere near the boundaries of europe . 
  i remember reading recently the kurdish rebels announced they would be standing down .
