  acting like we are some bastion of freedom when in reality we are n't much better than the russians themselves anyway . 
  how about some honesty for once . 
  the russians are dicks but at least they are honest about it . 
  rather than trying to be nice and lying to everyones faces , talking about we need to kill because we are so nice and we need to give `` freedom '' ( a very strict definition of freedom that only abides by our rules , economically and socially and possibly religiously ) ` we ' want ukraine for geopolitical reasons and economic reasons , nothing else . 
  sick and tired of idiots talking about freedom and democracy . 
  it 's just the same bullshit that 's been happening for thousands of years redressed as something else . 
  i 'd quite like the drug policy of amsterdam here in london . 
  or at least maybe some hipster place like bristol . 
  also high speed rail and nuclear power like france . 
  motorways like germany . 
  also for the premier league to be more like the bundesliga in terms of finances and the way the german football system in general is set up . 
  freedom for who exactly . 
  it 's a dangerous game to play when you think freedom is only what you think is ok . 
  honestly this kind of talk is very fascist-esque . 
  when you people get so deluded in your own world and mindset i do n't see how you 're any much different to those who you condemn . 
  yeah but now you 're wearing woolly hats and thick coats in the middle of april, 
  in that sense it 's exactly the same reason why russia did everything to keep chechnya and other separatist regions themselves . 
  when it comes to these situations one mans loss is another mans gain . 
  russia loses chechnya . 
  hello american , western and/or saudi backed forces in chechnya right on the russian border . 
  likewise with moldova and transitria ( sp ) and russia . 
  there are still places in the world where anything except a large power in control will basically create a vacuum that will suck in one or the other , to the detriment of the other . 
  the west is just as ready to pounce on russia 's losses as much as russia is ready to pounce on western losses . 
  in that sense , the cold war definitely is back on again , if it ever ended in the first place . 
  it 's pretty obvious that all sides of this conflict have their hands inside ukraine . 
  russia being the most considering well , lots of things . 
  but to act like the west is innocent and is n't doing similar things is ignorant too . 
  i mean it 's pretty hard these days or perhaps ever to listen to the usa , europe and russia talk about meddling in other countries and sit there with a straight face . 
  that 's what everyone thinks but the youths of nations can be just as big cunts . 
  something reddit proves about the west on an hourly basis . 
  as george bush once said . 
  `` you 're either with us or against us '' most people here will probably be clamouring for her head . 
  and i bet many want to see nigel farage , head of ukip in the dock too . 
  how 's that democracy and freedom going . 
  an unfortunate side effect of pretending to be a holy sanctum of freedom and democracy of course , they could just stop pretending . 
  but then how will they conjure up bullshit wars and sanctions against asian and african nations . 
  they ca n't just do what russia does and tell the cold truth when they decide to invade others . 
  ahh i see . 
  i was just saying the other day how sweden was totally full of gay nannies, 
  that 's like telling north americans or australians to speak the native language ... i 'd imagine some problems will ensue . 
  is n't that what it 's like ? 
  they do n't see themselves as irish and they know their background is n't . 
  although i might be wrong . 
  anyone can make that up though . 
  yanokovych could say the cia etc. . ( and they probably were ) involved in the protests . 
  it was clear from day 1 the west was fully behind the protests and had no intention of recognising the ukrainian government . 
  he had as much of a case as the new government did to send in troops as the protesters were actively supported and funded by foreigners who had a full intention of a coup . 
  so it 's not really a case of right and wrong . 
  just what people think is right and wrong . 
  another classic example of democracy and freedom being used in completely different contexts . 
  i swear in a hundred years time these american dominated words like democracy , freedom and liberty will be seen in the same light as all those words the communists or fascists used like `` bourgeoisie '' and `` people 's revolution '' `` fatherland '' etc. . you know as soon as you here someone say that you think `` oh dear '' the same will be thought when people start chanting `` liberty '', 
  i would say foreign policy is probably the only area where ukip is actually probably to the left , of almost any party in the west . 
  even the lib dems are quite hawkish and trigger happy . 
  you give any of these guys a hint that there 's room for expansion or shoving into a market for corporate buddies to exploit another country and they 'll do whatever it takes . 
  the ukip are right in one thing . 
  you can see a clear expansionist mindset in the eu and whether you like it or not the west is also very much responsible for the situation in ukraine , it 's not just all the fault of russia . 
  you can see already how parties across the spectrum in the west are all clamouring now for more defence spending , militarisation of europe , integration of europe into a single state and all that bs because of the big bad russians . 
  whether it 's the democrats in america or labour in the uk or whoever . 
  when it comes to war and foreign policy since 9/11 they have all been firmly on the right . 
  it 's still a neo-cons , imperialist world out there , they 've just figured a way to make it not look like one . 
  yes but you said it in a way that 's like `` well if the ukraine army does n't kill them now they might as well all just give up and die '' at least that 's why you got the top comment here . 
  you just do n't get it do you . 
  nobody here is interested in being told they are hypocrites . 
  as far as all the people here are concerned . 
  anti-russia protests = do n't kill . 
  freedom loving freedomers . 
  police are evil . 
  pro-russia protests = kill them all . 
  send in the tanks . 
  police are guardian angels . 
  you do n't even realise how strong this mindset is amongst americans and mainland europeans where they have such a ridiculous amount of tunnel vision and visions for a future modelled ** only ** by themselves they ca n't even see their own hypocrisy . 
  stuff like your post being the top comment really proves how even someone like nigel farage can be correct when he says the eu has blood on its hands . 
  because not only do the governments of europe want ukraine to kill them all , the common people of europe do . 
  and that 's where the real worry lies . 
  you 've got the same hysteria as you did in the run up to afghanistan and iraq . 
  hmm ... might be ok in the long term . 
  worked out well for south korea . 
  if partition was always off the table throughout history then the world would be a much messier place . 
  i do n't think so . 
  russia wo n't bother trying to get the pro-western regions of ukraine . 
  we all saw the protests in kiev . 
  they faced no resistance in crimea for a reason . 
  likewise in some parts of e. ukraine . 
  you ca n't say the same for other parts of ukraine . 
  you could have said the same thing about the kiev protests ... if the ukraine army had stepped in and `` restored order '' blah blah blah . 
  or that the `` police '' were only `` restoring orders '' by cracking down and murdering protesters . 
  nonsense really . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you ca n't condemn them one time and then scream democracy as you do the same to others . 
  of course this time it wo n't be called a legal revolution like the one that happened in ukraine, 
  how about poland starts pulling its own weight too . 
  i wo n't complain if poland starts to build its own force larger instead of just wanting foreigners to defend for them . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  ukraine was joining the eu and nato regardless of whether russia invaded crimea or not . 
  anyone who thinks otherwise was n't paying attention to the revolution and protests . 
  it 's a handy excuse no doubt but ukraine was joining nato regardless . 
  the russians invaded crimea precisely because they knew the rest of the country was joining nato and the eu, 
  for all these words are worth we have seen all former soviet countries toe the american line and follow them wherever they have gone on their various worldly adventures . 
  poland for example can talk about freedom all it wants but it 's still a heavily conservative catholic country that enjoys warfare in the muslim or non-christian world and will do whatever the us says . 
  granted the west is still much better in many aspects than russia , but if russia can stand there and finally stop all the wars interventions and conflicts that we seem to be getting ourselves in then that 's probably a good thing .
