  erm colonisation was actually almost the complete opposite of all of that . 
  most nations had to rid themselves of the colonial yoke before ever thinking about certain values . 
  also many nations had to essentially be destroyed by the germans or russians in ww2 before espousing such values . 
  in america it was n't until the 60s where this ideology was actually true . 
  most people here have a blinkered view of european or western history . 
  from a british perspective i 'd say it 's a depiction of the [ wehrbauer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wehrbauer ), 
  yeah in europe that 's about 200 languages and a dozen religions, 
  lol poor germany . 
  ca n't even organise an online protest against erdogan without just having everyone make world war jokes in response, 
  i think the situation with iceland is interesting . 
  i feel like he 's pissed someone off to end up on the same card as the likes of putin and generic middle eastern dictators . 
  without him it looks like a classic western hit job , with him it provides a more interesting picture . 
  perhaps some plausible deniability . 
  he does n't seem to hold any radical left wing views that would make him a target , apparently he 's centre-right . 
  so far the icelandic pm is the only western figure to be named ( at least by british media , from what i 've seen ) admittedly it seems it 's western media whose running the story so you probably wo n't get that far into the corruption in the west . 
  i 'm not sure if it even matters if some russians or chinese or saudis are corrupt . 
  we all know they 're poor at hiding corruption unlike their western counterparts . 
  i think it matters , we are already subjected to endless stories about how bad putin et all is . 
  one more story is n't going to change anything . 
  for others it will only solidify the fact that the media still works on a bloc mentality and wo n't dare to out their own . 
  english speaker here . 
  can confirm we call it easter . 
  i love the basque language . 
  an ode to europes long gone neotholic past . 
  it 's balls as fuck . 
  or is it endless source of gyros for kebabs . 
  it 's one of those chicken and egg questions, 
  until the wahabbi finance stops this will be a perpetuating cycle . 
  follow the money . 
  even in the case of islamic extremism you follow the money . 
  the world would be better off if saudi arabia was broke and mecca became an independent city state like the vatican . 
  right now it seems impossible , they have such a large military armed to the teeth with advanced western weaponry and have so much money but once the oil dries up , no matter how hard they try i think they 're toast . 
  to be fair it is two fold . 
  ca n't have open borders whilst destroying the borders of another area . 
  europe is complicit in the destruction of the middle east and is now complicit in allowing the fallout from that come home . 
  whatever happened to isolation and half decent borders . 
  but nobody wants that . 
  the right want full war and closed borders . 
  the left want no war but open borders . 
  the standard response has been `` kill them all '' for quite some time now ? 
  i 'm not sure why this place constantly argues they 're surrounded by liberals who want to send their mothers to get raped by scary foreigners . 
  as bad as he was , this subreddit and the majority of its redditors ... with the exception of hitler pretty much glorifies every rampant imperialist , murdering maniac and warmonger that europe has produced as part of their nations ` glorious history ' . 
  well , if invading other countries makes you hitler . 
  i 've got some bad news for most western european countries in the past decade or so alone ... 
  this whole idea of attacking anyone whose different and how popular it is is , is a sign of the degeneration of the western world . 
  does it really offend you guys that much that someone is vegetarian or does n't drink alcohol ? 
  i see it all over reddit , it does n't seem like a tongue in cheek joke anymore , why the fuck does everything different - even harmless differences - make you guys so angry ? 
  i know what you guys are going to say . 
  it 's the muslims fault , what have they got to do with vegetarians anyway ? 
  i look at europe and see a retarded landmass . 
  you guys are turning into americans , so are we , but we 're gon na do it out own way ... 
  how dare they , now i 'm a solid yes ( yes as in , yes let 's stay in the eu ) or a no as in , no let 's not leave the eu . 
  i do n't know how it be . 
  it really is n't . 
  they have a far more robust defence industry , they have energy security with nuclear power , they have a good domestic high speed rail industry , they 've got a domestic aviation and space program that is the foundation for airbus and the esa . 
  on top of that they have nukes , unsc permanent status . 
  stuff the uk also has , but they 've got mor at home . 
  they 're far less reliant on the us . 
  they also have a car industry that has n't gone to complete shit . 
  you compare france and uk , and whilst the uks economy looks better on paper due to the london financial industry on the ground france is doing better and is far more balanced ,, 
  i 'm pretty sure every single white american claims some kind of absurd proportion of irish and native ancestry . 
  it 'd like their passage of right to claim this shit . 
  they 're in a position where it 's either them looting the country or the west , rather shameful i guess . 
  did they really though ? 
  i 'll admit a british education is not going to try and portray austria hungary as some sort of multicultural precursor to the eu so from what i know it was still more or less an austrian empire, 
  looks like frenchie got used to the sweeping powers of being in a state of emergency and does n't want to let go colour me surprised ... 
  it 's ok , mandatory history lessons in the uk pretty much do n't touch on the british empire at all . 
  hell , it was all over reddit how the vast majority of people here are proud regardless of the atrocities , and everyone here was also talking about how proud they are , atrocities or not . 
  probably the same in russia . 
  the streak of authoritarianism runs high in their culture . 
  if the migrant crisis was really so bad for them all they need to do is leave the eu and reinstate the iron curtain . 
  except they want to drag the rest of europe along , all whilst prancing about demanding jobs everywhere in the world because they 're white and ` superior ' to everyone else . 
  so if they 're not going to leave , the uk might as well . 
  like i said . 
  eastern europeans think they 're entitled to a job in the uk or western europe simply because they 're white . 
  they lead the charge against people who are brown or black . 
  i see them as much as a threat as islamic extremists with that kind of mentality . 
  jobs and immigration should come on basis of merit , not race or religion . 
  it only makes sense to leave the eu before it gets completely overtaken by these shit heads , of which nobody even wants to migrate to anyway . 
  this subreddit gets into an absoloute shit storm whenever farage is mentioned or how the uk does n't like migrants from eastern europe . 
  an absoloute shit storm . 
  now these same shit heads want to talk about how they 're leading the charge for `` european values '' by wanting to murder anything that 's brown or black in europe . 
  honestly , eastern europe is as big a problem for europe as the mass islamic immigration is . 
  they 've got no interest in looking at the issue with a clear head , they do n't even care if there are brown people who are n't muslim . 
  yet they constantly whine that they should be accepted to work off the books , paying no tax working for less than minimum wage in countries like the uk . 
  ** eastern europe was a communist problem in the 20th century and it is a fascist problem in the 21st century . 
  ** honestly , i 'm now for the uk leaving the eu . 
  we can handle both the islamic immigration and the eastern european immigration with a better head rather than the `` kill all brown people and let in all white people because we demand your jobs '' mentality of mainland europe . 
  mainland europe will see a second holocaust and i 've got no interest in being part of it . 
  because that 's all that 's ever said on this subreddit . 
  people on mainland europe think : if you 're black or brown you 're a problem but if you 're white you should be given a job in the uk or anywhere else in western europe . 
  um no , everyone says there 's a problem with political correctness ... which means there is n't . 
  there 's about 99 % people complaining about political correctness and about 1 % of actual political correctness . 
  if someone pulls someone up for being a nutjob all the media and people will do is say `` political correctness gone mad '' . 
  someone is a vegetarian ? 
  gay ? 
  not white ? 
  the very existence of these things is considered `` political correctness gone mad '' . 
  your post is just another example . 
  there 's not much of that in this country , certainly not anymore , yet it still gets harped on about how extreme it is .
