  no it 's easy , just that people in the west do n't want to talk about it or label anyone who says it as a traitor/unpatriotic or a conspiracy theorist . 
  americans tend to just get nervous and start `` pretending '' to be funny by saying murica # 1 anytime someone talks about how absurd the propoganda is in hollywood and video games . 
  he basically wanted what the british did in north america or australasia . 
  or what the russians did in north asia . 
  or what the spanish/portuguese did in central and south america . 
  the only difference is he wanted to do it in a few years against people who could fight on almost equal terms . 
  the result being sheer destruction . 
  had hitler been born in the 15th century and did what he did to native americans they would probably have a holiday in his name, 
  in the parts of the u.s. . that has the same density and urban patterns as much of england , such as the north east , the mentality is the same . 
  likewise for the heavily farmed regions . 
  the only reason the u.s. or canada is different is because of the lower population densities but you can see the hypocritical mindset whenever you go to suburban and urban or farming regions . 
  australia , canada and the us are some of the most environmentally exploitative countries in the world , it 's just that there 's so much land that even today you have n't yet got your grubby hands on it all . 
  even the liberals on reddit are nowadays all about getting that money by any means necessary, 
  northern india or bangladesh seems to come to mind . 
  very dense areas but also home to tigers , rhinos , elephants and probably some other shit . 
  they 've actually been some of the most populated areas throughout history so it 's a surprise that these animals still exist at all in those areas . 
  most people in this country have no idea what it 's like having actual wildlife that can be dangerous , it 's why we always like to act holier than thou whenever someone kills a dangerous animal elsewhere . 
  if a guy kills a tiger saving his farm or family in india , it 's their fault for having a high population or having a farm and destroying the habitat . 
  for encroaching into ` tiger land ' . 
  if it 's done in the us or britain or somewhere else in the west he 's a hero saving his family and economic lifestyle from the savages of nature . 
  it all boils down to the fact that people want to feel good about themselves , they want to feel better than others , and they also do n't care about anyone else . 
  which is why you get people being environmentalists when it comes to issues in asia or africa , but being staunch industrialists and proponents of economic growth , safety and security at all costs in their homelands . 
  most `` environmentalists '' and `` liberals '' in the west are pretty much as backwards as they think the conservatives are , they just are backwards in their own way . 
  this is why nobody should take us seriously when we preach to other countries to stop killing tigers or lions or rhinos or elephants or any other animal that can cause serious economic damage of danger to life . 
  we as a nation are absolutely against having anything except a sterile , safe environment that has been completely changed by man in almost all forms . 
  why does that give us any right to preach to others ? 
  this is a problem in the west as a whole , but britain is one of the top offenders . 
  the us and canada are like that too , but their countries are so big and sparse that they do n't always need to sterilise the place . 
  although they do go in all guns blazing if they need to , and the men are all called heroes . 
  i doubt anyone actually believes this . 
  there will be a lot of political theatre and eventually they will say a hard compromise was reached . 
  labour + snp is pretty much the only way a government can be formed if the polls are correct, 
  this is n't about that , it 's about the us and eu intelligence agencies conducting industrial espionage for the benefit of the u.s businesses , including having intelligence agencies spy on their own industries for the benefit of the u.s. 
  how would you basically feel if you had an idea or a business that your own government and intelligence agencies sold out on to satisfy americans ? 
  i 'm not saying it will happen . 
  i know i 'm going to get a lot of `` edgy '' comments about how the us does n't care about `` your stupid neckbeard '' ideas but lets assume you actually have something that might get you somewhere , there 's nobody that 's going to be on your side . 
  when even your own government and intelligence agencies ( and courts ) are going to side with some hyper rich white dudes in the us . 
  the worst thing is it 's the people who speak out who are the ones that get called traitors . 
  i 'm not sure how crazy it is that people do n't think it 's an issue when the intelligence agencies have more allegiance to the us than to their own countries . 
  european countries are basically banana republics . 
  what 's actually going on is most european governments and intelligence agencies are selling each other and themselves out in an organised fashion to the us . 
  even large corporations like airbus are essentially powerless in the face of a powerful , corrupt and careless law enforcement , intelligence , military and justice system that has more loyalty to the us than anything at home . 
  france is being betrayed as much as it betrays itself on a daily basis . 
  follow the money and the trail leads to a very select few white dudes in the us . 
  not that european countries do n't do the exact same thing to smaller countries around the world . 
  the us has done to europe what europe has done to everyone else . 
  i think what 's worse is that european countries are actively going against their own businesses and people in order to curry favour with the u.s. from a governmental and intelligence standpoint it 's clear where allegiances truly lie , the worst thing is all of this is justified as necessary because of russia or islamic extremism . 
  airbus wo n't even win , i 'd imagine the courts are just as corrupt . 
  here lies the main reason why us companies dominate , they 're basically doing exactly what european countries did in the past so i guess you could call it karma . 
  most people on this sub probably consider the spanish government and nazi germany as the `` good guys '' anyway in the spanish civil war . 
  it 's pretty obvious the intelligence agencies in europe show more allegiance to the u.s. government and the nsa than they would even in a miraculous case where a european government would like it otherwise . 
  but of course most if not all eu countries have governments who will do whatever the u.s. tells them to anyway . 
  anything you read in the media is just theatre . 
  plus i would n't be surprised if anyone did try to go against whatever the u.s. pleases would quickly find that a terrorist attack happens soon after . 
  this is the only difference here . 
  the only reason it was like this was because the racists were n't fond of executing britons as much as they enjoyed doing it to everyone else , it 's a non story as far as i 'm concerned . 
  designed to pander to certain peoples . 
  it 's got nothing to do with what british people are like and everything to do with nazi racial policy . 
  what they do n't tell you is , they had to flatten another mountain top to build the storage . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  that still does n't excuse them from not integrating with local culture . 
  or are people going to get hypocritical , suddenly it 's ok to be a prick as long as you 're rich ? 
  it 's funny because people complain all the time about rich immigrants here too , how they 're taking over london ( they are , but still ) etc. . 
  china also has a single time zone for a country that borders the pacific and afghanistan, 
  france actually switched because of nazi invasion and never switched back, 
  to be fair , driving an audi or bmw tends to make you drive like a cunt . 
  and i 'd imagine germany has lots of audi and bmw owners . 
  to be fair watching various england vs macedonia football games , they do n't look like slavs . 
  they look southern european . 
  i got ta admit there 's a certain cool-factor in being part of a bunch of people who plowed into europe on horseback from the east with some nonsensical language , and kept it . 
  but on the other side , you settled down and converted to christianity . 
  i guess like the vikings , you only used to be cool . 
  20 days + public holidays . 
  in other words the complete standard uk package . 
  i mean it 's not so bad , i guess . 
  plus it rolls over if i have any left at the end of the calendar year . 
  so i actually had ... . drum roll , 22 days + public holidays at the start of this year !, 
  you 're still portraying things in an ignorant fashion , even this fucking website proves how wrong you are about the average western mindset, 
  this entire sub is filled with people of a 19th century mentality who think that their country or countries do no good and everyone else is evil , your post was a prime example of that . 
  that 's why this sub is a joke , because idiots like you keep talking about how the west is egalitarian just to feel better but expose the same horrible behaviours of anyone else if you scratch past the surface, 
  yeah but let 's be honest you think it does n't apply to any western nation . 
  you 're all fucking deluded, 
  watching the debate does n't matter , what matters is the tabloid media reaction in this country ( whom manipulate public opinion for the vast majority ) and they have generally been anti labour . 
  so the conservatives and ukip won the debate . 
  i do n't think you know what egalitarian means and i certainly do n't know where you got the idea that only russia has a macho culture this sub is fucking stupid, 
  probably only those two , this sub denies pretty much all other colonial genocide as standard, 
  this is not gon na be popular here, 
  nope , just / r/europe, 
  this part of europe ( or the world ) has always been so politically confusing i 've never had the time to appreciate the underlying geography/terrain . 
  well sure i can appreciate immigration being an issue , but i do n't think it can be solved by voting in essentially the same thing as islamic fundamentalists but with a different label . 
  it kind of defeats the entire purpose in the first place . 
  except all these parties that are winning on anti islam stances also hold , ironically , islamic extremist ideology themselves . 
  they do n't want anything to do with european liberal values , they say liberalism has destroyed europe . 
  they win on the anti muslim fervour and clearly nobody gives a fuck about the other stuff so is it really european values in the first place ? 
  europe is regressing . 
  muslims or not . 
  it 's the same with america . 
  look at someone like trump and his views on women or certain minorities or economics or climate change , he wins on a ticket of hatred towards muslims and mexicans but nobody cares about all the other stuff . 
  bin laden has done what he wanted in some for , or another . 
  the western world is voting in right wing lunatics who would fit in any sharia regime save for the fact that they call themselves superior white westerners .
