  the world is full of fucked up people . 
  no more bloody polaks that 's for sure oh wait i forgot you 're only allowed to be openly racist to non whites over here . 
  everyone thinks all europeans are the same and equal it 's just the non whites that are bad . 
  you guys are actual fucking nazis . 
  i 'm skeptical about all this aid , most of our aid goes towards securing corrupt contracts and propping up british interests . 
  hardly any of it is actual aid in an altruistic manner , but you could say that for everyone i guess, 
  mostly inept . 
  we want unbridled unrestricted trade with europe but we ca n't be bothered securing our ports and cargo terminals because it means making less money so it 's always easier and more popular to blame france or the eu, 
  is n't the issue that most migrants `` do n't know '' or `` forget '' which country they 're from , and also their countries `` do n't know '' and `` forget '' that these people are their citizens ? 
  as far as most of the third world goes these people are stateless , their home countries do n't want them and the people will never tell anyone where they 're from . 
  so what happens ? 
  they get stuck in detention centres . 
  this is what happens when you create tonnes of fake countries in the middle east and africa , they do n't have any identities or unique characteristics so as far as someone is concerned an arab person or a black guy could be from anywhere . 
  the charming legacy of colonialism . 
  no it is n't , it 's the default whine any time someone tries to criticise the u.s in particular , but nowadays western europeans have adopted the word any time someone makes a note of all the recent wars/shenanigans these countries have gone to . 
  `` how dare you mention the countless wars we have gone to , that 's just whataboutism , you fucking twat , when we say we do n't like war , that does n't mean the ones we go to you godless heathen '' [ 20000 upvotes ], 
  only a liberal thinks all the aid the west does is actually out of the kindness of ones heart, 
  the problem is any time this is brought up most people in the west hit the `` whataboutism '' button and derail any conversation . 
  `` you ca n't mention us subs next to russia in a conversation about russian subs next to the u.s , ho ho here you guys go saying what about '', 
  most of the aid and development in africa is done for self serving purposes , you 're silly to think the western world approaches the issue with altruistic mindsets . 
  the problem with you liberal-turned-nazis that dominate reddit is that you think everything the west did was out of some kind liberal bleeding heart cause that you once believed in , when in reality it was always about exerting influence and securing national interests . 
  i did n't know the users of / r/europe worked there, 
  i thought our trains were bad, 
  and yet over here he is a god . 
  says it all . 
  whose race is that . 
  southern europeans are clearly inferior to northern europeans and look completely different !!, 
  and then central/south america, 
  i feel like london has hit a brick wall from an infrastructure standpoint . 
  there 's not much room left to expand the underground ( metro ) which is the only real way for this city to cope with travel issues . 
  except even jews and other asians are getting anger . 
  if you think it 's just about some arbitrary measure of assimilation you 're wrong . 
  the internet savvy english speaking poles still seem to be massively racist though ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  this is the real thing to notice , most of the people on reddit are educated kids yet hold the same views as some `` blue collar worker in a bar '' it 's what i 've been saying for years but people ignore or down vote out of spite . 
  reddit is showing a very disturbing trend in europe and the u.s. 
  the racism from young people seems to be just as high as any other demographic . 
  the fact that the sub gets more racist as it becomes more popular is just further evidence . 
  people then use the excuse of people not assimilating , then someone mentions how the jews assimilated but that was n't enough for them . 
  the guy who was arguing that jews were n't doing enough got a ton of upvotes . 
  at this point apart from dying or leaving there is no assimilation in the eyes of modern european youth . 
  when people are still making comments like that about jews you know nobody else no matter what they do have a chance . 
  what 's up with eastern europeans only ever picking blondes to represent them anyway ? 
  this entire subreddit whenever it gets a boner about girls from eastern europe , always only ever picks blonde chicks . 
  i think i 've seen more `` generic hot girl '' pictures of non-blonde women from northern europe/scandinavia than eastern europe . 
  i 've been to romania , the country has ridiculously hot girls but this subreddit probably thinks the only ones worth a damn are the blonde ones . 
  i 'm not saying you guys are fucking nazis , but you guys are fucking nazis . 
  i tried to invest in eastern poland , but accidentally ended up with western poland . 
  they told me they 'd just throw the money on the massive pile . 
  so you 're going to try and sue them in possibly the largest place in the world where the institutional corruption in finance goes as deep as the darkest depths of hell . 
  good luck with that . 
  you 're more likely to sue against islam in isis territory . 
  ha ... and it 's saturday today . 
  ah uk , probably just london ... the 2 % who represent the 1 % of russia . 
  uninformed ? 
  he 's absolutely right . 
  it 's always interesting how the uk , a country that is supposed to have religion and politics/government intertwined at a deep level ... is far less politically religious than probably most , perhaps all , countries in the world that claim to have `` separation of religion and state '', 
  i 'm pretty sure almost everything in supermarkets nowadays has a big fucking british flag on it somewhere . 
  and if you ask / r/unitedkingdom there needs to be even more patriotism for local products . 
  and if you ask / r/unitedkingdom local means anything only from uk , ireland , usa , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  everybody says they hate immigration , until a brit comes along and says he hates all the fucking poles/romanians ( side note : not me personally ) and then you all get upset . 
  this neo liberal agenda you guys have where europe needs to be a continent where free travel is permitted for any natural born white male or whatever is retarded . 
  immigration is an issue both within the eu and outside of the eu , and until you guys stop trying to make it a thing about race `` muh european values '' and all that crap , the more i 'm for this bullshit censorship . 
  i just think it 's retarded you all want to talk about immigration , but then get so upset about immigration within the eu and how the eu needs to be completely open , with a unified military and how all european culture is the same . 
  are you fucking retards ? 
  i just think it 's retarded to see all the poles and hungarians etc. . and whoever else from these kinds of countries constantly complaining about immigration but then getting so fucking upset when a brit complains about them . 
  fuck that . 
  it 's interesting when it comes to within eu immigration . 
  the uk generally sticks to its guns , but all those racist eastern european countries suddenly get all upset and demand free movement . 
  much like this subreddit actually . 
  they already do . 
  most people here are just royalist nationalists who deny everything . 
  it 's funny because scandinavia was always seen as the last bastion of native european religion, 
  mostly cats, 
  so now this guy is on the hit list for western agencies and isis . 
  good luck with that, 
  i 'm saying it 's pointless to create missile defences for icbm 's with mirv warheads . 
  there 's a difference between what russia and other nuclear powers have and what palestinian or hezbolla guerilla forces have . 
  iron dome did n't seem crazy . 
  it 's a system designed to intercept small range missiles and shells , of which israel gets attacked by constantly . 
  you honestly ca n't compare a `` shield '' against russia 's thousands of mirv nuclear warheads ( which have never been used ) to israel 's defences against small rockets . 
  this shit is a waste of money . 
  russia has so many nukes that missile shields are pointless . 
  shit like this only works against countries like north korea or iran where they do n't have enough volume to easily overwhelm missile defence . 
  and those countries are n't going to attack fucking poland . 
  saudi arabia and other gulf arab countries are like poison , all that oil money making wahhabism ( sp ? ), 
  spread around the globe the only way islamic terrorism dies is when the oil money dies, 
  that 's the eu spirit us brits are known to love , good job everyone, 
  to be fair it 's true . 
  the only stupid thing is acting like it 's only putin . 
  old russian architecture like this is fascinating , it 's like a hybrid of east asian , middle eastern/islamic and european/christian architecture, 
  just shows how much of a disaster it was to dismantle libya, 
  to be fair concentration camps were said to have been invented during the boer wars . 
  you already have the genocide and lebensraum in north america , australia and new zealand . 
  hell , the genocide bit has existed since the anglo saxon invasion in the dark ages there honestly was n't much different apart from time scale and choice of victims . 
  the nazis wanted to do what britain did , in a few years as opposed to a couple of centuries . 
  and they chose to do it to other white people who had the means of fighting back instead of natives that nobody cares about unfortunately even to this day . 
  only difference . 
  in fact people here still praise the nazis for almost everything apart from the jews bit and the treatment of slavs . 
  i 'm pretty sure on reddit it feels like everyone whose white and not slavic or jewish seems to love those bastards .
