  he had seemingly no opposition and mep 's only got to choose a yes or no vote for him . 
  how does this represent democracy ? 
  i really , really do n't want to agree with ukip but farage is correct when he said it resembles the style of the soviets . 
  maybe for christians and some other religions , but everyone is forgetting about islam . 
  it 's the younger muslims that are the craziest , but they 're hypocrites too . 
  they 're just crazy . 
  mostly the sons of asylum seekers from the arab world , pakistan and somalia . 
  older muslims seem to be fine, 
  most people seemed to be supporting germany . 
  i was supporting argentina . 
  it was a relaxed atmosphere , i was almost a lone wolf in supporting argentina . 
  i just made ww2 jokes and acted the part of pantomime villain . 
  surprise twist , some countries will put their own interests in favour of pointless goals for some misguided sense of a greater good . 
  the eu does n't need to be some unified state hell bent on spreading its own version of democracy or what it believes are rules everyone should abide by . 
  people are so desperate for the eu to become america 2.0 and everyone wants to spread freedom because they are told they are the best and everyone else should submit and become part of them , or get lost and die . 
  we 've now entered the realm where italy is being called extremist for looking out for its own interests . 
  the first rule of anything is the people who start throwing around these kinds of words are usually the extremists themselves . 
  `` i 'm not the crazy one , it 's everyone else that is crazy ! '', 
  apart from the gay stuff , maybe the foreigner stuff it does n't sound too different from anywhere else . 
  i would just say the russians are a slightly bigger shade of crazy than others but only slightly . 
  they do n't have the benefit of having multiple countries standing by their side no matter what they do though , so naturally it 's easy to get completely destroyed by media and public opinion . 
  and japan and india and iran and north korea and israel and south korea how are people so ignorant lol all of these countries have built their own orbital rockets, 
  and what do you think the response would be from the us if germany was found to be tapping obamas phones , infiltrated the entire cia and military and the general population . 
  no country is doing to the us what they are doing to others , and if there was there would be mass outrage and arrests and trials etc , maybe even sanctions . 
  the fact that all three parties completely support it is the worst thing , and it 's not like ukip are going to be any better . 
  shit like this makes it no surprise when scotland wants out, 
  [ why china wo n't reclaim siberia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction#nuclear_arsenal_of_russia ), 
  just post it in the russian equivalent of / r/murica then they can simply brush it off as `` satire '' as americans do , and brits , hell pretty much everyone in the west except germany . 
  and then there is no controversy because it 's all just a joke . 
  `` lol we 're only joking , you fucking dogs , you filthy niggers , you kikes , it 's just a joke obviously , we do n't actually mean that we hate you and you should all die a horrible death and we will fuck you up , because we 're joking lololol lighten up '', 
  the government can do as they please , release iraq war correspondence ? 
  nope . 
  public inquiry in to this ? 
  nope . 
  one of the least accountable institutions in the world when combined with total unending immunity for war crimes , a unsc veto and a penchant for tagging along with the us in order to feel relevant on the world stage . 
  yet we claim to be world leaders in all that is good ... and idiots everywhere lap it up . 
  were n't you guys like the last to convert , and only after being brutally massacred by germans and forced to convert go back to the old ways i say, 
  i thought the baltic countries were the least christian/religious countries, 
  thanks for reminding me ah res ... where reddit is what you make of it . 
  out of sight , out of mind, 
  it 's not like there are n't other cities named after genocidal or war mongering people . 
  see : almost every city in the americas and australia etc, 
  yeah i know , damnit i blame germany, 
  not yet anyway . 
  if the ban says being covered in public is illegal , it may be only a matter of time before they start arresting people at protests for covering their faces . 
  personally i think it 's unlikely but the law seems to be very open to interpretation . 
  part of me thinks ok , the full veils can cause issues . 
  muslim oppression etc. . etc. . 
  the other part of me thinks more cynical , maybe not in france but soon they will give police powers to arrest anyone at a protest who covers their face so they ca n't be identified by cameras and logged on a database . 
  you can see on the internet how desperate they are to remove anonymity , soon the eu will turn to this ruling when police arrest people for covering their faces at a protest . 
  you probably could walk around france with a ski mask . 
  or go to a protest and wear a mask . 
  the ban says being covered in public is illegal as a general term , but i imagine the french will only crack down on the muslim veils and allow anything else . 
  so it 's not so much a ban on covering the face as it is a ban on the muslim veils . 
  france has a history of protest so i would be surprised if they start cracking down on anyone who covers their face . 
  even if the law technically says so . 
  as for banks and private institutions ... well , i will imagine the ski mask will cause issues . 
  stupid but you ca n't do anything about it now so they need to tackle the issue in another way as bans or prohibition is impossible . 
  it 's like banning sand in the sahara at this stage . 
  their society has something about it that causes people to go insane , the guns amplify that as it makes the following rampage even deadlier , or even just making something like suicide easier . 
  you even look at so many of the americans on reddit and elsewhere and they all talk about being on psychological medication as if it 's normal . 
  just so they get by in their society without completely losing it . 
  did n't watch the game but from what i heard germany were not that great and algeria missed a load of chances . 
  i think only colombia have looked consistently good in this tournament , all other teams that got through to last 16 look only good on a few occasions . 
  hard to call this qf match , and i hate both teams ... but i probably hate germany more . 
  but damn , would have lol 'd if france played algeria in the qf 's . 
  to become part of europe and/or to integrate with the ` west ' you need to give up so much power to others , namely to the corporate interests of us/western europe . 
  understandable for small nations with no capital of their own and so a job at mcdonalds is the best they will ever achieve . 
  but really i see no need for russia to do it . 
  all this talk of integration when really it 's more like a take over . 
  go back to trading in usd . 
  do everything to benefit foreign tax dodging corporations who only really ever provide small benefit to the most deprived of economies . 
  the places where people in the west will often say `` be glad you are getting even # 1 a day you untermensch '' . 
  essentially a vast transfer of wealth westwards . 
  saying that , russia does that on its own anyway . 
  it 's a country ruled by billionaires who transfer all their ill gotten wealth to the west . 
  but it 's really bad for europe and the world if russia becomes yet another country under the thumb of the us corporate elite . 
  even if their own are n't much better . 
  at least they can still do things mostly on their own terms . 
  well one mans terrorist is always another mans freedom fighter . 
  statues of controversial figures exist everywhere . 
  colombus , numerous other european military figures involved in brutal colonial campaigns . 
  americans , british , spanish , portuguese and australian figures etc and continuous genocide . 
  stalin , mao etc. . . muslim conquerers who killed and converted constantly really if anything hitler and his friends are the exemption instead of the norm . 
  i 've always said that and it 's true . 
  lol seriously ? 
  to be fair whenever a country does go against the west out of its own accord usually it ends up with sanctions or war . 
  you 're the first person from mainland europe on this subreddits who seems to be against it . 
  you 're like a fucking elf , i did n't think you mythical beings existed . 
  it 's good to see that, 
  it 's not like the west is n't doing the same . 
  i just find it sad people only think it 's bad when russia does it . 
  the comments in this thread say it all , it 's either federation or nothing at all ( i.e : leave ) . 
  unfortunately mainland europe is n't interested in anything else . 
  i 'm fairly pro-eu myself but also anti-federal . 
  it 's sad to hear people who blather on about democracy and choice end up being so ... fascist . 
  but they only have one vision for the future, 
  when was the last time a protest worked in a so called proper country ? 
  the media and government just ignore them unless they become violent , then everyone condemns them, 
  ignoring them for over a year despite continuous protests .
