what 's wrong with that ? 
  for centuries if not thousands of years , if not even in todays modern world so called `` pagans '' are insulted across the board by the media . 
  even the word itself is insulting . 
  most christians and muslims ca n't handle the fact that some people did n't convert or converted back . 
  the baltics being the last vestige of europe to truly hold out . 
  not really , i just find it funny people defend their own crazy elite but get mad at others, 
  oh shut up , aristocratic crap is all the same bullshit . 
  you idiots just have rose tinted glasses . 
  i do n't get you guys , day in and day out everyone here defends monarchies and `` beautiful '' palaces of their countries yet now all of a sudden they hate it . 
  in 100 years time there will probably be turks talking about how amazing all this crap is just like you guys do about your bullshit aristocratic history . 
  hows the king of denmark doing ? 
  why would it be so shocking to hear about war on european soil ? 
  too many people here have grown up with propoganda spewn about how superior europe is to everyone else and how life here is all roses , milk and honey . 
  it was only 70 years ago that millions were slaughtering each other including industrial genocide . 
  the decades after that in the west involved brutally suppressing independence movements worldwide . 
  all in the name of freedom . 
  in the east there were similar suppression and mass murder by eastern bloc governments , except it was done at home ( eastern europe ) . 
  not to mention all the terrorism in ireland , uk , spain etc. . then after the fall of communism there were numerous wars that occurred throughout the 90 's and early 2000 's . 
  chechnya etc. . 
  there was perhaps a small decade period of peace `` at home '' after 9/11 where europeans united to go and bomb someone else in the name of freedom . 
  and now there is conflict again in ukraine , except now after a decade of propaganda people are close to losing their minds that everything they were taught about europeans ( or perhaps white people in general ) is n't true after all . 
  ** tldr ; europeans are massively deluded . 
  stop getting so shocked that there is a bloody war in europe . 
  when europe has traditionally been one of the most violent continents in history . 
  i 'd imagine back then the structure of a state was n't nearly as strong as it is now , the vast majority of people would n't even notice if they belonged to this country or that in their daily lives . 
  thems fightin ' words . 
  i like cheese in general like cheddar , edam and paneer . 
  but in terms of `` eating on its own '' i think port salut was the best tasting for me . 
  this entire country is basically made up of entitlement . 
  the problem is people basically think there is still an empire because america makes it feel like there is . 
  and even when there was an empire most brits were treated no better than anyone else anyway . 
  people here think it 's a god given right to do as they please . 
  just look at what britons do in spain or anywhere, 
  he has a point though this is probably the first time in a long time i 've even bothered to look at or read about ukraine in ages . 
  whether on reddit or media in general . 
  the whole thing is so biased and full of propoganda , the only difference is the russians at least admit their side is full of bullshit . 
  whereas you guys are all delusional, 
  viking church . 
  that 's like saying aztec church or something . 
  i dunno , it just does n't sit right with me . 
  the sad thing is the immigration is really hurting job prospects for native youth in this country . 
  it does n't help that the media constantly deride the british youth in almost every single way ( lazy , always drunk , stupid , not worth a damn ) does n't help when 35 year old immigrants with three degrees are happy to earn less than minimum wage come over whilst living in a house with 20 other people . 
  apparently this is what is called `` being a hard worker '' why would anyone hire british youth when combined with the sheer hatred and media campaign against the youth + immigration ? 
  even this subreddit , you 'll see many british people here deride the youth due to media influence . 
  there is only ambiguity because this entire country is based around the premise that it has n't been successfully invaded since 1066 . 
  repeat a lie long enough and with enough enthusiasm and it sticks . 
  just like that anything else . 
  people here have way too much ego to ever admit about 1688 . 
  it was a `` glorious revolution '' , those kinds of words are the biggest giveaways ever . 
  if you mention 1688 it 's either completely ignored ( no chance of it being taught in schools or repeating by mainstream media , even the name does n't give any clue to foreign intervention ) or like on reddit , even those who know about it will refuse and nitpick in order to satisfy their egos . 
  there is probably no country better than probably the rest of the world when it comes to shaping history . 
  whether its washing its hands of genocide by putting all blame on americans/australians etc. . or using wordplay like `` glorious revolution '' and denying that a foreign invasion ever occured . 
  any time the subject comes up on reddit you 'll have a million people denying an invasion ever occurred . 
  apparently because someone asked for it it does n't count . 
  i 'm sure there were plenty of non-germans europeans who wanted the nazis to take over and `` cleanse europe '' too but that does n't change the reality . 
  only part though . 
  the military were still under orders to resist an invasion . 
  it 's abit blurry as there was effectively a civil war , but foreign intervention in a civil war happens all the time and is always considered an invasion . 
  [ * single female lawyer , * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzedevp5a4o ) * fighting for her client , * * wearing sexy miniskirts , * * and being self-reliant *, 
  i dunno , it looks very a earthly to me . 
  just a rock you might find lying around on earth . 
  except it 's orbiting the sun instead, 
  well , they speak slavic but that might not make them `` ethnic slavs '' . 
  i remember seeing the macedonian football team playing england . 
  a lot of their players looked more like southern/south eastern europeans than eastern europeans . 
  but they all had slavic sounding names . 
  i think in the same way you have `` arab '' . 
  i 'd say most egyptians are still probably the same people that were hanging around building pyramids thousands of years ago , but ever since the arabs conquered egypt , installed islam and arabic as the language ... they consider themselves arabs . 
  even palestinians , they were probably just the jews who never left ancient israel who converted to islam and adopted the arabic language . 
  now they consider themselves arabs . 
  god british people are so embarrassing these days , sometimes i think we 're becoming more batshit insane than americans . 
  we 'll defend in the interests of public safety , security etc. . anything no matter how shitty . 
  this thread is a national embarrassment , so many britons defending this bullshit . 
  at least they got some of it correct, 
  the herald and the sun really not trying to be so subtle with their `` impartial '' coverage massive no advert ... that 's about property . 
  massive better together news story , about the royal family . 
  it 's worth noting that this is basically how the british media has acted , it would be putin smile how all our media is essentially pulling in one direction . 
  this time not with gun barrels but with simple cheques and handshakes . 
  even when they claim to be impartial you see tricks like this that show the truth . 
  how is it with the vote polling at essentially 50/50 that all media outlets are either `` neutral '' ( massive quote marks for that ) or against independence ? 
  more like it 's a rock with not much food around, 
  i suppose so . 
  ukraine is to russia what canada is to america . 
  imagine if canada had an anti-american revolution and wanted to join russia/china etc. . 
  i reckon the us would be invading pretty soon `` on behalf of freedom and democracy '' and annexing alberta because `` the people consider themselves more american than canadian '' the west would be supporting anti-revolutionary pro-american rebels whilst russia , china etc. . would be supporting the new pro-russian government . 
  we 'd take your weed away and any other kind of social progress you have made since 1945, 
  the article also says the yes vote may be under represented :  some have argued that there 's a `` missing million '' : a reawakened section of the electorate who have either never voted before , or became disillusioned with politics long ago . 
   the ` yes ' campaign believes their polling figure is underestimated because they are picking up support from this section of society in working class areas , where people generally have n't registered to vote before , do n't have a landline for phone polls , or do n't choose to take part in online polls . 
   if they 're right , it is possible the true figure of the ` yes ' side is higher than pollsters think . 
  -- although personally i do n't think yes has a chance . 
  most if not all western governments and major western corporations have spoken harshly against independence , australia has even gone as far as calling scotland an enemy of freedom . 
  there has also been a very well co-ordinated media campaign in the past week or so since one poll showed yes was leading , which woke up a slumbering machine which never took scotland as a threat . 
  there 's only so much you can do when you 're a country that 's about 5-6 million ( and less if you only count the yes campaign ) against the hundreds of millions that constitute the western nations , some of the most powerful intelligence agencies etc. . . combined with all the influence and economic clout of some of the richest entities in the world . 
  all pulling in a single , unified direction . 
  do n't get me wrong though , scotland gave the machine a scare , but all it did was just wake it up from a position of not thinking there was ever a threat at all . 
  it has all been put down with ruthless efficiency and not a drop of blood . 
  my prediction is the no vote will win by about 10 % . 
  nobody south of the border feels that disenfranchised with the current state of politics . 
  scottish independence wo n't make a single difference to me living in london , why should i be so against them leaving the country ? 
  give me a good reason outside of `` nationalism '' and `` pride '' and `` somewhere to store our nukes because we 're too afraid to do it at home '' the only reason people give a fuck in england is because it 'll hurt their `` feelings of pride and nationalism and history '',
