  it 's absurd that grexit is considered this bad . 
  aww i wanted to know what the crazy grazi had to say about the agreekment, 
  we 'll need a part iii thread for the upcoming greek political rebellion - metal greek solid iii : greek eater, 
  we 're expecting title puns all the time now . 
  thanks . 
  1000 euros , that 's like # 10 or something right . 
  fuck it , i 'll chip in . 
  it 's clear the eu does n't give a toss what people think . 
  plus the main leaders in europe know that they 'll never lose a staring contest with the smaller countries who try to pretend they have relevance on the grand stage . 
  finland threatens to do something , words are exchanged and eventually the finns back down once someone mentions russia . 
  it 's syriza hardliners vs everyone else combined . 
  i 'd be surprised if it does n't pass . 
  it 's clear greece has no plan of a grexit at any level whatsoever , they wo n't vote themselves out of it . 
  syriza itself wo n't exist in a years time . 
  either a new radical left will form or the left disintegrates like it has across most of europe, 
  if adopting the euro and the eu adopting an expansionist policy to countries that are n't ready continues i see no reason why the uk should stay in the eu . 
  and people are desperate to include ukraine in the eu , it 's just baffling, 
  i think we 've found who was creating the gregathreads, 
  well , at least the title puns was fun . 
  history has shown they have almost never been capable of making an independent decision back when they were under russian yoke and now german/american, 
  let 's be honest , these countries never had a say anyway . 
  the greeks already voted no to the old deal , which was n't even as bad as this one . 
  what is tsipras playing at ? 
  there 's no way he 'd do that , surely, 
  to me it 's classic negotiation tactics . 
  start high so that the compromise is what you originally wanted . 
  the germans do n't expect the offer to be taken up , but it serves as a starting point . 
  remember that everyone is looking to get out of this with a feeling that they 've won . 
  honestly with the kinds of strings being attached i 'm now not sure if greece will even accept a deal . 
  i think it 's clear now that both sides are looking for a way to come out of this crisis in a way that absolves them of any blame . 
  greece can say they could n't accept such a ridiculous deal , germany can say at least they tried and it 's greece 's fault . 
  maybe i 'm just getting sucked into all this , i guess when negotiating you always say something ridiculous at the start so that the final deal looks like a fair compromise , even though that 's what you wanted . 
  they should provide an ultimatum with 10 demands . 
  the austrians did it once , i read it in a book but did n't finish it but i assume it all worked out in the end, 
  the baltics will do what they 're told to do . 
  finland is the only country where domestic issues may force them to publicly want a grexit . 
  the rest are playing political theatre until the new deal , same as the old deal , gets passed . 
  my point was that finland was a country that is against any deal , but all that needs to happen is for someone to bring up russia and everyone will be rushing to give greece more money . 
  this literally might be the worst ever article someone would ever try to post on a subreddit like this . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  you 'd probably get more upvotes posting mein kampf . 
  the uk does act its size , everything we do is solely because of us unconditional support . 
  we would n't be able to do anything on the international stage without the americans . 
  that 's something i can say with confidence . 
  france is the only western country outside of the usa that can probably stand on its own two feet militarily and diplomatically . 
  i 'll also add that the falklands was a very long time ago . 
  britain does n't even have an operational carrier , and even when it does god only knows when the f-35 will be ready or even if it will live up to the hype . 
  russia can always count on using its presence to scare the west into doing something it did n't originally want to do . 
  all greece has to say is `` russia '' and germany/finland probably somehow america etc. . will be running to greece with all the euromonies in the world . 
  no gregathread final day part ii game thread ? 
  ever since the end of ww2 the europe have been at the mercy of mostly american corporations but also one or two european ones . 
  i 'm not sure how this will change anything . 
  i ca n't be bothered to protest against ttip because frankly speaking it already exists . 
  it 's the natural progression of capitalism and the world wants to go in that direction , that fight was lost in the 60 's . 
  i was under the impression that finland is he the only country that is against a deal . 
  and even then as always the eu has a way of circumventing distractions such as the objection of a nation to push forward with whatever it pleases anyway . 
  and even those countries ultimately answer to the us . 
  who answers to israel lol . 
  why does it seem like the eu always has some emergency way of subverting individual nations and democracy . 
  not that complaining about it would be popular here but , it just does n't seem right how many people are against a deal across europe and in greece yet they will still approve a deal and kick the can down the road again . 
  are n't they doing just that though ? 
  they 're basically saying yes to the old deal . 
  with spin doctors on both sides making it look like a win respectively . 
  although naturally a staring contest between greece and the eu , greece will always blink first, 
  i saw it , already commented that finland will fall in line !, 
  they 'll fall in line , they all do . 
  brinksmanship does n't work in a modern world where power is very concentrated, 
  nobody is going to risk the euro for greece . 
  greece are n't going to abandon the euro either . 
  the old deal will go through , it pretty much has already and smaller countries will step in line when merkel and obama tell then to . 
  that 's why they 're small countries . 
  is n't this story pretty much finished ? 
  it 's clear the greek government or the other eu countries were n't going to do anything except what was originally planned . 
  everything that has happened since greece has missed a payment has been pointless political theatre , i 'd almost say it was a conspiracy . 
  almost . 
  even the greeks who voted no , are now all over reddit praising the new deal which is exactly the same as the old deal . 
  likewise with europeans from the rest of the eurozone , who were angry but are how shouting hallelujah . 
  this might be one of the stupidest episodes of political theatre i 've seen in my life , chock full of greeks and other europeans being idiots . 
  let 's be honest , apart from jews and gypsies western europe did n't suffer much under nazi rule or bombing . 
  western europe was also where nazi germany found its biggest support outside of german areas . 
  the germans and various random african countries are the only people in history that have ever had anything blamed on them . 
  and now with the way the un is set up if you 're a friend of any of the permanent members nothing will happen to you . 
  the germans could do it again but this time they 've got three members ready to veto anything said to them . 
  the same way the west will always absolve israel or pakistan and itself of any crimes and genocide , so will russia and serbia etc. . 
  the entire thing was political theatre including the referendum . 
  the can has been kicked down the road for someone else to deal with . 
  that 's basically a pillar of western democracy these days . 
  it 's not the size of the room that counts , it 's the importance of elected officials representing nation states on serious financial matters nailed it . 
  good god almighty, 
  i ca n't see any country doing a deal with france/uk/eu in taking illegal migrants who refuse to state their home country . 
  the situation is clearly not as simple as it is in say , the u.s where most illegals come from a single country/route of entry to the south . 
  and occasionally some misguided lunatics from the north who think they will have a better life in the us . 
  not to mention the fact that most of these countries who export all these illegals will also refuse to take them back . 
  it 's a ridiculous situation . 
  west germany got a massive amount of help , not to mention the west basically putting a stop to prosecuting nazi officials in order to get them back to work running the country and industries . 
  both germany and japan got far more help and its former regimes were given a massive amount of amnesty compared to other countries that were occupied , like iraq for example . 
  today all the young people in the west look at the wehrmacht as one of the best things ever , and whilst islamic suicide bombers targeting western military forces are considered terrorists , the youth look at kamikaze pilots as `` badass samurais '' . 
  i think people underestimate just how much effort the west put in to stop making nazi germany and the japanese empire bad guys in terms of public opinion after the 40 's and 50 's . 
  you act like this is n't even true . 
  after the fall of communism all you see is eastern europeans doing whatever to make money and live the american life .
