  assuming solar panels become massively more efficient and economical ( almost a certainty ) . 
  well , assuming they are n't able to create miniaturised fusion reactors for every home , office , car and factory . 
  tldr ; if fusion kicks off i can see the death of every energy industry except solar . 
  and possibly solar too . 
  it 's funny how people are all for free education right up until they 've got theirs and then suddenly taxes are too high and it 's time to leave . 
  the millennial generation is no better than the boomers . 
  it 's a problem for both the socialist country and the capitalist country really . 
  let 's imagine a french person gets their subsidised degree and then complains about taxes and moves to a country where salaries are higher , like the us . 
  not only is france out of pocket but the us now is in a situation where it 's own students are racking up ridiculous unsubsidised university fees and on top of that seeing their jobs go to people who achieved a similar level of education for pennies . 
  that 's going to piss them off too . 
  in this situation neither high or low taxes is working for anyone trying to make a honest living by not hopping around the world taking advantage of everything . 
  the system is broken . 
  france is offering a subsidised lifestyle to people who then flee the country as soon as they can once they 've sucked the system dry . 
  the us is not rewarding its own people with its high salaries and low tax as now they 're also competing with people who got a free ride elsewhere and do n't have a mountain of debt to deal with . 
  well obviously they 're breaking the law , the question arises as to whether it makes sense to start shooting or killing people for this particular crime . 
  plus it 's abit silly when you get europe saying it opposes the death penalty even for mass murderers but suddenly starts saying its ok to kill people for entering a country illegally . 
  the problem is anybody who opposes killing people on the borders is immediately dismissed as someone who wants open borders for anyone to come through . 
  the old `` you 're either with us or against us '' mentality . 
  is every comment on this sub a rant against leftists and immigrants ? 
  how about the governments of so called developed nations start closing loopholes for corporations who stash billions in overseas tax havens whilst disrupting local markets , closing local businesses and only ever paying minimum wage . 
  there 's points on both arguments from the left and you right wingers but the narrative is so heavily biased against the common man or the immigrant it 's just getting ridiculous . 
  this shitty american mentality where the lesser off are to be blamed for societies ills , itself a shitty appropriation of 19th century european culture needs to die . 
  ca n't you guys just be independent . 
  what 's with eastern europe and just wanting to be satellite states . 
  not that the eu is much better but you really do n't want an american style system in place . 
  it only somewhat works in lifting people out of the worst kind of poverty but after that , in the modern era , there 's no chance of a middle class developing or a government obtaining enough money via tax ( since it all gets offloaded to the mother country or a tax haven ) . 
  people spend all their money on foreign corporations , working low-wage jobs ( like i said , only good for lifting people out of the worst of poverty ) and a tiny fraction stays within the borders . 
  you become a captive market . 
  yeah , it 's pretty obvious where you can see those who say they do n't like islam are basically trying to be pc ( in modern times ) in saying they do n't want anyone . 
  islamophobia is more often than not a veil for racism and hatred against everyone . 
  it does seem suspicious , my guess is they were n't directly a part but maybe did n't put in as much effort to stop it . 
  yeah but pizza and pasta is the yummest ... . yummiest, 
  i think eurovision has now basically become a `` white peoples singing contest '' kind of thing . 
  even the engine is developed in england . 
  war between who ? 
  you can see all the nationalists want to unite under the far right banner . 
  whether it 's trump , brexit britain , le pen , orban , erdogan , putin etc. . what it might mean is more coalition wars against smaller countries ( mainly in the middle east ) , but the western world is doing that right now . 
  the west does war regardless of whether a right wing racist is in power or a left wing socialist so it changes nothing . 
  somehow you guys will find a way to start fighting each other , then you 'll stop , team up on someone else , but then go back to fighting each other . 
  huh , i 'm surprised it is n't . 
  i kind of assumed it was . 
  i do n't think anyone is surprised . 
  modern day russia is a right wing religious nut job land , that 's why the right in the west loves them so much now . 
  why can russians only always be crazy . 
  either crazy communists or now crazy religious idiots . 
  at least the crazy communists were abit smarter i suppose . 
  `` the government pays everything for me to live n my own , why are you guys so pathetic and lazy to still live with your parents ? '', 
  if people in other countries could afford to do that they would . 
  there is some cultural aspects but it is more economics than culture . 
  probably not , she 'll likely kick the can as much as possible to not end up with that on her legacy . 
  depends on how hard the snp push for it , and how bad brexit goes down . 
  it was known that the next pm after cameron post brexit was holding the poisoned chalice . 
  but the current government is quite right wing nationalist so will likely have the intelligence services working in overdrive and pulling out all the stops to prevent it from happening . 
  simply put it would 've been impossible without allying with nazi germany . 
  western allies , which for the most part consisted of only britain , was not the kind of force suited for massive horrific land battles . 
  north africa and italy was only able to happen because the germans focused so much on the eastern front . 
  and if the nazis did n't invade the soviet union and instead focused those massive armies in north africa they would 've taken the entire middle east in a heartbeat and basically put britain in a very , very dire situation . 
  the ussr was probably the only place in the world that could stand up to the full unshackled might of the german army . 
  but without them , even if an amphibious landing like torch or normandy was to take place to gain a foothold on the main landmass there 's no way , unless britain and the us would be willing to put a truly monumental force in place , that the germans would be defeated in a straight up single front land war by western allies . 
  and then ask yourself if britain and the us would accept eastern front style casualties and war for land which is n't even home . 
  ww2 was a very bad dream for britain but ww1 remains the nightmare . 
  appeasement was popular for a reason . 
  even after the war , even with one or two nukes ... 
  the sheer size of the red army meant any war between the much smaller allied forces would 've likely been a disaster . 
  the western allies would be making the same mistake everyone else made in history by trying to invade russia . 
  and unless you 're the 13th century mongols there 's two things you never really try to do , invade mainland china and invade russia . 
  their was no way eastern europe would not be occupied by either nazi germany or the soviet union ... 
  ultimately the only scenario i can think of is one where nazi germany does n't exist . 
  this looks like like the city was in continual decline for hundreds of years , and it is in fact after it was conquered that there is a huge spike ? 
  keep this away from the rest of reddit , anything i 've learnt about electric cars on this website is that people get super offended at the idea that tesla has any competition or that other electric cars are even in the same league as tesla . 
  that 's what they all say . 
  you all cheer for a coup , i do n't agree with or like erdogan but it is what it is . 
  you guys have some serious issues when it comes to democracy . 
  i see so much support for the far right on reddit and when they make gains people say respect democracy . 
  but then the rule is flipped completely over when it comes to other countries where everyone suddenly says democracy is a sham , start a civil war and go for a coup . 
  this is why you have no moral authority to say anything to anyone . 
  hardly . 
  the internet and media goes into orgasm at the likes of trump or brexit . 
  of course suddenly it 's unacceptable if a country like turkey elects its own right wing dickhead . 
  you 're all hypocrites , supporting another coup . 
  and then you cry when these islamist fuckers blow up your family in some dumb fucking terror attack . 
  when europe elects shitty right wing governments = fantastic when the muslim world elects shitty right wing governments = get rid of them the clash of civilisations in a nutshell . 
  democracy is a sham . 
  if a coup is acceptable in turkey a coup is acceptable in the uk despite the public voting brexit . 
  except you all know it is n't . 
  accept the shitty democracy or die . 
  one of the more interesting aspects is that even white british people are being targeted . 
  it seems like white people are attacking each other accusing one and other of being a foreigner . 
  crazy times . 
  whilst no doubt the main targets are eastern europeans and non whites you 're also getting loads of abuse directed at western europeans ( i.e germans , french , swedes ) etc and ` native ' white british . 
  it 's just mental on so many levels . 
  expect a massive amount of denial for a very long time . 
  same as iraq really , it took years and years for the mainstream right to realise it was wrong and the far right only very recently when isis starts flooding the world with refugees, 
  it 's only been like a day and a half and it seems brexit figures are backpeddling on numerous things . 
  a bunch if imbeciles who decided to hop on a fucking populist train with no actual plan and now that they 've won they have no fucking clue what to do . 
  well , i ca n't blame them . 
  they 're politicians , and the working classes and britain were hoodwinked in the most classical of fashions by politicians . 
  you did n't vote out the establishment , you just ushered in another one that arguably gives even less of a shit about anything . 
  in the end i wo n't be surprised if we end up with a norway style deal that still has the single market + free movement . 
  in other words almost the exact same scenario except now we do n't even have a voice in the european parliament .
