  this is probably the reaction . 
  it amazes me how countries in this day and age can have such disdain for its own minorities , not even immigrants but it 's own minorities . 
  imagine the shitstorm if the uk banned welsh in wales , or scottish and tried to basically eradicate them like so many other countries do with their established historical minorities . 
  the kurds have always had it the worst though , getting fucked four ways by iraq , iran , syria and turkey . 
  24 hour trains ( london underground ) better weather less traffic, 
  enough with the brackets , ca n't even understand what you 're trying ( to ) say ( expletive ) and the proof is everywhere . 
  just look at the comments on the major subreddits like this thread is saying . 
  because it 's true . 
  either way even when people make genuine light hearted comments or banter you get all pissy so i might as well say that shit . 
  go fuck yourselves and get shot . 
  this website has been taken over by the 30-something americans from their mainstream society . 
  think the people that voted for bush . 
  that 's why there 's been a massive increase in xenophobia , general racism ( especially towards non-whites ) and generally asshole behaviour . 
  then they play on the fact that they 're all just a minority surrounded by heathen atheist liberal college educated younglings when in reality they are by far the majority . 
  you ca n't say anything about america without being told `` omg anti-american circlejerk '' but they can say whatever they want about anyone and if you complain it 's downvotes and the fuckers telling you to `` lighten up , it 's just a joke '' and `` steriotypes exist for a reason '' fuck them , they can all get shot by some crazy man . 
  i ca n't stand these fuckers who think they have a right to say what they want about anyone but then get so upset when anything is said in return . 
  and it 's vastly , vastly americans who are like that . 
  they are fucking bitches . 
  yeah but dictators do the same shit too . 
  hold an election , they easily win it , and people just say `` well if he lost i 'm sure he would have resigned '' . 
  it 's kind of pointless even saying stuff like that , he was never going to lose . 
  just that we have different methods in the west compared to a typical dictator . 
  instead of outright fraud it 's just massive co-ordinated manipulation using the media . 
  like i said , look at australia . 
  really the country is no different to a tin pot banana republic . 
  yeah but could you imagine the elections being free , fair and independent ? 
  somehow i do n't think so . 
  i wo n't say there will be fraud but the battle is so lopsided . 
  in the case of scotland they 'll be going up against all the english based media . 
  all major political parties in england . 
  the bbc will go into overdrive . 
  you 'll be having a massive amount of money and influence on one side and very little on the other . 
  if that was any other country the un would label it as unfair and state controlled and manipulated . 
  but nobody says it in the west because everyone thinks their shit do n't stink . 
  there is no such thing as a free and fair election . 
  all one has to do is drown the airwaves with cash and get all the media on your side and you 've won the battle . 
  just look at australia . 
  fair election with rupert controlling all the media and them working overtime for abott ? 
  a massive co-ordinated campaign of disinformation that destroys the opposition , manipulates public opinion and does n't give anyone any hope or real choice . 
  if australia was n't a western country the un and western media would be throwing up a shitstorm about unfair elections . 
  fair elections my fucking arse . 
  when one side controls all the information , the narrative and the broadcasting outlets you ca n't have a fucking fair election . 
  it 's a sham . 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  uk or france would veto it . 
  or all the powers even . 
  all the unsc powers have their own secession problems and nobody wants to see countries peacefully seceding as they 're afraid it 'll give others ideas , the only way it happens it through war . 
  and even then if the unsc feels like it they 'll veto it like they did for all of africa in order to keep things unstable and prevent self determination . 
  apart from a few cases here and there , where genocide and brutal warfare has occurred like yugoslavia and sudan . 
  the un do n't give a shit about self determination . 
  not to mention the amount of propoganda spewed out . 
  if you look at / r/unitedkingdom anyone that dares speak about scottish independence is usually dismissed and downvoted and called an idiot . 
  people are afraid , very afraid . 
  i 'm pretty sure the same thing probably occurs here regarding spain . 
  one thing about reddit is that it 's fiercely anti-secessionist for anything . 
  note how much hate quebecers get . 
  or scottish people that want independence and do n't bow to the monarchy . 
  catalonians . 
  cascadia the other day was being insulted to no end . 
  southern us/texas etc. . is maybe different as they get a ton of sympathy from the far right community . 
  chechens when the boston bombings happened . 
  tibetans are also insulted massively and called barbaric people that deserve to be destroyed by the chinese . 
  you see the top posts on reddit all the time insulting people that want self determination . 
  people just want things to stay the same forever . 
  there are simply too many powers involved for countries to just secede peacefully . 
  it wo n't happen in catalonia and it wo n't happen in scotland . 
  nonsense , this place is as american as fucking mcdonalds and coke . 
  and it 's only getting worse . 
  he might be a tad over qualified, 
  hang on there mate , we have n't scrapped the human rights act yet . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's illegal, 
  this is the dumbest post ever upvoted on this subreddit . 
  every day everyone is praising eastern europe for basically outright saying europe should be strictly white . 
  it 's not even become a muslim thing anymore , people are shitting on anyone in europe who 's not white regardless of race . 
  or whether they immigrated 10 days or 30 years ago . 
  or were born here . 
  do you know why nobody immigrates to eastern europe ? 
  because you guys were first fucking nazis , and then you were fucking communists , and now you 're fucking nazis again . 
  i meant the only downside of seeing vw getting punished . 
  i 'm pretty sure / r/europe will blame this on immigrants . 
  you know , if vw was still employing * real germans * like they did back during their glorious birth years they 'd never do anything evil . 
  possibly , the u.s tends to not let foreign companies piss around as much as their own though . 
  as much as america does n't give a fuck about the environment and loves to shit on anyone that tries to improve things , they 'll probably go for the jugular on a scary foreign corporation . 
  not that i 'm going to defend vw for frankly , absurd and downright evil business practices . 
  now we just have to see if everyone else was doing the same . 
  the only downside to this is the possibility of this scuppering any chance of vw entering formula one within the next few years ... 
  i do find it funny an american is saying that , it feels like most of the white ` native all american ' people in your country are against all of that . 
  i doubt it , those former communist crazies are now religious american style crazies . 
  i just think they 're crazy regardless of ideology or religion . 
  much like afghans , i bet afghanistan was still a tribal shithole even when they were buddhists . 
  most of this sub thinks that 's what refugees do here too !, 
  so you do n't get it then ? 
  this subreddit bitches at british people every day for having a loud minority who hate eastern european immigration . 
  and now these same people are labelled as heroes for defending their countries despite half of them not even living there anymore ? 
  i bet most of the eastern europeans on this sub do n't even live in their home countries . 
  my point is to some polaks are as foreign as anyone else , you guys have this race based system that the nazis thought up of that 's also wrong, 
  one mans terrorist is another mans freedom fighter ? 
  most people in the west despise environmentalists unless it gives them an excuse to be racist . 
  so murdering green peace is fine when they 're bothering the west but it 's always good to talk about how barbaric the chinese or japanese are with regards to the environment . 
  most french , and most of the nazis on this sub probably look at this terrorist attack with pride like large sections of muslims do with their attacks .
