  now the attitude is spreading to europe , where people complain if they 're criticised for openly saying `` no blacks '' or something . 
  suddenly it 's political correctness gone extreme if you get criticised for making such statements . 
  it 's like how white people on the big subreddits will call anyone a sjw or a hippie if you 're left of adolf hitler . 
  everything in this country that is n't a ukip/tabloid talking point is considered political correctness . 
  it 's a highly effective term by the right used to downplay everything as `` liberal nonsense '' . 
  you see it all the time on reddit . 
  plus i 've noticed how much our media , government and your average `` no nonsense , i 'm not pc '' bloke on the street tends to big up china and its `` common sense '' policy of censorship , internet firewalls , cut throat capitalism and general fuckery . 
  the uk establishment and the punter on the street seem to have very favourable opinions on china . 
  people here think japan is past its sell by date . 
  nobody here on the streets or in the media likes anyone from a brown or black country anymore . 
  india for example seems to be hated even more than is the way the media write about them over here , left and right wing alike . 
  outside of the western world i think china is the only country the establishment and average person does n't outright hate . 
  a lot of shit happening in the uk . 
  people are longing for the kind of homogeneous and strict society that china portrays to the rest of the world . 
  with a `` no nonsense '' attitude towards economic development at all costs . 
  i do n't agree with any of it , but that 's what british society is . 
  people in this country do n't know how to just be normal drunk . 
  it 's always either aggressive drunk or coma drunk . 
  same shit different year . 
  the beginning of 2016 will be a continuation of 2015 , with a slow but steady progression to 2017 near the end of the year . 
  lol, 
  without a fight ? 
  those are fightin ' words, 
  was n't there a series of [ horrific crusades ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_crusades ) in the baltic region that converted them to christianity ? 
  come to think of it you never hear of space discoveries or scientific progress from russia , even though they have such a large industry and are single handedly keeping the iss inhabited . 
  seems like most of their space programme is devoted for military purposes or using soyuz/progress for iss missions . 
  not to downplay how incredibly reliable and successful the soyuz programme is . 
  you hear about chinese moon rovers , indian mars satellites , japanese venus satellites ... but things are oddly quiet for russia on that side of space exploration . 
  you never know how alone you really are . 
  headlights are more for being seen rather than to see yourself . 
  plus wildlife , i imagine the lights help them get out of the way too . 
  sometimes ... 
  like the other guy said , for the dutch their country would be underwater and millions dead if they did n't take it seriously . 
  it 's their number one priority . 
  the uk is in an awkward middle ground where it 's not a big enough threat to transform the nation like the dutch did but also not infrequent enough to not give a shit about like saudi arabia or something . 
  the weather here just does n't have enough consistency to dedicate the resources to fighting against . 
  in that regards it 's not extreme weather that kills , the dutch have shown it 's possible to live under sea level in a swamp , it 's just the unreliability of it all that causes the issues . 
  it 's easy to live in an area with crazy weather and natural features if it 's so regular as you can simply adapt to it . 
  it becomes controllable and manageable . 
  i can imagine him having his own shaman office , where people bring offerings and sacrifices to predict the yearly harvest, 
  they 're like weird elves ... just nod politely and assume nothing, 
  no there was a little ice age that ended in the 18th or 19th century . 
  london used to have ice parties on the frozen thames . 
  now the thames never freezes . 
  i 'm not entirely sure , i think it 's a combination of a british colonial ideology which would have naturally favoured islam which was more `` familiar '' , and the continuation of this policy by a very judeo-christian american ( and they still are ) establishment . 
  both muslims and christians see hindus as one of the last `` unconverted '' and `` pagan '' societies of the world . 
  whereas europe and the middle east dumped their native religions in favour of new abrahamic faiths based on judaism , whereas much of colonised asia converted to islam or christianity ( indonesia , south vietnam , south korea ) it seemed hinduism was always the holdout and was never truly finished off . 
  so naturally , atheist states like the soviet union were going to be far more friendly . 
  and were also going to find more friends from religions outside of the abrahamic ones . 
  there was ( is ? ), 
  simply too much religious fundamentalism in the west , partly because of how staunchly atheist the ussr was so people had to compensate . 
  in an arena where you make friends with someone who believes in the same god as you , or someone who believes in no god or an entire pantheon which goes against everything you believe in , you can see why the rift between christianity/islam and atheism/hinduism ( and other eastern religions ) was created . 
  western historians and anthropologists might say otherwise in an attempt to whitewash the past and feign intellectualism , but imo religion is the biggest factor . 
  in the 70 's the west was pretty much ready to go to war with india in favour of pakistan . 
  whilst pakistan was committing brutal genocide against hindus in bangladesh . 
  the us and uk sent warships and were about to start a fight with the indian navy/air force to protect pakistan , but the soviets got ahead and produced a show of force which made the warships think twice . 
  in the end pakistan lost sans western/chinese intervention and bangladesh becomes an independent nation , and it took 9/11 and all the islamic extremism stuff for relations to be a tiny bit restored between the west and india . 
  otherwise it was pretty much russia all the way . 
  it was one of those times in the cold war where it 's clear cut who was in the wrong , and one of those times where you 'll get the usual suspects in the west saying `` it was cold war politics , the genocide does n't count '' if they even have any knowledge of the situation . 
  the main problem is that the west will always favour islamic extremism over ties with russia or india . 
  even with all the shit going on . 
  russia due to political and ideological issues . 
  india because the traditionally christian west , the upper class establishments and media , will always see hinduism as far more heretical than even the most extreme forms of islam . 
  just look at the bbc . 
  no , nobody even cares that much about russia . 
  all the comments are blaming immigrants for everything . 
  russia was a convenient excuse to blame for everything for a few months when ukraine really was kicking off , but it 's far simpler to just blame immigrants . 
  got ta blame someone . 
  even the poles , who literally nobody wants to immigrate to , vote in a right wing party who start doing all sorts of dodgy things and people are like `` well , it 's the immigrants see '', 
  it 's either large scale public housing or slums . 
  i 'll take the apartments , although i agree that the brutalist architecture has had its day . 
  it 's widely accepted most international courts and justice systems only do anything to african leaders . 
  if you 're not african , if you are a close ally of the west or russia you 're ok . that 's basically international politics in a nutshell . 
  cos i do n't want people making lame comments about being butthurt or sour grapes . 
   the idea of having 2 rounds of elections is to give people a chance to vote for smaller parties without feeling like they are `` wasting '' their vote on someone who has no chance of outright winning . 
  so in the first round they can vote for their most preferred candidate and if they are dropped by the 2nd round they can vote for their next preferred . 
  it still feels like voting for a smaller party is wasted because they 'll never progress to the next round ? 
  maybe it does n't matter so much if it 's a presidential style election but if it 's for seats it still does n't seem too fair . 
  the downvotes indicate some people ca n't detect sarcasm lol , but yes what you said is also true . 
  someone explain how the voting system works , i feel like these multiple round style elections do n't necessarily cause the most representative governments . 
  it feels like the other extreme to first past the post . 
  i 'm not an fn supporter , far from it , but i 'm wondering about the fairness of it all . 
  you guys simultaneously bankroll the liberals who let in refugees , the muslim terrorists , and the right wing nazis . 
  it 's so obvious !, 
  that happens everywhere . 
  i guess it 's all good , because the government has promised to stop all of the one or two people in the world who wanted to immigrate to poland by being tough on immigration . 
  that 's what single issue voting gets for you . 
  damn maybe you guys are n't as stupid as you look . 
  although it 's a good cartoon the propaganda is painfully obvious . 
  turkey is part of nato so they wo n't be shooting down nato planes ... 
  there 's no way that 's a coincidence , i doubt they are generating enough random sequences for something like that to occur completely at random . 
  depends on how . 
  the west needs to make amends with russia and iran and present a united front or they will never be defeated . 
  but that will never happen , no matter how many terrorist attacks occur the political reality is that russia and iran are always seen as the bigger enemy . 
  until the west can start to look at alternatives to supporting gulf arab states ( currently impossible because oil and defence deals ) and not see russian/iranian influence as a threat then is will continue to exploit the division . 
  the main problem is the money from gulf arab states to be honest . 
  it 's not like muslims in europe or their home countries are particularly wealthy . 
  so where 's all the money coming from to fund all this ideology ? 
  it costs money to run operations like this . 
  most of which comes from gulf arab kingdoms , cos the rest of the muslim world is dirt poor anyway .
