  so perhaps it 's time for people to get off their high horses and realise they are no better . 
  people thought europe changed after two wars devastated the continent , and thousands of years of intermittent warfare before that . 
  people only lied to themselves and hid the truth . 
  give anyone that sense of warfare and nationalism and all the old hallmarks start showing up again . 
  depends . 
  if it 's a one off , or for some occasion ( people staying over for some special reason ) then it is n't weird imo . 
  if it 's kind of just like a normal thing then it probably is . 
  ah it 's ok on / r/europe , they are basically the same subreddits i even giggle any time i see poland, 
  danes = danskjavlars norway = oil money ( except unlike most other countries the oil money is actually helping the nation rather than turning a select billionaires into multi billionaires ) sweden = decent place , volvo , ikea all my knowledge has come from / r/polandball and from what i have learnt all danes are evil and all swedes are the best , and i have no reason to not believe swedish propaganda plus they 're giraffe murderers . 
  i do n't think i 've ever actually met any of them in person though . 
  screw kingsday , bring back the dutch republic . 
  they were a republic before they were an independent monarchy , and i bet their monarchs are german too ... 
  depends . 
  if someone makes it for poland or sweden or something . 
  it 'll get upvoted and commented on . 
  if someone says russia or turkey or serbia there will probably be mass downvoting and insults for `` making another thread '', 
  even on this forum you have right wing populism and make anti-russia remarks and anything you say will be seen as gospel . 
  berlusconi simply speaks for modern europe . 
  new fascism and the new german empire . 
  just see the downvotes and upvotes on this news on this subreddt , the majority here will try to bury this . 
  britain , egypt and many other countries still claim ancient history as part of its culture and heritage , despite being very different in modern days . 
  for examwhilst egypt considers themselves a arab country they also take ancient egypt as part of their history and culture . 
  england still says the ancient celtic and pre celtic culture is part of history etc even if the country identifies as anglo saxon nowadays . 
  invaders come and go , cultures change but for the most part the people remained the same . 
  unlike the americas , especially north america where invaders came , destroyed the population and then moved another one and was completely separate, 
  macedonians might be slavs in the same way egyptians are arabs or english are germanic . 
  there 's still an unbroken lineage from the old days even if the cultures and identities changed . 
  it 's very rare in history to have the genocide and population replacement that you got in the americas and australia/new zealand, 
  or would it be like britain taking credit for stonehenge despite anglo saxon and norman invasions and the old culture being completely replaced . 
  modern day macedonians are slavic but maybe they see themselves like britain or egypt in that there is still an unbroken lineage from the old days , even if huge shifts occurred, 
  i read the roma were a warrior caste who fled india after the muslims took over in the north, 
  they were only trying to integrate into the local culture, 
  to be fair at least the germans feel remorse and regret for their past actions , i think britain still sort of celebrates it 's past good or bad with little regret , but the entire world is like that except germany, 
  i think latin sounds cool , especially in a roman empire/republic context . 
  finnish too because it 's so weird . 
  with a lisp, 
  i bet they are . 
  france are laughing all the way with their nuclear energy whilst other european countries are fumbling around in the dark messing about with russians and the middle east etc. . at best having to end up dealing with americans . 
  they took matters into their own hands and it has worked out for them . 
  there 's circlejerking everywhere . 
  this subreddit is a huge circlejerk too . 
  does that mean you 're all trolls ? 
  the fact that anything that is n't your view is immediately outed as propaganda or fake or whatever proves how scary and delusional the mindset really is . 
  this coming from the side that preaches moral superiority when at best you are really no better than the russians is what 's really annoying . 
  i 've never understood the usage of the word troll on this subreddit . 
  is someone a troll just because they say something you do n't like . 
  i mean , the word troll is becoming as useless as the word terrorist . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i 'm just saying the cold hard truth . 
  the turks are simply following the trend everyone has followed throughout history including the west , ( except germany ) maybe the armenians are abit lucky as they are christians so their calls are n't going completely unheard of outside of armenia . 
  that 's another cold truth of the state of the world . 
  everybody knows britons are exempt from laws of other countries . 
  except usa , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  there 's still a massive colonial and supremacist mentality amongst britons who travel and especially in the media . 
  some governments and nations will never apologise for past crimes . 
  the common thought in britain and usa is `` why should we apologise for something we have n't done '' i guess it makes some sense , but the turks probably say the same crap . 
  if anything germany is by far the huge historical outlier when it comes to apologies and regret . 
  it 's not the norm to do and say what they do . 
  do you see any regional parties in the us ? 
  two parties . 
  both pretty much the same side of the coin . 
  do n't act like it is some diverse entity from any political or government standpoint . 
  nothing like europe . 
  at all . 
  my personal opinion is that neither europe nor india will ever be a superpower compared to the ussr/usa/prc . 
  simply too diverse from a cultural , linguistic , religious and ethnic standpoint . 
  you will never have the nationalism of ` europe ' overriding the individual identities that comprise of the eu . 
  only similar goals and a similar cultural heritage . 
  but unless one group overrides the others and all cultures get assimilated into one it 'll never be a strong entity . 
  you need to have a very fascist or authoritarian style mindset for this to happen . 
  you compare it to the us . 
  where no matter how much they try to say otherwise there is still pretty much one culture , one language and one mindset . 
  especially from a political standpoint . 
  russia , russian language and identity was by far the most dominant in the ussr and it was for all intents and purposes a russian empire , tsarist and soviet policies destroyed lots of its regionalism and modern russia is still mostly homogeneous . 
  china is like 90 % han chinese speaking mandarin and its communist revolution destroyed most of its regionalism . 
  all these three countries have managed to essentially destroy diversity and replace it with a single homogeneous culture . 
  at most larger more diverse entities can become economic powers . 
  you underestimate how much love the internet has for doge !, 
  edit : for those who do n't get the reference . 
  [ doge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doge_of_venice ) is the term the venice republic used for leader . 
  as long as russia and the us is there , yes . 
  there will always be a western and eastern europe . 
  the boundaries might shift . 
  maybe one day people might not even look at russia as european and definitions will change to suit political opinions . 
  i know most people here ca n't wait for the day when the russians finally bow down and do whatever germany/britain/usa tell them to do like the rest of eastern europe but i think they 're too independent , and therefore hostile for that to happen . 
  even if they have accepted western style market economics , capitalism , religious conservatism etc. . they just seem to want to do those things on their own terms . 
  it 's true . 
  i think there are loads of valid criticisms about islam and the trends in europe . 
  but more often than not they are used as a sort of springboard into all kinds of other things . 
  it quickly develops into basically crazy far right nationalism , fascism where suddenly it 's not just muslims but pretty much everyone that does n't fit their very tiny definition of what is acceptable . 
  gays . 
  anyone that is n't white , and then only a certain kind of white based on whatever region . 
  other political issues get involved . 
  it 's the same shit everywhere , even with the extreme muslims . 
  first it 's anyone that is n't muslim . 
  then you go past that and it devolves into sectarian muslim conflict . 
  then you go past that and you get your individual ethno-linguistic identities , you see that in syria , iraq , afghanistan/pakistan . 
  it just goes on forever . 
  people who are usually really angry about something , will always be really angry about * something * . 
  the whole nonsense about `` freedom is n't free '' and all that crap .
