  they have already been provoked . 
  too many yanks on r soccer , i got banned for making lewd comments at all the american arsenal fans, 
  lol @ ireland and `` new colorado '' always will be just a rectangle, 
  kebab shops are usually the only shops open at night after bars and clubs close . 
  personally they are overrated . 
  give me a good hot dog stand over kebabs . 
  these guys seem too right wing and conservative . 
  i would bet on russian empire rather than ussr, 
  but they 're a muslim country !, 
  they 've always been the only western european country to have the balls to stand up to the us since the end of ww2 . 
  they 're just continuing a trend of being an independent country since then , mostly , or at least relatively . 
  of course the rebuttal being from all other europeans and english speaking peoples is that france got beat badly in ww2 so they ca n't say anything and must do everything america says . 
  probably more like france does n't care enough about all the nonsense between the us ( and its proxy european countries ) and russia , and just wants to make money . 
  i wonder if we will do it in ireland ? 
  or saudi arabia . 
  it 's just a move designed to be provocative , even if i agree with the idea personally it 's clear this has nothing to do with the issue at all and is just being antagonistic for the sake of it . 
  it 's a shame that the only options inevitably seem to be join/become a federal super state or leave . 
  how far the eu has fallen from its original goals . 
  aside from economics and trade i do n't see why the eu needs to integrate further . 
  if it 's because of big scary russia then that is what nato is for . 
  just sad that yet again europeans are being misled by those who use tactics of fear to achieve their wider imperial ambitions . 
  the continent will never change . 
  plenty of other countries are just as much the bitch of america including germany . 
  the eu will never be independent of the usa, 
  not to mention that everyone in this thread is almost outright denying that an air strike even took place . 
  just shows how sad the world can get , even people who call themselves enlightened europeans or freedom loving americans can be as barbaric as anyone else . 
  to be fair it is kinda the eu 's fault , what with destabalising libya and getting rid of gaddafi . 
  allowing for libya to become a transit haven . 
  i 'm not sure where you think that countries like italy or spain have `` open borders '' . 
  or the uk . 
  it 's only easy for eu immigrants , otherwise immigrating to the eu , especially illegally is far from `` open border '' . 
  the thing is it does n't really matter considering the head of state in many countries is just a figurehead with no real power there are countries which have a president who is merely a figurehead , does n't change anything . 
   welsh pubs will be allowed to stay open late at night to show england 's world cup matches so everyone can stay up late to boo ? 
  lol, 
  even the most liberal of britons seem to have a hard on for monarchy . 
  probably will change once charles becomes king though . 
  where have i heard that before ... 
  as much as i hate ukip maybe one good thing from their popularity will be a revisit to voter reform . 
  they will be going like mad for it now . 
  i remember reading that new russia is from the old russia , which called that area the new russia as it was recently conquered from the ottomans or tatars . 
  i do n't think that area was ever ukrainian or russian in the traditional sense . 
  only before the mongol invasions when neither separate russia or ukraine actually existed in recognisable forms . 
  finally getting some real answers, 
  so what exactly happens in belgium when no government is formed ? 
  who ... does ... things ? 
  clearly the country does n't dissolve into somalia when there is no government so i would imagine it 's not a big deal . 
  at this point it 's like saying would you support an independent native american country in us/canada . 
  or aboriginal/maori in aus/nz . 
  or an independent palestine . 
  the tatars in tatarstan have been displaced by russians to a very large extent that they are fragmented and essentially living in reservations , to be looked at as a novelty minority in their traditional lands . 
  i do n't think there 's much of a hope for them . 
  i guess because it 's easier to control many puppets with a single string rather than individually . 
  speaking out against the us in the eu is useless compared to individual countries . 
  especially when countries like poland and the uk will block everything that tries to diminish american influence . 
  it was either that or have american bases all along the ukraine border . 
  i can see why he did what he did . 
  eventually the russians had to do something to stop the encroachment . 
  just like the us would do something ( and always will ) if russia made gains in the americas . 
  the eu will always be under the thumb of the us . 
  the only way to not be is for countries to be more independent . 
  brussels will always be under the thumb of the us . 
  only unfortunate thing is anti-eu parties like ukip are in love with the far right style of american politics . 
  so for the uk there will never be a time where it wo n't be the 51st state . 
  unless puerto rico joins . 
  then we will be the 52nd state . 
  hey , do n't be so hard on your democracy . 
  you guys base your votes on cold hard issues . 
  like what kind of beer does he like . 
  and does his make up make him look good on tv . 
  this is how i wish the media portrayed the election . 
  turnout was abysmal . 
  turnout for european elections are a joke , if the eu commands no respect then perhaps the institutions need to do some soul searching . 
  not surprised the crazy parties with determined vote banks are succeeding in this climate . 
  i do n't understand how sea level rise will also mean lakes will rise . 
  unless the sea can spill over into a lake , which does n't seem to be the case for aral/caspian lakes, 
  i think a eurosceptic party/coalition would be the equivalent of the modern ( 2008 onwards ) republican party in the us . 
  their only job would be to make sure nothing ever gets done in parliament and block everything and anything to prove that the institution is useless . 
  i do n't think kievan rus and moscow rus were powerful entires at the same time . 
  kievan rus was a much older entity before there were identities of russian and ukrainian etc. . it was largely destroyed by the mongols . 
  and only a long time after did moscow , under the mongols , become a powerful entity that eventually grew to modern russia . 
  that 's what i have read anyway . 
  wow , really shocked . 
  this is an outrage !, 
  ... surprised they 're not using st. petersburg !, 
  i 've said this many times , germany is the exception ( mostly ) . 
  not the norm . 
  is poland going to apologise for its crimes in the past , it does n't exactly have a clean history either . 
  britain does n't . 
  america does n't . 
  hardly any country really does , especially in europe . 
  russia might be more extreme in that many glorify their history but even britain has those people , just that it is often hidden behind humour and is shaped in a much more clever , subtle way . 
  france glorifies napoleon . 
  britain glorifies its past empire . 
  northern europeans look back on the viking days with love . 
  the list can go on . 
  i think some perspective is required . 
  it seems many want to condemn russia for really not being that much different , but then again that 's basically what nationalism and far right attitudes are all about . 
  do as i say . 
  not as i do . 
   so no , its not hypocritical or ironic .
