  i just find it ridiculous we 're in some slinging match where we are pretending to be better or that this is some black/white good/bad scenario . 
  oh whatever . 
  this subreddit has been full with idiots who want to act tough and want full scale war with russia . 
  even people getting upvoted for talking about travelling to ukraine to fight against russia . 
  their own true blue european jihad going to a far flung country to fight the good fight in order to establish a larger caliphate , sound familiar ? 
  i dunno , i feel like the russians have some grievances that are legitimate . 
  as do pro-eu ukrainians . 
  so for me , to side completely with the ukrainian government is wrong . 
  they are not saints themselves . 
  the only people who want war are americans and eastern europeans who ca n't wait to get `` revenge '' and start killing russkies and finally get their war . 
  all i see everyday is dumb comments from polaks and baltics about how russia needs to be nuked from orbit and how america + eu needs to send its entire military to eastern europe and initiate barbarossa 2.0, 
  no need to , that 's what nato is for . 
  although frankly i hope if poland and baltics want to go to war with russia and drag nato in there they provide 90 % of the effort . 
  for the first five minutes . 
  until everything goes to shit . 
  with icbm 's . 
  russia invaded ukraine because they are non nato . 
  i 'd be surprised if russia invaded a nato country . 
  there are probably tonnes of special forces and cia types and mercenaries ( sorry pmc 's ) in ukraine , the west is far better at keeping things covert then russia . 
  always has been actually . 
  and instead of violently breaking down doors and arresting people for all of the dashcams to videotape , the media simply labels anyone as a `` crackpot conspiracy theorist '' until 50 years later when it 's found out to be true and everyone shrugs their shoulders !, 
  most people here tend to make excuses for britain when it comes to the environment , even denmark got a tonne of excuses around the west and sympathy for killing those giraffes . 
  but if something like that is done in china or africa or whatever then it 's an easy excuse to become a racist and feel superior about how `` barbarians '' treat cute animals . 
  even the environmental movement has massive amounts of your typical suburban racism . 
  see also how australians look at japanese whaling and how `` international '' courts rule in favour of australia , yet do nothing about their own environmental destruction and exploitation . 
  people also think the only acceptable animals to eat is pig/cow/lamb / chicken/fish and anything else is barbaric ( especially cats and dogs ) but then get upset at muslims or jews who do n't eat pork , or find it crazy that hindus do n't eat beef . 
  and let 's not get started on the whole treatment of vegetarians or vegans in mainstream western society . 
  i bet the italians are hoping for bunga to erupt, 
  in soviet russia , aid takes you !, 
  surprised and probably glad there is n't anyone saying `` neville chamberlain lolz '' people do n't realise that it was widely celebrated when he was going for appeasement , the anti-war mentality was strong and the horrors of ww1 were still relatively fresh . 
  it was n't just him , it was pretty much the entire country that wanted appeasement through the 30 's . 
  so you ca n't really blame him . 
  us does n't need to create states , it just needs to effectively have countries as states but without any real power or influence . 
  so it 's even better than a state . 
  more like a colonial entity . 
  when was the last time a european country truly defied the us , every issue from snowden to israel has everyone being whipped into line . 
  anything like privacy has governments performing theatre , faking disappointment at the us , to placate the public ( again , the best way of maintaining control ) . 
  if anything there is more dissent within the us ( location depending on whether democrats or republicans are in charge ) than there is from us allies . 
  especially the former soviet eastern european countries , not a surprise seeing as they have a long history of servitude to bigger powers anyway . 
  besides russia will never invade a nato country much like the west stayed out of ( invading ) syria due to how close they are to russia , the two countries are still wary of going over the line . 
  there are still countries out there that the west wo n't invade , and that russia wo n't invade . 
  not saying it 's ok , but people need to stop pretending russia is the only country that has ever gone to war . 
  especially these oh so innocent former soviet states that have followed the us around sending soldiers wherever they please now all of a sudden are scared of russia . 
  i do n't see it as any different as to how it is here . 
  does the west not go on constant wars ? 
  does the west not have a massive amount of control on the media ? 
  the only difference is we do it in a much better , more subtle way , by giving the illusion that there 's freedom and choice . 
  the reality is we do as much to discredit what is deemed dissent as anywhere else . 
  your own country is also involved in crimes that the west commits , you even talked about how happy you are a cyber security building exists in your country , one that is no doubt used to control and censor and invade privacy . 
  and you 're fine with that because you somehow think you 're a good guy . 
  my problem is everyone thinking they 're so much better than the other guy . 
  the eastern european countries are probably far more guilty of war crimes over the past decade or so than russia has been , by virtue of basically joining to the hip of the rest of the western world . 
  nobody wants to admit or take responsibility for it though . 
  everyone is just more interested in continuously thinking it 's all for the greater good . 
  to be fair , it 's not like everyone here is n't spreading anti russian propaganda . 
  this entire sub is off the rails , i hardly even visit it any more . 
  how dare those filthy norwegians build their roads on reindeer territory !, 
  it 's their fault , they 're savages !, 
  what ? 
  that 's what everyone says about african and asian countries ... 
  i hate those stupid articulated bendy buses . 
  what 's the point , they just take up a massive amount of road space which is already limited . 
  at least double deckers make sense . 
  we are the same political entity , the rest is just make belief, 
  the west has invaded like more than four countries over the past decade or so and has destabilised a shit tonne of regions and caused hundreds of thousands of deaths . 
  yet we still call ourselves leaders of justice and all that is right . 
  give me a break, 
  no idea this subreddit was so hardcore sympathetic towards austria hungary , although i guess i 'm not surprised . 
  almost every thread about ww1 has some serious butthurt on behalf of central powers edit : except ottomans off course, 
  currywurst , i do n't know why it is n't more popular in the uk, 
  for the crust , you need dip for the crust !, 
  unless it 's one of those thin pizza styles with tiny crust for little girl, 
  then we are a country of mongs and builders . 
  no surprise scotland wants out ... 
  london water is classified as hard and full of linescale , safe to drink of course but will fuck your kettle up , son ( over time ) and boilers in general face more problems , although i 'm not an expert you 'd have to ask the poles for a more in depth assessment up north they have water more akin to bottled mineral water regional monopolies rule the roost, 
  sounds like most people on reddit or 4chan to be honest well apart from steroids and plastic surgery , i guess, 
  to be fair , they ( or we ) do . 
  it 's only a matter of time until ukraine is integrated into both the eu and nato . 
  and then it will be yet another country where we have airbases on the russian border , and eventually anti-ballistic missile systems etc. . that 's one thing the russians are correct about , and frankly i am not surprised at their reaction . 
  the us does the same thing all the time if russia or china or anyone tries to do something in the americas ( monroe doctrine ), 
  lets really , really not get into that argument about opposing dictators and/or funding insurgents . 
  if you are n't smart enough to realise why now , you never will be . 
  otherwise continue to live in your fairy tale nonsense of black and white , and easy propaganda to disseminate everywhere . 
  just do n't do it here , the subreddit where everyone is supposedly intelligent and enlightened has now basically transformed itself into an entity of frenzy and idiocy . 
  how the fuck is anyone going to take you guys seriously , with all your bullshit arguments about `` europe is so enlightened , peace , democracy '' blah blah ... when clearly you 're as dumb as the other guys are anyway . 
  ah fuck this shit ... . . it 's not worth it . 
  shit like this makes me want to hightail it out of the eu because you 're just as big dumb fucks as anyone else , then i realise the uk is actually even worse when it comes to this stuff and probably needs the eu to prevent itself becoming texas 2.0, 
  i would n't be surprised , even on this subreddit people get upvoted for saying volunteers should fight for ukraine . 
  think about that . 
  now think about how everyone else thinks and surely you ca n't be surprised that there are probably a fair amount of volunteers from all over europe fighting in ukraine , especially from countries with a historic grievance towards russia ( so all of eastern europe , finland , germany , uk ) . 
  the difference is we are far better at disguising it than russians are . 
  unless it is against our interests ( e.g : volunteers fighting for isis/jihad ) then we 'll do something about it . 
  it will never reach the light of day that people are going over to fight in ukraine . 
  not in the next few decades at least , maybe somewhere down the line a government will admit fighters went to ukraine . 
  so now we 've basically gone to outright posting propaganda , i do n't approve of russia but please , leave the jingoism and propaganda at the door . 
  this subreddit is becoming a joke . 
  the thing is fifa never abandoned a world cup when western nations went to war or shot down planes so why do it when russia allegedly does ? 
  what message does that send out , we can do as we please but you ca n't ? 
  the germans themselves took part in torture and war crimes before and during 2006 as part of the war on terror , fifa did n't care then either, 
  yes but at the moment they are n't , since the harriers retired .
