  is it so hard to just have accurate labelling with no bs . 
  i 'm not really against gm or horsemeat , or morocco hybrid olive oil . 
  just label it truthfully and enough with the lies . 
  well fuck italian olive oil then . 
  what about german olive oil ... they do n't mess around with shit . 
  and i was just about to come in here saying how i liked the news being presented in a different fashion ... 
  london is full of cunts and it 's completely true http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/society/london-twat-drain-great-for-provinces-2014012882966, 
  i remember reading an article about how the french government basically had ( or have ) a massive campaign against regional languages , basically purposely bringing them to the brink of extinction . 
  if i could find that article i would post it , it was even encouraged in schools where children would be told off for speaking a local language , and being insulted etc. . 
  i think even today france is one of the countries vehemently against the european charter for regional or minority languages . 
  when that happens in iran or china or whatever it 's called oppression , but when it happens in france or the usa , or the uk it 's called `` progress , unification and assimilation '' and nobody is apologetic even a small amount . 
  but at least the uk , places like wales have a decent bilingual system going on and are ( no longer ) oppressed or being forced into extinction . 
  plus neither the eu/us nor russia would probably be willing to accept just half of ukraine as theirs . 
  unfortunately speaking when the powers that be are n't interested in partition then you get very messy situations . 
  just look at africa and the middle east . 
  this is rich , everyone here criticises the us to hell and back for intervening but suddenly now everyone wants military action in ukraine . 
  and here i was thinking the eu was a half decent union , no its full of the same fucking idiot common humans as elsewhere , create a crisis , use the media to say the right things , and soon everyone is demanding war on the grounds of democracy and freedom . 
  maybe i was too stupid to think europeans were better than americans . 
  if what was happening in kiev happened in london or dc people would be begging for the rioters and protesters to get shot at by the army/police . 
  i do n't condone the ukrainian government and police reaction but really it 's not that different from what people would demand in the west . 
  maybe things would be more subtle , that 's about it . 
  it 's hard accepting all this talk about freedom and democracy from our government , media when you know our government would react in a similar , perhaps only slightly less harsh , manner to such widespread , violent , dissent . 
  never mind the average idiots on daily mail and reddit who would be talking about how violent protesters deserve to get shot etc. . ( or how they need to get a job , or how they are going about it in the wrong way , or how they need to respect the rule of law , the same shit everyone says ) what are they fighting for anyway , they 're fighting to get out of the country , join the eu and emigrate . 
  perhaps the eu needs to stop expanding for once and try and first deal with the many problems it already faces in the lesser-off nations before expanding into another one . 
  i do n't know why you have to be so apologetic . 
  speak the truth and do n't mince your words . 
  people in western europe and america are fucked up . 
  you know how much they hate protests here ? 
  massively . 
  look at the comments on reddit for example any time there is a protest here , the vast majority of the top comments are insulting them in some way or another . 
  or talking about how police action was justified or that `` we do n't know the full picture '' . 
  our governments are no better , there 's a fuck ton of laws that stifle protests not to mention an entire media that basically works as a propaganda machine . 
  / r/europe is no better . 
  people here will justify anything the spanish government do re : catalonia , or the fucked up shit governments/police in general do in the west but will start talking about freedom and democracy in ukraine . 
  this is n't about right and wrong or democracy and freedom . 
  this is just politics for most people , including so-called ordinary europeans/westerners , never mind the governments . 
  we 're no better than the ukranian or russian government , just we have better media and the average person over here is much more nationalistic about the government and police and cracking down on dissent . 
  i can assure you if this shit was happening in london or new york or paris everyone would be begging the army to get involved and start shooting people . 
  yes i do . 
  but i just get annoyed at how various entities deal with it differently . 
  you always see people put down those who want change here compared to there , basically . 
  even if it 's subtle things like saying `` it 's not big '' i feel like i 've seen it too much to not think there 's a pattern . 
  maybe it would n't matter so much if we did n't place ourselves on such a high pedestal of democracy and all that nonsense . 
  nonsense . 
  even when there are massive crowds the same shit is always said when it 's us , western europe or similar countries . 
  suddenly everyone becomes very pro government , pro police . 
  media too . 
  things start to become very hostile very quickly . 
  i 've seen it all and you ca n't say it does n't happen . 
  then suddenly you get riots and armed conflict in ukraine or the middle east and everyone talks about freedom fighters and starts waving candles . 
  we do n't like democracy or the right to protest but we sure as hell will threaten , bomb and talk down to all other countries in order to ensure they follow it . 
  that mindset annoys me . 
  maybe it 's not as bad in france ... 
  i ca n't accept seeing the media and people in britain always hate every fucking protest that ever happens and insult them no matter how big they are and talk like they are enemies of the state , then do a 180 and start talking about freedom fighters in other countries . 
  and reddit is also one of the worst offenders in that regard . 
  you have to especially look at the attitude americans have towards protesters , people like stalin could only wish their population were simply naturally giving off such a shitty attitude like americans have , maybe then they would n't need to kill so many people as they would already be willing to do whatever they desired . 
  so basically rioting is only justified when the crowd is big ? 
  they 're freedom fighters in ukraine but these guys are just a bunch of scallywags right ? 
  typical mindset . 
  whether it 's americans . 
  w. europeans , australians etc. . . 
  always hatred of protesters and rioters in our own countries as we stand by our police and media every fucking time , but always quick to label those in others as freedom fighters no matter how much damage they cause . 
  i 'm surprised countries like switzerland and austria have only just now had their first satellites in space, 
  lol , i barely recognise the two as different subreddits these days i just pretend all non-native english speaking countries speak like this yuo knowings what i mean, 
  how does that answer why non-eu taxpayers are more of a problem ? 
  none . 
  i live in london and speak normal english . 
  not cockney or rudeboy slang ( well sometimes for fun ) just normal english . 
  `` what of mean ? '', 
  `` is russia '' `` yes but - '' `` is . 
  depends on where you live . 
  in britain there is not really such a thing as central europe ( at least not for the past 70-odd years ) . 
  probably only the alps mountain region could be seen as central europe in current times . 
  i would n't say that is a very eastern european thing . 
  this could happen in the us , uk ... anywhere where they do n't give a shit about anyone and stupid little bureaucratic laws like this rule the day . 
  i could easily see this happening in the uk . 
  and in the uk we have a very strict `` law is the law , you are an idiot for not knowing it '' mentality . 
  it 's a dog eat dog world out there , nobody is your friend , usually quite the opposite . 
  nice try . 
  but i know [ your game ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auld_alliance ) . 
   some of those dollars , hopefully , are not going to be spent on hennessy and nuclear warheads . 
  no amount of mocking dear leader is going to help millions of regular north koreans . 
  trickle down economics is a joke everywhere , but especially in north korea . 
  if you ask me , average north koreans are going to be hurting no matter whether you give them tourist money or not . 
  it was the french who sold it . 
  when in doubt . 
  it 's the french . 
  not really . 
  maybe being able to build railways and other infrastructure stuff ( like power stations ) without spending half the gdp and taking a century to build . 
  i do n't think that 'll be coming back any time soon . 
  well unless that theory about arctic meltwater shutting down the gulf stream/north atlantic drift is true . 
  if you want to avoid tax there 's a massive list of countries near and abroad that you would go to before the uk is anywhere near the top . 
  tax evasion is so easy nowadays . 
  it 's just a game of whack a mole as they keep moving elsewhere . 
  well qualified people come and then get all the unskilled jobs ( because why would you hire a 18 year old if you can hire a 35 year old with a masters degree ) because it still pays better . 
  that 's the real problem . 
  the kids get screwed over the most . 
  yes , here in london the rules are very similar to the cold bloodededness of eastern and northern europe and we 're proud of it no eye contact !, 
  nobody likes london girls and for a good reason . 
  i would say definitely the least friendliest in the uk by a wide margin .
