( 1 ) the us has been trying to do this behind closed doors for years and years . 
  maybe a new approach wo n't work , but the old approach did n't either . 
  ( 2 ) i agree completely that trump 's approach is undiplomatic , but it is hilarious !, 
  i hate trump , but sometimes you just have to laugh at his antics . 
  well , i think our discussion has run its course , because we ca n't even agree on facts and what you did and did not say . 
  russia and china do n't need to conquer you militarily to conquer you . 
  no one will ever invade western europe , unless the world is ending . 
  that 's not how power is gained anymore . 
  nuclear weapons have ended that period of our history . 
  my core point was that militaries are n't just for fighting . 
  the deterrent and influence that comes with other countries knowing that you are the dominant military in the world is priceless . 
  ok , you support russia 's claim on crimea . 
  got it . 
  if the usa became truly isolationist and europe did n't build a world-dominating military to fill the void : 1 ) eastern europe would experience an inexplicable wave of revolutions by forces `` very friendly '' to russia . 
  nato could n't be relied upon to counter the invasions , because ( 1 ) america is now isolationist and wo n't come to europe 's defense , and ( 2 ) europe still has n't demonstrated to russia its ability to stand up to aggression with force , as the eu still has n't created a dominant military nor has it committed to sometimes fighting , and dying , for what is important and just . 
  2 ) suddenly , the world 's trade routes would begin to destabilize . 
  without a global force policing those routes , or at least representing a deterrent to any destabilizing events , the oceans would become less safe . 
  trade would become riskier and more expensive . 
  china would eventually fill the role , but it would take time for them to build a navy power enough to do so . 
  3 ) speaking of china , with it now the clear hegemon in the world , it would start to act like it . 
  while i do n't fear china and its intentions , like i do russia , china would start to remake the world in its image . 
  that would be less than ideal for western democracies and their love of civil liberties and human rights . 
  4 ) genocidal leaders , such as slobodan milosevic , would start murdering at will , even in europe 's neighborhood , and no one , not even the previously-reliable usa , would do anything to really stop it . 
  the un would worry and wish they could do something , but , as always , they would n't have the stomach , or the consensus , to act effectively . 
  besides , with america introverted , the un 's budget would be slashed . 
  5 ) more violence would break out between nations , large and small . 
  without world police , without a hegemon to represent a deterrent to war , why not fight ? 
  and so on . 
  obviously , without the usa or europe acting as hegemon , china would take the role . 
  it would take time for them to build up the military capable of projecting power around the world , though . 
  that interim would be painful and the world under china would be painful for the more liberally-inclined populations of the world . 
  ultimately , you have the ability to dismiss the importance of military power , because you can rely on america 's military power . 
  i 'm not certain if i should be pleased that you so completely proved my point with this comment or frustrated that you so completely missed it . 
  oh well , enjoy living in a world where your security needs are provided for you !, 
  this type of thinking is what allows russia to do as it pleases . 
  american can be accused of causing problems in distant , poor parts of the world . 
  europe can be accused of standing up to no one . 
  not america when it wants to start a war . 
  not russian , when it wants to invade eastern europe . 
  europe has no appetite to stand up and fight for anything . 
  consequently , a world `` led '' by europe would be a world with far larger wars , even world wars , than the small skirmishes america starts . 
  my comment is in disagreement with yours , not because i did n't read yours , but because i disagree with you . 
  your second point is a good one . 
  we can agree on that !, 
  if the usa just stopped interacting with the rest of the world , europe would be faced with a simple choice : ( 1 ) spend a lot more on the military and truly integrate national militaries into an eu force . 
  that would require higher taxes/less speeding on social programs and a level of integration that has been widely resisted . 
  and , ironically , you 'd have to become the `` imperialistic '' jerks/world police that many around the world claim the usa is , in order to keep trade flowing and the hungry advanced economies fed . 
  for better or worse , someone must be the world 's batman . 
  ( 2 ) see russia slowly rebuild its empire . 
  i think you 'd be surprised at how many americans wish to be isolationist again . 
  it 's unbelievable to me that certain countries , like germany , apparently , reap the huge rewards of a stable world , and complain about the mechanism that creates that stability . 
  world trade is , in part , allowed by america 's dominance of the oceans . 
  europe is militarily sheltered . 
  you have been taking that for granted . 
  ask eastern europe how confident they are that they would still be independent of russia , without that wasteful military power . 
  nuclear weapons did n't seem to stop russia from annexing some sweet ukrainian land . 
  last time i checked , they still have all of their cities , too !, 
  unless europe decides to make the gigantic sacrifices needed to create an actual military capable of standing up to the various militaries of the world , europe 's defense plan will remain what it is today : call america . 
  we do n't like it . 
  you do n't like it . 
  so , let 's change that , instead of just complaining about imperialist america !, 
  i think you 're mistaken and conflating things . 
  first , `` african-american '' is pc for `` black '' . 
  it 's stupid and has nothing to do with people thinking about the african continent . 
  in fact , these types of terms ( including `` indian-american '' ) are often just pc terms for a person 's race . 
  `` irish-american '' , etc. 
  is n't used much , except by people that like having ancestry from a certain country , even if they 've never been there . 
  however , they just say `` irish '' . 
  in summary , these terms are just pc terms for races or people celebrating their ancestry . 
  otherwise , an american is an american . 
  i wish we still lived in a world with `` real scandals '' . 
  that term implies that we , as a society , have the capacity for objective , unbiased thought . 
  we never really had that in the first place . 
  now that our societies are becoming less and less homogenous in thought and ideals , facts no longer exist ; words no longer have any meaning . 
  disclaimer : i desperately want to live in a world open to all beliefs and ideals , as long as those things do n't subjugate others . 
  it 's nice to see that the spirit of the_donald is alive and well here . 
  can never have enough , `` the group that i belong to is better than all the others ! '', 
  it 's a good thing that national statistics determine your life experiences and not , you know , your individual life experiences . 
  i 'm pretty certain private discussions have taken place in the past , but i 'm also pretty certain that makes no difference to the current administration . 
  discussed topic or not , screaming in public is this white house 's jam . 
  i agree that public ultimatums are not the best strategy for anything other than looking like a jerk , but nato is n't nato without the us . 
  i assume everyone would agree with that . 
  can that truly be said about any other member ? 
  the eu providing for its own security ... 
  it could , but has it ever wanted to ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  the world does n't want america as the world 's police and americans do n't want america as the world 's police . 
  so ... let 's make it happen !, 
  of course not , as long as burning something in general is legal , otherwise . 
  i 'd say the difference is this : americans ( in general ; absolutely there are many exceptions , including me , in some cases ) fear the power of the government . 
  this fear is the reason for many things that europeans find strange/stupid/dangerous about the usa : ( 1 ) we need guns to protect against government overreach , ( 2 ) we revere our constitution , because it limits our government 's power , ( 3 ) we see freedom of speech as a basic human right , because otherwise the government could limit of opinions and power to limit our pwn government , ( 4 ) we think communism is evil , because it requires a stronger central government to function and , ( 5 ) we distrust academic authority ( which , as a lover of knowledge and education , saddens me ) , because it requires acceptance of authority of experts , etc. 
  honestly , most differences between americans and europeans , in my hinkle opinion , come down to our deep-seeded distrust of authority . 
  i hope our disagreement about the how shocking something being legal or illegal illustrates my point that intent and effect my be different here . 
  in the us , free speech is never an attack on democracy , even if that speech advocates for dictatorship or anarchy . 
  of course , it 's absolutely ok that german laws work for germans and american laws work for americans . 
  i will not pass judgement on the german law . 
  ( 1 ) that 's free speech in america . 
  it 's legal , as long as you 're not following people around and doing it . 
  you ca n't harass people . 
  ( 2 ) my point was about intent .
