  funny you mention that because you personally would n't have the ability to sue against the ecb for overstepping their mandate . 
  this will always be the case in any system that solidarity system . 
  it is fine to be against these mechanism but then be consistent about it at least . 
  taxes for roads ? 
  they are n't used equally ? 
  healthcare ? 
  it is n't used equally . 
  unemployment benefits ? 
  they are n't used equally . 
  of course you could decide that you wo n't need it . 
  you decribed conflict would additionally be a pretty stupid . 
  i would expect better . 
   what exactly is `` corrupt '' about the central banks ? 
  i do n't know if you can call it corrupt but it broke nearly every rule it said it would keep . 
  true to a degree , but it is also an unemployment map and i could understand the reservation against new immigrants in light of missing job opportunities . 
  because in the end it is true that they will be the one competing with the new arrivals on the job market . 
  so which one is the most just ? 
  i think amber dumb is completely unacceptable . 
  i hope you did n't expect a well though out comment , i can easily be influenced . 
  it gets different if you make your crops resistant to the pesticide you are selling it with . 
  a pesticide so toxic that it will kill everything that could harm the plant . 
  of course you will have good results against pests . 
  you might also claim that you would need less quantities of pesticide since that does n't necessarily imply toxicity for the environment . 
  i think it is bad to completely ban it but stringent controls should be a requirement to employ it . 
  and i do n't really see that much of a benefit in the industrial agriculture of europe , which already is very efficient . 
  the area is the limiting factor here and i doubt it could be increased by gm by a significant margin . 
  maybe very worthwhile to cultivate plants in regions with a hostile climate . 
  i could also help to allow products that contain gm modified plants to give that market a chance . 
  this is very true . 
  but there is also a component in the discussion about gm in industrial countries that it would just result in a change to having to use chemical pesticides \u2122 . 
  to be fair the current strategy of our beloved comissars to regulate wages does indeed remind of soviet rule . 
  having `` experts '' instead of labor unions to regulate monetary policies in times when devaluation is n't possible anymore and to control development . 
  no thank you , that wo n't work . 
  not really . 
  currently we have a passive parliament and a commission that can completely reject any propositions . 
  we do n't have any significant checks and balances for nearly any institution . 
  we currently see troikas and commisars completely detached from any democratic process and there is no indication , that this development will significantly change . 
  that would be a requirement for any thoughts in that direction . 
  true , but i would take the risk any day . 
  especially if i had changed the form of my government . 
  in essence , this election will be about who will lead the next coalition between cdu and spd . 
  there are n't that many differences of both parties anymore outside of the election campaign . 
  i actually did read it . 
  there is nothing publicly available that could qualify as tangible evidence . 
  i would n't want to rule out any involvement but any information not available to the public is pure speculation and should n't be acted upon . 
  there are some hints but they are weak . 
  not much to go on from the information that is public . 
  trust but verify . 
  this also seems to be the creed of most intelligence agencies . 
  i trust obama over putin any day but i think the russian angle of the election was an attempt to save face . 
  so i do n't really have any hard feelings if he attempts to put weight behind the intelligence reports . 
  i still would n't call it a fact that the russian government was involved . 
  is this a [ joke ] ( http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-us-intervention-foreign-elections-20161213-story.html ) ? 
  not that i disagree with the goals of these manipulations in general . 
  the article mentions russia in 1996 . 
  funnily enough , it was clintion at that time . 
  `` we 've simply said the facts , which are , based on uniform intelligence assessments the russians were responsible for hacking the dnc . '', 
  still , there is no evidence of the statement being true anywhere . 
  it is an appeal to trust intelligence services which would n't be a wise course of action . 
  on a domestic level , obama is n't neutral , so the information should be questioned in my opinion . 
  name one information , national governments would have been dependent on , that could only be aquired with the help of us intelligence . 
  i do n't believe such a thing exists . 
  in many cases it does come from nowhere . 
  if you go out with anyone being black in your group you get denied entrance to clubs far more often . 
  you also have to identify yourself to authorities more frequently . 
  i doubt there is actual malice involved from authorities but it is noticable . 
  that was with people that were born here . 
  i do n't think the police did anything wrong in their attemts to get control in situations , but i do think there is merrit to the report the un brought forward . 
  i would also agree that there is hyperbole in the discussion around racism . 
  out of the question . 
  who is n't racist these days . 
  i also doubt you could call it institutional . 
  to me that means to actively discriminate against certain ethnic groups . 
  i might be wrong on the definition if there is one . 
  that is not the case to my knowledge and it is more a result of prejudice of individuals . 
  is ketchup/mayonnaise allowed ? 
  true , it is certainly a larger factor as my comment made it out to be and it makes immigration harder for those , that do n't want to live in enclaves within a state . 
  i just think that it is difficult to mandate where anybody should live and where social contact is formed . 
  you would only have demographic data and depending on it you probably would create a quota that describes a more heterogenous ideal . 
  but perspectives are also a factor . 
  if there would be work directly in swedish communities , a lot of people would move to accomodate to that . 
  additionally , if i would immigrate to sweden , i probably would seek out german or english speaking communities . 
  not because i would n't want to learn the langueage , but because it helps me accomodate to the new situation . 
  you do n't help people if you just tell them they are free to immigrate . 
  ask anyone who was unemployed for a longer timeframe . 
  it is not a gift and it can hinder your own motivation to integrate tremediously . 
  i doubt it is something a state can manage effectively to be honest . 
  successful immigration happens at places where people want to immigrate . 
  a subset does n't want to do that for different reasons . 
  some are trapped in their respective communities , some embrace them to feel at home . 
  there is no single reason that hinders successful integration . 
  you can have a bunch of parallel societies living next door to each other . 
  sure , proximity is a factor in the creation of closed communities but it is n't at the core of the problem . 
  sometimes people will integrate within weeks , some will take generations to do so . 
  depends on the people involved . 
  if you want to make integration a requirement for a society , you have to define rules for immigration . 
  otherwise you can not expect it to happen . 
  that is not applicable to refugees of course . 
  these topics should be seperated . 
  western democracies have a tendency to individualism .
