  there are countless examples of people who you could describe as `` not integrated '' in society because a leading mainstream does n't really exist anymore . 
  depends on your position but that is n't necessarily a bad situation . 
  you can not have different laws for different people . 
  if you are forced to implement differences , you already made a mistake somewhere on the road . 
  otherwise you only create more problems on the way . 
  diversity is not a value in itself and certainly nothing to strive for or something to be forced into . 
  it remains purely dogmatic and is detached from problems most people have to deal with . 
  singapore is very successful but it is n't even a democracy . 
  it is a small city state and quite authoritarian . 
  it is not a good role model for western democracies at all . 
  the immigration is receives is of a complete different kind . 
  people with red hair also do this . 
  being influenced and targeted by marketing campaigns is n't a sound reason to declare a vote invalid . 
  never heard that before but somehow reminds me of [ stackenblocken ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qen5-_93gqga ), 
  sound intuitive for some but i would be fundamentally opposed to this . 
  there are no objective metrics that would decribes ones understanding of policies . 
  there also would be severe fighting about voting privileges without providing any worth to society at large . 
  that everyone has an equal say is a dogmatic foundation of democracy . 
  giving up these prinicples would effectively end in an aristocracy/technocracy in any case . 
  and a most fundamental goal for a society , to deliver the best possible education to everyone would be severely compromised . 
  there are obviously people who have a deeper understanding on policy making . 
  out of the question . 
  but instead of accusing others of being uninformed , look to yourself and try make an argument for your point of view . 
  if you fail to do that , you might just have a strong opinion without actually knowing what constitutes the best course of action and the fault is on you . 
  compared to general opinions espoused here ? 
  impossible . 
  blind idealism is the ideal of people below the age of 20 . 
  do n't bother to move on , it will happen eventually . 
  i am very much interested in alternatives . 
  a federal eu would be a nation state or not ? 
  if not , what is the difference ? 
   i do n't want him to have the same power in policy making as the two of us have . 
  be more honest here , hans . 
  in consequence , you are not a democrat . 
  you make some arguments further below but they are n't worth much in my opinion . 
  the more i think about it , i do n't want you to have the same power in policy making , as i have . 
  i am serious about it . 
  democracy was nothing germans ever fought for and i question myself , if we ever earned it . 
  that aside . 
  it is important that the souvereign feels represented by the legislative process . 
  if that needs to be more direct or not is an intersting debate . 
  and i would agree it to be a balancing act . 
  statements like popular opinion would be a gullible force are self referencing to a large degree . 
  realising accountability is a problem many countries have . 
  on eu level and for any nation state . 
  who would be able to do that besides civil society ? 
  you probably do n't have an answer to that question which should disqualify you for any voting process in my opinion . 
  it is really getting worse . 
  i heard you need to hide your kids if you are in belgium . 
  there is still the very possible option of a grand coalition . 
  i believe there is a reason why both parties are n't too keen in making campaign statements right now because they do n't want to polarize people against this possible outcome . 
   around christmas time , tsipras had announced a random giveaway to pensioners that germany ( and others ) did n't approve of . 
  maybe greeks want to be able to do that ? 
  germany does n't have to approve fiscal policies of greece . 
  this is complete madness . 
  no it is not revolution time and they are n't possible in germany . 
  the context is still that we talk about campaigns of two parties who currently are both part of the government . 
  there was no debate just yet . 
  there might be some slight changes but i do n't see it yet . 
  which is n't bad at all , that was n't anything i wanted to imply . 
  but it has yet to be seen . 
  there was no debate about it yet as the article claims . 
  i think the center/center government is still the most likeable result . 
  it is also speculation since schulz did n't make any statements about it concerning his candidacy . 
  yes , i understand that . 
  but i do also get a higher debt by fiat than from austerity . 
  where would that break even inside this economic model ? 
  i know that debts are probably just anothers riches from a macro economic perspective and they should be neglegted in a model about that , but i think they are crushingly important for our overall economic situation within europe . 
  and some countries do n't have that much free labor at all . 
  some do of course . 
  and there are still the classic economists who say otherwise . 
  that spending would n't be recommended for everyone . 
  so what should i believe here ? 
  true , there are some differences . 
  but aside from gay marriage all topics are in a very narrow spectrum of solutions for working around problems . 
  i doubt the debt problem will be adressed directly in the election . 
  it is held before next fall , where it will probably hit us again . 
  i doubt that common debt will be the future of the eu and this is actually a position the spd , greens and probably die linke are in favour of . 
  other parties are more in favour of connecting risk and investments again to reign in financial markets while leftist parties are set up to regulate them with legislation . 
  immigration might become a topic again to everyones detriment . 
  i still would call these differences minimal . 
  all parties , besides probably die linke , could just write `` everything is working right now , do n't change anything '' in their respective programs . 
  i am not seeing the huge impact and differences . 
  totally agree . 
  it is the consolidation of democracy . 
  time for hans to get exited . 
  all the while nobody could define the difference in policies between both candidates . 
  i did n't study macro economics but the prinicple seems simple . 
  if there is high unemployment , government spending is useful because spending by the formerly unemployed would get it back into the economy . 
  even more if the factor is  1 . 
  in theory . 
  that was n't the point of the criticism . 
  i think this model alone is n't useful in any case . 
  some countries have high unemployment , others less . 
  having everyone increase spending would mean the money would be wasted in many ocasions . 
  worse , it increases debt . 
  that problem is n't even adressed . 
   like what ? 
  that unlimited population growth is not viable for example . 
  i even mentioned technological advancements but there are limits .
