in essence that would be against liberal democracy . 
  not that i do n't agree with the decision but i do n't see how you could wiggle out of that fact . 
  true , that is what i meant with opposition . 
  it is a disgrace for the senate . 
  it is permeated with financial interests . 
  we will also get to feel this if we increase free trade because that influence would hit us hard . 
  it currently look grim for universal healthcare in the us , yes . 
  but it was at least a direction more and more people want to see implemented . 
  that is not because of him , that is because you are brats . 
  i disagree . 
  he had a lot of opposition to everything he did . 
  the american president is not an all powerful entity . 
  would you prefer clinton over obama ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  would you prefer bush ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  yes , his healthcare plans were not optimal . 
  but he started something america was in dire need to have . 
  do n't know of anyone who had better plans . 
  i hoped he would get more things done but to me he is still the best president america got for a long time . 
  edit : he looks like he got 40 years older after his presidency though . 
   what about enlightenment has been killed recently . 
  rip . 
  pretty much evidence that the dichotomy of left and right has become shaken up and now it is just complaining about the other side . 
  one is indoctrinated the other one is stupid depending on your perspective . 
  there should be room for commonalities in this . 
   common sense some say that appeal to common sense is populism, 
  [ sigh ] ( http://m.memegen.com/2brc3d.jpg ) edit : yes , it is a meme with a cat , the worst form possible . 
  if you sign laws that arbitrary you are not able to govern . 
   logically there should be no difference between fighting under a german flag or an eu flag if the conditions are the same . 
  true . 
  i would n't currently be fond of that either to be honest . 
   national sovereignty is pretty much nationalism though . 
  you added an attribute to that . 
  it can also just be the opposite of heteronomy , which i just do n't like that much . 
  i still do n't see the concepts as equal because there is more attached to nationalism like the conformity and attachment within and to the nation . 
  how does sovereignty change if everyone becomes attached to eu institutions as a substitude to a state ? 
  does n't that just change the scope ? 
   loads of people are afraid of an eu army . 
  not as in they believe it wo n't work but legitimately scared . 
  i would n't want to serve in one and take that as a basis of my position . 
   belief in sovereignty and nationalism is very very much based on emotions and belonging . 
  the first is n't , the second probably is and it is not the same . 
   an eu common army is `` scary '' because it is new . 
  not really . 
   you have to be arrogant towards unintelligent people claiming to be intelligen will try ... 
  i am soo much better than you on every accountable level . 
  i am also very sexy . 
  pointingly correct . 
  perhaps we can sell some old blocks of stone to america now . 
   they can use a cyber attack to obtain compromising information on the candidates and make it public . 
  good . 
  there have been massive and loud campaigns for privacy and the right to informational self determinations for over 10 years now . 
  i think the political landscape of germany can get fucked on this issue for all i care . 
  there were some exceptions but not in relevant parties . 
  they wanted a transparent populance and i love if foreign nations dig up the shit of those supporting and endorsing these policies . 
  i do n't see it as bad anymore . 
  i would welcome any foreign influence to dig up anything until proper data protections are installed and information collection is reigned in . 
  they should have nothing to hide ... 
  her predecessor from her party was in power for 16 years . 
  felt even longer though . 
  the spd had two terms between both and is now serving a time penalty for an undefined period for bad behaviour . 
  merkel has been in power since 2005 . 
  there was a time when turkey wanted to join . 
  i do n't think erdogan is that much interested in becoming part of the eu anymore . 
   was n't it the argument of the remainers and the pro-eu generally that we should listen more to the experts ? 
  generally a weak argument . 
  i can be an expert without being independent . 
  which countries are well loved by greece ? 
  european empire or nothing . 
  can not have half assed solutions here . 
  would you like to be part of a european army ? 
   trump is the noam chomsky of the right uhm ... nah :d, 
  not impossible but the odds are clearly against him . 
  i think clinton will be a decent president . 
  wish obama could do an additional term , but i think clintons presidency will be better than her approval will give her credit for . 
  majority * now * wants to remain in eu . 
  defensively suggestive that opinions have changed i would say . 
  reminds me of this [ classic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7zzwlkgd_0 ), 
  good decision . 
  15 % percent is the eu average ? 
  we had ~ 4,1 % in cs and ~ 8,3 % in electrical engineering . 
  mechanical engineering was a little bit better but i do n't have numbers . 
  it might have reached 10 % . 
   it 's depressing for those left behind indeed and i think it must be countered . 
  this seems to become also true for whole countries as of late . 
  i think that can only be countered by public infrastructure projects . 
  energy , communications and logistic networks . 
  of course there is more opportunity in bigger cities but it should theoretically be possible to counter this effect by a networked economy . 
  otherwise you only create lands of bliss with a decaying periphery all around . 
  this is not sustainable in the long run . 
  you have to supply basic services anyway so it would be a good investment in any case . 
  one additional disadvantage of pure hydrogen is its love to react with everything . 
  it also like to diffuse through everything . 
  i think one of the best ways to store it is a solid block of metal . 
  still , about 5 % could be mixed with the other gases in the network . 
  i know i have often been to dresden on technical and medical expositions . 
  beautiful city and they are not full of nazis . 
  still , cities are only an exception to the rule . 
  i agree .
