  and i do n't see the deal to get better by the day to be honest . 
  you can not seriously deduct this issue to be a model for every policy decision . 
   countries willing to see their tax money going south . 
  no they probably would n't . 
  and it is still a bad idea because it would n't lead to stronger economies . 
  we had this experiment within germany with questionalble results . 
  the eurozone can not be a fiscal union . 
  this is complete madness . 
  i doubt anyone would actually want that . 
  he still fails to mention that negative interest rates might not be desirable for the vast majority of people . 
  and yes , i still like cash . 
  just throwing this out here ... 
  then i do question the independance of the central bank . 
  ah damn , i do n't have any right of action because i am a mere citizen who is only allowed to pick up cans . 
  well played . 
  yeah , this is how you would get rid of welfare services pretty quickly . 
  now over 1/3 of new borns are of foreign origin , other numbers are n't that relevant . 
  without making an evaluation wheather that is bad or not , it will have a massive effect on demographics . 
  if that influences society as a whole is highly likely . 
  some people like that and some not so much . 
  saying that it is not a legitimate concern is wrong . 
  merkel confirmed that it will be a lasting change and she is correct on that one . 
  of course it does n't affect your life immediately but it will have consequences in the future . 
  i do n't like him very much but he is not responsible for the division . 
  this argument was actually pretty common before the $ was introduced . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_mockingbird please note the names of the publications . 
   one wonders how long has putin manipulated the fake news that made people hate hilary in the first place . 
  he did n't because he could n't . 
  this is a conspiracy theory . 
  always look at your own media . 
  russia has no influence on it . 
  since when ? 
  edit : does n't it depent on the school/state ? 
  we had swimming lessons in school but they were n't mandatory . 
  i am not that old so i wonder when this changed . 
  of course with all you hans-type people every fucking thing is going to be mandatory in the future . 
  could i call that cockblocker alternatively ? 
   [ ... ] that barrack obama is osama bin laden sounds reasonable . 
  i knew that beard was fake from the beginning . 
  to fire somebody because of this seems reasonable ? 
  and wanting a propaganda piece to be shown ? 
  have n't seen it just read some reviews . 
  now i am curious . 
  bad looks do n't matter , still correct in my opinion . 
   poland 's ambassador in germany przy\u0142\u0119bski requested the screening of the propaganda film smolensk instead . 
  honestly i believe it will hit the social democrats even more . 
  it is not only the conservative voters who will protest against the government and vote rightist parties . 
  i think mordern communication has made everyone `` cosmopolitan '' . 
  you are n't detached from society if you are part of a small village far away from any bigger hubs . 
  the landscape has changed . 
  the discussion about open societies vs. nation states is a bit outdated in my opinion . 
  i see far-right and no-border populism and both positions are detached from each other and fundamentally emotional . 
  nations still have social contracts that lay the foundation of public services like health-care , insurance against unemployment , communities that organize formation of will . 
  scraping that for the lowest common denominator is n't really in the interest of most people and it is also the opposite of the traditional individualistic dogma `` cosmopolitans '' originally strived for . 
  too much naivity in that regard seems only to strengthen the right and reincincerates old prejudices that many thought to be long gone . 
  i think a more liberal left would be a much better antidote against the right . 
  and it should also be in favor of more self determination regarding any policy that rises emotions beyond reasonable level . 
  immigration , trade , surveillance , education . 
  all issues where the more modern left failed massively . 
  it is correct that good policies doe n't need to be popular . 
  but their policies were unpopular and bad . 
  just that , bad . 
  it would also be advisable to return to championing freedoms , like the left did in the past . 
  more regulation wo n't impress anyone . 
  that is my opinion at least . 
  this is why we need to pump more co2 into the athmosphere because it is good for plant growth . 
  but nobody wants to listen to me . 
  the chance of that is still on a miniscule level . 
  it is the same with terrorism in general . 
  nevertheless we see more restricting security laws detrimental to civil liberties . 
  and this is also supported by many left wing parties , so the indictment from the left is often a bit dishonest . 
  as is this topic overall since the presidency in austria is n't that relevant for politics from my understanding . 
  the hysteria around terrorism and security is beyond any reasonable discussion . 
  and that is true for all parties . 
  the right just tops this of by being even more of a drama queen . 
  you personal risks are n't increased by terrorism or by being raped . 
  it is n't even statistically relevant . 
  being `` social liberal '' is also dirt cheap . 
  he made the anthem of canada gender neutral . 
  and that was totally free . 
  i can feel the commitment beyond the atlantic ocean . 
   go on , try to discuss anything with the dudes at the_donald just ignore them if you must . 
  being threatened by eviction is one of their driving motivations . 
  a sentiment many people can get behind . 
  you also do n't have to support them . 
  i think it is just testimony to bad educational systems and i am sadly not really surprised by the outcome . 
  time to get people under the rule of an authoritarian dictatorship once more . 
  i guess the numbers would change again , yay !, 
  if everyone would vote for their interests , all voices would be heard . 
  the consensus comes after that . 
  always vote for you own interests . 
  your thought experiment descibes laws that are naturally detrimental . 
  to the correct decision would be not to pass any of them . 
   young or old , people vote for their own interests first good . 
  nothing else would be constructive . 
  never trust people who hide their own motivations . 
  especially if they say it is for the greater good . 
  if the interests of every group is established you can begin to form a consensus . 
  it is central to a constitutional state . 
  the same rules have to apply to everyone .
