  just try to describe what it would look like , if exponential growth is n't achieved and compare it to our current situation . 
  it should be easier to see . 
  and you probably think all those wind turbines are there to create power . 
  hahaha , you are so naive . 
  you want coal power and a clean air ? 
  just blow everything towards crazy people on a small island . 
  and they did n't even see through the plan . 
  the air polution is taking its toll . 
  you can not keep this up with ever more increasing number of people working . 
  like in a ponzi scheme ( this argument is n't that serious but there are parallels . 
  in theory , every member profits as long as more and more people join ) . 
  kahn did n't have access to the problems we have now . 
  our only option is to increase productivity since resources are finite . 
  that can work because of technological advancement but not in every branch . 
  believing in exponential growth is something you should do if you achieved a post scarcity situation . 
  otherwise you would also need a exponential growth of population . 
  that this is not a viable strategy should be obvious . 
   if the gdp of a country does n't grow , that country will never be able to pay the debt . 
  is n't the same true for a ponzi scheme ? 
  anyway , i do n't think that this is a contradiction to what i said . 
  and we actually did have governmental spening at the height of the recession . 
  not in countries which needed it the most though . 
  to be fair , that would be true for economists being critical of the euro . 
  their predictions became true almost to the letter . 
  so they could claim the exact same thing : it is worse than we thought . 
  so i think this explanation does n't adress the elephant in the room at all . 
  the question about who should pay for it . 
  how was bailing out a lot of banks austerity ? 
  hint : it was n't . 
  austerity is of course really bad for greece and some other countries . 
  to a degree a country will be paralyzed . 
  they need room to adress their issues . 
  but for a lot of other countries it would n't be recommended to increase state debt . 
  this debt will always be the debt of your children . 
  and frankly , they have enough on their shoulders in many countries . 
  underrated comment . 
  true , that should be mentioned as well . 
  although i only ever saw the fdp in government participation still following their convictions about this topic and really fought against it . 
  but in the end it would be correct to say that most greens and left politicians are also opposed to it . 
  this is plain bullshit and does n't come close to respecting democracy . 
  remember , it was a gift to us , hans . 
  we never aquired it by ourselves and i ask myself more and more , if we ever would have . 
  not everyone wants the incarnation of a leader . 
  the question for more european integration has to be asked anyway . 
  there is no way around this . 
  any government requires legitimacy . 
  from personal experience i can assure you that german politicians have principles consisting of wax towards the topic of mass surveillance . 
  they choose the path of least resistance . 
  there are some notable exceptions from the liberal party but they are currently fighting for their political survival . 
  and voting for them because of this issue gets you a complete stack of neoliberal policies . 
  the latter are n't always bad of course , just saying there are significant disadvantage depending on your political position . 
  germany got democracy as a present from the allies and you get reminded about that fact very often . 
  we also have some good policies but i would n't want anyone to get disappointed . 
  this is an argument but the strategy is doomed to fail . 
  instead , try to promote freedoms of informational self determination . 
  if government and companies are suddenly liable for what they do with your data , the problem could easily be solved . 
  additionally , using services like facebook and others is voluntary . 
  if you are willing to share your data with the government , you are free to do so . 
  i love you that you at least try to fight this lunacy . 
  i do n't know how to fight this anymore . 
  we just need to fire old people into the sun . 
  very good summary . 
  remember this if we get the `` we should listen to experts '' - discussion again . 
  the criticism against trump in light of these decisions is laughable at best . 
  i would n't be surprised if she puts this information on the table in negotiations with the eu . 
  i also would n't be surprised if it gets appreciation . 
  race to the bottom towards the most gigantic asshole . 
  how sneaky of you . 
  north korea is best korea . 
  regards , the queen, 
  not really . 
  we have the afd ( alternative for germany ) for populist right wing policies , but they do n't have this one person who gives the party a face like trump . 
  i think right wing parties are often dependant on that . 
  they actually have some smart people but also a lot of crazy ones . 
  i think that at first , when the party was founded , it really was a passable opposition . 
  we lacked one and still do to a degree . 
  but in its current state it is n't really constructive . 
  i completely understand people wanting to vote for them but i fear it would n't really help them in the end . 
  they could get a significant chunk of votes in the next election but it will be distinctly below 20 % ( probably < 15 % , the two most popular parties are around 20 - 35 % , all other relevant smaller parties tend to be left wing ) . 
  they would have no options to form any government there are no political allies . 
  so a right wing takeover wo n't happen . 
  in the end i do think left wing parties might profit from the existence of the afd if they can win the votes of those that are excluded from the current political discourse . 
   which stabilized the economy and made germany so successful economically . 
  i massively disagree here . 
  our economy is strong because our currency is undervalued and we got lucky that products from germany were in demand in recent years . 
  policies had nothing to do with that at all . 
  no party can claim this success . 
  the reforms were n't really productive . 
  they adressed a little fart of our overall gdp and drastically reduced the income of many people . 
  it was good for the balance of many corps . 
  we even had very silly laws supporting them with public money . 
  this should be on the border of legality for any nation wanting to participate in free trade . 
  not saying that policies should n't be able to support industries . 
  the eu also invests in many good projects . 
  but to say that any party is responsible for the current economical success is a lie . 
  it will also be paid by future generations . 
  to much focus on economic policies in your opinion ? 
  good compromise between social and economic policies in general . 
  a solid party of social democrats . 
  they are much less corrupt than their counterparts in romania and the cdu , their conservative competitor .
