  they did n't really shine in the most recent years . 
  partly because they are part of the current coalition , which always gets you less votes , and partly because they focused on the wrong topics in my opinion . 
  they were also very weak on policies related civil liberties , which probably did cost a lot of votes . 
  they also fucked up our educational system in my opinion , but at least they try to fix the problems . 
  aside from that , there are n't that many alternatives . 
  there is a left party and the greens . 
  both are n't that terrible either , but the spd has a broader appeal . 
  the liberals ( european sense ) got booted from government . 
  i did n't like their economic policies but they were staunch advertisers for civil liberties . 
  but they are really weak right now . 
  i was hopeful we could read anything about political discussion besides that . 
  sad . 
  the spd is probably our best party . 
  does n't mean it is good . 
  not at all . 
  do n't forget about the deep entanglement between officials and corporations in our political culture . 
  adoption is no right . 
  it is a privilege . 
  the state has the guardianship for these kids and because the state can only be a lousy parent , adoption is the far better alternative . 
  there are high requirements for people trying to adopt children . 
  gender should n't really be an important factor but it not a right for anyone . 
  if adoption were to be a right , you would need a steady supply of orphans . 
   there are thousands of children who desperately need adoption in germany there are actually more parents willing to adopt then there are children free for adoption . 
  i think the quota is about 7:1 . 
  do n't have any numbers from other countries but i would expect a similar distribution . 
  that parentship should be recognised regardless of gender is out of the question though . 
  more popular than mods , though . 
  no , thank you . 
  as i said , there would be no way to hold them accountable . 
  how would these institutions be more immune to corruption than any national government ? 
  i see the eu as a device for increasing economical and political cooperation and prefer it to not be a supranational state . 
  or it could be just another layer with the same problems . 
  and holding it accountable would be even more difficult . 
  actually it is a pretty bad argument . 
  aside from being reactionary in nature , there is no argument as to why it would be different in a federation . 
  i really wish you luck to sort this out . 
  would be good for romania to have a government with less corruption . 
  what do you think is the future of the current ruling party ? 
  is it just one or do they form a coalition of some sort ? 
  what would come after these event ? 
  i meant alternative to devaluation , not defaulting . 
  and we ca n't devalue because it would n't be relflective of our economies . 
  some of them at least . 
  this might sound very german now , but i think it is detrimental to enforcing a budgetary discipline . 
  of course if everything fails , you could devalue your currency in the past . 
  this is n't available anymore , so what would be the alternative ? 
  despite right wing rhetoric , i see this as a major flaw . 
  they speak a common language is the more important difference . 
  glad someone pointed out this childish reasoning . 
  i am in favor of more corporation on an eu level . 
  `` we need a stronger europe '' - a statement only appealing to emotion . 
  what does this mean ? 
  while i agree with some of it , depending on context , i would like to ask the question about what competencies should be transfered . 
  and why that would it be necesarry . 
  after that i would make a decision . 
  maybe i would even base it on emotions . 
  everyone is free to do just that . 
  being pessimistic always saves you from being disappointed . 
  yay !, 
  it also was churchill who did n't want to be part of it . 
  criticism of experts in the context of the brexit aside , you still need a mandate . 
  you could begin to try to work towards this instead of fantasising about fiscal and political unions . 
  the correct question would be about how to create a nuclear warhead from a breast pump . 
  you should hold your government accountable for sharing data with the us . 
  they should have done that yesterday already but were too shortsighted to do so . 
  oh , and they could also scrap their whole surveillance schtick because they are incapable of securing the data in the first place . 
  it is irresponsible and they endanger the security of their citizens by refusing to enact laws that protect personal information . 
  probably out of greed or incompetence . 
  maybe both . 
  thanks !, 
  did n't know there was such a formal definition . 
  i did n't work in the us since there are many states that do not profit from growth as much as others do . 
  you can see giant inequalities within the us . 
  it is a problem we just do n't have any solution for since people with higher education will leave these places as soon as they can . 
  eastern germany got and still gets a lot of financial help . 
  true , that help was only indirectly invested in eastern regions but you would have the same problems on a european level . 
  any economy has to develop itself to a large degree . 
  not saying that help is n't needed . 
  i get the whole reservation against the `` average citizen '' , although highly inappropriate and wrong if you try to justify any form of leadership . 
  you still need mandates for that . 
  there could also be other incentives besides `` not getting how it benefits your own country '' . 
  there are examples where this kind of structural support did n't work . 
  and it probably would n't work at all . 
  european empire of course . 
  i wonder why this is even a question . 
  it is self explanatory . 
   can we really say things will get better in a few generations ? 
  i see it optimistically but in most cases it turned out to be true . 
  well , we will see . 
  huh , i would have thought the distribution to look different . 
  what does tertiary education mean here exactly ? 
  any form of additional education beyond school ? 
  it actually is n't . 
  and the afd did indeed break the silence on certain topics . 
  it is just that their solutions are n't the best and these could be called populist . 
  terrorism still is n't a significant threat , this should be an economical discussion . 
  that is difficult to talk about in the context of people suffering from civil war of course . 
  still , the costs of stemming the tide of immigration are almost as high or even higher than half of our costs for unemployed people inside our social security system . 
  for a generation that already has to carry a huge amount of government bonds in form of rents and pensions . 
  it is a catastrophe that probably will induce many changes to our social security systems .
