  better search for better economic principles and fast . 
  it weakens europe, 
  that is unfortunate but still does n't warrant mandatory vaccination . 
  then you can take a really long shit and you would have a perfect excuse for missing appointments you would like to skip . 
   but want to feel like they are morally better than other people projection , that is why you are in favor of legislation although we reached quotas of 96 % + with voluntary immunization and the problems are infinitesimal small . 
  i would always fully recommend vaccinations but i am opposed to make them mandatory . 
   except some idiotic right wingers with inflated racial ego . 
  yeah , blaming some unrelated conflicts is n't the the topic here . 
  of course you are a criminal if you have no permit of residence and do not leave the country . 
  we did n't enforce that too strongly because of the humanitarian crisis . 
  but we are still lacking instruments to deal with the the situation , which still is unsustainable . 
  italy might close its port effectively rendering the law of the sea null and void . 
  if you can not solve the problem with the theoretically most optimal solution , you have to come to terms with the next best thing . 
  and that would require to have harsher hurdles for support from social systems . 
  otherwise they will also become unstable . 
   it 's our duty to educate them ? 
  maybe not , but it definitely is in our interests . 
  and concerning libya , i would strongly argue that political intervention from western countries is very directly responsible for the current crisis . 
  it was irresponsible and foolish to intervene , even if you are no friend to the former ruler , who is still the dictatorship champion . 
  poland was against it though . 
  so there are still sensible decisions being made . 
  it is correct that we should also prevent them from reaching europe but can also deport them by not providing any support until they leave voluntarily . 
  you just can not award them for coming here illegally . 
  how many would you take ? 
  and after that ? 
  the problem will recurse to itself and we would again have the problem of ports not allowing them to come in . 
  but they are criminals if they have no claim and do n't go back to their country of origin . 
  that classification might seem harsh , but how would you suggest to react instead . 
  just have everyone join ? 
  that is not feasible for any society . 
  alternatives ? 
  why is it dumb ? 
  yes . 
  and if they have no claim , they do n't receive any further support . 
  any support could come from private institutions of course but can not be burdened on whole societies . 
   either way , we should n't let them drown in front of our coastline , its immoral . 
  it is also against the law of the sea to let them drown , so i agree . 
  but any further support should stop there if they have no claim for asylum . 
  africa is just too big to react in any other matter . 
  you know , the more left wing parties often made the mistake to deny decision capabilities of people and really got their asses handed to them in numerous ways . 
  and rightly so . 
  just do n't make the same mistake . 
   this is the truth that people do n't want to admit . 
  because it is pretty much bullshit as a general statement and can be easily falsified . 
   there 's no reason for people to revolt against the eu , because they can just leave it . 
  i think you would be surprised . 
  still , i can not remember a city burning from right wing extremism . 
  we reached vaccination quotas of over 96 % without vaccination being mandatory . 
  it is far from being a no brainer , since autonomous decisions are a far better solution . 
  it is n't even a real problem . 
  and if its not , there should be no legislation . 
  and poor people also lower the success of everyone overall . 
  fuck that too . 
  it is much better this way . 
  not mandatory , just a requirement for public institutions . 
  yeah it is probably better at the coast . 
  too bad , i really like the landscape in the inner regions . 
  if we ever develop a bio weapon that could eradicate all mosquitoes ... i think we should go for it disregarding all potential risks . 
  step 1 : maybe have a tangential point that could be reasonably articulated . 
  step 2 : describe your image of an enemy in detail . 
  step 3 : insult everyone . 
  i love it . 
  i do it the same way . 
  mosquitoes ... mosquitoes everwhere ... 
  my living room is bigger than the parliament of iceland . 
  as a politician , it is highly possible that she does n't have anything against gay marriage but did vote like she did , because it would be outvoted anyway and you do n't alienate your political allies who voted against the change in law . 
  if you read articles about rising optimism , it probably is n't in a good state to begin with . 
  a little bit , yes . 
   i doubt facebook will be able to adapt its content for the tastes of the german people . 
  let 's hope they do n't even try . 
  our government does n't have the competence to deal with the problem at all . 
  from our dear emperor , yes . 
  it might not be a viable law for modern communication . 
   you could see this as a step in the right direction concerning games ? 
  perhaps . 
  otherwise they are currently doing some impressive backflips . 
  would have been quite fitting since her party and her social democratic bootlickers just released a bunch of laws cutting back civil liberties . 
  again ... 
   it 's practically impossible to stop . 
  it could be contained with a critical press . 
  in this case of neelie kroes , it should critically damage her credibility and everyone she has contact with . 
  without restricting the influence , the damage is dealt directly to the parliament . 
  it would also confirm the fears of people wanting to leave the union , since international entities are more vulnerable to this kind of corruption for different reasons . 
  in the 21st century conscription is omitted in more and more countries . 
  it was firstly utilized in in the ancient and it actually does collide with modern law in such a way that we need exceptions to allow it in the context of human rights . 
  but that is not the point and aside of that , i disagree with the equation and the conclusion you draw in this comparison . 
  the expectation on your part results from and error in judgement and fear . 
  why expect anyone to cater to your whims ? 
   the muslim community already bears the brunt of the blame . 
  you can close your eyes to that , or you can accept that as an unfortunate fact [ ... ] this would give justification to the mentioned shortcut of thought . 
  that is the basic point why the `` umbrella group '' thinks it would send the wrong message . 
  and that is still technically correct . 
   but the situation being what it is i disagree . 
  i believe you are looking for an easy sink to put the blame in . 
  which is unjust and has to be pointed out . 
  because it is intellectually dishonest to the core . 
  and it collides with individual criminal responsibility , which is very foundational in modern societies . 
  you would n't throw that away because of feelings , would you ? 
  he is technically correct , since forcing people not involved to distance themselves from acts of terrorism is a form of collective punishment . 
  i also agree with him that it would send a completely wrong message .
