  they can eat all the old people to reduce burden on our pension system . 
  we had this within germany from east to west . 
  now the east is becoming abandoned . 
  they even have wolves there again . 
  relatively intuitive thought but does n't work very well in the long run . 
  classical economic theory, 
  trade means peace . 
  intertwined economies do n't go to war and that is the goal , is n't it ? 
  it was a completely fictional case i made up . 
  thought that would be obvious . 
   if this has a ` chilling effect ' on governments trying to welch on contracts they signed , i do n't see that as a problem . 
  i do . 
  because local governments that sign these contracts do n't have the legal power to compete with international corporations . 
  i understand the request for legal security , but it would require me to restrict the ability of my government to sign contracts like this . 
  they sign deals that the public would have to take responsibility for . 
  so i completely understand the demonstrations against the agreements and think they are necessary . 
  i would need more personal accountability of politicians involved in the deal . 
  corporations would get legal rights but only if is not against the interests of the public . 
  there are some country where this is made sure . 
  i think it is still possible to get investors . 
  they want the market so they have to accept some risks . 
  by whom ? 
  i would say it is an investment risk . 
  edit : so we should also pay for the plastic beads products ? 
   the chances of a modern nuclear plant melting down , especially in germany , are very tiny . 
  it is greater than zero and does n't need further justification beyond the decision of the parliament . 
  it is for the society to judge the risk it wants to take . 
  plastic beads are another current example . 
  should the public be responsible to compensate all the companies using them in their products ? 
  you have to be kidding me . 
   what 's next , nationalizing all means of production using this precedent ? 
  very true . 
  i think it is analog to the trade treaties because investments are part of international trade . 
  this was only possible because of an isds of another agreement . 
  i can not say if that was violated or not . 
  this form of isds was actually kicked from ceta because of public pressure . 
  i am glad that this pressure existed and remains because it seemed to have a positive effect . 
  so the outrage was n't that bad after all in my opinion and most importantly justified . 
  if you could convince people about the advantages of trade agreements in this form and make sure there are no backdoors , this outrage would n't have to happen . 
  but it is a policy descision . 
  due to security reasons we decided that we need to shut down nuclear plants . 
  i do think that this is an overreaction , but it was decided inside the democratic process . 
  it does n't need to be further justified . 
  this would be hindered in the future because companies could demand compensation . 
  this will have an effect on the legislative process . 
  the risks of changed policies are to be taken by the investor . 
  letting the public take up the bill is highly unjust . 
  the protectionism argument still is n't touched at all . 
   i do n't think you understand the purpose of these lawsuits . 
  they are to prevent protectionist behaviour that was the argument . 
  it was an example . 
  i doubt any company would seriously sue against a minimum wage increase . 
  it would destroy their public image . 
  but there are other examples where investor disputes seem counter productive : https://cleantechnica.com/2016/10/17/swedish-utility-suing-germany-closure-brunsbuttel-krummel-nuclear-power-plants/ i am not saying that it would be the end of democracy but this investor dispute is clearly not used to adress protectionism . 
  not even remotely . 
  i just think about if the advantages these agreements promise hold up against potential risks . 
  sounds reasonable , does n't it ? 
  that said , i am in favor of protectionism for essential services like food and water production . 
  every sane country is . 
   did you make that up ? 
  uhm ... yes ? 
  i am as positive as you are on that . 
  it is a danger i see . 
  i am no expert on trade laws but such a scenario would n't seem unlikely to me . 
  there are probably safeguards against that in the legislation of ceta . 
  these are the kind of risks i would put on the scale against the advantages of the trade agreement if i have to have an opinion on it . 
  patent lawsuits are often baseless . 
  they nevertheless bind ressources and put pressure on any legislative process concerning the topic . 
  or a lumber production company invests in canada because the return of investment is very promising . 
  but canada wants to raise the minimum wage that sadly happens to be detrimental to promised profits and the company sues . 
  a company always sues of course , this will be handled like patent laws . 
  even with miniscule chace of success . 
  we might never know because smart legislators will just never increase the minimum wage . 
  that would be stupid because it can get expensive . 
  not because of the wage but the settlement that has to be reached . 
  complicated indeed . 
  how so ? 
  are n't they responsible for the investment promises in that case ? 
  true , major fuckup by cdu . 
  the unified militia of molvan\u00eea, 
  from economical or technical expectations ? 
  do you have the option to not ratify it if you already signed ? 
  as someone from hamburg you should know that evironmental protections already did get scraped in one case so that the city could save money . 
   simply scrap some of the rules that allow these businesses to operate and offer no compensation to the businesses they hurt ? 
  i have consumer protections in my head . 
  a shampoo uses plastic beads for example and governments ban it . 
  does the producing company gets compensated for losses due to having to change production lines ? 
  or more relevant do governments do n't regulate for consumer protections because the risk of having to pay compensation ? 
  imagine the fallout that would come from banning antibiotics for meat production . 
  is n't there an increased risk that this does n't get regulated ? 
  edit : additionally , tax payers have to shoulder the responsibilities government could be subjected to . 
  what rights do consumers get out of this treaties ? 
  do they have some kind of litigious ? 
  or should they just try to cut the deal ? 
  edit2 : vattenfall sues germany because of their abolition of nuclear power . 
  tax payers would have to pay the tab . 
  the city of hamburg compromised about water protection because they wanted to circumvent financial damages . 
  do you have an example of detrimental litigations that happened in the past because of other agreements ? 
  does it matter ? 
  if you want to strike a deal , you have to convince people .
