  that includes governmental institutions . 
  this is n't connected to democracy at all . 
  yes , and a restriction of every form of governance . 
  it is not specifically adverse to ( pure ) democracy at all . 
  edit : added word, 
   i believe a country based on rule of law is better than a purely democratic country . 
  in most democratic countries the rule of law is firmly esablished . 
  the rule of law is important but it is n't even a form of governance . 
   why ? 
  because you do n't know of anything that is better that would solve any form of legitimacy problems . 
   the declining results are due to increasing sophistication of the responders i would have come to the opposite conclusion and i think it is pretty easy to not be surprised by this outcome . 
  polls - they are just not correct . 
  i am sick of campaigning for this shit . 
  just drop the support of the comission and it will sort itself out in the long run . 
  nothing new that spy agencies have become more of a liability than of any use . 
  no , this is a completely transparent political tactic . 
  the law might get repelled but the compromise will still be increased surveillance . 
  we had that for years now and only in the same direction . 
  but there were no repercussions when they ignored the law . 
  the secret services have illegally intercepted communications and nothing happened . 
  now they just want to make it legal and i bet they do . 
  you also would need to be able to litigate against this behaviour , which is impossible due to the nature of the lines of communication . 
  they also want to increase surveillance with facial recognition and increase video surveillance . 
  we still did n't have any serious terror attacks . 
  this is irrational behaviour . 
  they need a retirement home and fast . 
  the only defense against this is to increase disinformation and that would get us to the most populist political soltutions . 
  the pirate party in germany was the shit . 
  they had some good people at the top for some time but it was n't nearly as innovative as in many other countries . 
  all topics the internal quarrels revolved around were benign , silly and in the end fatal . 
  i ask myself which party i should vote that these infidels stop their atrocious and damaging behaviour . 
  far right parties so that everything collapses in a fiery shitstorm ? 
  need advices ... let 's hope they get fed their own medicine and some random russian hacks their asses away . 
  if he continues on this path i think his posture while taking a shit will become information of public interest . 
  if this is a play to lay focus on the fact the eu protections are important i would suggest to just stop being shit . 
  i am totally fine with you walking in the park . 
  did you know i prefer green curtains ? 
  completely irrational , i know . 
  i angrily think that he is correct . 
  i heard they serve little children for breakfast in parliament . 
   there are many good arguments to be made in favour of change . 
  that is true as long as you do n't force it on others . 
  looking inwards could actually be a good right now . 
  there has to be balance . 
  i heard finland wants to get rid of roads and just wants to plaster everything with asphalt . 
  best argument for brexit if you are not british . 
  the russians argue that the us and eu also breached that memorandum by influencing elections in kiew by backing the pro-democracy movement . 
  these allegations are not completely unsubstantial . 
  putin stated very openly to be opposed to the lgbt movement . 
  it is a scapegoat of course and he meant other underlying values . 
  true , although i do think that at least our social - , tax - and health-systems are in dire need to be adjusted to demographic change to be fit for the future . 
  agenda 2010 was kind of necessary but it also introduced a lot of shitty policies . 
  it would be greatly needed to have a reconciliation about its success and where it made things even worse . 
  we can say that our budget is balanced right now , great , but that is n't really an achievement at all . 
  i agree . 
  many europeans here seem to not get enough hugs . 
  i do n't get the hysteria towards russia and turkey . 
  yeah , that is pretty lacking . 
   i currently own a vw an electric one ? 
  i know 2 people waiting for their tesla . 
  it has already become a meme but i am sure they get it in 2017 ... yeah , sure . 
  they should have chosen trabant for electric mobility of the future . 
  saddam was propped up to fight against iran but he had other plans . 
  so why the intervention after that ? 
  just trying to clean up shit ? 
  humanitarian interventionism is a silly excuse , there are a lot of interests in this region . 
  at least i would n't believe this explanation even if blair would believe it himself . 
  tip for making the eu popular : instead of demonizing the critics try to highlight the advantages of the union . 
  i think it has to do with curbing civil liberties for years with the rationale of increased terrorism . 
  the more liberal parties did n't defend against this because they were incompetent . 
  now we see a different strategy where everyone justs wants to elevate these strategies to their ridiculous endresult . 
  our rights must be curbed for security ? 
  okey then , let us vote for someone like trump . 
  i am still in strong denial about that . 
  i think most people would risk it to escape their situation . 
  especially with the promises smugglers tell them . 
  better use a russian one . 
  collected data will become public if the timeframe is great enough . 
  government has to be transparent so that the sovereign can hold it accountable . 
  that does n't work the other way around . 
  sadly , the left in my country is also in favour of surveillance . 
  they are n't really reliant in this regard . 
  at all . 
  it was also a vote to restore accountability . 
  that clearly failed . 
   not really . 
  merkel 's success was that she never communicated anything . 
  this is not completely wrong but it says alot about her rivals . 
  she just needed to do nothing to succed . 
  it is like the spanish strategy right now . 
  is not all true though , she was always a diplomatic chancelor . 
  someone who wielded the office with much less populism than schr\u00f6der before her . 
  good politician since it seems to be difficult to make binding commitments in these times, 
  but not a day later !, 
  you both said the same things, 
  he was one of the last good poeple inside the spd so the party could disolve now . 
   president is a mostly honorific position in germany . 
  more like completely honorific . 
  he needs to sign laws but it is more of an automated process . 
  there are just a few exceptions when presidents refused to do so .
