  just saying that this is not an argument at all . 
  disclaimer : this is not a statement about the advantages/disadvantages toward leaving/remaining in the eu . 
  edit : strikethrough, 
  just laughing loudly if official figures get their data stolen . 
  they had it coming and they wanted user data to be transparent . 
  yes, 
  not their problem . 
  clear and simple as it gets . 
  edit : removed quote, 
  `` ms von der leyen insisted a european army was off the agenda . 
  but she is pushing for an eu combined civilian-military headquarters that would allow eu states to pool capabilities . '', 
  i think that is a good solution . 
  very true and i think it is completely fine that way . 
  we could do well with fewer children . 
  the notion that we need more children to help our social security system to survive is wrong on so many levels . 
  it would also help the environment to have lesser children . 
  that is another very touchy subject . 
  i think current policies lead to a straight way to doom . 
  exaggerated of course , but the discussion about birth rates is either wrong or intentionally dishonest . 
  i prefer crashing our welfare system . 
  it has become a pyramid scheme anyway and is inevitable . 
  it is a ridiculous justification in the first place . 
   you definitely should . 
  they are the only decisions that can be measured and weighted . 
  no , i have not the ability to measure the degree of my rationalization and no one else does either . 
  apart from that being exceptionally boring , there is of course a point to rationality and it is the most beneficial decision in most cases . 
  there is also the fact that the rational point of view often changes with development . 
  we would n't even need democracy if there is just one factually correct way . 
  a lot of our ethical frameworks are n't based on pure rationality . 
  is it rational to drink alcohol ? 
  probably not and it is certainly not healthy . 
  i will do it anyway . 
  do you know who did n't drink it ? 
  why are n't you looking forward to the election ? 
  what could anyone ever want besides trump or clinton ? 
  true , although there are cases where you have all the facts and there are many possibilities how to alter course in relation to it . 
  distilling a `` factually correct policy '' is impossible in most cases . 
  politics is a game of compromise . 
  also you should n't only make rational decisions . 
  not in your life and not in politics . 
  because many solely rational decisions would be quite horrible . 
  same with the other extreme of course . 
   there are countless rules that dictate how politics work regardless of specifics of the political system in state in question . 
  i do n't think so because most these rules are not set in stone . 
  there was a distinctly different set of rules during most times in europe and your comment was directed at criticism against party systems . 
  as you mentioned the specifics define the rules as in electional law , voting rights , campaign rules and their fiancing , rules for lobbying , ethical codes , legislative procedures and much more . 
  all subject to change . 
  name one rule that is inherently defined . 
  not an easy task . 
  the specifics define the rules , not the other way around . 
  while true there is no rule that dictates `` this is how politics work '' . 
  the article criticises that politics currently do n't give choices and the reaction is populism . 
  i believe it to be a correct analysis . 
  it is just a statement that this is how politics currently work . 
  and it does n't work very well . 
  i needs to adapt to new needs and evolve . 
  `` these large entities '' need to have a connection to the electorate , otherwise they lack democratic legitimacy . 
  ultimatively you are dependend on the fact that democratic decisions must be carried by the people you want to represent . 
  otherwise they will take the populist option . 
  and rightly so . 
  not being able to explain the reasons for your decisions is no excuse . 
  there is also a problem that within these large entities competition grows stronger between individuals of the same party than the opposition to other parties . 
  that distorts the direction the elctorate voted for . 
  but that is another topic . 
   mostly because it 's generally frowned upon to collide together humans at high velocities to study their inner workings . 
  that are just cultural norms and results from the expectations of our society . 
  in every culture beside the french one . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  `` je ne sais rien '' was for those with elevated skills . 
   comments like this make me so angry . 
  yeah , that does n't matter . 
   your child is not your self it is not myself but it does n't belong to society either . 
  it has rights for itself . 
  and this includes to make the decisions or to delegate them to other persons . 
   you either adapt or lose the child and who should have the authority to decide that ? 
  society ? 
  child care services are a must for a functioning state but there are reasons for limitations . 
  sometimes they are wrong , sometimes they are correct . 
  i think that balance is endangered in this case . 
   i do n't get why this even needs to be discussed i do and it is discussed . 
  while it is a fact that vaccination did root out very dangerous diseases and therefore saved many lives , it is not for the state to decide this . 
  you could make it a requirement for schools and child care which would effectively have the same result . 
  but it is important to not have the state meddle in self determination regarding health care . 
  the problem just is n't there . 
   not really . 
  there are other parties who can sue in this regard . 
  but they do not because of political reasons . 
   disagree . 
  i do n't really like what they are doing but i do n't think they are doing anything illegal/against the rules . 
  me too . 
  because i think we see state financing with mechanisms that are intended to hide the fact . 
  yeaah true . 
  i think that is a very indirect way to do it . 
  you would n't have the possibility to sue before the eugh . 
  still , pretty shallow way to evade the fact that they did break rules , if you withdraw yourself to a posititon to say that there was n't a ruling against the ecb . 
  there were deliberate steps to inhibit the possiblity of such a ruling . 
  that was a confession in itself . 
  that is beside the issue of the ecb very blatently breaking the rules . 
  it is a bit like pissing someone in the face and claiming that there is n't a ruling against that . 
  i think it is insane that i can not piss in the forest if i have to .
