  basic enonomy , if you will . 
  http://www.ase.tufts.edu/gdae/policy_research/ceta_simulations.html perhaps 99 % have read the ( 45363345-pages ) - deal and you do n't know about it . 
  that is highly improbable of course . 
  nearly as low as the ability of parliaments to assess the consequences of the deal . 
  the current and more important question is if the eu stays capable of acting . 
  i do n't really see that as my problem , since the commission really pushed ahead alone with the deals . 
  so if it is a good or bad deal is not at the center of the argument of people against the agreement . 
  anyway , ceta could be a chance and it could be misused by lawers . 
  i do n't see the need to increase the realm of jurisdiction beyond borders at this point . 
  `` ceta supporters say it would increase trade between the partners by 20 per cent and boost the eu economy by 12 billion euros ( us$ 13 billion ) a year and canada 's by c$ 12 billion ( us$ 9 billion ) . '', 
  i think it is a question if this is worth going against public support . 
  there is also the big jurisdictional problem . 
  so tax payer get a lot more responsibility , if a company sues against policies of a trade partner . 
  i do n't see a risk assesment about this . 
  there are other opinions : http://www.ase.tufts.edu/gdae/policy_research/ceta_simulations.html it also seems that less than 20 % of beligians support the agreement . 
  so why sign it ? 
  ceta is n't just about free trade . 
  what are the advantages ? 
  true , true . 
  i would understand it if they would at least get time to serve in psychiatry . 
  currently our law is much more aggressive to someone not paying health insurance or public broadcasters than to someone raping anyone . 
  in short , it has become a burocratic joke . 
  while the women-kitchen relation was certainly part of nazi-propaganda , there is also a huge other factor that explains why you would work fewer hours : luxury and leisure . 
  these two things do n't exist in post-communist countries . 
  source : asked a romanian , if he was ever happy . 
   to believe the anti-greek propaganda that started in germany a few years ago . 
  this was actually started by the german press . 
  merkel made a pretty neutral statement about how rent and social benefits need to be normalized between countries before there could be more extensive financial help . 
  this was mainly due to pressures from her own party and their voters . 
  i also believe that she is n't incorrect on this one . 
  the more left leaning press then concluded she would have said that greeks are lazy , which is n't true at all . 
  i do n't think it is a very common preconception here and it got blown way out of proportion , just a topic of political skirmishes withing germany . 
  that productivity of many service providers ( there are exceptions ) does n't scale well with development is correct . 
  if you have an economy focused on it , you can not just increase productivity . 
  this kind of industry scales well , if there are consumers and they have been in decline over europe . 
  you have to be pretty perverted in your head , if you think that having to work more hours is more just towards yourself . 
  this is something you tell hr , not something you should really believe . 
  because every kind of deal comes with responsibilities , which are hard to judge , given the length of the agreements . 
   that 's not simplistic . 
  but i am beginning to think that you just hate the idea . 
  that would actually be a sufficient justification in democracies . 
  of course you would have to convince everyone . 
  you made a really good start of convincing me about the benefits of trade deal . 
  top notch . 
  http://www.ase.tufts.edu/gdae/policy_research/ceta_simulations.html not that i think all the points are correct , saying that everyone should support is , is dishonest . 
  there is also much protest against it . 
  the deal is less important because of its contents but because the eu has to save face . 
  that is not necessarily the problem of the voters . 
  i believe you , it was just the assumption i had . 
  i do n't know anything about trading , just read about the workings of some bots . 
  at least what is publicly available . 
  quite a huge industry with questionable productivity . 
  well , these bots got more intelligent . 
  they spoof buying/selling to get other bots to react . 
  then terminate the transaction in the last second . 
  having a latency-less connection becomes very important . 
  but it is not the bots who are a problem . 
  it should be part of a broader discussion if we want to have a legislative influence on trading or not . 
  thanks, 
   high-frequency trade tends to reinforce market turbulence . 
  i would have thought to see the opposite effect . 
  having turbulences on a microscopic level but more smoothing for prices overall . 
  great idea . 
  i wonder why this does n't happen more often , it such a brilliant plan . 
   it means you air your grievances and get a representative to vote for you . 
  that is not inherent in the definition of democracy and we burden ourselves with it for a number of reasons . 
  i do n't think they hold anyone back , so please substract 1 from the 500 million . 
  of course you are paying . 
  at least 200 $ bucks every month . 
  theoretically you would release these altered genome in the environement where it could change prevalent flora . 
  that will happen . 
  if that is good or bad should be evaluated on a case-by-case basis . 
  saying gmo bad or gmo good is not sufficient . 
  animal antibiotic usage is a gigantic problem . 
  vaccines would actually decrease this . 
  but meh ... 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/vattenfall-vs-germany-power-plant-battle-goes-to-international-arbitration-a-636334.html the result has been a settlement , where environemental protections were sidelined . 
  article is from 2009 , so it is kind of ancient history . 
  but it very well decribes to conflict of involved parties . 
  my take would be that democracy and environemental protections are sidelined to a large degree . 
  what advantages do you think we would gain from these agreement that could give them more balance ? 
  i doubt you would get popular support for ceta in the rest of the union . 
  dishonest argument . 
  well the many other parts of europe are n't really unquestionably supporting ceta , so this argument could be seen as a bit dishonest , if you want to balance out their decision with `` the rest of the eu '' . 
   it 's that simple . 
  and the correct thing to do . 
  we are not some selfless fucking freedom fighters . 
  yes , syria is a proxy . 
  we did intervene in syria , this is why russia got interested in the first place . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rc1mepk_sw, 
  first world problem . 
  you are fucked if you live in the pampa in brandenburg . 
  putting a vast amount of people in prison for minor offences and force them to work ? 
  clearly profitable for the prisons . 
  not so much for tax payers . 
  it would be great if there is a modern picture of witnessing the first traffic jam . 
  i think if this is guaranteed and communicated there would be much less opposition to these agreements . 
  completely irrelevant and a distortion of the argument . 
  from the article :  [ ... ] risk watering down consumer , labour and environmental protections . 
  i think this argument often gets distorted .
