  it is true that we also profit economically from immigration . 
  but i think the return of investment will only be accessible in a few generations later . 
  there is actually a reason for austerity politics and it has to do with generational equity . 
  yes , these kind of policies are n't fitting for other countries but that is another problem and due to completely different reasons . 
  whenever a state increases debt , it is always on the back of future generations . 
  there is no exception to this . 
  all that aside , germany has profited massively from immigration . 
  just look at polish or turkish people that came here before . 
  our economy is dependant on it . 
  still , i would love the afd and people screeching racism on every occasion to be sucked into a void to be able to discuss these problems openly . 
  i like schulz but yeah , it is pretty likely . 
  quite an accurate political analysis you came up with . 
  seriously . 
  i really dislike his travel ban too but this ? 
  there are really good petitions about very interesting and pressing topics . 
  not that petitions change anything . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i like the queen but it is such a waste of energy . 
  she probably had to meet many people she did n't like and this just seems petty . 
  the site is awesome though . 
  clean , easy and you can download petition data as a json file . 
  brilliant . 
   it is really hard to sell to the german public to let it go , but if we do n't let it go we 'll never move the eu forward . 
  it is just that it is n't in the interest of the public and the goal to `` move the eu forward '' is tremendously blurred . 
  letting it go would be a devastating mistake . 
  i only need to compromise on a topic where i see benefits for myself . 
  sorry , but that is a political reality . 
  and never trust someone who denies their own interests . 
  i think this sub is actually quite balanced . 
  i believe it has seen better times but that might only feel that way . 
  it definitely changed after it became a default sub but not to a degree it is often proclaimed if a sub gets promoted . 
  some people say that coffee helps against congestion . 
  why the need for water if you can just piss on your hands ? 
  thank you my government for sharing our data before all this . 
  you are not a bunch of stupid , incompetent pricks in violation of everything one could call decent . 
  lowest rate in seven years !, 
  i do n't think it will collapse if the trend to social division is adressed correctly . 
  i doubt trust issues could effectively be countered with these kind of measures . 
  not really quantifiable . 
  probably not . 
  try to define a success condition for it . 
  ah , the druid ... 
  it is still a bad idea and would n't work at all . 
  iceland should do it . 
  the end of the world comes eventually , so why the rush ? 
   i have read one of his books ghostwriters have written for him under his brand . 
  the civil resistance is the important part . 
  no government can function without considerable amount of support by its population . 
  supression works to a degree , but not in countries where people are accustomed to freedom . 
  general disengagement would be even more effective than possessing a gun , of course . 
  just make surveillance something very , very expensive , so it can not be justified anymore . 
  many people actually do this by voting for more right wing parties , although these would probably develop in a worse direction . 
  but since accountability on this topic is non-existant , it seems to be the only choice . 
  creating jobs and maybe something will come from it . 
  the eu has many investments and sponsorships for all kind of projects . 
  not everything will be successful , but this site seems quite decent . 
  no idea if it is usable . 
  waze and maps are quite good in general terms , yes . 
  maybe they could adapt regional information to make something out of this service . 
   instead of reverting all previous policies every 4 years and doing a complete 180 i think there is an agreement that this does n't happen at least for one period of legislation . 
  do n't know if there is actually a law to ensure this or if it is only a tradition . 
  skoda often employs the same technology as vw and they have a better price-quality ratio in my opinion . 
  i have a very good impressions of their cars . 
  me and russia willl to destroy the anti-christ . 
  obama did a pretty bad job in his last days . 
  especially with his surveillance empowerment . 
  i do n't get it , his legacy wo n't really improve with this , he did n't live up to ( realistic ) expectations and there is n't much on display anymore . 
  bringing health care to america was a giant step in the correct direction but there is little else in my opinion . 
  i would n't be angry if you call me naive , but i would prefer to judge trump at the end of his presidency . 
  are you planning to buy sweden soon ? 
  in what way ? 
  this is pretty much what happened and not at all uncritical of the soviet union as you would see in the remarks about the fdr . 
  that is not really true . 
  of course problems like climate change have to be adressed on an international level . 
  but that aside , it is pretty much a fact that sovereignty it transfered from the national state to eu institutions . 
  you could substitue sovereignty with authority , if you like to do so , but it nevertheless is still true . 
  if we could acknowledge this fact we could discuss where this might perhaps be desirable and advantageous for everyone . 
  it is not infantile to argue this at all , i think plainly denying the fact authority is transfered comes closer to that . 
  sovereignty about fiscal debt would be an example for the euro zone . 
  there are others for the single market . 
  yes , in that regard , walls do work . 
  you can test this by running as fast as you can against one . 
  still , it only worked in coherence with a totalitarian regime . 
  this is why we actually celebrate the fall of the wall . 
  not because it was ugly , but because it is seen as synonymous for said regime . 
  an in the context of the tweet in question , which probably tries to make an argument for a wall towards mexico , it might come of a bit wrong . 
  so you would have some work to do on the topic of `` strategic communication '' . 
  if it was meant to provoke you can consider my criticism as void . 
  a source about being build to keep people in or about that it did n't work ? 
  to be fair , that wall was build to keep people in . 
  did n't work at all though . 
  not completely wrong but it will get downvoted to hell . 
  that would be quite a positive development . 
  i do n't know how scientists get compensated by publishers but i think the removal of the paywall would further increase the reach of their studies . 
  the curiosity of hobby researchers gets slamed down by these walls quite effectively . 
  not everyone has a big department behind their back to pay for it . 
  we still have the unfavourable situation that research has to be funded , but that is another problem that i do n't think can be resolved by publishers as the middleman . 
  remember the last autocratic regime in the us ? 
  and if they want to have a reality tv star as president , that is entirely possible . 
  i do see it .
