  less than 8 % and we are talking about financial jobs here . 
  that are n't real jobs . 
   [ ... ] the last thing you want to do is burn bridges before anyone even walks on them . 
  good thing nobody did that ... fools ... 
  i try to think about oettinger while reflecting about this . 
  i do n't believe he makes better policies than lothar matth\u00e4us . 
  if he does n't get some really strong pressure and is held accountable for his actions we would hit a wall pretty quickly . 
  many countries have disposed inconvenient personell towards the eu ( bad ones and good ones . 
  if you are competent you are sometimes not very popular under colleagues . ), 
  so we currently do n't really have the cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me of the political establishment . 
  a lot of antidemocratic tendencies here . 
  i do n't even wonder why britain wants to go alone anymore . 
  if the arguments at least had consistency ... 
  you are then arguing against legislative power on the eu level then . 
  or not ? 
  how could a central technocratic leadership could make efficient decisions on the basis of your argument ? 
  i am neither arguing against hierarchy nor meritocracy . 
  and nations do have a fundamentally different structure and purpose then the other institutions you mentioned which have no part in legislature at all . 
  democracy has the inherent problems with popularity contests , autocracies have problems with corruption . 
  there is no benevolent dictator . 
   it 's not only sustainable , it works exceptionally well . 
  because it has not problem of legitimacy because of its democratic components . 
  this part is really important . 
  otherwise governments tend to get unstable after a while . 
  edit : sentence, 
  true , but the normal case is that people vote on issues that affect themselves . 
  and i do n't advocate for direct democracy to be implemented tomorrow . 
  but responsiblities can be learned and countries where there is more involvement the responsibility evolves . 
  the other direction is the hazardous one . 
  if people are n't involved in important decisions they stop voting . 
  that would be the end of democracy in the first place . 
  being afraid of more participation is not sustainable in the future . 
  technocracy does n't work . 
  ever wondered why voter participation is steadily in decline ? 
  i am not putting blame on anyone . 
  it is a simple truth that if you fail to explain your policies people will vote you out . 
  there is a lot of talk here that people vote `` wrong '' and fail to educate themselves on the issues . 
  what i do n't see here is that poeple can back up their positions and in reality are the ones putting out a lot of blame . 
   if the people want to carry power they also must be held responsible . 
  the government has to justify its actions . 
  you have inverted the question of legitimacy . 
  the populus can only be held accountable if they had the ability to influence policies . 
  edit : word, 
  if there is a case of `` the people do n't understand '' it is mostly a result of incompetent leadership . 
  it is satire with a hint of truth . 
  clinton - left wing ? 
  what also could have played a role is that with the current backlash to immigration the more left wing audience tried to reinforce their argument that you should n't generalize all immigrants because of some bad actors . 
  but then turned around and labeled all brexit voters as stupid and racist . 
  that is a dumb strategy if many people have the impression that there are two kinds of standards for different demographics . 
  yeah , some of those kids might look like 30 year old men . 
  you would have to see beyond that . 
   thus now there is abosolutely no reasoning why germany should n't start paying for what it has destroyed . 
  how about no . 
  i agree . 
  or at least there should be accountability if personal data gets exposed to third parties . 
  that might also curb the amount of data some companies like to extract from customers . 
  people that should endorse cloud services for sensible data applications : marketeers . 
  always great to make people dependent on your product . 
  people that should not : everyone else . 
  there is an argument to be made that badly maintained it-systems are worse than some services . 
  but that is something you can work on . 
  cloud services are of great for sharing information . 
  not for storing personal information . 
  is is scary how governments are handling this situation . 
  it will get really tough if he starts to call himself enlightened and starts to question the intelligence of people with different opinions . 
  not that i would endorse this particular move in poland . 
  i do n't claim it to be a theory and more a shitpost on reddit . 
  but anyway , if you want people to adhere to a treaty , you need acceptance for it . 
  otherwise poland will have its reforms and the treaty becomes a piece of paper and any law becomes outdated before it even could enforce anything . 
  oh , i think it is very relevant to the conversation . 
  despite it being relevant to legislative or judicial processes or not , i think it is the most important topic for such a treaty to get any acceptance . 
  which is quite lacking . 
  and if acceptance is lacking too much , it is n't worth anything . 
   it is absolutely improbable that a second generation immigrant would have that many babies in his adoptive country . 
  you only need one generation for the change to occur if you think a little bit ahead . 
  the only relevant number is the distribution in the younger generations . 
  one generation is enough to enact a heavy demographic change . 
  it is still shit . 
  it was n't adopted with democratic legitimization . 
  this is exactly why it can not be a constitution . 
  but our constitution limits the amount of sovereignty that can be transferred . 
  lisboa is n't worth much to be honest . 
  that is why the commission needs to be bitch-slapped from time to time . 
  we do n't have a de facto federal governmental body . 
  it lacks legitimacy in every corner . 
  theresa may is your pm . 
  have fun and good luck . 
  yeah , but our lawmakers could be a little bit more enthusiastic about freedom of expression that online communications provide . 
  and that despite it being abused from time to time because that does n't matter at all . 
  the content of your comment makes it very likely that you yourself are in favor of increased state influence on online communications . 
  she wanted to sell a `` verl\u00e4ngerter '' to me but i told her that i do not support witchcraft . 
  it took some time to explain , although one would think that coffee with milk is rather self-explanatory . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  tried to buy a coffee with milk on an austrian train once . 
  they did n't know what i was talking about . 
  basic economic principles will at one point inevitably collide with reality , as in resources or ecological debt . 
  especially if we are talking about population growth . 
  or is there a point in this basic principle that would allow not to have an ever increasing number of human workers ? 
  exponential productivity increase ? 
  equally unrealistic .
