  i know that consumer protections are better in other countries depending on product and industry and vice versa . 
  i see the problem in future adjustments of laws regarding these topics . 
  any change would have to be negotiated with every trading partner . 
  a country would n't be allowed to increase protections anymore , since it would be a violation of trade agreements and potentially the country also risks being sued . 
  is that wrong ? 
  yes or no ? 
  for example spain decides that plastics are detrimental to public health and creates a law to protect consumers and outlaws any product containing it . 
  would it still be possible ? 
  would there be possible roadblocks ? 
  why is there only a choice between yes and yes ? 
  who would give such an ultimatum ? 
  make that transparent and the influence dwindles to zero because they would have to justify their position and legitimation and would have to answer for it . 
   you get that this would be a fundamental breach of our domestic rule of law , right ? 
  i doubt it . 
   however , the german government 's approach to storing of visitors ' dynamic ip addresses prior to wednesday 's ruling may come across as something of a double standard . 
  what do you mean with `` may come across '' . 
  it is a double standard . 
  not visiting official pages should be the result of users . 
  nice !, 
   why has our government not diversified the economy to be honest that is not the responsibility of government . 
  it can create incentives and assistance , but the influence it can and should have is limited . 
  the middle class shrinking is not a phenonemon only occuring in russia . 
  i believe fossil fuels will stay relevant for a foreseeable future and it is not the worst investment from a purely economic perspective . 
  even if prices are low at the moment . 
  if they coordinate with arab competitors it could be a highly lucrative endavor . 
  gerrymandering is a process which is elevated by degressive proportionality , not the other way around . 
  there is a reason it is practiced besides its inherent democratic problems but these problems multiply with the numbers of participators . 
  additionally the argument , that local interests would be protected is untrue due to the structure of the parliament . 
  it does n't address any local issues at all . 
  it would only have legitimacy , if we had european wide voting lists . 
  it would even elevate the incentive of nation states to split in smaller subregions because it would increase their influence . 
  catalonia voters suddenly would have a much larger vote im eu elections ... 
  this problem should have been reduced by degressive proportionality , not increased like it is the case right now . 
   without the eu , it would n't have a function . 
  uh , if any form of policy making would be more effective to be solved at a national or local level , the parliament would n't be inclined to take the reasonable approach because it would be against their legitimation . 
  this can create many conflicts with the interest of voters . 
  exactly for the reason you mentioned . 
  if it does n't have competency , it does n't need to exist . 
  it is an end in itself problem . 
  overall it is one of the core criticisms of the lisboa treaty . 
  and rightly so in my opinion . 
  i like the fact the a low value currency is bad for consumers and households and that this simple and obvious fact is finally acknowledged . 
  i like that a lot . 
  we still fail to have some basic tenets of democracy implemented . 
  that every vote has equal value for example . 
  they are still weighted depending on the country of origin . 
  the parliament only recently got more powers and it would have to be further extended . 
  there is also the point that the parliament is n't independent in a way that its fate is connected to the eu as institution . 
  i do n't think people have written it off . 
  it is just a fact that solidarity beyond our national borders requires some form of equity beyond them as well . 
  this can only be achieved with a political union . 
  now we have zombie institutions like the esm without going anywhere . 
  there is also the fact that some economies are at a different state of development . 
  i think it is wrong that the stronger ones could incite development in the weaker regions , if you scrap any form of trade barrier . 
  i think we would see a different effect . 
  educated citizens would concentrate in places further developed and more and more regions get left behind . 
  this can be countered by policies but would require more intergovernmental cooperation besides common fiscal policies . 
  i do n't see how that could work . 
  otherwise we are left behind with an utopist dream . 
  so develop the political union first . 
  that takes time , of course but the alternative would end in poverty for everyone . 
  preferably yes , but they do n't have the capacity to realistically process the pleas . 
  it is also not a requirement for applying for asylum , which it should be if they get expanded . 
  agriculture in modern industrial nations only works with subsidies . 
  you just can not compete on an open market with countries who have a fraction of employment costs . 
  these are definitely protectionist policies . 
  and i do think they are needed and justified . 
  if trade breaks for some unknown reason , you still have the means to produce food . 
  pretty important . 
  growth should be second to basic supply . 
  make greenland green ( again ) !, 
  we would need to create local institutions where you could plea for asylum . 
  if it is valid we could also allow for transportation . 
  there is a need to undermine the business of people smugglers so it would reduce this problem . 
  we would also only get people who are valid for asylum . 
  you could also make it a requirement to use the local service or you risk being transported back . 
  overall this would still be much more cheap for everyone involved and smugglers would be put out of business . 
  it was n't used when the euro was introduced . 
  just saying , this argument is often bad . 
  they both have in common that their opponents are pretty terrible . 
  merkel just has no opposition . 
  within her pary and outside of it . 
  the biggest competitor party currently forms a coalition with merkels party . 
  not the best place for an opponent to build any profile . 
  especially if the current political situation demands unity of the coalition . 
  the smaller parties currently have no faces that could represent them . 
   moreover , this just reinforces the overall social notion that adoptive / artificially-conceived parents are n't ` real ' parents . 
  this is not for society to judge , it should be the decision of the child . 
  prejudices are not to be fought on the back of the interest of children . 
  my argument only targets this issue . 
  of course there could be uncomfortable situations , but wheater or not adoptive parents are the ` real ' parents is an individual choice of the kid in question . 
  medical diagnosis could be improved by knowing the medical history of the relatives , but it is actually one of the weaker arguments for a right to know the biological parents , in my opinion . 
  as medical diagnosis capabilities improve , it will be of lesser relevance . 
  the only point i want to convey is the answer to the question , if a child should have the right to know its biological parents to which i would say that it should have this right because it might be important for the individual . 
  of course it could be hurtful for the kid if it finds out that its parents gave it away for adoption . 
  it should also not have the right to freely choose guardianship . 
   if you use artificial insemination , the biological parents are the actual parents ( we do n't talk about adoption there ) . 
  it was meant in context of the quote i made . 
  in the case of gay couples at least one of them is n't the biological parent ( not talking about edge cases ) . 
  i do think that it matters to some and i think that decision should be up to the child an it should get that right .
