  of couse trump praises putin because some of his political enemies loose their shit and do hillarious things if he does it . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2016/12/27/why-its-so-hard-to-prove-russia-was-behind-the-election-hacks/ )  officials at the fbi and the cia have agreed that hackers targeted the democratic national committee and hillary clinton 's campaign chairman , john podesta , to boost trump . 
  president obama suggested this month that russian president vladimir putin knew about the hacks . 
  this is hillarious . 
  look at the information provided here . 
  it is quite funny because they really try hard not to lie but to be suggestive in this article . 
  - putin knew about the hacks . 
  yeah , who does n't . 
  - the hackers wanted to influence the election . 
  no shit , they published information about it and lastly and most importantly the obama administration did actively influence democratic elections in foreign countries . 
  i like obama but i also like reality , fairness and truth . 
  the democratic party failed on every accountable level in these regards and i would still have voted for them . 
  but i can clearly understand why people would have enough . 
  blaming putin is just the cream on this idiocy . 
  edit : forgot to answer the question the linked article posed in its headline : because there is n't any evidence . 
  it is the car industry that does it . 
  ca n't you see ?!, 
  you sheep fucking sheep . 
   the most rational and logical ~ ~ conclusion ~ ~ assumption is it 's russia . 
  and nothing that would justify sanctions at all . 
  regardless of the crimea situation . 
  so actually no facts , got it . 
  i think most of her opposition has already collected enough skeletons to make her chancelor . 
  the only danger currently might be privacy protections and the states sharing of personal data with foreign intelligence . 
  but this is n't important to a critical mass . 
  since everyone is circlejerking against russia , that wo n't happen anyway . 
  immigration is a big issue but she is the most `` conservative '' option to be elected here besides the afd . 
  so chances are great . 
  what about the percents that trump lost because every corporate news media demonized him beyond recognition ? 
  the russia angle is stupid . 
  even if they were behind the leak ( evidence for that is extremely weak ) they just delivered the transparency voters always requested . 
  putting out sanctions on this weak evidence is just a really bad policy decision to be honest . 
  regardless of any unresolved situations within europe . 
  these are explainations no 10-year old should believe anymore . 
  i am not saying that voting for trump is a good decision . 
  but his political enemies could try it with honesty , might impress someone . 
  but they actually want both . 
  the eu can not show leniency because of brexit . 
  i think this is really fucked up . 
  although very true , that is like eating an egg while it is still inside the chicken . 
  wait a minute ... that sounds tasty . 
  if you increase immigration there will be many more jobs requiring social studies . 
   not currently ready for : the balkanisation of big countries well ... 
  i guess you are correct on this one . 
  i see your big picture and i can imagine it to work somehow . 
  i am still not really convinced if i want to see this future realized . 
  to a european military/security complex : one big mechanism to keep a `` military industrial complex '' and intelligence services in check is to have them be responsible for their own population . 
  i know there are people who `` share solidarity with the world '' , but practically that is not a case for the military or intelligence services . 
  they would be european mercenaries working for a european bureaucracy . 
  accountability is far more effectivly reached if authorities are recruited from your `` neighbors '' . 
  currently i do n't have the trust in european governmental structures that i would take this step . 
  i think they would have a political obligation to prove their responsibility to be able to pull that off . 
  a whole lot of that obligation , actually . 
  edit : forgot an aditional question : to what end ? 
  what would improve ? 
  to put europe on the map ? 
  to have more equality ? 
  i guess if you have such a fatalistic look at it , i would see it as a better option of course . 
  but how would these transfers look like ? 
  if capital is transfered from the north to south or east to west , it really has to be paid by taxpayers . 
  what do they get out of this deal ? 
  i get that we should strive for more solidarity within europe and that it is n't in a good state right now . 
  but you can not lay this burden on someone without giving anything back . 
  imaging citizens of italy get pensions from the age of 60 . 
  how would you convince a citizen of denmark who gets a pension from the age of 99 to pay for state deficits of certain countries with better conditions und their respective social contract ? 
  these examples are of course completely fictious , but do you see where i am getting at with this ? 
  that aside , the efficiency of these transfers may be low due to the reasons i mentioned before . 
  i do n't think this is politically feasible nor do i see this being very desirable . 
  despite the fact that this has always been `` the line that shall never be crossed '' and a foundation in many european contracts , i think you would need countries with comparable economies . 
  i do n't really see more growth in peripheral countries and what incentive would they have to reform to reach this goal * . 
  and even if they had the will to do it they also would have to face the `` unfortunate realities of democracies '' . 
  edit : * under a transfer union, 
  what would be an alternative framework without a transfer union ? 
  why do you think a european federation is something one should strive for ? 
  honest question . 
  i do think that it would massively reduce political influence of the individual and that it get more difficult to find compromises for nearly any form of policy . 
  then they would have to kick the $ , since a transfer union is against the law and pretty much against everything that was promised not to happen when it was intoduced . 
   tl ; dr it will be more expensive for you depends on the currency of course . 
  my bank does that anyway with non-euro countries and pretty much on demand . 
  this is crazy . 
  were there any grounds for her arrest ? 
  any at all ? 
  perhaps north sea winds are about -5 \u00b0 c cold . 
  that would explain everything . 
  true , i probably wo n't use significantly less energy in the future but at least i gave you an upvote for writing it down . 
  without tinfoil hat : they made a mistake and now try to cover it up with another one . 
  why ? 
  he is putting his money where his mouth is . 
  i do n't see that from everyone trying to convince me on the immigration debate . 
  i also like how he uses the term forced migration as a kick against greater conspiracies . 
  perhaps it is not really the reason but i like to think it is . 
  does n't work so i have to make a detour by criticising the eu . 
  like a lot of legislators do in the other direction . 
  the truth is that the whole of europe just is n't able to shelter everyone who would require it . 
  i think it would be good to accept this and try to find other ways of helping those that make the decision to flee from their countries for whatever reason . 
  it is not their immediate death sentence if they can not be integrated . 
  instead of discussing endlessly about whether we could take another million refugees or not does n't change that much in the end nor does it effectively reduce the number of people requiring help . 
  we should remember that a human life is valuable in europe . 
  even if you voted for brexit or another random unpopular issue . 
  that is something worth exporting .
