  one part of these checks and balances is freedom of expression and freedom of the press . 
  there is no ministry that has to confirm or deny `` facts '' in that equation . 
  do you think the story was correct ? 
  it would be naive to think governments would n't abuse this , hans . 
  you fight fake news by supplying better facts and articles . 
  that is the high road you have to take . 
  of course . 
  these are also detrimental factors on the development of the net . 
  not all people share the sentinment of civilizing the internet . 
  i do n't want european politicians meddle in anything . 
  wo n't help anyone . 
  given that american democracy is vastly more successful and europe seems to regularly fall victim to authoritan policies , i would accept some mean words in exchange to be honest . 
  not wanting to declare the doom of everything that is holy but this sounds a little bit like rome . 
   it 's as you said , no matter how well laid out and how full-blown information campaign you 're going on this , some people are never going to understand or even bother read the content . 
  i know it is currently vastly unpopular here but you also should just consider the possibility that people understand and reject any new constitution . 
  more sand to the beaches of greece !, 
  we will steal it from asia . 
  [ papier ] ( http://rsw.beck.de/rsw/upload/nvwz/nvwz-extra_2016_15.pdf ) said they were breaking the law . 
  he was very clear on this issue in my opinion . 
  and there are currently running lawsuits against the bnd , so we will see about them too . 
  of course i am biased by my political opinion . 
  who is n't ? 
  but that is not the issue here . 
  the issue is the legality of scraping data without permission . 
  i am no lawyer but i am technically very versed in the topic , so that should n't be the issue . 
  they grabbed data from de-cix and it was n't just meta data . 
  there is just no way you could wiggle yourself out of that . 
  as i said , i am no lawyer but to my knowledge practical concodance is relevant , if there are laws that are contradict each other . 
  where should this contradiction occur in your opinion ? 
   if the legislative power passes a law that meets constitutional requirements , possible international requirements and is legally comparative ... 
  if they had such a law that would authorise them , but it seems that they did n't . 
  from another comment of yours :  as much as i agree with you that data collection have been beyond regulations , it \u00b4 s too easy and a little bit of a ct to state it was unquestionable illegal . 
  if data collection was beyond regulation , it was illegal . 
  there is no additional superstate , is there ? 
  also wrong . 
  democracy is not a justification to restrict the rights of others , even if you have a majority . 
  that aside surveillance is forbidden by our constitution ( grundgesetz ) . 
   but want to protect us from the shit they deal with . 
  they could be mother teresa , it would n't matter . 
  it does n't make any difference because security services also wilfully disturbed review processes . 
   we obviously need better regulations that meet the requirements of their job they would have to demonstrate which data they collect specifically , how long it is stored and how they ensure erasure of deprecated data . 
  nothing less . 
  until this is not implemented , their data collection was and is illegal . 
   we both know it is bs the bnd has collected data illegally . 
  nothing less . 
  this is why they were ordered to stop it and delete the data . 
   insufficient regulations regarding what is allowed and what is not . 
  wrong , there were laws in place that forbit them specifically from taking the data and they did it anyway . 
  no need to talk around it . 
   shutting down intelligence services is not the answer not shutting them down , just severely cut their right in data collection . 
  these services do n't have much to show for so it would n't hurt that much . 
   this is a simplification i do not agree with . 
  it is literally illegal to access data the subject is not aware of being collected . 
  of course these rights are constrained if you are a suspected of taking part in terroristic activity . 
  but security services just blatently accessed data which it should n't have . 
  it was illegal to do so . 
  only reddit and i supposed reddit would n't be able to determine my identity if not connecting to data only accessible by my provider . 
  my reddit account is n't that old and is subject to change . 
  but that is beside the point . 
  i have control about these services in that regard that i do n't need to use them . 
  that would n't be true for governmental surveillance . 
  i would n't know which data intelligence services collect about me and that would be illegal , at least in germany . 
  this law has been broken a lot , does n't mean it is invalid . 
  it just means that my government is criminal . 
  these would be forces beyond any reproach and the definition of terrorism is artifical . 
  you could define everything as essential for operating the state . 
  look at the history of germany if you want to know what state run security services could do . 
  and the potential damage surpasses terrorism by many magnitudes . 
  why allow this kind of risk if there is no significant threat ? 
  furthermore this is exactly the reaction terrorists try to achieve . 
  intelligence gathering can only succeed if everyone is included but that collides with informational self determination . 
  i am not ready to give that up . 
  there is a reason mass surveillance is illegal . 
  we currently do n't have too many people bright enough to value this as it seems . 
  it is not my ideology . 
  i am not for open borders for everyone , only for protecting the right to asylum on an international scale , ideally without putting existential burdens on countries . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  state run security services are the biggest threat to freedom , i hope i do n't need to give examples anymore . 
  terrorists pose fewer risks than normal murderers . 
  there is a risk but it is insignificant . 
  security services without proper oversight . 
  that what we build up for over 10 years no with no significant result besides breaking our own moral codes ? 
  pretty much that one . 
   people wanting to put a stop to mena immigration no , people who want to ramp up surveillance and security . 
  i feel much more unsafe due to the reaction of terrorism than to the deeds itself . 
  it 's also a sign of an expansionist monetary policy that will increase debt . 
  every country tries to ban everything that is fun . 
  but those 3 might be pretty alright !, 
  who would have though this turned into a brexit debate again ? 
  all that could have been done by a good image processor inside a phone from japan . 
  no wonder we are falling behind . 
  grow a beard , problem fixed . 
  that is a good argument you make . 
  not that i think that putin would mind being blamed for this . 
  but sanctions are another matter . 
  i can understand them in the case of crimea , but this issue seems very artificial . 
  so her mother also had a giant dick ? 
  how is there a connection to rasputin ? 
  being scapegoated for official policies ? 
  sorry , can not read the article because it does n't load on my current device due to very slow internet .
