  i do n't think that it does matter for everyone . 
  if your parents are gay your child will someday know that it has an unknown relative . 
  it is an ideological opinion and i do n't insist on it if matters of practicably damand it . 
  i do think that it should be possible for gay couples to raise and conceive children , if that was not clear . 
  http://debatepedia.idebate.org/en/index.php/debate:_do_offspring_have_a_right_to_know_their_biological_parents%3f i do tend to answer this question with yes . 
  i do not think every argument is valid on the `` yes '' side and instead some counter arguments are . 
  because i think the child has the right to know it . 
  same with other forms of artificial procreation , so not only relevant to gay couples . 
  the decision is up to the child of course . 
   they have given up repelling the gay marriage , but they still oppose other matters that are not yet legal in france ( a gay couple having a child using artificial insemination ) . 
  unpopular opinion incoming : i only support it if the child also gets the right to know its biological parents , if it chooses to want that information . 
  i think trashing mcdick is just before the line to violence . 
  i have to admit that i am a burger king guy though . 
   somebody had the glorious idea of turning this sub into a default sub . 
  so you do n't like immigrants after all ... 
  i am afraid that he is partially correct on this one . 
  in belgium about 50 % of new born babies have a muslim background . 
  this is the only number that is important for demographics . 
  without judgement , if that is good or bad , it is what it is . 
  additionally , some parts of europe have a very high population density , social welfare systems need do be readjusted , it should had been imperative to ask the populous before allowing this kind of immigration . 
  because it will have effects . 
  yes , the 2nd generation has a reduced fertility rate . 
  if immigrants would bomb banks they would be much more welcome . 
  oh , i do n't think that our current monetary policy has much to do with capitalism . 
  on the contrary . 
  the ecb had a huge bond buying program that was probably borderline legal without having much effect . 
  it only bought us some time . 
  there was also talk to allow them to buy bonds of private companies . 
  we also got the esm , a purely unnecessary institution to keep dying economies from collapsing . 
  ever wondered why many promote to share debts between european nations ? 
  more time , it would solve nothing with the structural problems of some regions . 
  this shit has nothing to do with capitalism . 
  no , i do n't like it and it does n't like me back . 
  but it is exceptionally neutral compared to state-driven economies which are prone to fuck everything up because of lacking self-determinism and resulting lack of initiative . 
  thinking of stalin and their intellectual cult ( which does n't include everyone on the left ) , i greatly prefer to suck the loving , fat tits of capitalism . 
  what ? 
  without them we would n't have boobs in videogames . 
  in germany you would get knocked out by the police if you were happy without any reason . 
  yes , they had a bunch of stalinists and terrorists and some were antisemitic . 
  but the liberal wing had their achievements . 
  what do you think was messed up by them ? 
  likewise the ep would never vote for something that restricts the expansion of the eu . 
  just saying , benefits for members of the ep are not that great actually . 
  how can you have common debt if you do n't have common policies and how can you want that ? 
  this is like wanting to join scientology ... oh , i get it . 
  i think remain did n't win because santa clause likes saucy lingerie . 
  the question is if that matters . 
  which comes at a price . 
  ever watched spiderman ? 
  sounds terrible . 
  i do n't see my comment invoking any emotion or prejudices . 
  you are swedish your comment does n't count . 
  i see you point . 
   `` it is not about the law , but about who imposes it . '', 
  i fundamentally disagree . 
  you have to account for sudden changes in government in any democracy . 
  if you have any rule it has to be imposed on everyone . 
  otherwise it is null and void and probably just harmful . 
  the dichotomy of the evaluation of state intervention between `` the west '' and russia is fundamentally dishonest for example . 
  i know that russia is n't really holding back . 
  they have a huge record of war crimes . 
  i still do n't elevate myself to the point that i make the whole of russia responsible for that . 
  i do n't do that with any other country too . 
  of course these actions remain war crimes . 
  if you want russia to change that behaviour , other countries have to do the same . 
  syria has already become a proxy for other conflicts . 
  if you want peace , you have to remove foreign interests and that includes those of western powers . 
   first of all , vpns do n't change the fact that isps can still see your traffic ideally not , they only see you communicating with your vpn service . 
  that service should always be located in another carrier network . 
  still makes it lame though . 
  i completely agree on bases of ethical behaviour that is perfectly correct . 
  the problem is , as a voter of a democratic country , i am firstly responsible to hold my government responsible . 
  so it would be rather useless to point the finger at russia until i have met my responsibilities to hold my own government accountable . 
  ethical discussion can happen after that if you think them to be important on an international stage . 
  what about social security services ? 
  which state is responsible for services and to whom do i have to pay taxes ? 
  can i pay taxes in country a and move to country b when i am older and get a rent ? 
  what if services are distinctly different in both countries ? 
  what about voting rights ? 
  do i get 2 votes for european elections for example ? 
  how can we manage that without a transnational burocracy ? 
  what does having two nationalities achieve ? 
  what are the advantages/disadvantages . 
  everyone is a citizen of the world after 2 glasses of wine and everyone hates the city 20km away if they meet each other on the road . 
  it just differs slightly , which could be explained by the availability of needed infrastructure . 
   leftists tend to be much more likely to ~ ~ be traitors ~ ~ have values, 
  banks are independent for a reason . 
  i would dispute the level of certainty in this case . 
  but go ahead , you do n't have to convince me . 
  additionally you have to be clear about the context . 
  scholary consensus ? 
  in which field ? 
  economics ? 
  political science ? 
  there are advantages and disadvantages of being a member of the eu . 
  if there were n't any responsibilities attached to it , we could sack it in the first place . 
  again , no argument was made . 
   there is a thing known as scholarly consensus . 
  just because you might not agree with it does n't mean it 's biased . 
  there was scholary ~ ~ bias ~ ~ consensus towards galileo .
