  textbook example of what you should n't do now as it would create an unlimited amount of fatalism : consolidate power and create a european army . 
   no , unlimited freedom of speech is a way for fascists to make excuses for the fact that their opinions have consequences . 
  in the history of mankind freedom of speech was exceptionally important to combat opression . 
  we now see an expected turn that the term fascism will be softened and consequently thrown against more and more people to silence their opposition . 
  yes , that this right can also be used and abused by those who want to incite people against others was always a problem . 
  i do n't think the mayor in question is a very sensible person but i genuinly believe that he does n't want to persecute people because of their faith and this segregation might indeed be a huge problem . 
  but it can not be discussed because there are allegations against him that will in consequence silence other people . 
  even g\u00f6bbels himself said that it was a mistake to grant them the freedom to spread their ideas freely . 
  without knowing the context in which this statement has been uttered you could come to the very simplistic but wrong conclusion you mentioned above . 
  he was still the man in charge of propaganda of what was probably the most destructive facist regime ever and was convinced of his righteousness until the end . 
  so his last gift was putting the blame on the people who opposed him and now we have people who take it literally . 
  we are also not as flexible as their rhetoric . 
  not really a solution but an explaination . 
  i would n't say we had a conservative government . 
  we had one that tries to evade every problem as much as possible . 
  i am happy about it when it actually is practiced and it does n't contain a loophole that allows the current status to continue . 
  we are often told that mobility is a requirement for future generations . 
  so i do n't see the reason italtians should n't use shovels to alleviate this problem . 
  so you spy against china , right ? 
  well , we kind of did ? 
   i 'm tempted to say that obviously isds provisions would n't be in treaties without some kind of solid body of evidence for their net ~ ~ benefits ~ ~ interests ... or that . 
   almost as if more treaties with isds leads to more isds cases again the question if that is preferable . 
  we do n't have disputes to an end in itself . 
  every dispute is a liablitiy . 
  nothing to gain for the broader public and a lot of money to be made for bigger businesses . 
  what do you draw from [ this kind ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/26/opinion/whats-our-duty-to-the-people-globalization-leaves-behind.html?_r=0 ) of criticism specifically `` ensuring political support for free trade '' . 
  what would be the incentive of a normal worker to take on the responsibilities of investors ? 
  why should he support this form of additional judicative ? 
   i think you 're thinking of the second vattenfall case , which is certainly what the economist piece refers to you are correct , my mistake . 
   are you in a position to state with evidence that the costs outweigh the benefits ? 
  no and neither can be said about the investment protections . 
  but since we talk about new binding contract rules i would think that there is evidence that we would require such investment protection in the first place and that it is beneficial . 
  i do n't really see it , do you have any examples ? 
  i would demand this kind of information from my legislator but they aspire not to do that . 
  well said , smartin, 
  i wholeheartedly approve of making your point that diplomatically . 
  seriously , you can not phrase that any better . 
  crazy people profit from clear words to rethink their approach . 
   a decent example is the marburg/vattenfall case . 
  that one is still out and i would be more on a position described here : [ link ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21623756-governments-are-souring-treaties-protect-foreign-investors-arbitration ) in a way i am quite happy it comes around to bite the german government in the ass . 
  do you know why the us likes the clauses ? 
  hint , it is not to reduce protectionist policies . 
  furthermore , do n't you think it would be detrimental for any legislative process to have to justify any decision that could be seen as interfering with business decisions ? 
  i could think about a lot of these . 
  but it is clearly an intersting case with vattenfal . 
  the public decided that using fision energy is too much a risk . 
  now it has to pay . 
  there probably will be a discusion if there are new discoveries related to the dangers of fision . 
  it will be an abritary discussion in my opinion . 
   that involves several steps , any of which you might disagree with . 
  it is the third point which you can use to deduct that your first point is not universally true . 
  so it would n't be a correct axiom to be used in your second point . 
  this is the core of my criticism . 
  this is plainly a discussion about responsibility and i consider it an obligation for the investor to make an argument why the puplic should shoulder any risk at all . 
  having the risk transfered to the public is n't beneficial for the public . 
  far more clear interaction in my opinion . 
   the right to legislate is kept , but investors have some protection against relatively arbitrary changes . 
  you can not define what is arbitrary and what is not . 
  it is just not possible so this would be applied to any judgement for or against investors . 
  of course it has implications for legislative processes if you have financial commitments . 
  this is a very common form of protectionism by the way . 
  every form of policy is arbitrary until you know about the effects it actually had . 
  would be quite easy otherwise . 
  could you give me an example of an isds case , where it was correct to demand compensation from a government in the interests of said government and its public ? 
   that 's true of everything governments do . 
  insufficient explaination . 
  of course every form of state service has to be paid . 
  what does this have to do with investments ? 
  the question was specifically to why tax payers should shoulder the risks of investments in this case . 
  i get the argument that it is advisable to be a target for investments and being reliable in this regard . 
  that does n't mean you should just plainly take the brunt of the risks . 
  there are other and much more effective ways to ensure this kind reliability . 
   again , you appear to want me to say that public opinion is valueless , which i have n't . 
  it 's just regularly baseless and arbitrary . 
  actually i want you to convince me why i should like these kind of agreements . 
   just those who have made an investment on the basis that public policy is x rather than y and this is desirable because ? 
  i do n't think any government is legitimised to make these commitments , since it would be binding beyond legislative periods . 
  there would have to be mechanisms to restrict their ability to pledge protections for investments . 
  there can not be any affirmation that public policy will always be x. 
  it is like saying that the sun will always shine . 
   on the contrary , the plain packaging cases show that despite isds governments are perfectly willing to press ahead . 
  because is it always tax payers shouldering the bill . 
  frankly , it is admirable that you would try to create incentives for long time investments . 
  to me it is clearly the case that the public has to shoulder the risks of the investors without getting any form of representation or benefit from this . 
  it is not the only part of the agreement of course . 
  and general negative public opinion played a huge part in improving these kind of treaties relating to investment protections . 
  the other parts , like normalizing product certifications are another thing entirely . 
  here small businesses actually can profit . 
  what if i determine that the risk of using nuclear power is too high ? 
  it is basically the same as having something declared to cause cancer , since it is always a risk assessment . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  why is `` real science '' a competitor to puplic opinions ? 
  public support is a very important factor for a successful nation . 
  physicists in germany are mainly in favor to shut down nuclear power . 
  this is different in other countries . 
  scientific consensus and axioms have a quite minimalistic approach . 
  it is on the other hand highly unscientific to say that fracking can have no negative repercussions on the environment . 
  the same goes for the inversion of that statement . 
  so public consensus about using these technologies has to be established . 
  imagine a scenario where a company produces a product that contains polypropylene .
