  i picked denmark because it is a country with an already very dense population . 
  there are just limits to what is possible . 
  and of course are brits still human if a bit smelly . 
   we could launch mr soros to mars to stop his money from manipulating elections . 
  but it did n't work in the end . 
  and it is n't his fault either . 
  it is the fault of those that refuse to hold their representatives accountable . 
  his influence is pretty open because he does n't hide that much . 
  this sub was n't really a staunch defender of democracy either in the last months . 
  they are not sausages made of vegetarians ? 
  damn . 
  or denmark . 
  they will probably be perfectly happy with this . 
  fails to adress any moral or philosophical question . 
  why is it your choice to make in the first place ? 
   let 's not bash the eu too hard over this sometimes a little bashing is justified . 
  what is additionally alarming is that nobody elected oettinger . 
  so go away eu . 
  then do them . 
  maybe the eu vs. russia dichotomy is extremely stupid . 
  maybe it is a good thing to focus your criticism on your own government since you need to hold them accountable ? 
  shrieking skulls will shock your soul seal your doom tonight, 
  it was n't a remark on her looks for once :d i just can not rember any discussion around it . 
  i am sure there was one but nothing compared to what we recently saw in the us for example . 
  maybe because she is n't part of the correct party for this angle . 
  it greatly amuses me however . 
  the biggest opponent of her party ( currently part of the coalition as junior partner ) is very clear on wanting to bring more women into politics . 
  well , we have one at the head of state . 
  good luck getting rid of her again . 
  i do n't see it . 
   quite ignorant in your views it is a choice !, 
  i always feel naked if people glance through my comment history , though . 
   especially saying that the chancellor `` does n't do much '' well , i do believe she actually works very hard , has good political relations and tries to find diplomatic solutions everyone could get behind . 
  she also actively tries to see that any party is involved . 
  what i do n't see are many trend-setting decisions for germany in particular . 
  ending nuclear power was one thing but i would have to think hard about other issues . 
  not saying that ground breaking changes are always good or necessary . 
  if i needed to describe the vision of angela merkel i would just depict the last 25 years of germany . 
   your comment above was strictly a provocation hard word but i could agree it to be a bit brazen . 
  it had genuinely surprised me a bit , even though i like her and think she is a good politician . 
  but please do n't take it as a judgement . 
  you are proud to be german because of merkel ? 
  what ?!, 
  disclaimer : i have nothing against merkel but this is a bit much . 
  let 's keep it professional , shall we ? 
  her politics are quite similar to her predecessor from her party . 
  i bet she could top his 16 years of chancellorship if she wanted to . 
  but her greatest secret is a lacking opposition , really . 
  besides that she does n't do much . 
  i also think nobody noticed that she is a women . 
  that only became cool more recently . 
  but luckily we do n't have a state press . 
  with mordern communication everyone could be a journalist . 
  that is n't that bad because it is the readers responsibility to form the opinion , not the other way around . 
  some conclusions will be stupid , others will not . 
  if you hide information it will undermine trust and this will actually have very negative implications for a society . 
  `` fake news '' would n't even come close to that . 
  i do n't trust my state and i would recommend everyone to always verify its actions . 
  and to be honest . 
  we do need the free press and our political institutions need criticism . 
  more of it , not less . 
  and if you think gullibe people have the wrong opinions you are free to write anything that might change their point of view . 
  scientology is legal too . 
  what do you want me to say ? 
  we must censor the internet because of stupid people ? 
  because the outlet in question is perfectly allowed to undermine its own credibility . 
  it is the obligation of the reader to make this distinction . 
  otherwise you would just get a framework for allowed rhetoric that would have a seriously negative effect on reporting . 
  courts are mainly monitored by the forth estade or publicity if you will . 
  that aside the information in question will of course get a much wider spread by being contested in court . 
  the ruling wo n't change opinions . 
  at what point do you think this is a terrible idea in the first place . 
  legitimate form of protest . 
  you see cases like this in every form of satire . 
  are you fucking nuts ? 
  but the information was suppressed in your example . 
  be smart , only once in your life . 
  so what do you think is the goal of the spd here ? 
  are they that stupid or do they want to have a court to confirm that these platforms are n't responsible for the content . 
  i tend to believe the former . 
  the spd knows its way around technology and is n't overchallenged with this topic . 
  good idea , really . 
  let 's imagine your assesment to be correct . 
  would it matter in a democracy ? 
  can you tell the gender of someone by the sound of a fart ? 
  done . 
  any form of increased surveillance does n't protect form the murders of crazy people . 
  terrorism is declining if you look at the numbers and the increasing restriction of civil liberties is a much greater threat than terrorism will ever be . 
  no need to live a life of fear because there are some mentally ill people running around . 
  we already overshot with the balance between security and freedom in favor of the former and gained nothing from it . 
   this is a sensible requirement . 
  really ? 
  you think i would get a go if my only online account is for a porn site hosting pictures of young eastern european teen girls above 18 ? 
  i think that is very suspicious . 
  why would n't you mingle with all the beautiful people ? 
  do n't you think you should integrate yourself more into the broader society ? 
  you do actually support our constitution , do you ? 
  from now on , please be more welcoming , citizen . 
  with your surveillance fetish i am glad you flavoured water slurping cave men go away now . 
  and `` flavoured '' should n't have a `` u '' in there , it looks babaric .
