  it may seem like an outspoken principled view on things , but nobody can be expected to take part in this due to having the same religion . 
  not saying the march is wrong , on the contrary . 
  as long as you are not forced to participate . 
   nothing can ever prevent secret agencies doing secret things , even in countries that supposedly have constitutional protections specifically against such behavior that is a bad excuse . 
  it is n't impossible to have legal protections and there must be sufficient accountability for breaking laws . 
  it is n't even hard to implement . 
  if accountability is n't realized for state agencies , you would damage the validity of the law itself . 
  justification with the argument of security should stop there , since security services stop being the solution and begin to be the problem themselfes . 
  part of our government critical towards these changed even admitted , that agencies are n't even capable to follow through with these powers . 
  and imagine they would succeed and having access to this clear overreach . 
  has a leader yeah , fuck these filthy protestants . 
  that is why the loss of britain was a heavy one . 
  we do n't have any counterweights against this outreach . 
  without an institutional opposition , very few voices will act a counterbalance to eu policy because it would often be against their own mandate . 
  we would need political reforms asap . 
  the eu powers are in a state of disarray and there are no easy solution . 
  that has to happen before we can talk about budgets at all . 
  can i do 190 \u00b0 c for 33 min ? 
   the problem is ( as per usual ) that they are up against lobbyists and national interest groups who are n't responsible for implementing actual policies in the end , that is an excuse . 
  responibility always lies on the legislative body . 
   the limited checks and balances of the eu system is it 's greatest feature as it forces self-moderation . 
  nope . 
   preferably the corporate income tax would be at zero why ? 
  so labor income taxes should be higher in exchange ? 
  that is because of the - chen suffix , which denotes a diminutive . 
  you can also say `` das jungchen '' , although it is less commonly used . 
  all dimintutives get a neutral relative pronoun . 
  there is also - lein and i think the austrians use - erl a lot . 
  i know and the source you are linking tells me , that the quota is about 96 % and rising . 
  all without legislative intervention . 
  400 cases is actually a joke if that are total numbers . 
  i did n't look that up . 
  as i said there is kind of an epedemic of measels in some eastern european countries . 
  that does n't justify policy changes . 
  i think the government made the correct descision to quiet the mind of some people . 
  case in point . 
  a successful vacination program does n't need legislative intervention . 
  source : it is working exceptionally well . 
  there are some protection gaps in some cases , but nothing really threatening . 
  low vaccination quotas are n't really a problem in germany to be honest . 
  most parents get advice from doctors when children are born and most parents follow through with it . 
  do n't create unnecessary bureacracy if the problem is negligible . 
  we do n't collect data on public vaccination . 
  doing so would have many implications . 
  and nearly every child is vaccinated against diphtheria , poliomyelitis , tetanus , scarlet , measels and some others . 
  actually , all numbers about known incidents of measels for example are declining . 
  we had some cases and there are some outbreaks in some eastern european countries , but that is about it . 
  it would be advisable to check medical personal , of course . 
  we had 1 !, 
  incident of someone dying from measels this year . 
  it is the definition of an exception . 
  additionally , people actually get more vaccinations compared to ten years ago . 
  so i do n't really see that they are `` missing the important parts '' . 
  on the contrary . 
  maybe some people are just panicking a bit . 
   european needs it 's own powerful army and central intelligence agency . 
  nah , not viable due to lacking accountability . 
  do n't wear expensive jewellery if you visit greenland . 
  no , the title is purely there to enrage some people to get attention to the magazine . 
  additionally it is a chance to be witty . 
  do n't get you hopes up , sven . 
  not at all . 
  it is a pretty backwards romanticization of something we had far too often within europe and it literally breeds nepotism . 
  but whatever gets you off , i guess . 
   how is it obsolete ? 
  have the labor taken control of the means of production ? 
  since education and skill is the capital you have to bring to the market today , they do to a degree . 
  i do n't think your argument is invalid though and think the argued consensus is a pretty naive view on politics overall . 
  and a good and sensible one too . 
   nd those that do n't should n't be made too by those that do . 
  now try to abstract the issue to nation states and you have the exact same problem . 
  you simply can not create a federation without the legitimation to do so . 
  i do n't think the latter exists in the current political context, 
  only that the status quo is far better in this case . 
   or at least a government if you want it to be a lasting endeavour , you would need the majority of the coutries too . 
  i do n't see what would be gained by having a common budget , to be honest . 
   just because it 's a few cents cheaper to produce in another country . 
  it is n't even cheaper if you factor in a lot of other factors . 
  a big retailer wants to have as few producers as possible . 
  because it makes administration more efficient and quality control much easier . 
  they also want their products to be the same everywhere . 
  they also have a huge influence on bigger producers because of dependencies , so they pretty much can dictate prices . 
  you would need more distributers , but smaller ones have a hard time to compete with the big ones . 
  moreso a story of a logistical and ecological nightmare the can only be very inefficient . 
  not to say that this is not economically viable right now . 
  yeah , but as a student you have the most flexibe time table compared to every other profession . 
  i worked on sundays as a student , there are many opportunities , and not many are working in retail sales to begin with . 
  and i got a nive bonus for doing so . 
   having to buy enough food to get through sunday on saturday evening sucks . 
  :'( ... do n't know , incompetent time management ? 
  you have educational expenditures around 5.6 % of you gdp ( 2010 ) . 
  that is n't really an argumentt . 
  additionally you are free to work on sunday if you work in recreational services . 
  you even get a bonus because of that fact . 
  it is not really believable for students to complain about not having enough time to go shopping . 
  nah , not a good argument . 
  i am not really religious and i like free sundays . 
  you are also free to do some work . 
  people that have to work on sundays usually get a bonus for that too . 
  i bet there are more poeple that are happy not to work on sundays .
