  that is fair enough . 
  just be reminded that it is convincing to you . 
  in my opinion there still is no conclusive evidence linking russia to the manipulation of the election . 
  putin actually stated that russia might be involved in it after trump was elected . 
  strange that this is forgotten by so many arguing for a russian involvement . 
  transparent political play of course . 
  the probability that any third party is involved in this is far to high to warrant sanctions against russia for internal meddeling . 
  this is wmd-like evidence at best . 
  maybe there is further evidence but i can not hold anyone responsible on that , can i ? 
  that is true it was conflagrated . 
  what is also true is that clinton got played very hard and i am genuinly very sorry that she has lost . 
  what i do n't understand is the strategy the media and democrats employed . 
  the discussion around censorship ? 
  around freedom of speech ? 
  there are lunatics running around that want to curb it because they did n't really thought it through . 
  so the republicans became the champions of it by doing basically noting at all . 
  honestly , how hard do you have to drop the ball to achieve this ? 
  why not go in a direction for privacy and why it is important and in what way it collides with freedom of speech ? 
  why pictures of celebrities that were stolen are n't free information . 
  that angle was followed for a short time but was destroyed by the decision in favor of sanitation , which is just insane . 
  why public officials should be transparent and why the populance should not . 
  intelligence service intercept communications and you get mad if someone does it with a political party ? 
  public servants ? 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  and no , intelligence agencies probably wo n't tell me anything . 
  this is the reason i do n't believe anything they say . 
  then this whole freedom and equality angle . 
  yes , freedom and equality often collide . 
  does n't mean they exclude each other . 
  there were just some emotional appeals to either of those and not a single issue was discussed . 
  ethnic minorities/women are supressed by the system ? 
  frankly , i do n't see it . 
  they get extra leniency from our justice system which would only increase the problems . 
  i also believe that they were just used for political rhetoric without really looking out for their actual interests . 
  nothing really spectacular that would bring me to root for any candidate . 
  there a numerous issues why the election ended as it did . 
  russia is not really one of the main factors , if at all . 
   they just repeated what he said . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  i agree that everything should be made german again , hans . 
  let 's ask japan again if they are in on it . 
  italy is cool too , but let 's tell them of the secret plans after we reach world domination . 
  mario was n't strong on competence lately so that might be strategically advantageous . 
   it is okay to be a forum trolling teenager on reddit if it wins you the presidency of the usa - abraham lincoln, 
  many people were interested in these emails because they would allow them to have a look behind the scenes . 
  i am not saying that information about the gop would have been compromising to a lesser degree . 
  again , there is no evidence for russian involvement , there are some very weak indicators , but nothing that could be called evidence . 
  all the public information is listed [ here ] ( https://theintercept.com/2016/12/14/heres-the-public-evidence-russia-hacked-the-dnc-its-not-enough/ ) in my opinion it is foolish to support sanctions on the basis of the known facts . 
  it is possible that there is more but it is n't public . 
  possible that russia is involved , but i believe it when i see it . 
  until then i regard the statement that there actually is evidence as false . 
  not saying the probability is low that the russians are actually involved . 
  i just think there should be a good reason for sanctions as they are an act of warfare and i am responsible to hold my representatives accountable on that . 
  a mere statement of an intelligence agency is n't worth anything . 
   what your objection is to incorporation ? 
  lack of transparency for the most part and therefore possible unknown vested interests . 
  it is still heavily perferable to any state media so the only solution is to read multiple outlets with contrarian opinions . 
   why you feel that criticism of trump -- which was certainly widespread -- was unwarranted ? 
  it was n't unwarranted at all . 
  but it was mostly on fallacious moral arguments . 
  i did n't read much on policies . 
   why you feel that pro-trump media like breitbart is not incorporated ? 
  i do n't . 
  they are as biased as other sources . 
  that is why i prefer to read it in addition to other more established outlets . 
  i am very well aware on their manipulative writing style and political inclination . 
   the democratic party failed on every accountable level in these regards and i would still have voted for them . 
  you mean this part in enabling authoritan governments ? 
  of course i am a smart cookie !, 
  or is it because i post mean comments on reddit . 
  could have been china . 
  go ahead and sanction them too . 
  do you have evidence it was n't china ? 
  i looked at the links and none provided evidence linking the hacks to the russian government . 
  i am sorry , but it is just not there . 
  i would like to see proof . 
  [ there is no proof available to the public . 
  ] ( https://theintercept.com/2016/12/14/heres-the-public-evidence-russia-hacked-the-dnc-its-not-enough/ ) edit : here are the facts for the lazy : - the attacker or attackers registered a deliberately misspelled domain name used for email phishing attacks against dnc employees , connected to an ip address associated with apt 28/fancy bear . 
  - malware found on the dnc computers was programmed to communicate with an ip address associated with apt 28/fancy bear . 
  - metadata in a file leaked by `` guccifer 2.0 \u2033 shows it was modified by a user called , in cyrillic , `` felix edmundovich , '' a reference to the founder of a soviet-era secret police force . 
  another document contained cyrillic metadata indicating it had been edited on a document with russian language settings . 
  - peculiarities in a conversation with `` guccifer 2.0 \u2033 that motherboard published in june suggests he is not romanian , as he originally claimed . 
  - the dcleaks.com domain was registered by a person using the same email service as the person who registered a misspelled domain used to send phishing emails to dnc employees . 
  - some of the phishing emails were sent using yandex , a moscow-based webmail provider . 
  - a bit.ly link believed to have been used by apt 28/fancy bear in the past was also used against podesta . 
   the cia , fbi and the intelligence community at large is on the same page . 
  the cia and fbi are notorious liars . 
  big ones at that . 
  the evidence is not there . 
  show me . 
  cou can not , because allegedly they do n't want to publish the information so you can not have anything . 
  you just blindly believe them . 
  to justify sanctions ? 
  are you insane ? 
  how do you hold your representatives accountable with this line of thinking . 
  again , you can not do that at all . 
  of course russia did prefer trump . 
  this is ridiculous to argue ... 
  he would have prefered ronald mcdonald over clinton . 
  even some of those filthy capitalist americans prefered trump as it seems .
