  now knowledge is established that using this kind of plastics results in mutations of little children to have them eat badly educated economists . 
  to defend the population against this health hazard production of products containing the dangerous materials is banned . 
  should the population be made financially responsible ? 
  same think with fracking . 
  if it is established that it actually damages the environment , who should pay for the failed investment ? 
  ceta is n't bad or good since it is beyond these classification . 
  it is just a document about protectionism , investment assurances and about who has to pick up the tap . 
  if you do n't have an interest group being part of its creation it will be to your disadvantage . 
  ceta and ttip are not free trade . 
  they are investment assurances . 
  good idea . 
  so everyone would flee to greece for a change . 
  it would suggest you should only level this accusation if you have any evidence that this is related to the congregation in these mosques . 
  that these people were part of these groups does n't mean you should extend the suspicion to everyone in that community . 
   and i appreciate the jab that we subhuman syrians are unfit for democratic self-rule . 
  thanks . 
  if it brings you solace many people currently say that democracy is n't feasible and we would need a form of technocracy to further advance european societies . 
  my opinion is that they are spoiled and edgy little shitkids but even that would be quite diplomatic considering most arguments . 
  hope you get a fairer democracy some day . 
  beautiful . 
  i imagine nuclear fallout looks like this . 
  perhaps i consume the wrong media . 
  i really do n't expect much because i see the conflict as senseless killing . 
  every forms of resistance can have the tendency to radicalize itself . 
  it is my impression that this happend in syria for some time now . 
  so my best bet to have influence in this conflict is to appeal to assad and support rebels in that way that they get any form of representation for the civil war to be ended without further bloodshed . 
  it would also be advisable to include putin in this endavour . 
  because if they do n't get a representation the rebels are in until the bitter end . 
  and the step down to radicalisation levels of the is is n't really that far away . 
  assad actually has moved a little bit in this direction . 
  without liking his affiliation at all , i think these moves should be encouraged . 
  very true and you are right that he does n't necessarily want to kill syrians as i have stated . 
  but he does . 
  the rebels could and there is no distinction made in this war . 
  but one generation is enough to induce vast demographic changes . 
   fiscal policy is governmental policy . 
  true  a fiscal union is a political union . 
  wrongful implication , because it is an insufficient condition . 
  if it endangers his claim to power , he at least seems to not really care to kill innocents . 
  that and the navy is in favor of it to share gay porn anonymously . 
  how is it supposed to work without a political union ? 
   you can not have a monetary union without a fiscal union . 
  not having a fiscal union was a premise of the whole thing ... 
  depends on what you do want to risk for a currency . 
   and are thus able to make some great decisions that would be unimaginable in a country for example . 
  any example of that ? 
   just imagine a public debate on encryption the broader public has always been in favor of privacy and some states heavily undermine this . 
  this was the case with telecommunication , postal services and now with internet privacy . 
  autocratic states are the worst perpetrators of violations of privacy so your deduction seems to be completely reversed . 
  policy decision regarding online related laws have mostly been made by dilletants which is explained by having older demographics in power which lack a certain access to these topics . 
  i do n't think the eu survives if it developes further in the direction of a technocracy . 
  it will get further legitimacy problems . 
  i do n't expect perfect laws but they need to be revised if horrible . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obv6m_c8xvs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=og10a1f9gu0 edit : added more links to very serious policy discussion . 
   i 'll go for mockery instead . 
  okay , just remember to pay your debt . 
  soon the netherlands will be our new beach reservoirs with the occasional houseboat . 
  let me tell you a story of a brave soul from greenland ... 
  your language `` these people '' . 
  i do n't see it from those that are so often indicted of racism . 
  make an argument why it is advantageous to stay inside the eu . 
  maybe it will be received better . 
  that is not a realistic view on the situation at all . 
  special education takes years to complete and markets move so fast it could always be the wrong decision . 
  you seem to have some major anger issues . 
  to be honest i think their reasoning is better than `` if you vote leave , you are xenophobic '' . 
  yeah , i think of it as a pretty convenient loophole . 
  it is true that it is a bit dishonest to put the blame on the eu since it is national governments who use it . 
  i just really like this to be fixed . 
  having accountability is pretty important and national parliaments can be circumvented completely . 
  like with everything . 
  my opinion is it would require a clear mandate if federalization is pursued . 
  that aside , such a project only works with public support behind its back . 
  divided we fall , together probably as well . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_deficit_in_the_european_union it also has to be noted that the treaty of lisbon was rejected in some cases . 
  even if it would be the best treaty ever conveived by human kind , you have to ask the electorate or its legitimacy will always be questionalble . 
  edit : additionally the council of ministers was misused the impose legislation which would n't have been possible to pass on a national level and this without any parliamentary control . 
  there is no division between supranational legislative and national executive . 
  it was actually meant the way you phrased it , that there is a possibility of being a successful nation outside the eu . 
  the latter actually has democratic deficits , i do n't know how you could argue against that . 
  so the talking point about souvereignity seems like a bad joke to me . 
  what it does tell me is that the problem is n't acknowledged and wo n't be changed . 
  for me personally , that is a dealbreaker for further integration . 
   plus more sovereignty is always a populist theme even though if you ask most people to name a single bad ` brussels diktat ' they will fail . 
  souvereignity is one of the essential parts of the enlightenment . 
  in a democracy you have to prove your legitimacy to power not the other way around . 
  most people still do n't participate in eu elections . 
  norway is outside of the eu and flourishing while being a magnet for investors . 
  the commission dictates how social services should be handled within the eu and does so very badly . 
  this has been abused many times . 
  obligation on the public contracting authority to invite tenders is a burocratic mess and decreases quality in many areas . 
  every one of the premises of the eu against state funding has been broken . 
  the law system has been broken by not being independent . 
  every fear about a common currency has become a bitter reality . 
  we have open borders and a single market , yes . 
  but we could have that without too much interference from brussels . 
  sometimes lesser involvment will be better . 
  for everyone . 
  and you have to convince people why the increased legislative involvment from a burocratic central government is actually improving lives of everyone . 
  not the other way around .
