  this article `` hdp to take part in commission to create new constitution , hdp leader says '' tells us something from a party close to the kurdish cause in the parliament of the republic of turkey . 
  http://www.todayszaman.com/national_hdp-to-take-part-in-commission-to-create-new-constitution-hdp-leader-says_410491.html  `` we do n't want a dictatorship in our country . 
  the proposal for transferring some of parliament 's authority to local administrations is not something that we invented . 
  in any country where democracy prevails , a system based on local administrations is observed . 
  we are labeled ` traitors ' for defending this approach . 
  i have put forward a model that will prevent the people of the country from division , '' he said . 
   `` even if we differ in our views with the ak party government over the best way to solve the [ kurdish ] problem , the issue might be easily handled through dialogue and negotiations . 
  but , the government pursues purgative methods [ by resorting to military methods ] at the cost of civilian deaths . 
  they defend the idea of cleansing the districts [ of the pkk ] . 
  can this regime be called a democracy ? 
  if the public order is to be fixed , then the only way to do this is to launch negotiations and dialogue . 
  people have been unable to leave their homes for two months ; they live in the bathrooms or basements of their homes , '' demirta\u015f continued . 
   hdp co-chairwoman figen y\u00fcksekda\u011f also delivered a speech during the congress and said no winner will arise from the ongoing battle in turkey 's southeast , adding , `` the akp [ ak party ] and the palace [ in reference to president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan ] are the only losers . 
  we have become the representatives of the people 's desire for a peaceful solution [ of the kurdish problem ] . 
  you actually say that european powers should have used ever escalating violence of oppression instead of leaving colonies , and that the autonomy peace in northern ireland and the basque country which in consequence made everyone better off and happy should never have been made ? 
  what is your opinion is meant to serve , violent nationalist narcissism as an aim in itself , the highest aim of all ? 
  in your one-dimensional book , the decent , smart spanish people who advocated and made peace with basques and including the eta organisation in the basque country and the decent , smart british people who advocated and made peace with the irish and including the ira organisation in northern ireland were all `` traitors promoting terrorism '' and should be in jail or worse ? 
  and of course all european politicians who had withdrawn from colonies , facing militant resistance there , were `` traitors promoting terrorism '' as well , with general de gaulle being the worst `` traitor promoting terrorism '' of them all for leaving algeria ? 
   those 1k pro-pkk academicians it was over 4000 , not 1000 , and they did not say anything `` pro pkk '' but pro peace process with fair negotiations and a fair deal and healing of the society instead of incitement to hate and violence . 
  they pretty much referenced the position of the hdp party in the turkish parliament , there was not any reference to positions specific to the pkk . 
   cause 30k ( ... ) to die just to keep the numbers straight : records say that in the civil war in turkey 's southeast on kurdish autonomy versus submission , since the 1980s around 40.000 people died , of those 10.000 members of the turkish security services killed by militant kurds , and 30.000 kurdish militants and civilians killed by security services of turkey . 
   just imagine isis carrying massive attacks on europe ( ... ) and then some european professors come up with ` leave isis alone , stop murdering arabs and let them have their own state facist eu ' bullshit . 
  how would you people react ? 
  actually this is a position which many people and academics in europe hold and publish freely . 
  i disagree with them not out of principle , or because of `` terrorism '' bullshit , but because i very much despise the islamist political agenda of isis . 
  if isis had a different political agenda , for example progressive like the kck , i might agree with them . 
  kurdish society as a whole definitely is not only almost as ultraconservative , tribalist with islamist leanings as arab society , they also produce a fair share of the membership of jihadi movements . 
  the point is that exactly those kurds , who erdogan hates most and refers to as alleged `` terrorists '' , are the all secular progressive kurdish movement who have tremendous success in leading kurdish society into modernity . 
  kurdish society as a whole is still much more backward than turkish society . 
  but another difference is that kurdish society ( outside iraq ) since the 1980s chooses their most progressive elements to lead , while turkish society since 2002 chooses their most retarded elements to lead . 
  this is why the personal sympathies of myself and many people around me here in germany have generally switched over the last 15 years . 
  drawing a political cartoon that hurts mr. erdogans 's ego is `` cartoonist terrorism '' and of course in the unrelenting fight against terrorism gets a ban as such for turkish internet users : http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2016/01/turkey-cartoonist-carlos-latuff-tells-bitter-truth.html, 
  as far as i can see , eating food that is not in line with sharia is understood as `` culinary terrorism '' by mr. erdogan . 
  during the last election campaign for example , he attacked a competitor as being something like a terrorist , after a some year old breakfast interview in a in cologne , germany newspaper suggested he might have eaten a slice of ham during that interview . 
  the progressive kurdish movement demonstrate well in rojava how they do against all odds bring game-changing progress , enlightenment and humanism , liberty and open society , rule of law and democracy , to an extremely conservative kurdish and arab society . 
   http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/30/opinion/the-kurds-democratic-experiment.html  http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2015/11/25/rojava_is_a_radical_experiment_in_democracy_in_northern_syria_american_leftists.html on the other hand , * milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs * , the akp and erdogan make the former lighthouse of modernity in the middle east , the kemalist republic of turkey , by the day more of a dark islamist , sultanist , non-civilised place . 
  the irregular immigrants from the middle east are a diverse bunch of people . 
  some rather are warm , emotional people , from whom we can learn a lot , others rather are people who beat up non-muslims in refugee camps , harass women and masturbate and shit into public pools , as recently reported in germany , to show their contempt for non-islamist civilisation . 
  we should have the proper answers for either of them . 
  a good hint is that familiy immigrants ( like in this * guardian * story here ) tend to be actual refugees and in the first category , while single young men immigrants tend to be something other than refugees and in the latter category . 
  translation of submission ( selection )  when germany replaces its policy of limitless acceptance of refugees by a solidary realism , i consider a european solution achievable . 
  we can no longer tolerate a lawless state . 
  it destroys the people 's trust in their government . 
  the goal must be a protected external border . 
  protected by a european border police force and not by mr erdogan . 
   then entry into europe can be done via registration and quotas which are distributed fairly . 
  such a method allows in the first place solidarity with truly needy , namely the elderly , the sick and the children . 
  because by the loss of control and the entry on the balkan route mainly the strong have come , namely young men . 
  these are not those who only need our help . 
  translation of submission ( selection )  the prerequisite for integration that we are clear about our identity : into what should be integrated at all ? 
  for me this is the constitutional culture of the basic law . 
  a better welcome culture can not exist than our cosmopolitan , liberal constitution . 
   with us the freedom and dignity of the individual , gender equality and the protection of property are guaranteed . 
  everyone can express and develop himself or herself freely , whatever god he or she may or may not believe in . 
  and with us satire on mohammed is allowed , and the young muslima must participate in physical education . 
  very romantic story , but untrue . 
  for full disclosure i happily admit that i once had an affair with a pkk activist , which was all the more thrilling as it was before 2002 , when i was still an uncompromising defender of the policies of the kemalist republic in the southeast and even invited as the defender of turkey to discussions where a hall of hundreds of students would drown me in waves of hate for it every time . 
  all this only changed when the modernist , progressive mission of the kemalist republic was replaced with , well , emine erdogan , sare davutoglu and * milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs * . 
   the only reason they do n't attack to turkey is that they actually accomplished something in syria and do n't wan na lose it , unlike pkk in turkey . 
  if you read your own sentence very very carefully , might there possibly be a hidden key for a solution of the kurdish issue in turkey ? 
   if kurds want their native language also be learned they can do that with additional schools and courses . 
  all civilised countries successfully manage optional bilingual school education for autochthonous ethnic minorities . 
  of course the same is possible for turkey . 
  however , under the current akp regime , this idea would get one the label of `` vatan haini '' and a prison sentence for `` supporting terrorism '' . 
  and please do not always try to refer to migration , these are different issues . 
  in contemporary germany , we have two autochthonous ethnic minorities ( sorbs and danes ) , and both of them have bilingual schooling , including mother tongue . 
  other people who immigrate to germany are supposed to get schooling in german . 
  the kurds in turkey do legitimately expect more than `` additional schools '' as for immigrants . 
  they expect recognition as an autochthonous ethnic minority and bilingual schooling . 
  i do not care about borders of `` kurdistan '' at all . 
  what i care about is progressive policies for the values of enlightenment and humanism . 
  this is why my regional sympathies were with the agenda of the kemalist republic before 2002 , and why my sympathies are with the progressive kurdish movement since 2002 . 
  biji kck , as they say . 
  i had these discussions about demographic dynamics with israeli friends all the years . 
  and my mantra always was , if you deny them ( israeli arabs ) self-determination of their lives , they will sit at home , have eight children , hate israel and pass this hate to their children . 
  if you allow for self-determination of their lives , they will be busy with their lives , have two children and teach them to be busy with their lives , too . 
  that is what happens . 
  as you obviously are with good reason worried by the prospect of in a country with a majority population of ethnic kurds who hate you , why not change course ? 
  you will not be able to force every kurd to give up their mother tongue and talk turkish to their children . 
  not in the 21st century . 
  if you try really really hard , you will drown in blood and see your republic evaporate . 
  please feel free to try nevertheless if you think this is a good idea , it is not my blood and not my republic anyway . 
  i will just do my bit that this happens outside of eu and nato . 
  native americans can have school instruction in their mother tongue . 
  just as children of autochthonous ethnic minorities in any other civilised country . 
  turkey in this respect simply is outside of the circle of civilised countries . 
  that un-civiised , imperialist attitude towards kurds is the reason for the rebellion and civil war in the southeast . 
  this issue of optional mother tongue school instruction is the demand of all quarters of kurdish society , through all levels of education , and through all shades of attitudes towards the pkk . 
  and your claim that the pkk were `` anti-education '' is absurd . 
  did you ever look at the huge reading and educational efforts the pkk makes wherever it has social and political influence ? 
  what tremendous educational efforts they in particular make with people joining their organisational ranks ? 
  turkish kurds including the pkk have always burned school buildings ( empty of people ) , because these were and are the symbol and institution of forcing an alien language upon them , which is one major reason for kurdish rebellion and uprising in turkey . 
  to this day , school instruction for kurdish children is obligatory and exclusively in turkish language ( there was an attempt with a theoretically all legal privat school in kurdish , it was closed by akp regime authorities under a pretext within days ) . 
  for the record i do not condone , but i could not say that i lack empathy for this . 
  i do not need to `` excuse '' anything , nor do i have any ambition to . 
  i simply demonstrate to you that your claim of pkk `` targeting civilians '' in the civil war in turkey 's southeast is pretty much wrong . 
  the pkk in fact changed its combat ethics and strategy a decade ago and does much less `` targeting of civilians '' than the `` security forces '' of the the clepto-islamist akp regime . 
  short of that one guy shot last year after he ran away at a checkpoint and later turned out to be a doctor , your sources on civilian targets are rather historic , reaching back into the last millenium , right ? 
  i appreaciate very much that the pkk changed its combat ethics and strategy , abstains from targeting any civilians and focuses on the isis-like `` security forces '' of the clepto-islamist akp regime . 
  promoting individual emancipation and liberty , secularism , meaningful democracy , enlightenment and humanism in general is progressive .
