  there appear to be very high rates of kidney donations among refugee populations in the region . 
  and turkey leads the world market in commercial kidney transplants . 
  google it . 
  probably it would still be cheaper with donors deep in africa , but you can not just walk away with a kidney , you need a clinic and proper cooling transportation and the like to `` harvest '' kidneys . 
  looks like [ you lead the commercial kidney transplant market ] ( http://www.flymedi.com/kidney-transplant ) . 
  and i sincerely hope that the guess of u/six7even proves to be wrong . 
  [ need for transparency , investigations , in light of `` alarming '' reports of major violations in south-east turkey ( un high commissioner for human rights ) ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/sp/newsevents/pages/displaynews.aspx?newsid=19937 ), 
  spd and fdp will categorically refuse to vote for merkel as chancellor . 
  what will most likely happen is that cdu/csu will suggest another person from their ranks and form a coalition . 
  if they do insist on merkel , there is a slight chance that spd manages to form a coalition without cdu/csu , but more probable are new elections in spring 2018 with an even more disastrous result for cdu ( not necessarily for csu , which will by then act pretty independently ) . 
  oh , i can look back to two decades of academic and practical work in german politics . 
  but to return the compliment : you write like a fourteen-year-old who currently does an internship in the local junge union gesch\u00e4ftsstelle . 
  fine , let us vote again in spring of 2018 . 
  my guess is that in this scenario by then , the cdu ( without the csu votes ) will only be the third or even only fourth strongest party by public votes . 
  adenau\u00e9r 's party will be dead . 
  both fdp and spd have learned well that merkel is the worst case scenario for a coalition partner . 
  her style indeed is a bazaar where the coalition partner can get much cheap stuff ( no systematic policy improvements , though ) . 
  but the coalition partner will not be able to claim its successes in political communication . 
  going into a coalition with merkel as chancelor is suicide for the partner . 
  both spd and fdp have thoroughly learned that lesson . 
  much better would be a `` conservative chancellor '' where the public can discern what every party in the coalition did and what it stands for . 
  oh , there are a lot of candidates the spd could live with . 
  neither of them bears the name merkel or sch\u00e4uble . 
  they will not `` walk away from power '' . 
  they will simply demand that cdu/csu suggest a different person . 
  and if cdu/csu do n't , there is a small chance for a coalition without cdu/csu , but more probably a new election , and with cdu/csu going into that with merkel as top candidate again , their result will be even more disastrous . 
  spd and fdp will serve their naked self-interest well by rejecting merkel . 
  me thinks that you vastly underestimate the pro-sincerity-in-politics `` anti-merkel '' revolution that has happened in the population at large since 2013 , inter alia giving rise to the afd , that happened in the fdp since 2013 , that is happening in the spd with force while we speak . 
  i am confident that september 2017 will be a huge surprise for you . 
   please give me an outline of a realistic scenario in which merkel does n't end up chancellor in 2017 . 
  cdu/csu 29 % , greens 12 % , everybody else rejects voting for merkel as chancelor . 
   the cdu , spd and the greens or the fdp will make a coalition maybe . 
  but not with merkel as chancelor . 
  spd and fdp will categorically demand that cdu/csu suggest another person for this office in that scenario . 
  and public opinion , as well as opinion in the rank and file of cdu/csu , will be behind them , as merkel will be utterly damaged from just scoring the worst ever result in cdu history . 
  the cdu/csu will face the fact that if they want to assemble a coalition , they have to drop merkel . 
  if they do n't , i do not know if we get a coalition without cdu/csu ( definitely not the one you satirically suggest , details then depend on how smart spd negotiates ) or new elections ; and if cdu/csu walk into the latter with merkel as top candidate again , hard to imagine , they will score an even more disastrous result . 
  trust me , both fdp and spd will categorically reject to vote for merkel as chancelor . 
  this left-right-scheme in inadequate . 
  here in berlin mitte on local level , 10 years ago i happened to promote and witness the first ( and highly successful ) `` spanisch coalition '' in germany ( spd-fdp-linke ) , bound together by a progressive `` stadtentwicklungspolitik '' rejecting regressive bullying greens and greenish cdu . 
  i have no particular love for linke , but they are on average sane and rational people to talk to for smart solutions , which can not be said for much of the greens and parts of cdu . 
   show me plausible bundestag seats for the hypothethical scenario where merkel does n't get re-elected . 
  cdu/csu 29 % , greens 12 % , everybody else rejects voting for merkel as chancelor . 
  i see at least a dozen people ( most from cdu or spd , one each from csu and greens ) who are both more qualified and more likely to be chancelor than merkel after 2017 . 
  we do need a government without greens and without merkel . 
  and for the long term perspective , i find the `` without merkel '' part even more important , because this person devastates the political landscape in our polity . 
  greens are the party for those lovers of moralist bullying , some of them also vote linke or some spd . 
  merkel 's popularity ratings in germany are in free fall as well , in particular among potential cdu voters . 
  the polls are somewhat confused by the fact that she still has some popularity among people who would never vote for her party , but just share her love for moralist bullying attitude and policies . 
  i am absolutely not `` pro afd '' ( and remind people that only merkel 's green-style moralist bullying attitudes and policies over many years led to the emergence of the afd ) , however i absolutely share the opinion of those two thirds of fellow germans that we must get rid of merkel in 2017 . 
  in my view , this is top priority . 
  in september 2017 i will happily vote liberty-and-opportunity fdp , or maybe spd , and if need be i will with pain vote afd or linke , whatever i will deem most effective to vote angela `` emine '' merkel out of office . 
  there will be no `` power vacuum '' when angela `` emine '' merkel leaves office after september 2017 . 
  there will simply be a better government in germany , without merkel 's green-style moralist bullying attitudes and policies . 
  and freedom of speech for comedians will be restored . 
  we will have a government after 2017 . 
  and it will be led by someone other than angela `` emine '' merkel . 
  in september 2017 , the cdu/csu will score less than 30 percent in the election , and there will nobody other than them and ( maybe ) the greens who would be willing to vote for merkel as chancelor , lacking the necessary majority to do so . 
  you are very wrong to assume that support from fdp or spd would be available for four more years of angela `` emine '' merkel 's green-style moralist bullying attitudes and policies . 
  i have no sympathy for the afd , you can say about it whatever you want . 
  the only reason i might possibly vote for it with pain in september 2017 would be if i would then find it necessary to get rid of merkel . 
  but i am confident for now that a vote for fdp or spd will do that , which i would both vote for happily . 
  afd will consolidate , no matter if you or i like it or not . 
  it is a necessary consequence of ms merkel 's attitudes and policies over many years . 
  and in my humble `` little opinion '' , everything would be better for germany than four more years of merkel ( including all other options that are not my preference , like an spd-greens-linke coalition or a cdu/csu-afd coalition with a chancelor other than merkel ) . 
  i will in 2017 vote tactically for any party according to my overriding aim to get rid of merkel , and many will . 
  i love your arrogance . 
  the only thing i love more is watching it be busted in september 2017 . 
  the fdp is pretty much alive and kicking , with an up-to-date reinvented platform of `` more opportunity '' , an inspiring young chairman , electoral advances and victories in every state election for two years , most recent coalition with spd and greens in rhineland-palatinate and currently at 6 to 8 percent and rising in federal polling . 
  the cdu voter base is under a triple assault from liberty and opportunity fdp , the new national-conservative afd and the greens whom merkel tried to copy but only pushed people to vote for the original . 
  but let 's not talk about it here , the resident merkel-fanboy-in-chief does not want to read `` little opinions '' . 
  the cdu will score less than 30 percent in the 2017 federal election , and no other party will be willing to elect merkel for chancelor ( except maybe the greens , but that would not suffice ) . 
  game over for angela . 
  but please forgive me that i bothered the sultan with `` my little opinion '' . 
  i should have been aware that personalities like mr erdogan , ms merkel or you do not want to hear the `` little opinion '' of other people , if it does not suit them . 
  please forgive me for disturbing your sultanist glory . 
  it will not happen again . 
  that is , not before september 2017 . 
   merkels ratings merkel today has comparatively good ratings with people who would never vote cdu anyway , while her ratings are crashing with potential cdu voters . 
  she will die in the beauty of `` good rankings '' . 
  i like your to-the-last-drop-of-blood merkel fanboyism . 
  the zillion of cdu people i know in real life are so increasingly desperate , but i can always go to reddit and listen to you speaking of angela 's endsieg . 
   he could be a convert but he also could just be mentally insane . 
  it would not be rare to combine both . 
  the supremacist totalitarian political ideology of islamism is an open invitation to every lunatic around , who seeks a channel for aggression . 
  not only unfortunate syria is full of such people who went there . 
   stabbing people and getting arrested right away is not how terrorists operate stabbing people and getting arrested right away is the strategy of eliminatory-hate-against-israel terrorist attacks of choice for almost a year now . 
  this is an insult to intelligence . 
  the article is better than that line you quote out of context . 
  i think in should be frontpage . 
   among my fellow liberals , it would never fly for a white candidate to say something racist , nor incite religious hatred against those deemed not christian enough . 
  likewise , it should n't when a brown muslim politician does so . 
  khan 's last-minute general apology is a welcome start , but his time as mayor will need to show a track record of courting the right people , while distancing extremists , before it carries any weight . 
   why is it ok for a mayor to have shared panels with all manner of muslim extremists , while actively distancing himself from , and smearing counter-extremist muslims ? 
  despite this , liberal muslim reformers and ex-muslims alike would probably still lend their good will and support to khan . 
   to be honest , in his personal life he is pretty much a liberal muslim . 
  so much so that his old friends , the extremists , are already classifying him as a traitor for not being anti-israel enough , and for supporting gay marriage equality . 
   in a funny twist , some muslims are now comparing him to those he deemed `` uncle toms '' in the past . 
  politicians from across the west must learn from a past in playing politics with religion . 
  for anti-muslim bigots , we 're always too muslim .
