  by promoting the hijab as the norm in society . 
  by suggesting diverse laws of prohibition in line with the sharia . 
  by continuously talking about the islamic role for women . 
  by imprisoning secular journalists . 
  by publicly promoting each and every islamist conspiracy theory , how absurd it may be . 
  by foreign policy to support a takeover of egypt and syria by the islamofascist `` muslim brotherhood '' organisation . 
  by basing their affiliate hamas in istanbul . 
  the most obvious example of an openly islamist law in turkey is the law to expand the `` imam hatip '' schools , which educate based not on an enlightened perspective of the world but based on the sharia perspective of the world . 
  these are public schools , originally with the aim to educate future imams , now vastly expanded to educate an ever growing share of the general youth . 
  the `` christian democrat union '' party in germany is an all secular party committed to enlightened secular open society . 
  fundamental difference to an islamist party like the akp , whose cadres see ultimate political legitimacy not in secular enlightened discourse , but in the totalitarian political ideology of a religious book . 
  there is no problem at all with a secular islamic party , with islamic values and traditions ( how ever you interpret those ) on the basis of enlightened secular open society in policy . 
  the problem is islamist parties , with policies that consider the totalitarian political ideology of the sharia the ultimate source of political legitimacy . 
  to understand the anti-secular , anti-enlightenment , anti-open-socirety mindset of islamists , here is a famous erdogan quote :  democracy is like a train : when you reach your destination you get off . 
  the mosques are our barracks , the domes our helmets , the minarets our bayonets and the faithful our soldiers . 
  the clepto-islamist akp-erdogan regime in turkey shares much of its political agenda with isis ( abolishing secularism for islamism in the whole of the middle east , and in pursuit of this in particular to destroy any secular progressive kurdish movement and destroy the secular state of syria ) and they have been working well together for many years . 
  there is a strong and rising sentiment among people in germany that it is morally wrong to travel to turkey as long as the clepto-islamist akp regime is in government there . 
   turkish government also just issued a ban on covering this issue on the media after the islamist massacres in diyarbakir , suruc and ankara in 2015 , mr. erdogan 's islamist chickens in syria are once again coming home to roost in 2016 . 
  i am not surprised that his clepto-islamist regime seeks to cover up the facts . 
  but it will not work . 
  i am somewhat more optimistic . 
  just for illustration , we have a guy here in berlin , ahmad mansour , who delivers this message very well . 
  i have had upvotes in the high hundreds for submitting texts from him in this subreddit . 
  the point is to be all honest about what * islamism * and * islam * have to do with each other , how the contemporary discourse of * islam * can and does nurture * islamism * , where it must self-reflect and modernise , and on this basis separate the two . 
  http://ahmad-mansour.com/ and the main point is , in my own opinion ( mansour is not all such strict on this ) , to never ever use the term `` muslim '' in political discourse . 
  never ever , no matter what context or connotation , positive or negative . 
  the term is for self-description of personal identity , for nothing else . 
  using it for other people than oneself , for designation of political identities of other people , only serves the supremacist , totalitarian political ideology of * islamism * ( and racist bigots ) . 
  im my humble opinion it is crucial to establish the difference between * islam * the personal religion and * islamism * the supremacist , totalitarian political ideology in discourse . 
  not trivial , because there are plenty of interests who do not want the distinction to be made , and historic discourse often is not helpful either . 
  but we are still making progress . 
  related readworthy article `` when worlds collide : unassimilable muslim migrants crash europe 's fantasy islam '' in * national review * http://www.nationalreview.com/article/429493/cologne-rape-jihad-muslim-migrants-europe-fantasy-islam ''  the rest of us will know that there is a strategy : conquest . 
  just as in the middle east , women and girls in the west are the spoils of jihad , the vehicle for intimidating non-muslims into surrendering sovereignty over the streets . 
  if they want to be safe , sheikh qaradawi warns , they must submit to islam 's sartorial suffocation . 
  if not , well , they have it coming . 
  the totalitarian political ideology of islamism is a problem that will not go away by looking the other way . 
  the totalitarian political ideology of islamism is mankind 's challenge in the 21st century , like fascism was in the 20th century , and we have to face and master it and wash islamism down in the toilet of history . 
  i am aware that you probably are neither a nazi nor an islamist but `` belong '' to another mindset , name those former liberals who drowned in resignation and fatalistically argue for capitulation of the open society . 
  at least my little wake up rhetoric appears to have made you think a little bit in your sad swamp of fatalism and resignation . 
  why do you abuse the term `` muslims '' in this political discussion to pathetically associate millions of people with the problem who have nothing to do with it ? 
  is your agenda nazi or islamist ? 
   you can criticize islam anywhere you want in europe . 
  it 's completely legal . 
  it is legal to criticize the mafia in sicily , and still is widely constrained in practice , by threat of violence . 
  same with publishing satirical enlightenment material about islam anywhere in europe . 
  why do you deny reality ? 
   you 're complaining that there are costs for doing so . 
  sorry , but in a world where there is free speech there is no freedom from criticism . 
  this is what you would tell the widow of a journalist who publishes material critical of the mafia in palermo and gets assassinated for it ? 
  or the children of the charlie hebdo victims ? 
   i do n't see a place in europe where you ca n't criticize islam . 
  the gunned down charlie hebdo people might beg to disagree . 
  or the tens of thousands of journalists and citizen journalists who feel forced to practice self-censorship with respect to publishing satirical enlightenment material about topics around islam . 
  forced by islamists , and by people like you . 
   being able to call islam a toxic ideology whose members do n't belong in our society you are aware that you perfidously confuse ideology with people , right ? 
  what exactly is a `` member '' of an ideology in your worldview ? 
  when someone says that `` nazism a toxic ideology that does n't belong in our society '' , would you consider that offensive against `` members '' of nazism ( whatever that means in your worldview ) ? 
  you are aware that ...  being able to call islam ( ism ) a toxic ideology ... does not equal ...  discriminated muslims ... because you perfidously confuse ideology with people , right ? 
  from reading your introduction , i 'd recommend upper bavaria , the region around the city of munich . 
  it 's like the closest thing europe has to vancouver . 
  and economic situation is optimal there , unemployment virtually unknown , and a high level of both wages and prices makes traveling a lot to other places in europe a bargain . 
  as to your options other than germany , the netherlands is flat and crowded , the czech republic has yet to become a land of decent wages . 
  southern france is a nice place to live , but the employment situation is not so rosy there . 
   how about regular people amas some regular citizen of turkey , jailed because he posted something critical of the clepto-islamist regime on facebook or twitter . 
  or some regular citizen of turkey from the southeast , who witnessed the ongoing comprehensive atrocities of the clepto-islamist regime against anything secular kurdish first hand . 
  zhanna nemtsova would be awesome . 
  ep vice president alexander graf lambsdorff as a rare voice of reason and clarity for the open society concerning eu policy towards both putin-russia and erdogan-turkey would be great . 
  thanks for the elaborations ( i studied ir myself and know this stuff ) . 
  the issue here is rather definition of the nation state : india is considered as such by neorealist analysts . 
  the eu is no more diverse than india . 
  the difference is , funny to say , just in institutions . 
  or in the identity issue i bring up here . 
  migrants to europe from `` islamic countries '' have * experienced * emanations of sharia society just like migrants to the usa from europe had * experienced * emanations of feudal/corporatist society . 
  if you look for a difference , it is that most europeans have no real experience with sharia in their ancestral heritage , while the americans had a majority ancestral heritage experience with feudal/corporatist society . 
  but why do you give so much weight to experiences of ancestors ? 
  i find that not much relevant for our point . 
  india has more native languages than europe . 
  i consider it a regrettable political propaganda myth , serving islamists and all kind of xenophobes alike , that there would be people who `` have sharia in their blood '' . 
  and i do not see a difference to a ficticious 18th century person claiming for political propaganda purposes that europeans would have feudalism or corporatism in their blood . 
   to keep europe relevant in a world where countries like india and china are becoming more and more powerful india and china themselves , in particular india , are `` myriad cultures '' . 
  which however are bound by an overarching common identity that is not shy to clearly and powerfully distinguish itself from the outside as the * other * . 
  i think your reply is based on a misunderstanding , and/or a fear of misunderstanding , that is the most powerful stumbling block for europe and the best answer to my question . 
  it is conflating an abstract * other * with `` a group of people '' . 
  it is the horrible domain of people who abuse the term `` muslim '' for political discourse . 
  take for illustration one of the major steps to construct a common us identity . 
  the step that defined european monarchies as the * other * . 
  that did not exclude any people at all , as the subjects of those monarchies were welcome as immigrants to the us if they wanted to live a us identity , not a european feudal identity . 
  the * other * was , just as it is in my suggestion of the sharia-society as the * other * , an abstract other idea of society , not `` a group of people '' . 
  the one point i somewhat disagree with you is the idea of this slow approach along a continuum . 
  actually for all practical purposes there are discrete thresholds that are met or not . 
  and the threshold i reference here is the one concerning the perception of european identity , powerfully defined by the difference to an * other * . 
  the constitution of the us was not a continuum . 
  it happened in discrete steps when confronted with an outside * other * , and the political elites grasping the opportunity to define fundamental common us identity and fundamental common us interests in relation to that * other * . 
   every society should have at least some self awareness to want to conceive of itself as the `` good guys '' . 
  fully agree . 
  the lack of effort in this direction is , in other words , what my complaint is about . 
   what 's * european * ? 
  i happily agree with your analysis . 
   distinguishing europe from the us is by far the biggest challenge facing us absolutely disagree . 
  the us is a society and state pretty much like us in the basics , both of us with some exclusive features , the us situated on another continent .
