  i do not see a rebuttal above , only a deleted/removed comment . 
  on substance , you appear to have a particular political movement in the southeast in mind , although not naming it . 
  they seem to be somewhat militant and have a history of doing some violent things both of us may not love . 
  but maybe they can do good things both of us can not do ? 
  maybe they can actually effectively reach kurdish people , whom you and i and any guy in a uniform or a suit from izmir has no chance of reaching ? 
  maybe they have already proven that in syria , by achieving more societal progress with their target audience in 3 years than the baathists achived in 45 years ? 
  you do not have to hand the country to them . 
  co-opt , co-operate in good faith . 
  and if you want to study them , do not look at the pkk in guerilla war , look at the pyd who actually is in responsibility to run a polity . 
  no need to be afraid of the `` socialist '' thing by the way , germany is way more `` socialist '' than turkey and we are still alive . 
  actually leyla imret found bremen her policy model , and no less `` socialist '' than she wanted cizre to be . 
  for socio-political research purposes only . 
  i agree with pretty much everything in your post ( except that fgm to my knowledge is prevalent only among kurds in iraq , not among kurds in turkey or syria , but that 's a detail ) . 
  so i asked you for viable ways forward . 
  and i repeat my question : * i wonder if there might be a political movement in the southeast which has a progressive agenda and concept to effectively transform society there and overcome that . 
  ever heard of one ? 
  * and i add : * maybe one that is already demonstrating in northern syria that they can actually get such progressive transformative processes in society done ? 
  a while ago i read a good commentary from a turkish journalist , who wrote how democracy is a fundamental way of life , and elaborated the line from stuff like low interest and participation in everyday democratic rituals like parents ' councils at schools to a phenomenon like erdogan . 
  the line from accepting that the public servant in the office expects a small bribe , to being epically robbed by tayyip and friends . 
  here is another good article , `` erdo\u011fan : the cause of turkey 's problems , or the result ? '', 
  http://theturkishsun.com/erdogan-the-cause-of-turkeys-problems-or-the-result-18129/  i am not trying to degrade erdo\u011fan 's responsibility , but it 's time today 's turkey faced up to the real problem : ourselves . 
  turkey , and the middle east in general , should tackle their problems , not just the results . 
  because if we do not solve the root cause of the wrongdoings , we will have to live with men like erdo\u011fan for a few more decades , or even centuries . 
  actually it goes back to arabian desert stone age , where the concept of the woman as a self-determined person and consensual sexuality was alien . 
  in the stone age * namus * society of arabia , a woman is not a person but `` a diamond '' , an asset of her clan and an object to its `` clan honor '' , and she either openly submits to her character as an asset and object by * namuslu * behavior ( starting with a headscarf , virginity cult , and so on ) , or is considered public game . 
  and this barbarian * namus * society is much older than islam , the latter only incorporated the former perfectly , and went on to poison the region with it , to this day . 
  i wonder how far on the sharia scale erdogan will succeed to go before the backlash sets in . 
  while i would not disagree in principle , did you read the article ? 
  turkey is the only country where no relation whatsoever , not even most distant , with any form political violence is needed for being prosecuted and jailed under `` anti-terror '' laws . 
  oh , this `` turkish sun '' website http://theturkishsun.com/ has really cool stuff . 
  a `` compromise '' is something for a situation where two sides want something from each other . 
  what would the continental eu want from the uk ? 
  that they continue buying bmws ? 
  they will not be able to afford those anyway in significant numbers after the end of london as a major financial center . 
  once the uk financial services industry is cut off from the continental european market , for the benefit of continental european financial services firms , the economic structure of the uk will be less interesting for the eu than turkey , and less interesting than russia . 
   how can you definitely know that the uk will not keep access like switzerland ? 
  i am living and working in the heart of political berlin . 
  the uk services industry has full member access to the eu market ( has nothing to do with euro currency ) . 
  this will brutally end with leaving the eu . 
  you misread my comment . 
  i am fully aware that the `` leave '' campaign in the uk dreams of the uk enjoying all benefits of eu membership but acting only in the self-interest . 
  however , we the continental europeans will not accept that . 
  of course they can walk their own way , like other countries on the european periphery , namely turkey and russia . 
  and the eu will mercilessly persue * its * self-interest vis-a-vis the uk as well . 
  at least for germany i can say that the uk will definitely not keep comprehensive access to the common market like switzerland . 
  this would not be in the eu self-interest . 
  their position will rather be worse than the position of turkey or russia . 
  the most important consequence of a brexit for the continental eu will be frankfurt/main becoming a global top financial center , taking over the position currently held by london . 
  by the same token , the continental eu services industries in general will grow from the new hurdles for uk firms and become more global competitors themselves . 
  and ireland will experience an unprecedented boom as the only english-mothertongue business hub left in the eu . 
  ok , i watched it . 
  my conclusion : if they vote brexit with these arguments , let us show them what the `` stagnant continent '' can do . 
  let us impose a blockade and wage a trade war against the uk which lets napoleonic times appear like a love affair . 
  let us make sure that the children and grandchildren of daniel hannan beg for food on the streets of an impoverished city of london . 
  challenge accepted , mr. hannan !, 
  as some [ rare enlightened reasoning from the `` leave '' campaign ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/04/27/the-european-union-always-was-a-cia-project-as-brexiteers-discov/ ) discovered :  the awful truth for the leave campaign is that the governing establishment of the entire western world views brexit as strategic vandalism . 
  best thing the contest can do is make shallow people suffer . 
  this analysis is a very recommendable read . 
  among many points i find most interesting , what sticks out is the obsession with islamist ideology identity among the akp/erdogan regime in ankara , which i think is well elaborated in the article ( what i found particularily interestuing is that isis routinely is not mentioned in state media as those who launch missiles on the turkish town of kilis ) . 
  there is a historic struggle going on for the soul of turkey , between the followers of the totalitarian political ideology of islamism versus those who want to live the secular political concept of the open society . 
  and it appears that while we speak , isis is forcing the hand of the akp/erdogan regime in ankara . 
  stay tuned . 
  read the second linked article ( if you can not read german , use google translate ) . 
  it explains pretty well how the tourism sector 's contraction works to destroy the `` erdogan economy '' , the weakness of which is the issue of foreign currency inflows . 
  turkey 's dwindling foreign currency reserves already hit the imf red lights ( at this point of time one of only very few countries in the world to do so ) . 
  if we uphold the boycott with discipline , the erdogan show will be over soon . 
  in my humble opinion , the only chance for a change for the better in turkey is a tourism boycott by us , the european consumers . 
  only that will erode the power base of erdogan enough to make a change for the better possible . 
  * al-monitor * has an excellent article up from yesterday : [ after political shake-up , is turkey heading for economic crisis ? 
  * al-monitor * has an excellent article up from yesterday : [ after political shake-up , is turkey heading for economic crisis ? 
  meanwhile in the bundestag today : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wawqlmq68qu, 
  i disagree with her handling of the \u00a7 103 stgb issue ( if she finds the norm should be abolished , she should do it right away , and in addition i do not see a fair reason and sincere motivation why she should have allowed for a prosecution beyond \u00a7 \u00a7 185 stgb anyway ) , but what i accuse her of is that `` intentional hurtful '' remark many days earlier . 
  this remark is the reason why i will fight for having a different person as chancellor after 2017 . 
  i do share the opinion that we can make the world a better place by publicly insulting and ridiculing recep tayyip erdogan . 
  the most important of the many mechanisms how this works is that the power base of the erdogan autocracy is devout self-esteem-challenged followers blowing up their egos projecting them on the allegedly invincible and untouchable hero leader ; the erdogan autocracy erodes whenever erdogan is publicly `` disrespected '' . 
  and he knows it , that is why he fights `` disrespect '' against him so obsessively . 
  the totalitarian socio-political ideology of islamism is the problem , not islam as a personal religion . 
  ( on your question : my presence on facebook is focused on my position in a mainstream political party in germany , however most of those threats relate to my professional work . ), 
  urban burgery , cologne http://www.urban-burgery.de/ they have a cool and busy facebook page , but this subreddit does not allow me to link there . 
  this morning , i have one more turkish islamist death threat in my facebook account ( pretty detailed including my publicly known address ) . 
  my average for death threats in the past 20 years is a bit more than one per month ( not counting those who do not know my real identity , like those i receive on reddit ) , most of them from what i call `` erdogan fanboys '' , turkish islamists with a nationalist bend , `` milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs '' style ( the other ones from arab background islamists ) . 
  i routinely send them to the police . 
  however , since i many years ago just mentally decided that it is worth to die fighting for our open society , against islamists , these death threats do not even emotionally touch me at all any more . 
  hopefully that `` insulting majesty '' law will be abolished soon . 
  pretty much every party in germany wants to abolish it by now , only ms merkel still stands on the brake . 
  it is not the chancellor 's job to mark german citizens as targets for violent foreign autocrat fanboy bigots . 
  i would agree on that . 
  actually this particular extreme form of honor-and-shame-society still prevalent in the middle east , called `` namus '' society , is the one explanation for all those issues we have . 
  islamism , islamist violence , backwardness , oppression in the family , brutal dictatorships , barbarian civil wars , erdoganism , all the shit in the end only is emanations of the socio-pathological `` namus '' society . 
  what i do not get is why these erdogan fanboys and turkish ultra-nationalists always feel so obsessed with violence . 
  when ms merkel in her trademark cynical opportunism threw comedian boehmermann under the bus publicly declaring him `` intentionally hurtful '' , she invitied hundreds of death threats against his family from erdogan fanboys and turkish ultra-nationalists in germany , necessitating top level police protection for him . 
  now a restaurant in cologne offers `` erdogan burgers '' , and they can only do so after turning their restaurant into a fortress . 
  why are these erdogan fanboys and turkish ultra-nationalists so obsessed with violence ? 
  the name of erdogan 's wife is a way to complain about merkel 's apologetic act for the erdogan autocracy . 
  reasoning , not `` conjecture '' . 
  for example , if i recall correctly , the law of pretty much all states in the region does not allow commercial kidney donations for the benefit of receivers who are not citizens of that state . 
  only this one country in the north appears willing to serve the international market . 
  and even if some other country would allow for it , `` medical tourists '' would not like those arab turmoil reputation destinations . 
  the links i find ( and the reports i know ) are indeed all about refugee donors currently living in north iraq and in lebanon . 
  i did not research where those actually have the kidney removed , but it makes sense that they are transplanted to new owners in turkey , as most `` medical tourists '' would hesitate to travel to lebanon or even iraq .
