   i guess obsessing over turkey is your life no , my life is doing good for progress and people . 
  it was not my choice that the citizens of turkey voted the ultimate enemies of enlightenment , humanism and the open society into state office . 
  and this is not my problem , it is their problem , and i am very glad to be in even more than one position to make them pay for that crime . 
  so to continue our overview of german media coverage , is state-run zdf television fine with you ? 
  they have a brief report on silvan . 
   he dedicated his life to make turkey 's future even worse . 
  ( his words . ), 
  you are overdoing it . 
  i make a humble contribution to help turkey live in a stone age economy that suits the stone age mindset and ideology of mr. erdogan and the akp . 
  and i make this humble contribution not on reddit , but in professional and political life . 
   i have to applaud the islamo-fascistic genocidial totalitarian state of turkey well , this is exactly what your reddit account appears to have been about all the time , so no news here . 
  you might add that you have to denounce all modern , secular people in turkey as well as the wider middle east who do not want to submit to the islamofascist * milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs * ideology of the akp and mr. erdogan as `` terrorists '' . 
  you are welcome . 
  here is some more german media on turkish state violence against secular ethnic kurdish citizens in silvan . 
  http://www.heise.de/tp/news/erdogans-rache-in-nordkurdistan-2919171.html https://www.jungewelt.de/2015/11-11/015.php and some turkey based media in english language . 
  http://anfenglish.com/search?term=silvan http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/silvan-under-lockdown--for-10th-day.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=91041&amp;newscatid=497 let 's face the facts : if you are an ethnic kurd in erdogan 's turkey , you have to either become an islamist or be considered an enemy of the state , a `` terrorist '' . 
  with all consequences of such designation . 
  http://anfenglish.com/kurdistan/reports-of-casualties-after-helicopter-attack-in-silvan http://anfenglish.com/news/allegations-of-arabic-speaking-people-attack-people-in-silvan the fact that there is few regular media material around is simply due to the fact that in erdogan 's caliphate , freedom of expression and a free press are not part of the concept . 
  sorry , very unfortunate typo , corrected . 
   `` turkey bombs kurds '' articles if turkey would just stop bombing secular kurds ( the erdogan government has no problem with islamist kurds ) , then there would be no such articles any more . 
  think about it . 
  the turkish government bombarding its own citizens if and when they seek secular minority rights for the autochthonous kurdish ethnic minority in turkey is one thing . 
  even more worrying in my eyes is that the turkish government bombards syrian citizens who seek to live in syria as secular kurds and are busy fighting isis there . 
  while we speak . 
  http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/turkish-military-allegedly-shell-kobane-ypg-and-arabs-advances-strategic-town-1894959234  turkey ` shells kobane ' as kurdish-arab forces advance on strategic town : kurdish-arab syrian democratic forces ( sdf ) are reportedly ` as close as 3km ' to a key islamic state lifeline, 
  here is a german media source ( referencing agencies including afp and own interviews ) . 
   what are we supposed to do if the terrorist are our citizens ? 
  just sit and watch ? 
  deal with the issue and with the people in a manner consistent with a civilized state of the 21st century . 
  and politically address and solve the issue of national minority rights of the autochthonous kurdish ethnic minority in the republic of turkey . 
  if you do not want the latter , let the southeast vote for separation and independence . 
   pkk and its affiliates ( pyd,dhkp-c ) have killed more than 40.000 turkish citizens in the past 30 years . 
  first of all , pyd is a progressive kurdish party in syria and has not killed anyone in turkey . 
  second , statistics speak about 40.000 casualties in the turkish civil war against kurdish minority rights , of whom 30.000 were killed by turkish security forces and 10.000 by kurdish combattants in turkey ( in particular pkk 's armed arm , hpg ) . 
  i have good news for you . 
  this `` expelling the current residents '' takes place only in your head . 
  there is no `` ethnic cleansing '' . 
  but of course you are now free to link cases under my perfectly legal typical cases of eviction from a particular building ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) , where people are removed from a particular building when it was erected without permit or when they refuse to pay rent to the landlord . 
  are you actually unaware that the westbank was occupied by israel in the war of 1967 , that the state of jordan later gave up its claim of sovereignty over the area ? 
  unaware that israel has not only a international law right but an obligation to administer the territory , and that it dutyfully applies the earlier legal system in place there ? 
  unaware that in oslo even the representatives of the non-israeli population explicitly consented to israeli administration in the area where it is done today ? 
  funny how ignorant you appear to be of these facts , given your obsession with agitating on the matter . 
   israel needs to reconstitute itself as a legitimate state - observant of human rights and international law . 
  israel already is `` a legitimate state - observant of human rights and international law '' on the highest level , when compared to all its peers , all other states in the world . 
  and with respect to its neighbours in the region , its standard of rule of law and human rights are light years above those . 
  here is an article you might find enlightening to read : http://www.timesofisrael.com/boshra-khalaila-telling-israel-like-it-is-in-arabic/ and here is a video of the 2015 tel aviv gay pride parade . 
  want to compare to other gay prides in the region ? 
  just post the links , dude , we compare together . 
   when the idf kicks arabs out of their home at gunpoint , bulldozes said homes ( ... ) is ethnic cleansing . 
  people forced out of homes by the idf ( rather : border police ) is an extremely rare occurrence and has nothing to do with `` ethnic cleansing '' but comes with a good legal basis whenever it happens , namely either ( a ) building erected without permit , ( b ) homeowner committed a major act of terror , which has destruction of his home as a possible statutory consequence , or ( c ) tenants refuse to pay rent to their landlord and violently fight eviction ( in which case of course the house is not bulldozed ) . 
  jewish people settling in the westbank has nothing to do with `` ethnic cleansing '' of anyone . 
  your accusations obviously come from a fantasy world . 
  however , ethnically cleansing away the jews of gaza was real . 
  you appear not to care , and to actively endorse ethnically cleansing the westbank from jews . 
  so ftfy in your own words :  perhaps you just hold [ jews ] to a lower standard and therefore can excuse [ them being ethnically cleansed ] , as they do n't have [ the same value and rights as other human beings ] . 
  it is a deeply anti-semitic idea to believe jews should not be held to the same standard as everyone else . 
  the only `` ethnic cleansing '' plan on the table i know of is the eliminatory desire to clean first the westbank and then the whole land from the river to the sea of any jewish presence . 
  regrettably , israel 's withdrawal from the gaza stip was in `` palestinian '' discourse not perceived as a step towards mutual peace , but as a blueprint for the further , future steps of ethnically cleansing the land from jews . 
  there is nothing inherently `` ethnic supremacist '' in the concept of the nation state , neither the danish , the vietnamese , the czech or the jewish nation state . 
  it is simply the concept of common statehood , at best a liberal republic , for people with a common national narrative and culture . 
  and it worked and works very well as a foundation for modern society , to advance the values of enlightenment and humanism , the open society , liberty and democracy . 
  and the idea of interpreting jewishness as consitituting a modern nation like all other modern nations was developed and advanced in the jewish diaspora . 
  your allegation of this `` negating the diaspora '' is utter nonsense . 
  just try to accept that it is legitimate for other people to disagree with you on what identifying with jewishness means for them . 
  be happy with your own self-identification , whatever it is , and let others be . 
  i have been to gaza . 
  every night numerous people from the most various backgrounds came to my host family 's house to discuss politics . 
  time and again i said that israel is here to stay and will not go away , and that for their own sake and for their children they must make peace with the existence of israel in their own hearts and minds . 
  and everybody , actually * everybody * of hundreds of people , with no single exception , told me that they can not and will not do that , it would be against their concept of honor , and that they would not mind if the war against the existence of israel were to last 300 years , and if that means 300 years of suffering then be it so . 
  in all my time in gaza , among all the people of all genders , ages and backgrounds , i did not meet a single one who was ready just to seriously consider , even less endorse , mutual peace with israel as an idea . 
  make no mistake : the hateful people who push this `` bds '' boycott agenda * want * to hurt palestinians . 
  the one thing they are afraid of is what they call `` normalisation '' , something that must in their eyes be avoided at all human cost . 
  they * want * people to suffer , because that causes and nurtures the bitterness and hate which they desire for their eternal war against the existence of israel . 
  here is the charter of * hamas * , the party democratically elected by the people of gaza ( and according to polls supported by even bigger , huge majorities to this day ) . 
  it reads like hitler 's * mein kampf * and calls for the physical elimination of each and every jew in the land of israel . 
  http://avalon.law.yale.edu/20th_century/hamas.asp did you ever read it ? 
  did you watch the video above ? 
  on the other hand , did you ever hear any gaza politician ( or even any regular guy from gaza ) say that their problem would be jewish settlements in the westbank , and without these settlements they were fine with the existence of israel ? 
  of course not . 
  they do not care at all whether a jew lives in tel aviv or in a westbank settlement . 
  their obsession is the land from the river to the sea as a whole . 
  if you lack the intellectual capabilitiy to understand that zionism simply is an interpretation of jewishness , an interpretation with which the people concerned identify , that is your problem not mine . 
  why do you hate modernity ? 
  enlightenment , humanism , secularism , emancipation , individualism , progress , the open society , why do you hate them ? 
  what is it about the cold darkness of the archaic world , where the clan and the clan god is everything and the individual is nothing , that keeps you in its prison ? 
   the settlements already happened before the gaza crisis . 
  there is not a single jew in gaza since 2005 , even less so a jewish settlement . 
  gaza is totally free of jews , hitler would be proud of them . 
  and still the aggression and eliminatory hate against israel does not go away , rather it is the bread and butter of all society there . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2m_gy-rd_s  the west bank is way more moderate than the gaza strip thank you for proving my point that `` settlements '' are not the problem . 
  you explicitely stated that `` zionist crimes '' would `` deligitimize '' the existence of the jewish nation state , implying that people of all other nations were not or less guilty of such `` crimes '' . 
  my accusation against you is perfectly correct , your own bitter words prove it to be . 
  and once again , zionism is the interpretation of jewishness as constitutiong a modern nation like all other nations . 
  it is an interpretation of jewishness , not something separate from jewishness . 
  the idea that zionism would be `` delegitimized '' is a reality only in the dark hearts of antisemites , just as your absurd idea that people of the jewish nation would have committed more `` crimes '' than people of other nations . 
  israel is alive and well , and it will continue to be so in spite of all its haters . 
  zionism simply is the interpretation of jewishness as constituting a modern nation like all other modern nations . 
  rejecting the legitimacy of zionism ( and of the state of israel ) apparently is a discriminatory double standard against jews when compared to any other ethnic group and such fulfills the definition of antisemitism perfectly . 
  israeli settlements in the west bank are condemned and called illegal by all people who want to deny and avoid discussing the real problem for peace in the land , namely the hateful eliminatory attitude and narrative in `` palestinian '' arab societies of eternal war against the existence of israel , the modern state of jewish civilization . 
  i concede , however , that this denial is so convenient that it is in fact the dominating attitude in global diplomacy .
