  has happiness a home in the world ? 
  * the happy days of youth * it was lived outdoors . 
  back in cairo , ankara and tehran . 
  joy was the name of a dance . 
  you could feel the stranger 's hand , that prepared meals , on your own skin . 
  it was also a time in which the prisons were filled and emptied with political prisoners . 
  but the air outside did not smell like grids . 
  the air smelled of light effects . 
  in the movies it was talked , laughed , music made . 
  as on the streets . 
  the houses all had a window on the streets . 
  one grew out of one 's house , to discover the world . 
  the world of different people , the world of the other gender , the world of strange odors . 
  the child grew up free , because the adults had not yet fully furnished their world . 
  you searched for the course of events , found snippets of photos , tried in memories , but they did live in the future . 
  they lived in their children that they had rather than the ideas in their heads , the wild and horny ideas , the dangerous and the harmless . 
  it was a time when you went to paris for a weekend , because in paris was always spring , a spring of the fragrance and love . 
  the preacher , who accompanied the dead came back to life and smelled like roses . 
  life and joy belonged to the existence of mortals , because they had the time and leisure to think about themselves and others . 
  it was a time of learning . 
  foreign languages , the art of numbers and the art of living . 
  today in many places people have no life any more . 
  why even the graves ? 
  the people no longer have a home . 
  why even have a garden ? 
  the people have no land . 
  what still limits ? 
  freedom can be as homelessness . 
  in childhood , freedom smelled like freedom . 
  the muezzin sounded as if he would sing of freedom . 
  he called the people to prayer . 
  prayer smelled like freedom . 
  now , where the muezzin calls for death , to death and to kill , it would be to remember the smell of the prayers . 
  can you remember smells ? 
  will prayers help ? 
  you do not smell good anymore . 
  they smell musty . 
  we will no longer be free , meet together , but not free and be together . 
  we are prejudiced , lifeless or false . 
  we have no more childhood . 
  the trains no longer go to europe . 
  the ships that reach europe pour children overboard . 
  but also those who live on do not travel any more . 
  they emigrate , emigrate from their childhood , their lives , their hopes , from the joy of living . 
  can you live with these people ? 
  or is the hope that they have lost our death sentence ? 
  * the disappearance of childhood * there is no longer this childhood , which one could remember together . 
  the alphabets are without secret . 
  freedom is a word . 
  words give life . 
  we split the words in our bodies and have no word left for the happy childhood . 
  who belongs paris ? 
  who owns my childhood ? 
  mother asia , father europe ? 
  to whom does the bastard belong ? 
  it was a happy childhood , the childhood of the bastards . 
  i want my childhood back , my spotted by executioners childhood . 
  i want to put on like a torn dress . 
  it 's perfect for me today , my mood , for my heart torn , for my pain . 
  without childhood we are naked . 
  the enlightened experience for a generation how they are pushed back in their own countries , but increasingly also rejected and abandoned by their non-muslim sympathizers . 
  they learn how the memory of their childhood increasingly gets into oblivion . 
  * massacre of ankara * nowhere is this amnesia , which is accompanied by great loneliness , so noticeable as in turkey . 
  and no other event makes this loneliness feel more than the assassinations by deluded islamists . 
  only a month ago , a suicide bomber killed more than 100 people in the heart of ankara . 
  hundreds of people were injured . 
  a massacre of people who had come to demonstrate for peace . 
  this event is perhaps hardly remembered . 
  otherwise , the turkish president would have a harder time after the paris attacks with his self-assured , arrogant appearances before the world public . 
  the fight against terror he wants to receive , together with the leading nations of the world . 
  would it not be about time first to uncover the backers for islamist terrorism in his own country ? 
  the performances of the turkish president in recent years were not without effect . 
  turkey has gradually left the western community of values . 
  the law is broken , continuously . 
  it is threatened and sweared , against critics , against all those who can not be put on line . 
  * erdogan 's arrogance * now the country shall again get closer to europe ? 
  how come ? 
  is it not rather true that the unsettled enlightened elites of turkey stand in the rain just like the proponents of a european turkey in europe ? 
  where is there left any discussion about the common values that go beyond lip service ? 
  the press which is close to the turkish government has denounced such a community of values for a long time . 
  they served the masses with conspiracy theories . 
  the situatuion of the journalists and intellectuals of the country is sufficiently well known . 
  the enlightened turks were and are left alone in their opposition to the rancor of their president and his ruling clique . 
  this also contributes to the great loneliness , whose shadow falls on the representatives of a free and open europe . 
  it is high time to rid our hearts of this solitude . 
  because there is a common world to which we must fight , a world as it has been built after 1945 in europe . 
  * the devastating impact of the saudis * but the inhuman ideology of the nazis is wearing a muslim caftan today . 
  there is nothing to interpret . 
  unfortunately , to many europeans today this caftan appears to be closer , for power political or other reasons , than the stuff of which the dreams of the enlightenment are sewn . 
  would one otherwise be photographed , shortly after the paris massacre , with the wahhabit king , representing ideologically and economically the hinterland of what is now the caliph state . 
  not only that , the young people from the suburbs in paris , in brussels and elsewhere are poisoned by salafis , wahhabis and other islamic sects . 
  the nihilism of the losers finds a breeding ground . 
  for this and nothing else stands saudi arabia . 
  this spectacle is no longer even be described as cynical . 
  it has become murderous . 
  * zafer senocak , born 1961 in ankara , ist a writer . 
  he lives in germany . 
  the french magazine * marianne * , where this article originally appeared , is staunchly left and progressive . 
  the most important challenge for the european discourse is , in my view , that the progressive discourse must pick up the issue that to move forward , all of us , we as a society as a whole , must overcome the retarded archaic totalitarian political ideology of islamism . 
  and i am very delighted to see exactly this happening in france as we speak .
