   it is the ongoing attack on secularism , based on a horribly deformed concept of tolerance , that makes me feel very worried about the future . 
  what i frequently wonder : do the people who promote this deformed concept of tolerance not understand that the age of enlightenment would never have happened with their attitude ? 
  do they regret that the age of enlightenment happened ? 
  do they appreciate that we had some centuries of enlightenment and now wish to turn back the clock ? 
  whatever it may be , i am glad to observe that finally , finally across europe , across all political shades , there appears a sincere and vigorous defence of secularism about to form . 
   and yet , none of what is about to happen in the airport or metro of brussels can really happen without everyone 's contribution . 
  because the incidence of all of it is informed by some version of the same dread or fear . 
  the fear of contradiction or objection . 
  the aversion to causing controversy . 
  the dread of being treated as an islamophobe or being called racist . 
  really , a kind of terror . 
  and that thing which is just about to happen when the taxi-ride ends is but a last step in a journey of rising anxiety . 
  it 's not easy to get some proper terrorism going without a preceding atmosphere of mute and general apprehension . 
  very delighted by the light that this article sheds on the issue . 
  the agenda of mr tariq ramadan and other islamist enemies of the open society must finally be at the center of our attention . 
   the first task of the guilty is to blame the innocent . 
  it 's an almost perfect inversion of culpability . 
  from the bakery that forbids you to eat what you like , to the woman who forbids you to admit that you are troubled by her veil , we are submerged in guilt for permitting ourselves such thoughts . 
  and that is where and when fear has started its sapping , undermining work . 
  and the way is marked for all that will follow . 
  we have over many decades developed a comprehensive , multifaceted system to defend our open society against the totalitarian political ideology of nazism . 
  if you are so much interested in studying concrete measures , just think about using the same measures with respect to the totalitarian political ideology of islamism . 
  i agree with you that in the past these discussions have been fruitless . 
  i disagree with you on the reason why they have been fruitless . 
  in my view , they have been fruitless because they got lost in discussing concrete measures instead of clearly formulating the general rationale first . 
  and that is what i did above . 
  i gave you a very clear definition . 
  it is about ideology/topoi expressing eliminatory enmity against the open society principle . 
  in countless discussions i had on this subject , everybody always understood what this means . 
  it is not about `` disliking '' or `` being '' anything , everybody may dislike and be whatever he wants . 
  it is indeed about `` active hostility '' , which however need not be violent . 
  the simplest way to explain it is to say : `` there is no problem about how you want to live your life . 
  the issue concerns only how you want to dictate other people live their lives . '', 
  occidentophobia is one of the known ideologies/topoi aiming with eliminatory enmity against the open society principle on which our societies in europe are built . 
  the concrete characteristic of occidentophobia is its recourse to the totalitarian political ideology of islamism . 
  i think it is important to talk about the principle , not get lost in discussing specific measures , exactly for the need to fight misrepresentations that you mention . 
  as you apparently are not much educated about the great concept of the open society that our free europe is built on , i happily repeat it for you : ideologies/topoi with an eliminatory aim and agenda against the open society principle have no place in an open society . 
  they must be fought and eliminated . 
  no place for nazism . 
  no place for islamism . 
  no place for ideologies/topoi that seek to abolish freedom . 
  this is the necessary foundation on which our open society is built . 
  it is not contrary to the open society , and neither does it mean `` abolishing freedom '' . 
  i would really recommend that you educate yourself about the open society concept , it is a great concept that has allowed our societies in europe an unprecedented space for the individual pursuit of happiness and societal progress hand in hand . 
  open society needs to fight and remove from public discourse such ideologies/topoi with an eliminatory aim and agenda against the open society principle . 
  there can be no freedom to abolish freedom . 
  this is long established , i recommend that you read karl popper 's `` the open society and its enemies '' , or any other literature on the subject . 
  the point i make here is simply applying this well established wisdom to the totalitarian political ideology of islamism and the topos of occidentophobia in public discourse . 
  you are free to argue for more surveillance of the problem . 
  i do not see much effectiveness in sacrificing liberty with ever more surveillance . 
  i argue for solving the problem , and the first and most important step in this is explicitly and unapologetically calling the problem by its name : occidentophobia . 
  my academic , professional and personal interest/motivation to comment on reddit is modernisation of middle east societies . 
  if you would actually read my comment history , you would find out that it is not about `` turkey and kurds '' at all , and i neither care about `` turks '' nor about `` kurds '' . 
  for illustration , actors i explicitly cherish in my comment history include kemalist turkey , zionist israel , and the progressive kurdish movement kck , all for their contribution to modernisation of middle east societies . 
  i despise anti-enlightenment , anti-open-society attitudes , agendas and actors , from any quarter , arab , turkish , persian , kurdish , jewish , whatever . 
  we do not need more surveillance . 
  what we need to do in defence of our open society , to overcome the totalitarian political ideology of islamism and its terror , is that we europeans must for the first time in history clearly , categorically and unapologetically formulate the demand that immigrants from the middle east must abandon [ occidentophobia ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/brussels-attacks-terrorism-europe-muslims-brussels-attacks-airport-metro/ ) . 
  no more `` multicultural '' islamist parallel society . 
  for clarification , you guess wrong , i am all ethnic german . 
  i can even prove it down to 1760 , as my grandparents like every german had to produce ancestry certificates during the nazi era . 
  actually i was optimistic that never again in history would such racist shit be in demand , until i met ultra-nationalist kurd-hating redditors from turkey . 
  funny that this submission gets downvoted so much . 
  apparently some people think that if they ignore reality they do not like , then reality will go away . 
  however , only a change for a better policy will actually solve the issues . 
  technically there are still three verses . 
  the law states that `` only the third verse is sung '' . 
  i personally know quite some people with an ethnic turkish background very well who have become all german/european citizens . 
  it is a matter of choice in the heart and mind . 
  agree with your assessment that this `` loyalties to turkey '' issue is crucial . 
  for example , whenever there are elections in turkey , i implore all my turkish background friends and acquaintances who have a second turkish passport to go vote for chp ( which is the only party they would vote for anyway , some hdp people aside ) . 
  however , most of them do not want to , because they politically self-identify as germans and not as turks . 
  i find your attitude of cheering supremacist political violence like cheering for a football team utterly disgusting . 
  discussion over for me . 
  i do not care about your ethnic background , i am talking about political attitude , about you cheering the ghengis khan approach to politics . 
  your account is among those most openly cheering supremacist political violence on all of reddit . 
  absolutely fascinating how the ghengis khan approach to politics has survived to pop up in the reddit of 2016 . 
  question to you , if you try really hard , can you assemble the sincerety to change your flair to what obviously are your true political attitude colors ? 
  neither the bizarrely corrupt tyranny in baku , nor the agenda of subjugation and annihillation of the all-armenian population in nagorno-karabakh , deserve any sympathy . 
  wishing good luck to the defenders of nagorno-karabakh . 
  [ genscher at the german embassy in prague 1989 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh9ewnurawe ), 
  delighted that mr faaberg-anderson finally appears to understand , that '' [ bds movement ] ( http://www.stopbds.com/?page_id=549 ) '' is just another petty and pathetic propaganda project of eliminatory hate against jews , against enlightened civilisation in the middle east , and against the state of israel representing both . 
  hopefully earlier ignorant statements from him can be forgotten . 
  [ palestinian society ] ( http://www.palwatch.org/ ) has many issues to learn basic traits of human decency . 
  the fact that some jews live in judea and samaria is not a real problem . 
  it is nothing but a proxy issue to incite hate for a political agenda of annihilation of jews , annihilation of enlightened civilisation in the middle east , and annihilation of israel which represents both . 
  glad to say that it is possible to buy `` settlement products '' here in berlin . 
  and i love to do so , because it supports normalisation as the true interest of all human beings living in the land between the jordan and the mediterranean , because it furthers modernisation of middle east societies , and it hurts the merchants of hate . 
  i am in the cockpit and shouted allahu akbar a couple of times , the crew seems cooperative now , what city do i tell the pilot as our new destination ? 
   ( button bottom right , but not too far right ) i wish mr erdogan would have heeded your advice . 
  may i ask you what your username means ? 
  i know pkk , i know fkk , but what is bkk ? 
  it is not far fetched to [ consider the `` sons of liberty '' terrorists ] ( http://www.earlyamerica.com/early-america-review/volume-1/sons-liberty-patriots-terrorists/ ) under the contemporary usage of the term . 
  by the way , the parallels to the organisation of the kck are striking . 
  and the [ constitution of rojava ] ( http://pulitzercenter.org/reporting/dream-secular-utopia-isis-backyard ) is close to what the founding fathers envisioned for the nascent usa , much closer than contemporary us reality anyway . 
  i do not think it is correct accusing / u/manupatton of being `` massive pro kurd to the point of nuttiness '' . 
  that redditor appears to be rather `` pro turk '' , if i may borrow your ethnic matrix . 
  while i myself am blind to ethnicities and pro enlightenment , pro secularism , pro progress and pro open society . 
  i am not `` pro-kurdish '' in any sense . 
  actually i have a pretty profound dislike for traditional kurdish societies . 
  what i cherish is the modernisation agenda of the progressive kurdish movement kck .
