  i see no need to `` distinguish europe from the us '' , and as i said i see no fruit from such effort either . 
  the * other * need not be an `` enemy '' ( although that might amplify the effect ) . 
  it is just any * other * i use to define myself by pointing at the difference between me and the * other * . 
  all this is most fundamental contemporary consensus european sociology wisdom . 
  there is no problem with having good relations with the * other * . 
  i do not think that constructing a distinctive european identity with the usa as the * other * could work . 
  the two are too close in basics , there is no room for a sufficiently powerful distinction . 
  i agree with your reasoning that a europe without a distinct identity will never come into existence . 
  however , i am not all so pessimistic that it would not be possible to construct and make effective such distinct identity , and i am pretty surprised that federalists appear not even to decisively try now that the historic opportunity comes along . 
  excellent piece from the imprisoned editor-in-chief of * cumhuriyet * , the highest quality political and news media in the republic of turkey . 
   thus i defend myself with winston churchill 's words : `` the official secrets act was devised to protect the national defence ... and ought not to be used to shield ministers who have a strong personal interest in concealing the truth . '', 
  in germany , it is an east/west thing . 
  in east germany , it was custom to take off the shoes , in west germany not . 
  when you go to visit someone here in berlin mitte , hosts would for example tell you at the door `` leave your shoes on , we are wessi '' or the other way round . 
  i have actually always considered the accession process with turkey to have a mutual benefit value in itself , advancing modernisation of society and state in turkey ( irrespective of later eu membership or not ) . 
  however , matter of fact is that since erdogan , this logic is broken . 
  my petition would be to formally end this accession process now , because it has become counterproductive in cloaking and thus indirectly supporting the islamist , sultanist agenda of * milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs * , the akp , mssrs erdogan and davutoglu and their ilk . 
   there 's basically no path for resistance for these people . 
  good . 
  sooner or later this will make them simply stop mentally resisting the fact of israel 's existence and make peace with it in their own hearts and minds . 
  is the offer good for german citizens as well ? 
  i would take an easyjet flight from berlin to oslo , request the money for not applying for asylum and use it for some nice days . 
  actually i always wanted to travel to norway , have never been there , although my parents tell me i was `` made in norway '' . 
  the point is the claimed source of legitimacy of the laws . 
  if the source of legitimacy is considered to be in religion , or worldly . 
  the content of the law is irrelevant , it actually is indiscernible from the naked content of any law to classify it as `` religious '' or not . 
  the wahhabi religious establishment is factually running the country . 
  the law of the land is not set but considered to be laid down in the koran . 
  saudi arabia is a theocracy in anything but the name . 
   the west 's denial regarding saudi arabia is striking : it salutes the theocracy as its ally but pretends not to notice that it is the world 's chief ideological sponsor of islamist culture . 
  the younger generations of radicals in the so-called arab world were not born jihadists . 
  they were suckled in the bosom of fatwa valley , a kind of islamist vatican with a vast industry that produces theologians , religious laws , books , and aggressive editorial policies and media campaigns . 
  actually the process of modernisation has always and everywhere in the world involved some pain associated with overcoming the pre-modern . 
  and yes , in many cases it did even involve some degree of `` murdering traditional minded people '' in militant opposition . 
  the greatest of men in this respect in the middle east , the only really successful moderniser yet in that part of the world , a guy called mustafa kemal pasha , is an example . 
   eu as a collective should intervene by establishing a safe zone well , that safe zone already exists . 
  it is called rojava and run by secular , progressive kurds . 
  the erdogan government of turkey does not like this concept , it wants a `` safe zone '' as a re-education project for secular syrians to learn to totally submit under totalitarian sharia law and rules in the future . 
  however , the usa by now clearly support the secular , progressive approach of the kurds and prop them up . 
  a month ago a new rebel umbrella for syria was founded , `` syrian democratic forces '' ( sdf ) , a club where you can only get in after being vetted by the secular , progressive kurds . 
  the us plan now is to take out every player in syria except only the government and the sdf and then strike a deal for a political solution . 
   let 's create a safe zone near to the border where the refugees are in safety and are guarded . 
  such a safe zone exists . 
  it is called rojava . 
  the government of turkey has erected a total blockade and boycott against it , encourages islamist assassins to slip over its border and do some terror there , and occasionally even has the turkish army shoot arbitrarily at targets across the border . 
  problem is that this safe zone is run by secular , progressive kurds , and government of turkey hates nothing in the world more than secular , progressive kurds . 
   sad that they only care because turkey is the bad guy all the time in my impression , this is not true in many aspects . 
  what i do encounter in multiple contexts ( including reddit ) rather is a strange `` stockholm syndrom '' mindset of many decent secular turkish citizens who often feel compelled to `` defend turkey '' against any criticism of erdogan 's sultanist attitudes and policies . 
  discussions about the `` neo-ottoman '' syria policy or the use of isis-like militias against pkk in southeast turkey are frequent points . 
  it is regrettably rather rare and precious to find turkish citizens ( of any background ) to clearly and categorically work to overcome the sultanism , in my experience . 
  this divisiveness among his opponents is erdogan 's best support . 
  ( 1 ) as long as the us government prefers to blackmail erdogan with it over the publication of the records of bilal 's dealings , there is no linkable `` proof '' of them on the internet . 
  ( 2 ) bilal moving himself and his assets to italy in october was all over the news , google it . 
  if mr. erdogan wants to know more details about isis oil dealings , he just has to talk to his own son bilal , who has become a multi-millionaire by managing the oil dealings of islamist terrorists including isis . 
  for every decent person it was a major pleasure to watch bilal flee turkey ( for italy ) immediately before the november 1st elections in turkey as a precautionary step . 
   the most isolated country ever existed the article `` erdogan more isolated than ever on syria '' in al-monitor picks up this issue : http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2015/11/syria-turkey-russian-warplane-shot-down-aftermath-erdogan.html, 
  here is a good radio interview from today with european parliament vice president alexander graf lambsdorff ( in german ) . 
  well , this jet shooting down has contributed to a further increase of international islolation of erdogan 's government . 
  there is a very good article `` erdogan more isolated than ever on syria '' in al-monitor : http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2015/11/syria-turkey-russian-warplane-shot-down-aftermath-erdogan.html, 
  i have no idea neither do i care about the details of mr. erdogan 's scams , but there obviously was a shootout with the bodyguards of the victim who were not part of the scam . 
  by the way , you do not really believe that people like mr. erdogan and mr. fidan would hesitate to kill turkish citizens and turkish police/military if it serves their personal interests , do you ? 
  if you are so naive , i recommend some mr. google , if you understand turkish there are even recorded phone conversations of the erdogan clique on diverse scams including the plan of turkish victims . 
  here is a visual reflection of turkish media : http://www.diken.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/nokta3.jpg, 
  as far as i can see , this propaganda story that alleges tahir el\u00e7i would have been asassinated by ydg-h is told only by erdogan propaganda media . 
  this propaganda story is absurd for many reasons , and it also contradicts the well known video of the assassination which shows the assassin cooperating with official turkish police ( who tell him to disappear quickly , before the chaos calms down ) . 
  this assassination is obviously in the interest of erdogan , both to create more violence to suggest need for himself as strongman above the constitution , and to go with his recent agenda to accomodate turkisch nazis with his rule . 
  you are aware that there is a difference between ( a ) religion as personal , non-political concept and ( b ) a political ideology of conquering the public , political sphere for a religious based discourse instead of enlightened based discourse , right ? 
  the terms islamism and islamisation refer to the latter . 
  their opposite is not atheism but secularism . 
  the * daily sabah * is pretty much the akp 's equivalent to nazi propaganda papers in the dark years of germany . 
  i would wish that everyone in this subreddit would have the decency to not link to this source . 
  well , thanksgiving is not really a holiday here . 
  our turkey rather looks like this these days : http://www.inenart.eu/wp-content/uploads/2012/2013/06/532505_586387961393183_1095939903_n.jpg, 
  i agree with everything you wrote , but not sure why you wrote it , as i did not suggest anything to the contrary . 
  as you appear to speak german , here is an illustration of what i am talking about : http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/familie/2013-02/muslime-familie-ehre/komplettansicht i would pretty much endorse all publications from ahmad mansour on the issue . 
  i simply answered to your post . 
  the political aim for syria must be to make it a place which is secular , where no man and no woman will be beheaded or crucified or otherwise persecuted for allegedly `` insulting islam '' or `` leaving islam '' . 
  anyone who rejects this project is the part of the problem , anyone who accepts the invitation to the project is part of the solution . 
  every rebel group can choose to apply to join the secular syrian democratic forces , or not . 
  the parallel society problem described in the article is a reality in parts of berlin , it has nothing to do with refugees , most of the protagonists are born in germany and german citizens , many even in the second or third generation . 
   make sure that we do n't end up giving a voice to the right-national parties it is a really absurd situation that defence of the open society against the totalitarian political ideology of islamism has become to be perceived , from many angles , as a `` right wing project '' . 
  i am extremely happy that at least in france the progressive , leftist discourse appears to pick it up with force these days . 
  oh , being beheaded or crucified or otherwise persecuted for allegedly `` insulting islam '' or `` leaving islam '' can happen to you not only in isis territory , but in any islamist ruled place , from iran to al-qaeda affiliated fiefdoms ( including al-nusra 's in syria ) , from saudi arabia to muslim brotherhood affiliated fiefdoms ( including ahrar al-sham 's in syria ) , in pakistan or sudan , and so on . 
   look out of whose country the people run away of in millions and whose country the people run to . 
  for the time being , they run away from the territories ruled by wannabe-caliphs al-baghdadi and erdogan , and they run towards germany . 
   yeah , it was akp that put me on the road to atheism . 
  akp alienated a lot of people . 
  i 'm not the only one . 
  i take the liberty to upvote you . 
  i have no idea why any person that does not want himself or his family or anyone else beheaded or crucified or otherwise persecuted for allegedly `` insulting islam '' or `` leaving islam '' is accused of supporting assad . 
  i would say for myself and even dare to speak for all governments in europe and north america that we would love to implement any secular , democratic alternative to assad , and are happy that ( a ) the secular , pro-modernity , pro-democracy syrian democratic forces opposition exists and grows and ( b ) russia plausibly communicates that it would see its interests served enough by elements of the current regime other than assad . 
  i do not mind what israel currently does at its borders , i think it is smart . 
  my disagreement referred to the arguments israeli diplomats and other members of the israeli security establishment are making in europe and the usa , namely advocate the cynical calculation of using islamists as a tool in syria , advocate that europe and the usa should follow that course of action . 
  and with this proposal i strongly disagree , see above . 
  i am very happy that both in europe and the usa the cynical calculation of using islamists as a tool and the related use of the nonsense term `` moderate islamist '' appear on their way to become a thing of the past . 
  i am convinced that as a consequence , middle east policy will become much more sincere , and much more result-bearing and more efficient in the future . 
  i am the stauchest friend of zionism and israel you can imagine , but on this issue i clearly disagree with the israeli security establishment . 
  the cynical calculation of using islamists as a tool is not efficient or otherwise acceptable in the overall balance . 
  it has most infamously been employed by the usa in afghanistan , and both the usa and the world as a whole suffer the immeasurable consequences of jihadism until today . 
  if you want to get rid of assad , get a political strategy that works without islamists , europe and the usa are by now working on exactly this .
