our current german `` grand coalition '' government still does neither have the wisdom and courage to even set clear rules on immigration ( such as a canada-like general immigration law ) nor does it have the wisdom and courage to rigorously implement the existing rules on asylum . 
  it lacks any ambition for solving the refugee crisis at its source . 
  and recently , it has with amazing dilettantism within a single week destroyed european rules like dublin ii and schengen . 
  we must do better . 
  there must be clear rules for asylum and for immigration , and these clear rules must be rigorously implemented . 
  otherwise the system will not work for anybody and citizens ' permissive consensus for both asylum and immigration will further erode . 
  tl ; dr  ba\u011fdat was mocking [ melih ] g\u00f6k\u00e7ek [ akp ] for questioning cem \u00d6zdemir , a german politician of turkish origin , on twitter about whether he was an armenian , after \u00d6zdemir called on turkey to recognize the killings of armenians during the last years of the ottoman empire as genocide . 
   in a petition to the court , g\u00f6k\u00e7ek 's lawyer said his client was insulted by ba\u011fdat 's tweets , apparently claiming that the word `` armenian '' meant `` disgusting . ''  `` using a word in the sense of disgust toward someone so loved and honored by the people is a serious violation of my client 's personal rights and a great disrespect against anyone who has voted for , supports , loves and honors my client , '' the petition reads . 
   saudi arabia , the main country that are pushing that particular ideology ( or a more extreme version of it ) ? 
  indeed , it is a shame that islamist institutions like the * king fahd academy * are still legally operating on german soil . 
  promoting the totalitarian political ideology of islamism ( submitting society and the state unter totalitarian sharia ) should be inacceptable in a europe built on the values of enlightenment and humanism . 
  however , concerning saudi-arabia , there is also growing support for secular , open society dissidents like raif badawi . 
  diverse reviews of his book `` 1000 lashes '' come to my mind . 
  of course there are people , hearts and minds in the arab world who can do better than live in denial as prisoners and hostages of islamist narcissism . 
  http://www.raifbadawi.org/news/raif-badawi-news/item/490-global-citizen-versus-theocracy-a-review-of-raif-badawi-s-book-by-sascha-feuchert.html http://www.dw.com/en/what-blogger-raif-badawis-new-book-reveals-about-saudi-arabia/a-18353234 same with this great piece `` invisible atheists '' by ahmed benchemsi . 
  non-islamists can effectively fight the totalitarian political ideology of islamism , just like non-fascists have effectively fought the totalitarian political ideology of fascism and like non-leninists have effectively fought the totalitarian political ideology of leninism . 
  there are multiple instruments available to do so , and if you doubt it , study how fascism and leninism were overcome . 
   it is criticized all the time , even by muslim organizations well , the totalitarian political ideology of islamism ( submitting society and state under totalitarian sharia ) is profoundly critizised by progressive , secular `` muslim organizations '' here in germany . 
  however , the `` islamic organizations '' here in germany ( see ayman mazyek or ditib , for example ) have at best an ambivalent stance towards the totalitarian political ideology of sharia rule . 
  i recommend ahmad mansour for a reading . 
  http://ahmad-mansour.com/veroeffentlichungen/ http://ahmad-mansour.com/de/veroeffentlichungen/ yes , there is a problem with xenophobia against muslims in germany , too . 
  but the cause of this problem is the same epic mistake by the political class that causes the rise of islamism , namely a lack of persistent , effective support for secular , enlightened muslims against the onslaught of islamist ambitions for political totalitarianism . 
  i disagree . 
  regrettably , the opposition to the totalitarian political ideology of islamism ( submitting society and state under totalitarian sharia ) is still considered `` politically incorrect '' by many in the western mainstream discourse . 
  and within closed islamist communities this islamist discourse is standard , the attempts to dissolve such closed islamist communities are still grossly insufficient . 
  i recommend ahmad mansour for a reading . 
  this article is the most brilliant and to-the-point piece i have ever read about the situation in the republic of turkey and about mr. erdogan . 
  i would not even know what sentence or paragraph selectively to quote , as it just is brilliant from the first word to the last . 
  just out of curiosity , would you take the five minutes to read that article `` turkey 's radicalizing youth dominates escalating conflict '' i linked in the comments below and tell me if you consider posting this particular article as ( a ) an interesting contribution to policy discussion or ( b ) an expression of unwarranted hostility towards turkey ? 
  i still have hope that there might be some people in turkey who would be willing to have an open-minded discussion about policy rather than reject everything critical as `` disparaging turkey '' . 
  however , with every day i spend on reddit i lose a little bit more of that hope . 
  turkey is heading towards an abyss , and there appears to be an astonishing lack of interest among turkish users in discussing it . 
   muslims are coming to rape our mothers , sisters and daughters please spill this nonsense somewhere else . 
  secular muslims , people with a personal attachment to the religion of islam , are the first and foremost victims of islamists and the terror of those the followers of the totalitarian political ideology that seeks to submit society and state unter the totalitarian sharia framework . 
  the aim and problem of terrorism is not dead people . 
  the aim and problem of terrorism is its instilling terror in people 's hearts and minds in order to further the political agenda of the terrorist . 
  and in this point , islamist terrorism , the terrorism for the totalitarian political ideology of sharia rule , is the one and unparalleled plague and curse on humanity in the 21st century , both globally and in europe . 
  we need a persevering , uncompromising policy for enlightenment , humanism , secularism and the open society . 
  we need a persevering , uncompromising rejection of any islamism , totalitarian sharia ideology , which has no place whatsoever in europe . 
  we do , however , * not * need xenophobia . 
  related , there is a very readworthy piece `` turkey 's radicalizing youth dominates escalating conflict '' : http://www.telesurtv.net/english/opinion/turkeys-radicalizing-youth-dominates-escalating-conflict-20150919-0017.html, 
  related , there is a readworthy piece in the hurriyet , comparing the northern ireland process and turkish kurdistan ( `` what 's wrong with the northern irish and kurdish cases ? 
  '' ) : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/whats-wrong-with-the-northern-irish-and-kurdish-cases.aspx?pageid=449&amp;nid=88708&amp;newscatid=466, 
   people tend to assimilate & integrate faster and better , when they also get treated better . 
  what does this consideration tell us about possible improvements in the policy for creation and development of a kurdish-turkish identity ? 
  i find those hypocrites tiring who pretend to oppose the erdogan regime but whenever the moment to make a stand do in effect support it . 
  of course the boycott and the weakening economy weaken the erdogan regime . 
  this mechanism works with every regime in the world , and the reputation of the erdogan regime is even particularily built on being alleged economic growth wizards , allegedly making turkey the economic superpower of the entire world by 2023 . 
  busting that bubble busts erdogan . 
  with all due respect , you have no idea how few glimpses of the [ darkness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=covbzhux3aq ) you have seen yet . 
  a unified eu-schengen border force is absolutely imperative in my opinion . 
  for a myriad of reasons , not least to gain factual ability to act on border security and no longer be at the whim of megalomanic-narcissistic regressive autocrats like mr erdogan . 
  you do not really believe that erdogan 's regressive sultanist agenda would `` stop '' or pause after a change of the constitution , do you ? 
  autocratism and sectarianism erdogan-style have bad results not only for the polity in general , but also for the economy in particular . 
  [ bad loans , bankruptcies sound the alarm for turkey 's economy ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/bad-loans-bankruptcies-sound-the-alarm-for-turkeys-economy.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=98714&amp;newscatid=344 ) reports the hurriyet today . 
  not least our european consumer and tourist boycott makes a fine contribution to eventually bring erdogan down . 
  is this the speech by hdp deputy ferhat enc\u00fc on april 27th , after which the fighting in the parliament broke out ? 
  there are quite some news reports on what he actually said and what happened . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/fist-fight-erupts-in-turkish-parliament-between-akp-hdp-deputies-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=98454 http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/cries-murderer-ring-out-fresh-first-fights-rock-turkish-parliament-1361800232 http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/turkey/28042016 whatever his actual words , it is fun to watch how people in the audience have to listen to that perspective which they want to annihilate , not listen to . 
  however , the political aim must be to sustainably reconcile the reality/concept of modern turkish society ( as greatly elaborated by atat\u00fcrk ) and the reality/concept of a modern kurdish society ( as elaborated by the kck ) within the framework of the modern republic of turkey . 
  good is what contributes to the realisation that aim . 
  confusing headline . 
  for good reliability/security reasons , the idea of `` eu energy cooperation with north africa '' is dead . 
  all we can do for us is use north africa as one source among others for importing fossil fuels , provided that we always have alternatives available . 
  so what is basically left is investors ( may be european ) making a profit by investing in the internal energy generation/distribution market within north african countries . 
  the kck is not hostile to education , their modernising concept puts central emphasis on education , all revolves around education . 
  you can watch their ideas implemented freely in rojava . 
  or you can just look at how much reading and learning is valued even among pkk guerillas in the mountains . 
  their ideas are at odds with the turkish educational system . 
  from a kck perspective , this system furthers a life of oppression in two dimensions : it does not help with emancipation from traditional tribal/feudal kurdish society , and it adds a layer of ethnic based oppression for being kurdish . 
  i would prefer to study in an atat\u00fcrk school over an \u00d6calan school . 
  but i suggest that the kck educational concept makes much sense for people in the process of emancipation from traditional tribal/feudal kurdish society , and to have full effect it must be in kurdish language . 
  so there definitely is an issue to reconcile . 
  ideally it would give children the benefit of the best of both systems . 
  but simply portraying it as the turkish state being pro education and kck being contra education definitely does not do justice to the facts , and does not help with a solution . 
  actually atat\u00fcrk , like all great leaders of progressive revolutions and modernisations in human history , being one of the greatest of them , * did * close and ban schools and education which was in contradiction to his vision . 
  just google all those islamist websites whining about it . 
  of course he did it , wise as he was , because education is a key to long-term success of any revolution . 
  the special thing today is that the concept/reality of turkish society and the concept/reality of kurdish society are much overlapping . 
  that produces the strange situation that in turkey , the `` kurdish '' modernising revolution is in conflict with the education system of the previous `` turkish '' modernising revolution . 
  an additional feature of the current situation is the void of political leaders who would rise to the historic challenge to reconcile . 
  best we have is kilicdaroglu and demirtas , so they must do it . 
  but the denial that is so rife with turkish flair users here is not helpful . 
  pretty much all progressive revolutions and modernizations in human history came with a lot of human suffering , blood and dead bodies . 
  the kck is well below median cost level in this respect . 
  definitely below the cost level of the progressive revolution and modernisation of turkish society by mustafa kemal pasha , which i deeply admire . 
  oh , i can work in very diverse settings . 
  some weeks ago i happened to argue some issues concerning modernization of turkey in a setting with some very nationalistic turkish people , and i so empathically appealed to their duty before their turk ancestors that one staunch mhp/buzkurt ultra-nationalist told me he hardly ever felt so touched . 
  i had indeed become somewhat impatient and got very intense . 
   improving ethnic minority rights and human rights and freedom of expressions , etc. 
  are the things which our country should work on immediately . 
  great that we basically agree in substance . 
  you also appear to share the view that people like hatun s\u00fcr\u00fcc\u00fc should be able to be the author of their own life . 
  should anyone try to defame you as `` terrorist sympathizer '' for that , please feel invited to call me to your defence any time . 
  you can be sure that everybody in europe would rather welcome `` pkk kurds '' than islamist kurds . 
  the one thing we do not want in europe is people like the s\u00fcr\u00fcc\u00fc family . 
  however , it can not be the plan that turkey denies civilized world level autochthonous ethnic minority rights , does not implement the european charter of local self-government which it is under an obligation to implement as a member state of the council of europe , and the people it violates that way move to europe under a political asylum scheme . 
  no , my friend , you will have to accept that brute 19th/20th century assimilation policies towards autochthonous ethnic minorities have no future for turkey . 
  it is time now to arrive in the 21st century in this respect . 
   how does visa-free travel help asylum seekers ?
