  german muslims start to perform an intra-islamic debate . 
  policy and educational system undertake the active promotion of a culture of inclusion . 
  publications from ahmad mansour : http://ahmad-mansour.com/veroeffentlichungen/ ( english ) http://ahmad-mansour.com/de/veroeffentlichungen/ ( german ), 
  one of the good features of the open society is that it is robust enough to survive , grow and progress in the face of both its enemies and ignorants who enable its enemies . 
  the only thing that is needed is some vigilance by good people . 
  i will be happy and proud to keep such vigil with respect to people like you . 
  the brand is owned by arabs for christ 's sake . 
  if you consider arab supremacism , islamism and nazism to some kind of opposites , you definitely have to study the history of the * muslim brotherhood * organisation and ideology . 
  actually nazism , arab supremacism and islamism are very close to each other ideologically , and the * muslim brotherhood * organisation was and is even an ongoing attempt to fuse them into one single ideology . 
  but glad to say , the good people of egypt are ever more getting away from such * muslim brotherhood * and `` islamic headscarf '' bullshit right as we speak . 
   again , thor steinar cloths is not a symbol of nazism . 
  it is part of the culture of many places to wear them . 
  football hooligans wear them . 
  mainstream young people in many towns in eastern germany wear them . 
  it might even be a fashion choice . 
  so unless you 're a mind reader , you have no fucking way of finding out what the motivations of the person in thor steinar cloths are . 
  to automatically assume that they are supporting nazism is bigotry , since it entails the presumption of guilt on the basis of looks . 
  ftfy  in your mind , a person wearing a headscarf is guilty before proven innocent , not the other way round . 
  i did nor say that i consider such a person `` guilty '' in any way . 
  i say that i perceive her wearing garments that are commonly used to express identification with and promotion for the totalitarian political ideology of islamism . 
  just like i would perceive a person with thor steinar cloths wearing garments that are commonly used to express identification with and promotion for the totalitarian political ideology of nazism . 
  if you do not want to be perceived as identifiying with and promoting a totalitarian political ideology , do not wear the garments that are commonly used for exactly that purpose . 
  i enjoy your ridiculous self-righteousness and your delusions very much . 
  an islamic headscarf more than anything else is an instrument and symbol of expressing identification with the islamist ideology of submission of public life under totalitarian sharia . 
  of course anyone can wear it ( and anyone can take it off ) , just like anyone can wear nazi garments ( and take them off ) . 
  you would not call somebody a `` bigot '' for suggesting that he perceives a person in nazi garments to promote nazi ideology in public , would you ? 
  you obviously are still very young . 
  here is a work by jemenite photographer bushra almutawakel that you might find helpful in learning about the world . 
  when a guy wearing nazi symbols would be confronted and harassed by punks in public , i would feel about the same as when i see a person with islamist symbols confronted and harassed by xenophobes . 
  clearer for you now ? 
   but it 's the silence from everyone else which is damning , because that speaks of a tolerance of violence and degradation if a woman is visibly muslim . 
  in all sincerety and honesty : i am used to stand up for people who are bullied and harassed in public . 
  i would without hesitation do so for a muslim woman . 
  however , if the woman wears an '' \u00cdslamic headscarf '' , i would hesitate , because i consider that a symbol of a totalitarian political ideology which i despise as much as i despise public bullying and harassment of people . 
  from my personal point of view , this sounds like a story about a confrontation of people with opposing but both disgusting anti-open-society attitudes . 
   so the political rally that was bombed had both ethnic turks and kurds ? 
  yes . 
  and as it was in ankara , it was probably majority ethnic turk . 
  the rally had a rather liberal-leftist agenda , so that kind of people attended . 
   kurds are majoritarily left wing right ? 
  no , not really . 
  actually kurdish society is still quite conservative , and even tribal features still exist . 
  however , their only political avantgarde , the progressive kurdish movement , has a decisively liberal-leftist mindset and is allied with liberal-leftist streaks of turkish mainstream society . 
   what about these tribal kurdish leaders ? 
  they are not so relevant any more even within kurdish society . 
  and in any case they and everybody are aware that the progressive kurdish movement is the only effective force for kurdish interests . 
   arent they kurdish nationalists too ? 
  definitely , but the substantive answer depends on what you mean by nationalists . 
  if you mean people who seek an independent kurdish state and anything else just as battles on the way to that aim , this kind of people are to be found scattered in almost all quarters of kurdish society , particularily urban youth in the southeast , but they do not drive the agenda for now . 
  at times the the progressive kurdish movement had a pretty nationalistic element as well , but not these days . 
  many observers suggest that nationalists might win over the kurdish agenda if no solution for the kurdish issue is found in the forseeable future . 
  the victims of the ankara bomb massacre were not particularily ethnic kurd . 
  by the way , neither were the victims of the suruc bomb massacre . 
  this is not just about ethnicity . 
  the haters hate secular , progressive people . 
  and they do like retarded , tribalist kurds : i will never forget how erdogan-mouthpiece * dailiy sabah * some weeks ago celebrated that a bunch of `` kurdish tribal leaders '' said something that erdogan did like . 
  erdogan 's infamous campaign rallies with a quran in his hand were in heavily kurdish towns , too . 
  i know a woman from konya here in berlin , she is the first woman ever in her family who put down the hijab , still , she is the only person i have an ongoing personal relationship with who voted akp in june . 
  i have finally convinced her not to do so again ( `` have you seen the pictures from ankara ? 
  have you seen them ? 
  do you want to see body parts of dead people for four more years ? 
  '' ) , so i can with somewhat mixed feelings say that she chose the mhp this time . 
   atat\u00fcrk 's mistake was trying to go democratic and secular too fast . 
  i do not think that was a mistake . 
  he was successful against all odds and beyond belief right because he pursued the aim of modernisation so vigorously . 
  it is the mistake of all contemporary proclaimed reformers in the middle east that they shy away from such vigor and compromise too much with tradition and/or so called `` moderate islamists '' , and in the end sink in the swamp . 
  atat\u00fcrk knew better . 
  the problem about konya is not that it is `` closer you get to eastern turkey '' , there are many decent places and people even more to the east than konya . 
  no , konya itself is something special . 
  it has always been a hell-hole of hateful , supremacist , ottoman islamist ideology . 
  it is no coincidence that konya is * the * stronghold of the clepto-islamist akp party and the hometown of ahmet davutoglu . 
  let 's face the facts : most of the population of konya simply appreciates the murder , massacre and death of secular human beings . 
  here is a good video about the konya stadium hate event ( in german ) : https://www.facebook.com/kayacahit/videos/vb.1457497291146887/1684120271817920/, 
   contrary to your approach people will hold government responsible for the security weakness . 
  this is not `` my '' approach , but mr. erdogan 's approach . 
  and i hope and i am somewhat confident that you are right and he will fail . 
   might as well add that article as a signature , you are basically adding it to your every comment . 
  indeed , this article `` erdogan 's deadly ambitions '' writes brilliantly to the point the reason why i created a reddit account three months ago . 
  erdogan hopes that if everything feels like chaos , people will seek `` the strong man '' . 
  he constantly tells us that there would be no chaos if akp ( and their agenda of making erdogan sultan ) had won a huge , or at least absolute , majority in the june elections . 
   i bet they will announce this was done by isis . 
  in july there was the suruc bombing , with 33 dead , against liberal-leftist turkish citizens , who assembled to help with the reconstruction of kobane ; the akp government accused isis , but isis always proudly claims responsibility for its terror attacks , and it did not claim responsibility for suruc . 
  concerning this ankara bombing , my money is on erdogan and the mit secret service again . 
  it might be that the move probably is not smart . 
  but you simply have to consider that mr. erdogan and the mit have pursued an ever increasing policy of brute violence against dissent and obviously are of the opinion that this is their only option left to keep the clepto-islamist regime in power . 
  this brilliant article `` erdogan 's deadly ambitions '' from * foreign policy * gives a learned , well-informed and very accurate picture : http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/09/21/erdogans-deadly-ambitions-turkey-elections-president/, 
   it 's changed in europe , i 'll put money on that . 
  how much ? 
  the amount of the us federal government budget deficit or the amount of the us economy current account deficit ? 
  you choose . 
   even most of kurdish refugees from kobane not willing to go back , even though ypg asked them countless time and turkey allowed them to go back . 
  remember that sensational aylan kurdi news ? 
  she was from kobane . 
  funny you mention this . 
  there is a readworthy recent article `` aid not reaching kobane , despite outrage over alan kurdi 's death '' on * middle east eye * in the issue :  turkey is happy to see refugees leave their territory , so the border gates are open twice a week to let the thousands who fled kobane return . 
  but no aid workers are allowed to cross , nor any equipment for re-building the town . 
  ( ... )  kobane has been offered help from foreign mine-clearing non-governmental organisations . 
  handicap international holds mine-awareness classes in the town to explain to people how to spot signs of danger . 
  it also trains syrian kurdish de-miners but turkey denies permission for the organisation to import their specialist equipment to defuse unexploded bombs . 
  ( ... )  `` many villages are still empty .
