   unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  karl popper , the open society and its enemies, 
  brilliant , excellent article . 
  europe must and will find its inner churchill in the face of the islamist challenge . 
   to protect our free societies , we must outlaw any interference from unfree societies in our educational and religious systems . 
  the annual ranking of freedom house , which categorizes countries as either free , partly free or unfree , can serve as our yardstick for new legislation . 
  only `` free '' should be good enough from now on . 
   this also means we can no longer dismiss extremist indoctrination in our southern neighborhood as the domestic affairs of foreign countries beyond the reach of our diplomacy , particularly not if those countries receive untold billions of our generous aid . 
  ( ... )  unless we find our inner churchill and understand that this must become europe 's ` finest hour , ' the state of emergency risks becoming a permanent feature of daily life at the heart of the continent . 
  the international community has finally with respect to syria reached the sincere consensus that everyone who seeks to establish totalitarian sharia rule , every militant islamist , is to be considered a jihadist and thus an enemy of humanity . 
  and this includes islamist turkmen groups like the `` sultan murad brigade '' , one of the most ugly incarnations of mr. erdogans clepto-islamist neo-ottoman agenda . 
  you might not consider these people `` jihadists '' , but i am glad to say that the international community now disagrees with you . 
  as we speak , news comes in that the russian air force is heavily bombing azaz at the edge of the turkish border , the headquarters and most important supply line of most turkey-supported islamists . 
  inhabitants of the town report panic among the diverse jihadi groups , like al-qaeda 's al-nusra or the islamofascist ahrar al-sham . 
  https://twitter.com/mmagreen/status/669519616482250753 we can by now say with much confidence that the only opposition in syria that will survive this civil war and be part of a political solution post-assad is the secular , pro-modernity , democratic , progressive opposition around the syrian democratic forces ( with the progressive kurdish movement at its heart ) . 
  i have watched the syrian civil war for years now , dealt with german policy towards it and its consequences in professional and political life , and accompanied it at reddit for the last couple of months . 
  i am so happy about this now assured utter and total defeat of the agents of the totalitarian political ideology of islamism , and the humiliation of their sponsors ( qatar , saudi arabia and erdogan-turkey ) , that i could cry tears of joy . 
  anyway , if anyone here wants to follow the syrian civil war , i strongly recommend / r/syriancivilwar as an excellent expert subreddit . 
  never mind `` post-modernity '' , in my impression it is simple modernity which struggles to gain a life and blossom in the middle east , and which the bitter wannabe-caliph in the ak saray always sought to sabotage in turkey and beyond . 
  but it becomes more evident by the day that his retarded anti-enlightenment clepto-islamist agenda will fail . 
  this is my concluding message to mr. erdogan and his equally or even more disgusting followers and apologists : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo25efqvr3o, 
  this article is , in my humble opinion , excellent written to the point . 
  as a personal note , i appreciate the sober new course of western policy towards syria , focused on the foundation of civilized society and washing down the totalitarian political ideology of islamism and its agendas in the toilet of history . 
  and i have to admit that i enjoy a significant amount of satisfaction from watching the epic failure of wannabe-caliph erdogan . 
  i am confident that his humiliation will eventually mark his downfall and a new , sincere , secular and clean era for the republic of turkey . 
  history books say that of those `` 40k deaths '' , 30k were killed by turkish state security forces and death squadrons . 
  however , attacking civilians is one of the methods once employed by the pkk which i do not condone , and i appreciate that they pretty much ended that many years ago . 
  anyway , to keep with our comparison , the akp and milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs are `` responsible for 300k deaths '' in syria alone . 
  and that even for the disgusting ( and , glad to say , failing ) cause to establish archaic totalitarian islamist sharia rule in syria . 
   still they should have captured the pilots instead of shooting them . 
  yes , that is what article 42 of the first additional protocol ( 1977 ) to the geneva convention ( 1949 ) had expected from them . 
  and i find it pretty frightening that you seek to somehow excuse their disgusting behavior by deliberating `` they 're already fighting . 
  turkmens had all the right to be hostile to russian soldiers '' . 
  https://www.icrc.org/applic/ihl/ihl.nsf/article.xsp?action=opendocument&amp;documentid=0e0bf3b27e4f4e8ec12563cd0051db78 but they were still lucky , erdogan 's isis friends do even worse to downed pilots ( link nsfw ) : http://shoebat.com/2015/02/03/watch-horrific-video-isis-burning-pow-jordanian-pilot/ hopefully nobody will tell that islamist barbarian turkmen `` sultan murad brigade '' that they will still have turkish support under the akp government after doing the tougher stuff . 
  it might me more to gain for you from asking yourself the question why you perceive my perspective and position that way . 
  anyway , i find the the ideology of secular , progressive pkk clearly preferable to the ideology of islamist , retarded akp and milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs which currently ( i say it with disgust ) are elected to govern the once proudly secular , modernist republic of turkey of mustafa kemal pasha . 
  and while i do not condone some of the methods the pkk makes use of , the agents of akp and milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs do worse . 
   / r/europe and reddit in general are pro peshmerga an organisation that hates pkk . 
  well , as far as i can see most support for kurdish issues on reddit ( myself included ) is for the progressive kurdish movement . 
  i would assume that the kurdish organisation with most sympathies would be the * gorran * party in iraq , or the * hdp * in turkey . 
  my guess would be that most redditors would subscribe to the perspectives and positions of the excellent carnegie paper `` kurdistan 's politicized society confronts a sultanistic system '' : http://carnegie-mec.org/2015/08/17/kurdistan-s-politicized-society-confronts-sultanistic-system/ieta it is not true that there were no sympathies on reddit for the radical progressive kck network ( which includes pyd party and ypg fighting forces in syria , pkk party and hpg and ydg-h fighting forces in turkey ) . 
  actually there was a recent very much upvoted submission in this subreddit , that made it into the all-time top 20 , with the topic of sympathy with kck-related parties against turkish assaults . 
   what do you think of the pkk i think that the republic of turkey should actively and creatively co-opt an all secular turkish-kurdish identity . 
  it would be the best for all its citizens , make turkey a strong power in the region , and end the reason for a pkk to be . 
  here are two good reads on the state of affairs in turkish-kurdish relations : http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2015/09/turkey-revival-of-lynching-culture-against-kurds.html http://murmur.dk/articles/the-enemy-of-my-friend-is-my-friend.412.html, 
   religious people all this has nothing to do with religion as a personal concept . 
  it is about political ideologies , and nothing else . 
  no relation to personal religion whatsoever . 
  in concrete , it is about the totalitarian political ideology of islamism , and it has nothing , absolutely nothing to do with personal religious beliefs of people with a muslim background . 
   the threat of islamism which is n't nearly the issue you make it out to be the totalitarian political ideology of islamism is the primary enemy and challenge humanity must overcome in our time , just like the totalitarian political ideolog\u00edes of fascism and leninism were in the last century . 
  in the 1930s , there were quite a lot of people in the usa who fantasized about `` moderate nazis '' to support , just like people like you who fantasize about `` moderate islamists '' today . 
  totalitarian political ideologies are never moderate , they always pull to the ultimate . 
  i am glad that in the end the delusional `` moderate nazi '' narrative was overcome , just like today the delusional `` moderate islamist '' narrative is in terminal decline . 
  the `` people i do not like '' , the islamists , are the ultimate and mortal antagonist and enemy to our values of enlightenment and humanism , to individual liberty , emancipation and freedom , to progress and the open society . 
  associating with these people and nurturing them is both the worst moral crime and the worst political mistake at the same time . 
  as your flair shall suggest that you are a us citizen , i am glad to tell you that your government is more and more concluding that only the secular , non-islamist opposition in syria ( most notably the syrian democratoc forces , centered around the secular , progressive kurdish movement ) deserve support . 
  sorry for you , islamists are about to be washed down in the toilet of history . 
  and to directly answer your question : of course i would prefer assad 's brutal secular dictatorship to the naked barbarism of islamists for syria any day . 
  any decent human being should . 
  but we are lucky , there are secular alternatives and a negotiated secular , liberty-based new beginning for syria emerging . 
  if erdogan 's turkey would learn `` a little respect '' for syrian sovereignty and stop supporting all sorts of islamist barbarians there ( al-qaeda 's al-nusra , islamofascist ahrar al-sham , islamist turkmen groups , isis , you name it ) the world would be much better off . 
  it is a shame that we europeans and humanity as a whole have to rely on russia to teach erdogan his place , as the usa obviously are too much of a coward to do it . 
  ( edit : typo ), 
  the islamist , sultanist , anti-modernity , anti-liberal-order agenda of the akp-erdogan-government of turkey is both a major strategic sabotage and a shame for nato . 
  here is some stuff that anybody should know about the undeniable close links between the turkish government and isis ( first three links are comprehensive september 2014 lists of links to media reports , last two links are articles from july 2015 in the wake of the abu sayyaf raid ) . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/david-l-phillips/research-paper-isis-turke_b_6128950.html http://www.danielpipes.org/14486/turkey-isis http://www.danielpipes.org/blog/2014/06/more-on-turkish-support-for-isis http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/26/isis-syria-turkey-us http://www.businessinsider.com/links-between-turkey-and-isis-are-now-undeniable-2015-7, 
  the islamist turkmen militias in syria , which are one element in mr. erdogan 's failing agenda to make syria an islamist sultanate , have one of the worst records in the low-record competition of all the islamist militias in syria that turkey , qatar and saudi arabia have so disingenuously and disgustingly established and nourish . 
   erdogan 's islamist credentials . 
  he 's just a politician with illusions of grandeur and a severe case of megalomania . 
  from a psychological point of view , erdogan 's issue is narcissism and megalomania , i agree . 
  but he uses islamist incitement as a tool to that end . 
  and this is a major dark problem for the future of turkey , the future of the middle east , and for all of us . 
   turkey messed this up badly i fully agree . 
  but the interests of the republic of turkey and its citizens are irrelevant to mr. erdogan . 
  still , people there in majority vote for him , so it is fair if they suffer the consequences with him . 
  the secular , progressive kurdish fighting forces of ypg ( pyd-affiliated ) in syria , hpg ( pkk-affiliated ) in turkey and in iraq are pretty much the only forces in those civil wars with a clean record in this respect . 
  there is no single report of those effective and disciplined forces giving or losing any weapons to islamists . 
  the smartest answer from russia would be to just keep focus on crushing mr. erdogan 's islamist proxies in syria , as they have been doing with such refreshing vigor for some time now . 
  and send some anti-aircraft-manpads to pkk , whose hpg and ydg-h guerillas fight for secular kurdish life in turkey . 
  there have been worries for a long time that militant islamists might somehow find a path to start a third world war . 
  however , only few had predicted that among all those emirs of jihad , it would be dirty and perfidious recep tayyip erdogan who would be the one who tries hardest . 
  but with his islamist proxies in syria failing and humiliated , the dirty man in the ak saray appears to drop the mask now . 
  once i was in london during one of the peaks of ira terrorist activity . 
  i was deeply impressed by the cool of londoners in dealing with the situation . 
  we all can learn from them how to fight terrorism , with cool instead of panic . 
  * translation of the submission `` of the loneliness of enlightened muslims '' by zafer senocak * ** of the loneliness of enlightened muslims ** how to describe great loneliness ? 
  greater than the one which occurs when one has been abandoned by a loved one . 
  unlike the loneliness to which the poetries care . 
  a loneliness that no longer will be outweighed by the world in which we live , can no longer be mitigated by what you believe , by promise and hope . 
  it is about the loneliness of those who come from the muslim peoples and cultures and grew up in enlightened families who are religious or not , but always knew one thing , that they belong to the large global family of the enlightened . 
  they want to live in a secular and open society , in turkey as well as in egypt , in syria as well as in iran . 
  these enlightened mostly formed the middle class in their countries . 
  they had a happy childhood . 
  half a century has it been since . 
  on the bosphorus , there was this happy childhood , and also in tehran . 
  the happy childhood of bastards . 
  where did the bastards belong to ? 
  they listened to the beatles and more and more often overheard the muezzin . 
  where would they be at home when the world was open to them ?
