  if you find the time later today , you should definitely re-read my comment and consider my argument . 
  if and only if criticism of israel , which i then call `` criticism of israel '' , is made with the anti-modernisation agenda that palestinian idea and reality of society must overcome israel 's idea and reality of society , such `` criticism of israel '' assumes an agenda of overcoming the values of enlightenment and humanism in the middle east , and it is hypocrite for such agenda to criticise israel under the pretext of the values of enlightenment and humanism . 
  by the way , the [ palestinian media watch ] ( http://palwatch.org/ ) project i linked is not `` right wing '' in any sense . 
  what is right wing , anti-enlightenment , anti-humanism , anti-open-society , racist , anti-peace , is the stuff ( usually hidden by language barriers ) which this great project pulls into the bright light of international public awareness . 
  just recently for example , the swedish parliament resolved on the issue with main reasoning mainly based on evidence from this well reputed palestinian media watch project . 
  the argument you present here is the last resort of `` critics of israel '' . 
  it sounds reasonable when considered in isolation . 
  however , once you just compare the vibrant open society of israel with the narrow-minded hate-obsessed reality of [ palestinian society ] ( http://palwatch.org/ ) , and use the argument you present to support an agenda of the latter overcoming israel , that argument gets embarrassingly naked as the pretext for antisemitism it is . 
   desperately trying to leave the country . 
  living with tayyip since 2002 ... 
  i did try everything ; attended protests , fought for gezi park , guarded the election places till morning ( because it was fucking necessary to stay with ballots in order to prevent tayyip 's cheating ) , wrote articles about human rights in turkey , tried to prevent tayyip regime by educating my close environment when it was early 2000s ... 
  i fucking did try everything . 
  i ca n't do any better as a single humanbeing . 
  i really think this is the lowest turkey of all time . 
  there is no other possibility for me other than leaving my country ( which is hard ) in order to live like human . 
  sorry turkey , sorry friends , sorry family ... sorry atat\u00fcrk ... my favorite comment on reddit ever . 
  you appear to be a great person / u/prior1907 , and atat\u00fcrk can be more than proud of you . 
  come take a rest in germany . 
  this submission of an excellent , important , fair and balanced article receives quite a lot of downvotes . 
  regrettably , the antisemitism issue of the uk labour party appears to be met by an antisemitism issue in the audience of / r/europe . 
  appears the man who did the suicide bombing is identified as some isis member sava\u015f y\u0131ld\u0131z , related to the isis bombers who killed 100 people in a bombing on a peace rally in ankara last october . 
   the isis-linked sava\u015f y\u0131ld\u0131z may have been the suicide bomber ; he was linked to the incident by body parts found on the scene , local media reported . 
  turkish security units were on high alert for y\u0131ld\u0131z in october after authorities in the country came to believe he and three other isis terrorists had entered the country to carry out attacks . 
  there are plenty pkk units fighting isis in iraq . 
  they are not welcome with the turkey-allied kdp-peshmerga at the mosul front , but operate with puk-peshmerga in the south or with cross-border support from the ypg in the west . 
  the relief and rescue of tens of thousands of ezidi ( and christians ) was in the latter theater . 
  on the pictures from mount sinjar then , you can see that some of the rescuers had ypg insignia on their uniforms ( had come to support from syria ) , others had pkk insignia . 
  here are four of the many documentaries on plain pkk fighting isis in iraq : [ one , general france24 documentary on pkk fighting isis in iraq ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eepu_1aq5g ) [ two , focused on female pkk fighters on all fronts against isis in iraq ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bexzlhedck8 ) [ three , focused on pkk fighters and an u.s. volunteer at sinjar front ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stns2ybfbka ) [ four , focused on the concrete pkk rescue operation of ezidis and christians in sinjar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjs65cwqfsq ), 
   i voted for hdp ( along with many other turks ) so that they would n't drop below the thereshold thus enable erdogan to pass his political abomination called `` turkish-style presidential system . '', 
  sure . 
  and if the current government of turkey would publicly accept that there is a huge difference between understanding the plight of the kurds and terrorism , half the walk to a solution for the kurdish issue and peace would have been walked . 
  and [ chris stephenson ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/16/british-academic-deported-over-kurdish-new-year-invitations ) could return to his family and his job . 
   the state broadcasts 24/7 kurdish language tv with taxpayers ' money just out of curiosity , a question , as i do not speak/understand kurdish : is my guess correct that this tv channel is mainly occupied with celebrating recep tayyip erdogan as the greatest man alive ? 
  sure goals are important . 
  if i would occupy another dude 's house , not allow him any say on how things are done in his household , force on his children an education my way , and he tries to kill me to get rid of me , i would find that quite legit ( pkk case ) . 
  however , if another dude would hang a sign in our street that everybody living in the street has to adhere to the rules of his religion or be killed , i would not find that legit ( al-qaeda/isis case ) . 
  we berliners see kurdish rallies with pictures of \u00d6calan here at berlin alexanderplatz all the time . 
  the permission usually demands only one \u00d6calan picture per every 50 participants , and no pkk logos . 
  for whatever reason the \u00d6calan pictures may not be in the colors blue and yellow . 
  this stuff is like a ritual , it is fun discussing it with both participants and the police . 
  there are fundamental differences between al-qaeda/isis and the pkk . 
  the most important one is not even the methods , where the pkk has since the beginning of this millenium a policy of grosso modo not attacking civilians . 
  the most important one is about the political agendas . 
  al-qaeda/isis , like all jihadis , attack the universal values of enlightenment and humanism and the universal concept of the open society . 
  the pkk , on the other hand , opposes the policy in turkey of violently oppressing kurds and rejecting autochthonous ethnic minority rights and local self-government ( even beyond the own borders ! ), 
  for the sake of ultra-nationalism and ultra-centralism . 
  do i understand you properly , you claim that the armed forces of the republic of turkey are on the same level as this extremist `` tak '' organisation that did these terror attacks in ankara ? 
  an unusual , courageous claim . 
  are you aware of the political , legal and moral corollaries of your claim ? 
   we just recently pledged billions of euros for the region too little , too late . 
  only after the merkel government has been publicly bashed for it for months . 
  and focused on the wrong target , namely the already well financed camps in turkey , not the struggling camps in jordan and lebanon . 
   it 's the rest of europe and the world that deserves the blame here , not germany . 
  i do not `` blame germany '' , i blame the current federal government led by angela merkel . 
  i blame it for chaos and confusion in policy priorities as well as chaos and confusion in policy implementation . 
  serious question : are you unable or unwilling to have a sincere discussion instead of strawman-bashing ? 
  ( 1 ) i argue that a significant minority ( ! ), 
  of german sitizens wants `` open borders '' for anyone who wants to migrate to and settle in germany , and in the course of this agenda actively try to blur the distinction between refugees and non-refugees . 
  you actually do not challenge this fact , but you just into the blue set out to distort my argument . 
  ( 2 ) i argue that a majority of germans would give prefererence to supporting refugees in their region of origin , and only would see temporary shelter in germany for refugees from distant regions as a last resort , which they would then be willing to offer . 
  you avoid this argument , do not challenge anything i say in substance , but once again just into the blue set out to distort my argument . 
    ms merkel 's government made radical cuts to grants for refugee camps in jordan and lebanon ,  source for that ? 
  as for the situation in the regional camps , to which the german people would want to give priority , but ms merkel 's government did not , see [ this article ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/politik/syrien-fluechtlinge-was-merkel-uebersehen-hat-1.2662655 ) . 
  german grants to unhcr/wfp for these camps were always unsufficient to meet needs ( but would have been much cheaper when compared to housing the people concerned in germany ) , and part of german contributions from 2014 were discontinued in 2015 . 
  i will give you the exact numbers when office time starts monday morning . 
  hmm ... did you actually read my comment ? 
  it was about `` irregular migrants who are finally investigated not to be refugees under the law '' . 
  not syrians , but maroccans , algerians , tunesians , mauretanians , senegalese , gambians , egyptians , jordanians , lebanese , sudanese , people from regions of iraq that were never touched by the civil war , albanians , kosovo-albanians , for a start . 
  indeed , failure to apply effective pressure on the bundesl\u00e4nder to actually comprehensively deport irregular migrants who are finally investigated not to be refugees under the law is another failure of the merkel government . 
  ehm , the fact that millions of people in the middle east and north africa literally sold everything they had to pay for a one-way journey to germany is a major problem for us germans , in several respects . 
  and our merkel government could have avoided this problem , if it had ( a ) not cut the aid for refugee camps in the region , and ( b ) made clear to the public in the countries of origin , after the misinterpretation of merkel communication became obvious , that any irregular migrant who is not legally a refugee will simply be deported back . 
   according to polls , people coming here without real reason should not be allowed to come here there is a considerable minority of germans who want `` open borders '' so that anyone who wishes to immigrate to germany may come , who would not want to make a difference between refugees and non-refugees , so they had the glorious idea to simply call all irregular migrants `` refugees '' . 
  there is another minority who would want no legal immigration at all , scrap the right of political asylum and leave the convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  it is wrong to suggest that `` we as a society '' would have a single opinion on these issues . 
  and the merkel government pandered and panders to all of the fringe views . 
  the majority of germans want to help refugees , primarily in their region of origin , and if that is impossible then to give them as a selected group temporary shelter here . 
  on immigration , the majority of germans want a canada-style immigration law that focuses on our citizens ' interest in immigration , with a yearly quota and a transparent publicly discussed point system for selection . 
  the merkel government pathetically failed to implement any of these as a policy . 
  for example , right before the wave started , ms merkel 's government made radical cuts to grants for refugee camps in jordan and lebanon , so that these even struggled to provide food . 
  my dear friend , please do n't force consumeristic and liberal together as if it were a given . 
  an individual in a liberal open society can choose his/her own path , and that path may - surprisingly !, 
  - be a reflection of any possible landscape of individual values ( and as part of this , any shade of consumeristic/non-consumeristic ) . 
   maybe fascists getting to government is a good thing . 
  ( . . ) people will ( ... ) vote someone else next time . 
  the problem is once fascists are in government , the probability that there will be meaningful elections held in the future dramatically decreases . 
  it is rather `` anti-authoritarian-rule '' people who erdogan considers `` terrorist '' . 
  of course the progressive kurdish movement ( encompassing inter alia the hdp party represented in parliament , the illegal pkk organisation , various militant groups associated with the latter ) with its agenda of local self-government is top `` terrorist '' . 
  but other elements of kurdish society , like anachronistic semi-feudal tribal dignitaries and their bonded thugs ( `` village guards '' ) , or hardcore islamist kurds like the fringe h\u00fcda par party , suit the erdogan agenda well and have maximum sympathy from erdogan . 
   we have always made it very clear that we do not welcome people from countries that have no realistic chance of being granted asylum . 
  no , `` we '' have not made this clear in the perception of the receivers of `` our '' communication , and this is at the center of the problem . 
  in particular after zillions of statements from the merkel government that the irregular migrants , a small number of which were refugees , would be an economic blessing for germany , would magically solve all workforce challenges , all demographic challenges , the public perception in the arab world was that germany wants everybody , makes no difference between refugees and non-refugees . 
  by the way , what do you mean by `` we '' ? 
  are you working in a press office of ms merkel 's federal government ? 
   what is this thread ? 
  merkel 's election campaigners running wild ? 
  that would be my guess , too . 
  yes , i did read your post , although the unwarranted arrogance in it made it pretty hard to do so . 
  you obviously are unwilling to read the google results i linked , because you ( for whatever reason ) want to categorically deny any link between ms merkel 's words and deeds and their consequences . 
  consequences that became ever more obvious over the course of more than half a year , easy to correct and mitigate in the beginning , then becoming ever more difficult to correct and mitigate . 
  but ms merkel chose to rather let disaster happen , because she cynically wanted to reap the domestic political benefits of her `` good samaritan '' comedy at the expense of all german citizens , of all european citizens , of all middle east civil war victims .
