  http://www.palwatch.org/ i am also looking forward to buy any product labeled `` from israeli settlements in the west bank '' . 
  in the name not only of solidarity with israel but in the name of peace , to punish `` palestinian '' arab societies for their choice of war over peace after israel 's unilateral withdrawal from the gaza strip in 2005 . 
  i will feel empathy with them from the day they choose to make gaza an arab singapore at the mediterranean , not a base for eternal war against israel ( and no , the blockade was only implemented in 2007 after gazans chose war over peace ) . 
  related issue : `` turkey ` shells kobane ' as kurdish-arab forces advance on strategic town . 
  kurdish-arab syrian democratic forces ( sdf ) are reportedly ` as close as 3km ' to a key islamic state lifeline . '', 
  http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/turkish-military-allegedly-shell-kobane-ypg-and-arabs-advances-strategic-town-1894959234 the progressive kurdish movement , represented in syria by the pyd party and the ypg/j armed forces of the grassroots democratic administration of rojava , the majority kurdish region in the north , is changing the middle east for good . 
  they advance individual and societal progress and emancipation , the values of enlightenment and humanism , the concepts of liberty and the open society , with a vigor and success that exceeds the most optimistic expectations for this dark region of our planet . 
  islamists hate it , and the ruling turkish akp party is an islamist party with an islamist , neo-ottoman agenda . 
  europe should pursue a clear and uncompromising policy of support for the modernisation project of the syrian kurds . 
   israel does the same as the germans did with the kzs ( ... ) israel is not better than nazi germany . 
  and i say that as a german jew . 
  i call disgraceful , pathetic bullshit . 
  and i say that as a german whose ancestors were officers in the wehrmacht and who knows modern israel well . 
  as you apparently do not know much about israel , try this for a read : http://www.timesofisrael.com/boshra-khalaila-telling-israel-like-it-is-in-arabic/, 
   both parties : the israelis and the palestinians are as guilty of the situation that is happening now . 
  i disagree in all aspects . 
  first of all , the term `` guilty '' does not suit a sincere political discussion , in this context it is only polemic . 
  second , the responsibility for human suffering in the conflict is with other actors than israel . 
  israel has sought a viable solution for all concerned from the outset , and has always met rejection and uncompromising desire for its elimination . 
  last major factual step was israel 's unilateral withdrawal from the gaza strip in 2005 , upon which gazans did not seek to make their homeland an arab singapore at the mediterranean , but a base for eternal war against israel ( the blockade came only after that fateful gazans ' choice ) . 
  unless there is a fundamental change of attitude on the arab side , nobody can sincerely demand from israel to sacrifice the security of its citizens and its security as a state with any further withdrawals or other relevant concessions . 
  if you want to study the conflict , this is a good starting point : http://www.palwatch.org/, 
   the politics that have governed israel for most of its existence - which happens to be far-right . 
  utter nonsense . 
  by each and every common measure , israel has been governed in `` leftist '' spirit over its history when compared to its western peers . 
  i have to assume that you consider the sheer concept of jews as a modern nation ( `` zionism '' ) , just like danes , koreans and czechs , to be `` far-right '' . 
  however , there is nothing wrong with zionism , but there is very much wrong with denouncing as `` far-right '' with respect to jews what is considered all normal and regular with any other nation . 
  such double standard is the definition of antisemitism . 
  i agree with all you wrote on substance , i would however like to point out that there do exist `` progressive leftist '' people who are sane , reject the agitation of hatred against israel and are fully aware that the modern state of jewish civilization is a lighthouse of our common values of enlightenment and humanism , of our common concepts of liberty and the open society , for the whole of the middle east . 
  in the late 1920s , an organisation was founded in egypt with the mission to fuse the two totalitarian ideologies of european fascism and local islamism . 
  this organisation exists to this day , and it has built a network across the region . 
  the name of this islamo-fascist organisation is * muslim brotherhood * . 
  here is the charter of its affiliate in the gaza strip , * hamas * , that displays just the same disgusting , primitive eliminatory hatred against jews as the nazis . 
  http://avalon.law.yale.edu/20th_century/hamas.asp no surprise if one considers the * muslim brotherhood * history , ideology and narratives . 
  for more on the * muslim brotherhood * some good links here : https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3kqf19/the_politicalideological_differences_between/cuzx9uu, 
  for what motives ever you might hate or wish to deny it , mr. netanjahu and his government , too , represent the state that is a lighthouse of our common values of enlightenment and humanism , of our common concepts of liberty and the open society , for the whole of the middle east . 
  for colorful illustration of our subject matter , here is a video of the 2015 gay pride parade in tel aviv . 
  there is still a long way to go and much stone age mentality/society and totalitarian islamist ideology to overcome , until such tolerance for and celebration of individual emancipation and expression , freedom and liberty will be reality in other societies and states of the region . 
  it is good that barbarism and antisemitism of the past is commonly condemned . 
  the task today , however , is to stand in clear and sincere solidarity with the modern state of jewish civilization against those who pursue it with eliminatory hatred against its existence . 
  even more so as israel is a lighthouse of our common values of enlightenment and humanism , of our common concepts of liberty and the open society , for the whole of the middle east . 
   90 % of a population is muslim just out of curiosity , what is your definition of `` being muslim '' behind this claim ? 
  here is a very good article `` invisible atheists . 
  the spread of disbelief in the arab world . '', 
   doing the right things i could not agree more . 
  here is a somewhat comprehensive comment of mine with many links on the * muslim brotherhood * organisation and ideology , which was founded in the late 1920s as a project to fuse the two totalitarian ideologies of european fascism and of islamism . 
  she is married to an islamist , one may assume that she experienced much violence and abuse in her marriage . 
  european politicians have a duty and responsibility to advance our values and interests in foreign policy . 
  with respect to the rise of * arturo ui * in the republic of turkey , they failed and continue to fail in this duty and responsibility . 
  mr. kilicdaroglu is right to point to that fact . 
  you must have a busy life , as you obviously do not have the time to read articles before you comment on them . 
  i agree with mr. kilicdaroglu 100 percent . 
  by the way , there are decent , smart , sincere voices in europe , too . 
  european parliament vice-president graf lambsdorff , for example , advocates to end the accession process with turkey . 
   no alcohol to be allowed in new year gift baskets in turkey life is wonderful , and democracy even more so . 
  everbody can choose the path he wants to walk . 
   unrealiable biased media sources like rudaw in my opinion , the characterisation of * rudaw * as a `` unrealiable biased source '' is rather euphemistic ( and as to my knowledge i pretty much never linked them anywhere ) . 
  * rudaw * is a communications channel for the barzani-kdp-regime in iraqi kurdistan . 
  my opinion of this regime is rather low , as it violates our european values of enlightenment and humanism , the principle of secular open society and the ideal of clean and responsible government in a similiar fashion and about as much as the erdogan-akp-regime in turkey does . 
  there is a brilliant * carnegie * paper `` kurdistan 's politicized society confronts a sultanistic system '' about the barzani-kdp-regime in iraqi kurdistan , absolutely worth a read . 
  http://carnegie-mec.org/2015/08/17/kurdistan-s-politicized-society-confronts-sultanistic-system/ieta  unrealiable biased media sources like zaman i recently made a post concerning * zaman * , you might wish to read it . 
  the english-language website of * zaman * has during the last years been one of the few comprehensive english-language media sources from turkey independent and critical of the government . 
  apparently from today it is out of order . 
  http://www.todayszaman.com/home and yes , i know that * zaman * has links to the * hizmet * movement of mr. g\u00fclen . 
  but they deserve our solidarity nevertheless . 
  solidarity against oppression is necessary to avoid the path into dictatorship . 
  http://gutezitate.com/zitate-bilder/zitat-als-die-nazis-die-kommunisten-holten-habe-ich-geschwiegen-ich-war-ja-kein-kommunist-als-sie-die-martin-niemoller-117104.jpg http://www.votersopinion.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/first-they-came.jpg * edit : * apparently http://www.todayszaman.com/home is up again for now . 
  good luck , guys . 
  european parliament vice-president graf lambsdorff now advocates to end the eu accession process with turkey . 
  there has always been much hypocrisy in european immigration policy : eu politicians seek to appear holy on the issue of poor people who want to immigrate , so to keep things functional the eu clandestinely has always paid dictators beyond our borders to shoot any irregular migrants , so the eu countries can pretend that we are all nice to anyone who actually reaches our borders . 
  however , with the recent surge the absurdity of this hypocritical policy has become so obvious that there is hope for more sincerety in the future . 
  and it would take away much of turkey 's leverage if it would be clear to anyone that europe regularly deports irregular immigrants , so it would not make much sense to try . 
  english translation of submission :  after the election victory of the islamic-conservative akp in ankara , fdp mep [ and ep vice-president ] alexander graf lambsdorff has advocated for an end to the accession negotiations between turkey and the eu . 
  `` this election victory may bring a stable situation in turkey - political conditions are now clear . 
  but this was at a very high price , concerning core values , concerning freedom of expression , concerning other issues , '' graf lambsdorff said on monday in deutschlandradio kultur . 
   against the backdrop of a wave of repression against critical media and online services such as twitter graf lambsdorff said : `` turkey is a candidate country and a candidate country must adhere to a different standard , or you have to make yourself honest and simply say : if the core values are trampled on in such a manner , as has been done here , then this country just can not be a candidate be more . '', 
   graf lambsdorff also criticised the eu commission . 
  `` the commission pursues a policy that is purely interest-driven . 
  she looks solely to the fact that we cooperate with turkey in the refugee issue . '', 
  he had wished for clearer words towards the turkish government : `` the commission prefers to chicken out on issues of press freedom and freedom of expression , '' he said . 
  `` my attitude is : we should gently move towards pragmatic cooperation with turkey and end this accession process . '', 
  replying to a user who deleted his post :  germany and eu are both just being erdogan 's ass-hairs at the moment since all they care about are their short-sighted goals regarding immigration . 
  those policies are about to experience their dusk . 
  the biggest winner of these elections in turkey is bashir al assad , who has won more new friends than he could ever dream of . 
   now they will have turks knocking on their doors as well we have historically had an immigration mainly of islamist turkish citizens who fled strict kemalist laicism . 
  this is why akp gets a much higher share of votes among turkish citizens in germany than among turkish citizens in turkey , and that 's why we have disgusting turkish-islamist sharia parallel societies in some cities . 
  i would very much appreciate it if turkish islamists leave germany now , and i would very much welcome citizens of turkey with a modern mindset . 
  i recommend a new refugee policy for germany : instead of taking in any person with a true or fake syrian passport , we should rather welcome all true citizens of either turkey or syria who sincerely oppose clepto-islamist mr. erdogan and his policies who mess up their lives and steal their future . 
  sorry for you , secular decent citizens of the country until now known as the republic of turkey . 
  if the akp wins an absolute majority , this is a vote for a neo-ottoman empire , against civilization , modernity and europe . 
  goodbye , republic of turkey , you had 92 beautiful years , but now it is over . 
  rest in peace . 
  the european union , and our german government must end any process of accession to the eu , and our `` western '' foreign policy must focus on other partners in the region , considering the islamist neo-ottoman one-man empire as the ultimate antagonist now . 
  every citizen can contribute to an economic boycott . 
   so the pkk are defenders of atat\u00fcrk 's legacy now ? 
  even though they hate literally everything about him . 
  yes , that is a fun fact twist of history . 
  still a fact . 
  i am surprised that this pretty obvious fact surprises you . 
  here is a nice piece on the elections in turkey today from one of the leading german newspapers and the best turkey correspondent in german media , deniz y\u00fccel .
