   die welt : we have to face that half of africa gets on the move ? 
   collier : the chaos in many african countries increases definitely . 
  the former world bank economist serge micha\u00eflof presents the thesis that the region south of the sahara could be the next afghanistan . 
  there live about 100 million people , and especially in mali and niger , the situation is already very unstable . 
  and then there comes the german chancellor and says that europe 's doors are open . 
  think about it just once , how these people perceive that . 
   die welt : you mean angela merkel is to blame for the refugee crisis in europe ? 
   collier : who else ? 
  until last year refugees were not a big issue for europe . 
  i still do not understand why mrs merkel has acted that way . 
  she has so definitely imposed a huge problem on germany and europe , which now also no longer is so easy to solve . 
   die welt : will the cost merkel chancellorship ? 
   collier : that i can not answer with the best intentions . 
  but what i can say : through her communication she has turned refugees into migrants . 
   die welt : that means ? 
   collier : it 's simple : germany obviously likes the savior role . 
  but it does not border any of crisis or war countries . 
  all these people who have come to you made it from safe third countries . 
  germany has saved not a single syrian . 
  on the contrary , germany , despite your best intentions rather is responsible for deaths . 
  the matter has gone completely out of hand . 
  many people understood merkel 's words as an invitation and then made it to the dangerous path , sacrificed their savings and entrusted their lives dubious thugs . 
   die welt : then hungary 's prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n 's right , if he wants to protect europe by fences and walls from the onslaught of the masses ? 
   collier : i 'm not interested in any way what individual politicians say . 
  but borders and fences are certainly not the solution to the problem . 
   collier : there must be a radical shift in the communication . 
  europe must make it clear that want-to-be migrants into affluence do not need start the journey . 
  and the refugees who want to get to safety , can not do that in europe , but in the neighboring countries , just as it is defined in international law . 
  the principle that safe littoral states to provide protection must necessarily apply for two reasons : firstly , the refugees come to security the neighboring country in the simplest , without getting themselves unnecessarily in danger . 
  and when there is peace again in their homeland , the refugees can also easily go back and help rebuild . 
   die welt : however , many refugees in germany seem to want to settle down here in the long term . 
   collier : this is too often forgotten in the whole discussion . 
  mainly the comparatively well-educated and relatively prosperous start the journey of immigration . 
  exactly these people will not go back again , once they have taken root in the west . 
  the crisis countries are then missing precisely those people who they need most urgently for a stable future . 
   die welt : but lebanon , turkey and jordan can no longer shoulder the load . 
   collier : i 've been to one of those refugee camps in jordan . 
  life there is not great , but bearable . 
  and just that is what counts . 
  we need to help the people who have left their homes unvoluntarily . 
  but they are not not entitled to a place in the affluent european sky . 
   die welt : to make it but very simple . 
   collier : no , not at all . 
  of course , the emerging markets should not sit on the costs of refugees . 
  it 's definitely a matter for the rich countries to compensate them for it adequately . 
   die welt : then do you like sch\u00e4uble 's proposal of a marshall plan for the countries bordering safe ? 
   collier : absolutely , that 's exactly the right approach . 
  lynchpin however , it is to bring all these people back into jobs . 
  currently the refugees have no real perspective in the large refugee camps in jordan and turkey . 
  if you get them in jobs on the spot , disappears the incentive to move to western europe . 
  who creates jobs also has some control over the refugees . 
  fences or other hand , protection money for turkey are less effective . 
   die welt : who 's going to create those millions of jobs in jordan ? 
   collier : the german economy is virtually predestined . 
  german companies have en masse shifted jobs to poland or turkey . 
  so why not to jordan ? 
   die welt : because it lacks the necessary infrastructure , among other things , market outlets and trained personnel ? 
   collier : jordan has even specially established economic zones , which are well developed . 
  you also need not be a nuclear physicist to work in a factory . 
  the syrians are no worse qualified than the turks . 
   die welt : if it is so easy , then why argue about europe border security and refugee ceilings ? 
   collier : europe leads the completely false debate . 
  the european union is not responsible for the reception of refugees . 
  however , it is responsible for securing its own borders , either jointly or , if that does not work , then just every single state of their own . 
  i do not understand is why this is controversial at all . 
   die welt : because the schengen agreement , one of the key achievements of the internal market , would inevitably be carried to the grave . 
   collier : schengen 's long been dead . 
  and you know what : this does not matter . 
  my native britain is not part of the schengen agreement . 
  i can not see that that would have any disadvantage . 
  schengen is only as a theatrical symbol of brussels politicians . 
  they want to pretend something like a european state . 
  but schengen has nothing to do with europe . 
  what matters is that we can travel to the other of a country . 
  and that goes without schengen . 
   die welt : exporters within the eu disagree . 
  they fear enormous rising costs when border controls are in place again . 
   collier : i do not believe that argument . 
  when i travel to continental europe , before i show my passport that lasts ten seconds and more effort is not . 
  it is important that you can travel freely , and for that you do not need schengen . 
  it is quite simple : each country is responsible for securing its own borders . 
  you can not just enter botswana as well . 
  why should it be any different in europe ? 
   die welt : so will europe not break on a possible end of schengen ? 
   collier : europe will not break . 
  that 's all an exaggeration . 
  the problem will be solved . 
  either by the states or by common national solutions  die welt : in your book , you have warned that too many immigrants endanger the social fabric of society . 
  especially after the attacks of cologne , is this danger becoming reality now ? 
   collier : i do not think so . 
  people will realize that the influx was only the consequence of a major policy error that will be corrected . 
  but surely it will be difficult with the integration . 
  this is more difficult the more migrants are in one country and live together in a confined space . 
  because then decreases the need to really culturally and linguistically to open up for the host country . 
  as a result , hard to control parallel societies emerge . 
   die welt : examples abound . 
  but which countries that have well solved the problem , europe could take as a model ? 
   collier : the us have used immigration for their advantage . 
  also canada and australia are examples of good integration . 
  both countries pursue a highly selective immigration policy .
