  everyone does . 
  it 's a keyboard, 
  the bulletteam, 
  then you get cold and die . 
   console 's interfaces are easy to read, 
  they are no more , i have 10/10 eye sight and i have to leave the couch to read . 
  that 's annoying af . 
  they are not , all conspiracy evidence is bullshit , by people who try to study complex systems with `` common sense '' . 
  i have no problem with people who is not educated in some fields or who try to find answers themselves , but thinking of ignorance as a merit is a huge problem . 
  poi il bot li manca i video . 
  depends on the point of reference , my current velocity is 0 m/s relatively to the earth . 
  if you want to take into account bigger systems ( ie the milky way ) you wo n't find a precise velocity . 
  we are moving on orbits , which means our velocity relatively the galaxy 's center changes each instant . 
  i understand that feeling , it took me one month to download bloodborne . 
  hari seldon is the only true prophet . 
  the mouth of truth - rome, 
  it 's a mask with a hole in the mouth , it 's told that if you put your hand in the mask and lie it will cut your hand off . 
  now do it with a 1 tb hard drive . 
  blade runner and equilibrium, 
  `` voluntary extintion '', 
  rage meter : over 9000 !, 
  probably the gameboy sp , when i was a kid i loved to play super mario , pokemon , lady sia . 
  maybe is the uncanny valley effect speaking but i found those games a lot more immersive than the ones today . 
  i love immersive games and after fallout 3 , i have n't found any . 
  i do n't have an opinion, 
  i am interested but i never had a pen pal before , how does it work ? 
  omg that 's disturbing , why is he using windows xp ? 
  why people keep praising the ps + ?? 
  it is fucking cancer . 
  japan , i bet they have 1gbps, 
  aaaaahhhh my knees !!, 
  i know desmume and visual boy advance . 
  i do n't know where you can find download and installation instructions . 
  google is your friend . 
  you can find the roms on emuparadise . 
  a sewing needle, 
  wow , i needed this , thank you . 
  i need rest . 
  mark zukerberg, 
  ten minutes are more than enough, 
  `` today is april fools , i wo n't be pranked '', 
  `` windows is open source '', 
  * heart attack *, 
  overstaying on a visa is a life style, 
  build a throne, 
  please , tell me that was not a spoiler of `` 5 cms per second '' . 
  is this real life ? 
  * phone ringing *, 
  i forgot the offline mode '', 
  how ? 
  are you trying to guess ? 
  `` i ca n't drain the swamp , i am the swamp '', 
  with or without you up my ass, 
  space muslims, 
  made in italy masterrace, 
  quicksaving, 
  / r/wholesomefakenews, 
  i thought this sub should be about real news but with changes to make them fake and wholesome . 
  it 's just an idea . 
  this is a very good idea, 
  / u/bad _ at_hearthstone what do you think ? 
   cavalier berlusconi, 
  `` crazy gibberish '', 
  i regret nothing !, 
  yes they are connected , everything will be explained in the answer arcs . 
  quantum tunneling becomes a problem at very small lengths . 
  i do n't think is possible to go smaller than 5nm . 
  but i am not an expert , take this with a grain of salt . 
  pull ovah, 
  it is a conspiracy, 
  really ? 
  got ta rewatch the ovas . 
  `` valve will release it only in the us '', 
  `` i love you '', 
  `` i know '', 
  `` whatcha gon na do ? 
  eat me ? '', 
  - man who was eaten, 
  i started the manga too , reading it on the kindle is fantastic . 
   shills , hired by microsoft, 
  probably they are just fanboys, 
  should we flood his twitter with `` you are number one '' ? 
  playing with guns wcgw, 
  my father was in the army in the '80s , he always said me that the most important thing he learned was to respect guns . 
  it is a tool for killing not to play with . 
  we need a bot for this, 
  italy checking in !, 
  spot-on , thank you, 
  with my 1e9 iq i could burn you with my mind , but i am too lazy now . 
  it would cost about 1 or 2 million usd . 
  if you want to make low budget , fan made opera you should be able to reduce the cost , but it will take a long time . 
  staccah staccah !, 
   quicksaving, 
  incompatibility with what ? 
  higurashi when they cry, 
  attack on titan, 
  you have to bribe alex to join, 
  europe : conquering the world ( again ), 
  they are bureaucrats morty , i do n't respect them . 
  ` ignorance ' and ` lack of knowledge ' have the same meaning .
