  which kinda ' defeats the whole point about trump being a `` joke '' . 
  and let 's not forget , trump did n't just sit back & let others manage his fortunes - he actively managed it himself . 
  he has had both success & failure , but he managed to be , long-term , on average as good as the stock market . 
  which , by definition , means he 's about as good as your average big-business manager . 
  which , again , makes him better than 9x % of the americans ( with x being rather large ) . 
  i 'm not claiming he 's the next steve jobs . 
  i 'm claiming it 's disingenuous to dismiss him as a `` failure '' . 
  he 's clearly not one . 
   he 's got congress behind him . 
  no he does n't . 
  do n't act like he 's some kind of old-school-republican . 
   he will likely be able to get a republican majority in the supreme court . 
  again , that 's a pitfall . 
  the supreme court judges do n't vote exclusively on party lines - even if trump had the party fully behind him ( which he does n't ) . 
  i agree that the simpler explanation is that he 's crazy . 
  and i ca n't rule that out . 
  it 's just that there are more than a few inconsistencies in this simple explanation , so i ca n't accept it , either . 
  ymmv - i understand you if you accept it , just do n't call me `` mentally unstable '' because i 'm not yet willing to . 
  i would never challenge somebody who claims trump is narcissistic :d still , that feat is not exactly rare among politicians ( i 'd go as far as to claim that obama himself was a bit narcissistic ) . 
  what 's rare is that trump makes no attempt to hide it . 
  are you really german ? 
  surely you ca n't claim that schulz became popular because of trump ... schulz was popular before trump was a thing . 
  he is popular because of his ep presidency , not because of trump . 
  `` exotic '' . 
  `` polarizing '' . 
  `` showman '' . 
  take your pick . 
  one does n't need to be mentally unwell to discard his twitter discourse as `` largely irrelevant '' . 
  i feel that the single biggest mistake liberals make ( and the one that led to his eventual success ) is to trivialize him . 
  my opinion is that the man is genuinely dangerous - but not because he is a `` joke '' or a `` racist '' or `` mentally ill '' or `` crazy unqualified liar '' . 
  it 's because he is in fact very skilled , but his real policies are dangerous and his qualifications & expertise may not fit the new field that he chose ( international politics ) . 
  we know that he 's a skilled negotiator . 
  and a skilled businessman ^ * . 
  but - international politics is nothing like business . 
  you ca n't declare bankruptcy . 
  you ca n't compartmentalize your losses . 
  the focus is not on making mistakes & quickly recovering from them - the focus is on not making mistakes , because the mistakes are extremely expensive & may be unrecoverable . 
  i 'm not sure trump really understands all this - i fear that he may take his business mindset into politics . 
  and then , his long-term-supported policies , that you can read between the lines even in his slogan ( `` make america great again '' ) are ones of isolationism , of withdrawing from the world scene & focusing on `` america 's own problems '' . 
  this is , in fact , why many of his supporters support him , and i understand the feeling ... but it is dangerous , and i fear the world is not ready for that . 
  for all their faults , my belief is that the yanks have had a positive influence on the world . 
  a usa that tries to extract maximum value for itself from its allies & competitors is a usa that may e.g. 
  push china to take desperate actions . 
  if trump is really successful in bringing more manufacturing to the us ( and i would n't bet against him doing that ) may in fact hurt china , and make it decline . 
  a china in decline is unpredictable , and dangerous in ways that we may not fully understand - it might e.g. 
  become belligerent ( not towards us , or eu . 
  but towards its neighbors , or e.g. 
  towards a weak russia ) . 
  ( * ) i know liberals belittle him & like to claim otherwise . 
  they 're imo dead wrong . 
  staying in business & having the same performance as the general stock market is , by definition , very hard . 
  having bankruptcies & managing to bounce back shows that he 's not a `` one hit wonder '' and understands business & risk management . 
  hard-pressed ? 
  not at all !, 
  the article itself claims , quote :  perhaps the biggest single driver of the spd 's new popularity , however , is schulz . 
  see ? 
  the single biggest driver is not trump , it 's schulz !, 
  how about this title : `` the rise of schulz has led to an unexpected twist in germany 's election : a resurgent left '' . 
  would wapo even bother to publish the article with this title ? 
  not all of them constantly lie . 
  you know , it 's a generalization ... and , as they say , all generalizations are false . 
  but they can still be useful  my point was mostly that you ca n't consider people to be `` mentally ill '' for being unfazed by trump 's lies . 
  as a supporter , you can consider his lies as being inconsequential . 
  i know that 's a hard pill to swallow if you hate trump ... but , you should at least consider this thought . 
  people like peter thiel and scott adams are anything but `` mentally ill '' . 
  maybe it was misleading ; the intent of the quotes around `` obvious truth '' was to show that 's just my somewhat-hyperbolic interpretation . 
  i tried to do `` air quotes '' , in writing . 
  here 's what i meant : if you put shit in your headline , you 'd better have it well-supported by facts , because the headline is all that most people will read . 
  i hate it with fierce passion when newspapers put something in the headline , only to contradict it in the article body , that 's imo the culmination of journalistic scumbaggery . 
  well , i do n't have to be `` mentally unwell '' to consider that honesty is not the primary qualification for the job . 
  in fact , you 'd be hard-pressed to find a politician that does n't lie ... yes , trump is more brazen than most of them , but the alternative was n't exactly the poster child of honesty !, 
  my alternate-reality view on trump 's lies is that half of them are hyperboles , because that 's his style . 
  and the other half is him pacing & leading - to achieve his goals he makes outrageous claims/demands , not because these are his true goals , but because that 's how he negotiates . 
  by first establishing absurd `` references '' and then giving you the feeling that `` whew , i got something '' when you find a reasonable middle ground ... although , that `` reasonable middle ground '' may have been his objective all along . 
  to take as an example on how this theory would apply to recent events : maybe his recent `` muslim ban '' is just him being a crazy racist . 
  that 's definitely a possibility . 
  the other , more forgiving possibility is that he 's being intentionally crazy , to achieve two simultaneous goals : a. 
  he pleases his more-radical supporters . 
  `` see , i tried to do exactly as i said , but the bastards would n't let me ! '' . 
  he gives a red herring to the liberals , lets them fight with an imaginary policy , and then can dial-back to a more reasonable `` extreme vetting '' policy for immigration . 
  trump is a quintessential disruptor & troll . 
  you ca n't easily judge his actions as they are being executed , because it 's hard to see his end goals . 
  he just seems crazy , but there 's method behind his craziness ... that 's the biggest mistake of the liberals , they fail to acknowledge this and like to just pretend that he 's crazy . 
  well , the crazy dude kicked the ass of both gop and the democrats - is n't that something ? 
  i 'm sure it was just luck . 
  that 's the easy explanation . 
  luck and damn racists , america is full of them . 
  take another example - the obama `` birth certificate '' kerfuffle . 
  maybe that 's just proof of what a lying bastard trump is . 
  definitely , that 's a plausible explanation . 
  the `` alt-facts '' explanation is that he was leading & pacing - he took the lead as the most vocal challenger , and once he successfully did that , he closed the issue . 
  `` i 've seen the birth certificate . 
  i 'm satisfied . 
  obama is american '' . 
  evil and slimy , or smart ? 
  i guess it depends on whether you are mentally unwell , or not , 
  the problem is twofold : a. 
  the thesis it launches `` spd rise tied to trump '' is unsupported by facts , and probably completely made up . 
  it 's nothing more than an opinion , but is stated as `` obvious truth '' . 
  in fact , i 'd argue it 's not even the honest opinion of the author of the article , since the author himself claims , buried down in the article text , that `` perhaps the biggest single driver of the spd 's new popularity , however , is schulz . '' .
