  the goal of this article , imo , is not to inform americans about the german left , it 's to induce the feeling that `` trump is so bad , that left-wing all over the globe is on the rise ! '' . 
  in other words , it 's far from being a `` balanced article '' , it 's a propaganda one . 
  may be `` good propaganda '' , but it 's still propaganda . 
  i 'd go as far as guessing that farage & brexit are much more important factors . 
  am i on to something here ? 
   only a mentally unwell person can accept trumps behaviour , regardless of their political views . 
  this is a very dangerous train of thought . 
  i hate to play the role of trump 's advocate , but it 's worth to do it in order to counter such over-the-top remarks . 
  go on , tell me what exactly is this behaviour that only a mentally unwell person can accept ? 
  maybe even hundreds !, 
  so am i to understand that he went [ fishing for kippers ] ( http://www.sex-lexis.com/-dictionary/fishing%20for%20kippers ) with a finn ? 
  no , because those money will go to the nhs . 
  right ? 
  ( seriously speaking - you do n't believe that , do you ? 
  i mean , yes in theory westminster could do that ... but , will it ? 
  or will it chose to do other things - e.g. 
  use those money to reduce deficit ? ), 
  crimea can into nordic . 
  take that , eesti !, 
  [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge's_law_of_headlines ) . 
  lots of them ? 
  ^ ( / runs for cover ), 
   wines price has absolutely no correlation to quality . 
  that ca n't be scientifically proven because it 's utter bullshit . 
  i can guarantee that you wo n't find good wine for 1e/bottle . . not in europe , at least . 
  you can , however , find crap wine at that price . 
  ( what you are trying to say is that expensive wines can be `` worse '' than cheaper ones . 
  yes , that is indeed true ... but it is also subjective , which is kinda ' the point . 
  and even if the price is * the thing * that made you enjoy the wine ... who cares , as long as you enjoyed it ? ), 
  because gay weak , romania stronk !, 
  looked for the smallest slice in the chart with `` which country has the best humour '' . 
  found it is germany . 
  i think the results are legit !, 
  `` we do n't want to '' is fair . 
  immigration might be a cause of concern - anything else ? 
  would it really be perceived as a bad thing ? 
   we 're an asian nation now not a european one . 
  that 's actually a reason to want to join , in my book . 
  with the whole of eu behind , you 'd have much better clout to get better trade deals with asian nations . 
  you could probably take the lead and dictate most of the terms since other eu members would n't have similarly-strong interests in the area . 
   would europeans support such a move ? 
  seems unlikely this one in fact seems very likely to me . 
  not only are you well-developed nation and culturally close to eu , but you also probably meet already most of the aquis . 
  and there 'd be no concerns about `` australian immigrants taking our jobs '' from the most-euroskeptic members . 
  israel definitely should be , too . 
  there are some questions on acquis communautaire ( you know , with your general relationship with the palestinians ) . 
  and most of eu would not be eager about the prospect of being drawn into a potential hot-conflict zone ( we do have a common-defence policy in place ) ^ * . 
  so it 'd be a tough road to actual ascension , but ... that itself is not a reason why the discussions should n't be started . 
  on the contrary , starting the process might help fix this issues . 
  but is there a will in israel to join the eu ? 
  would this be a popular prospect ? 
  ( * ) yes , i do know that you 're adequately equipped to defend yourselves . 
  in fact , arguably your military is better than most of the eu 's . 
  still , i do feel that in itself is a bit of a cause for concern - eu is not very militaristic , 
  i kinda ' agree on this one . 
  still , given that they 're so far off , maybe it would n't be such a big concern ? 
  this would be a big issue nevertheless , i do agree . 
  but is `` freedom of movement '' really a big enough of an issue to not even consider the possibility ? 
  thank you . 
  that 's the kinda ' comment i was expecting . 
  i do n't think `` anglo-liberal '' should be considered a fatal flaw ... but then again , i 'm not french . 
   other than that ( and on a more serious note ) , on 3 criteria you admit it 's `` a check '' , and the 4th you claim it 's a tough sell . . well , maybe , definitely it depends on the australians wanting that ; the larger question i guess is `` what would australia and/or eu have to gain from the economical union '' . 
  negotiating power is one thing for sure ; i do think eu has the clout to get better deals with the likes of china and us . 
  also for regulations , i think regular australians might actually like the eu regulations , especially those around privacy where they seem to be pulled into a direction that they do n't want ; but i might be wrong on this one , i do n't know them well enough . 
  as for eu , besides a new , relatively rich member - we 'd also gain an extra bit of diversity from an `` anglo-liberal '' member - australia could fill in the space left by the uk , while at the same time acting much less like a primadonna . 
  hey !, 
  i actually want turkey to be part of the eu , but not with the likes of erdogan in charge . 
  if you had another ataturk , i have no doubt that eu would welcome you . 
  why u hate poor little eu , we done did no wrong to you !, 
   attending european parliament sessions in strasbourg or brussels would be a bit of a challenge though . 
  it 'd be a long flight , sure ; but hardly unfeasible , for a handful of politicians . 
  i mean , new caledonia is in the eu , and it 's not that far from them  seriously , why would eu not accept australia 's membership application , if they asked ? 
  from that newspaper article it feels like australians themselves might not be too much against the idea . 
  the article is pretty bad , but it addresses a subject i have n't seen discussed much : why is n't australia a member of the eu ? 
  ok they 're not in europe , but that should n't be a showstopper ... culturally , they 're pretty close . 
  do they not want to be in the eu ? 
  has it ever been seriously discussed/considered ? 
  fwiw , i have n't heard of this `` abandoned cow '' phenomenon , and given that you can sell them for money ( because milk or meat ) , i very much doubt that it 's a real thing . 
  that was the problem / u/vernazza noticed in hungary : the burrito was wrapped in a k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs . 
  here 's how we do it : we get mexico into the eu , and brits pay for the wall with all the money they saved with the brexit . 
  now apologise . 
  no , i 'm saying it like `` we do n't want the anger towards the west to be fuelled to belligerent levels '' . 
  if putin feels like he is likely to be overthrown due to sharply falling living standards , his most-likely strategy of keeping the power is `` war '' . 
  i do n't like wars . 
  it 's not about the west doing something that would anger the ordinary russian - it 's about the propaganda raising the anger to belligerent levels if the living standards drop to a level that threatens putin 's hold on power . 
  i think his plan is actually to make ussr great again . 
  i for one have a bit of hope ^ ( * ) - the protests were bigger than they expected , and there 's been a lot of pushback from all areas of the society , and now it turns out that the pm * might * be held personally accountable if he were to pass such decree and it ends up being deemed unlawful ( e.g. 
  unconstitutional ) ; all in all there are signs that they might not be able to move quickly on this . 
  and maybe we 'll get a sentence on dragnea 's next term , at jan 31st ... though that seems a bit unlikely , it 's not impossible . 
  overall , they 're certainly nervous and want to be doing something about it , but the first tentative failed , so there 's still hope ( * ) at [ 22 eur/person and 7eur/dog ] ( http://www.romanialibera.ro/actualitate/eveniment/foto---video--manipulari-la-romania-tv--burtierele-au-transmis-ca-la-protestele-din-bucuresti-s-au-platit-30-de-lei-de-caine--50-de-lei-de-copil-si-100-de-lei-de-adult-438914 ) , you would think so , right ? 
  eli5 : why does n't spain have capital ? 
  i mean , compared to germany , i guess i get it ... but , compared to eastern europe ? 
  also - if you compete for low-cost blue-collar jobs , that 's a signal of poor education system . 
  otherwise you should be able to get lots of white-collar jobs from e.g. 
  is the general education a problem in spain ? 
  i know it was shit during franco , but that was a long time ago , and nowadays i had the impression that your system is actually pretty good ( including universities ) . 
  these are all honest questions . 
  i ca n't really explain the relatively tough position spain seems to be in . 
  you 're 14th in terms or gdp ( ppp or not ) , and while your standings in gdp per capita are not quite as good ... they 're not too bad either . 
  good position , pretty good infrastructure , decent local capital ... why is the job market quite as bad as it is ?
