  nope . 
  you do n't want russia to implode , you do n't want chaos . 
  you do n't want them to blame `` the sanctions '' and `` the west '' - you want them to blame themselves . 
  you want a long period of barely-bearable ( but , * bearable * ) misery and stagnation , so that they slowly fall hopelessly behind . 
  i know this sounds heartless and cynical , but unfortunately i see no realistic better way out of the current situation . 
  russia is too big & too rich to be forced to modernise via outside ( eu or us ) pressure . 
  it needs to find that will from within - and it does n't have the youth that wants to do so - maybe in 20 years from now ? 
   that 's not the same thing never claimed it was exactly the same - just used that as an example of `` just because you can do something today , does n't mean you should be able to do it tomorrow '' . 
  if you want a more direct example - good luck getting a job in the government , that pays your salary in cash . 
  you used to be able to do that . 
   does n't mean it could n't be abused and used for other actions in the future i mean , that 's true for most things in life . 
  any power can be abused - does n't mean we should n't have a society because rulers might abuse their power . 
  you need to argue that the potential for abuse is bigger than the potential benefits . 
  that 's a much tougher thing to argue . 
   im 21 , i have no need for one like i said , not old enough :p . anyway , it 's irrelevant - yes you can live without one today , that does n't mean that you should ( and that we need to maintain the status quo ) . 
  in the past you could drive without a license . 
  now you ca n't . 
  this is a good thing , actually - though it may appear to be a restriction of your rights . 
   in terms banks you money can be can be stolen ( physically or through identity fraud ) in the same vain cash can no , not really ( yes maybe through identity fraud , but much harder , and also if i can prove that it was n't me , it 's the bank that takes the loss ) . 
   in the same vain using cash can be payed for getting small jobs done around the house digital cash can be easily used for that , too . 
  the big difference is that the cop ca n't claim `` i have this big house because a rich aunt gave me the money '' - if there 's an obvious disparity between the lifestyle & the income , law enforcement can ( lawfully ) check your source of revenues . 
  what 's wrong , nl ? 
   may i ask what do you mean by legal reason for having a bank account ? 
  in many countries it 's illegal to do cash transactions above a certain value . 
   i personally do n't have a bank account probably not old enough . 
  though ... my daughter actually had to get a card before she had to get an id ( scholarships are only paid through bank accounts ) . 
   dont get rid of physical money theres no reason to actually , there is : - having cash generates huge costs in the society ( besides the fact that it 's fairly expensive to print/circulate , especially for smaller denominations - handling cash is also extremely expensive for any business / government organisation , since it can be so easily stolen , so you have to have special jobs/people / processes for doing that ) . 
  - cash facilitates a lot of low-level corruption ( e.g. 
  paying a cop to let you go when you did something wrong ) . 
  - a cashless society could enable massively reduced bureaucracy ( think about not doing the tax forms at tall - just log in to authorise the bank ( s ) / financial service providers to send the revenue/expense data to the relevant government agencies ; and for businesses , the accounting could be significantly simplified , and we could get rid of paper-based accounting & keeping all receipts since you already have electronic receipts from your financial service provider9s ) . 
  there 's probably more benefits to be had , but these are the immediate obvious ones . 
  i see you have no understanding of balkan politics . 
  croats ca n't use burgundy . 
  fuckin ' serbs were already using that color !, 
  there are two arguments to be made , let 's not conflate them : a. 
  `` politicians do n't care about privacy , this is only going to make things worse '' - ok , i mostly agree . 
  how does that explain that no politician is pursuing a cashless society ? 
  since , you know , that gives them even more tracking ability , and since we postulated they all love `` more tracking '' ... b. 
  `` doing this would necessarily be bad for privacy '' : yes , there are privacy concerns , i do n't deny that . 
  however , if we 're smart about this , and address them - i think it 's perfectly doable . 
  like for iinstance prepaid sims do n't have to be registered - your politicians tricked you , [ there is no eu directive ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a52011dc0225 )  six member states ( denmark , spain , italy , greece , slovakia and bulgaria ) have adopted measures requiring the registration of prepaid sim cards . 
  these and other member states ( poland , cyprus , lithuania ) have argued in favour of an eu-wide measure for mandatory registration of the identify of users of prepaid services . 
  no evidence has been provided as to the effectiveness of those national measures . 
  potential limitations have been highlighted , for example , in cases of identity theft or where a sim card is purchased by a third party or a user roams with a card purchased in a third country . 
  ** overall the commission is not convinced of the need for action in this area at an eu level at this stage . 
  ** yes , prepaid sims as a means for payment for children are a perfectly viable solution . 
  mobile payment can and should be doable by other means too - including sms - so that solves the issue for `` children & people who do n't have a residency permit '' ( also - there 's no reason why prepaid credit cards would n't work for children/people with no residency ) . 
  whatever you think of it - the security of mobile phones is vastly better than the security of cash . 
  again , we do n't need perfect security , we just need it to be better . 
  geo traceability of phones is a privacy problem anyway , whether we keep cash or not ( it is btw also an enormous opportunity - you can use it to improve transportation network , construction & planning of utilities like power & water , to contain the spread of disease , to identify early systemic problems in certain areas of a city etc. 
  ; but that 's a different discussion )  will i be able to download it from the f-droid store you should be . 
  we do n't want to hand over such a critical function of society to a single player  by all means , lets think of better alternatives to cash . 
  this . 
  i 'm flabbergasted that nobody brings this up . 
  cash has imo already outlived its usefulness , and digital `` cash '' is already as good as ( & better ) than cash for the vast amount of people - all we need to handle are the edge cases & the future-proofing . 
  there is a debate to be had on how exactly we implement the details - for sure . 
  but we 're not having that debate , at all !, 
  this & geo-location are the two big elephants in the room that we pretend will just `` go away '' if left unaddressed . 
  no they wo n't . 
  we need to start discussing how to reap the benefits while minimising the risks . 
  because otherwise , we 'll just be left with the risks & no benefits . 
  oh , and one final thing :  that is not reassuring . 
  it 's already bad enough when surveillance is one level of abstraction above you , proposing it is several levels higher up just makes them even less accountable . 
  definitely supra-national . 
  is it `` less accountable '' and `` scary '' ? 
  would you rather not have it ? 
  that 's what i propose . 
  not a supra-national organism that can track everyone - but a supra-national organism that records who tracked you , and releases that information to you upon request ( with some constraints ) . 
  a mechanism that makes sure you can enforce your privacy rights / that your privacy is n't violated at someone 's whims . 
   not everyone wants to be locked into using banks for many practical ( & legal ) reasons , pretty much everyone is locked into using banks already . 
  in many countries ( including mine ) , it 's only small-value transactions that can be done with cash , anyway . 
  also , as i mention below - banks do n't need to be the only institutions who can provide financial services . 
   if for what ever reason you cant use your bank account your out of luck using any of your money if you 're really concerned , you can use several banks . 
  and/or mobile payments . 
  i have never heard of the entire financial system being down , even for a very short period - that would already be a disaster of epic proportions . 
   while with cash its easy and convenient to use i fail to see how touching a card on a terminal ( contactless payment ) is any harder or less convenient than carrying cash & doing the math to pay the exact sum . 
   there no account needed with a bank there 's also the possibility of mobile payments if you really do n't want/can ' t get a bank account . 
  i 'm sure the mobile operators would jump at the opportunity to extend these kinds of services to everyone , all we need is the right legal framework . 
  a ) there are cryptocurrencies that fix that ( e.g. 
  zerocoin ) , but i was not thinking about that . 
  you 're totally right , for a cashless society to work , we need to use means of payment that are already widely available & proven to work fine - i.e. 
  credit cards and mobile payments . 
  as you notice , in many countries all transactions of significant value are already made electronically ( by law ) , so your privacy is in a pretty sore state as it is . 
  there are many ways to improve on what we have now , even privacy-wise . 
  not `` guarantee perfect privacy '' ( maybe that 's possible through some sort of cryptocurrency like zerocoin ... but i would n't bet my life on it ) , but have it decent enough for the regular person . 
  you know , regulations , supra-national supervision bodies that log all accesses to your transactions and inform you of them e.g. 
  in 5 years , pre-paied `` anonymous credit cards '' for small amounts of money , stuff like that . 
  b ) you 're right that it 's an issue worthy of consideration ... 
  i exaggerated to not include it . 
  in a world where everyone & their grandma has a mobile phone , i do n't think `` access to financial institutions '' is a problem for 99.9 % of the population . 
  but , indeed , there is that 0.1 % of homeless people , `` children of the streets '' etc. 
  that would be cut off . 
  not that they have lots of money now ... but they would n't have anything . 
  however , you can see this as a `` blocking problem '' , or as an opportunity ( `` how do we devise ways to bring in / include these persons into the society ? '' ) . 
  these are all vulnerable persons that need more than an occasional euro to survive - they need real support . 
  so yes - you 're right that it 's a serious issue to consider , but i still think it should n't be a `` showstopper '' , i view it as more of an additional opportunity . 
  why ? 
  yes . 
  the only one worth considering is `` privacy '' . 
  and it is ( a ) perfectly solvable , and ( b ) i can not see our politicians losing too much sleep over the issue of `` privacy '',
