you know the black sea ? 
  legends say there used to be an old thracian road there . . 
   my aunt travelled a bit around norway and complained a lot about no one speaking english or spanish :(, 
  no way man . 
  those mejillones would probably be placed near a rafael palacios as sortes , not a curzcampo . 
  and under no circumstances would they be placed anywhere near mayo , in a civilized country . 
  what civilized country would eat mussels with fries , mayo & beer ? 
  it 's paying less taxes . 
  come on , do n't pretend [ you never heard of this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_sandwich ) before . 
  all the taxes that * others * do n't collect, 
  you are right it 's just marketing , but marketing that is too efficient is no different from a mind-control machine , for all intents and purposes . 
  that said , this article reeks of `` self-advertising '' for cambridge analytica . 
  i do n't believe a word of what they claim to be able to do . 
  their capabilities are probably limited , and now that they 're in the spotlight - it certainly feels like they may 've broken more than a few privacy laws . 
  but ... 
  i thought you caring about northern europe is like poland caring about space . 
  is it bad that i initially ( mis - ) read * farce * instead of force ? 
  0.5 degrees too cold . 
  not perfect . 
  this . 
  i hope it will be . 
  as far as i know , us has something similar , too . 
  you must be german . 
   i 'm partying for three days straight from 11am until 10pm , according to official partying schedule . 
  already made reservations at all party places , 3 months in advance , to make most effective use of the fun . 
   friday is short day . 
  only work until 7pm . 
  ftfy, 
  it 's not chechnya , it 's czechia . 
  ee country , used to be bigger but half of it was made of catholic serbs , and it broke away as a separate country called slovenia . 
  why would one need 239 luxemburgers to occupy france ? 
  says the brazilian-speaker, 
  interesting , thanks . 
  but , it does n't include moldova :d, 
   fuck the quaran . 
  well , careful not to do it in danemark though - you could get in trouble with the blasphemy laws . 
  still not believable . 
  r.moldova more secular ? 
  when moldova is by far romania 's most traditional region ? 
  i have a very hard time believing that . 
  romania more traditional and less self-expression than moldova ? 
  i find that hard to believe ... 
  i 'm done too - but it 's frankly incredible how you twisted my `` problem '' into a strawman - we just already had this discussion , you 're now just repeating what i already replied to . 
    in either case , there are existing remedies . 
   that sometimes do n't work . 
  there are existing remedies for cancer , what 's the point in looking for new ones ? 
  by definition police can only target illegal behavior , your supreme argument is `` corruption is already illegal '' ??? 
  what . 
  the . 
   by what definition is it illegitimate - eu law or national law ? 
  probably both . 
   in either case , there are existing remedies . 
  that sometimes do n't work . 
  there are existing remedies for cancer , what 's the point in looking for new ones ? 
   as i say , you have a solution looking for a problem . 
  that 's the thing , i think i have two `` good '' problems and only an imperfect solution . 
  first is `` corruption '' , second is `` illiberal , sometimes illegal , policies that get promulgated despite voter desires , not because of it '' . 
  those who voted psd in power because of promises of greater wages did n't vote for them to castrate the anti-graft mechanisms . 
  in fact , psd did n't talk a bit about anti-graft in the campaign . 
  so cut the talk about politicians representing the people when they do stuff in blatant contradiction to the eu values ( & sometimes , to the national and eu law even ) . 
  we 're talking different things - you 're talking about legitimate decisions , i 'm talking about illegitimate ones . 
  you are assuming that gr took legitimate ( but bad ) decisions - i am assuming there was a lot of corruption involved that nobody in greece investigated and nobody outside greece has the power to investigate . 
  you are [ wrong ] ( http://www.diritticomparati.it/2012/11/the-final-blow-to-the-hungarian-law-lowering-judges-retirement-age-struck-by-the-european-court-of-j.html ) to say that hu constitutional court solved the problem ( it only did so partially ) , and anyway , as i explained , it 's probably another case of `` too little , too late '' ; and only one of the bad things done by orban . 
  yes i do n't know the full mechanisms , ombudsman , etc. 
  i do n't doubt though that good ones can be created , if there 's the will . 
  all i say is `` there 's the need '' . 
  but that 's exactly it !, 
  a federal police does n't `` concentrate '' any power , on the contrary , it distributes it !, 
  currently , as you have well noticed , police reports to politicians , politicians report to electors . 
  if politicians can trick electors , they can get away with nasty shit . 
  we have control , but it 's loose . 
  a federal police force that reports to a federal political body is very unlikely to have a hidden agenda ( who/how would someone set that hidden agenda ? 
  ) , especially if we 're careful about what powers / / jurisdiction it has . 
  i do n't want it to become a large thing ( because the default ` hidden agenda ' of a large organisation is to become larger & more powerful ) , but i do n't want it to be toothless either . 
  so it can work well imo as a relatively small , international `` elite '' force that focuses on high-level , trans-national crime ( e.g. 
  crimes on eu funds are trans-national by definition ), 
  who are those `` unelected '' politicians that you talk about ? 
  i thought ep was elected ? 
  and ec president is elected by elected politicians ( so `` elected '' by transitivity ) , whereas the other ec members are also elected by elected politicians ( just , different ones ) . 
  how would that be `` into the hands of the unelected '' ? 
  i do n't think there 's a single member in the eu bureaucracy that has hereditary rights, 
  fuck orban because he thinks `` i have a majority '' is license to do whatever he pleases . 
  he 's elected to serve , not to be served . 
  i love the `` bureacratic police '' name . 
  come on , do tel me , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  because it 'll probably illustrate how what you imagine and what i want diverge significantly . 
  ( the name itself illustrates that already :d ), 
  i see - i think . 
  some form of `` risk of abusive behaviour '' . 
  here 's the thing - i would n't want transnational forces `` in the neighborhood '' - in other words , definitely not dealing with regular crime . 
  we can and should handle that . 
  however , greek political decisions * do * influence the german taxpayer . 
  would it really be so bad to have transnational police for that kind of stuff ? 
  even the regular greeks would like it , i 'm pretty sure . 
  even the constitution , if i 'm not wrong , is restrained by international eu treaties ( or if they are not , they should be ) . 
  country x may decide they do n't want in the eu , but can not simultaneously stay in eu and e.g. 
  amend the constitution to say that women do n't have the right to vote . 
  so the argument `` politicians are subject to constitution '' is by itself not convincing ... they are also subject to local city council decisions , but that does n't mean that the local city police is the only one who can fine them . 
  lastly - an important part is `` i want them accountable '' . 
  i want them accountable too ... but not necessarily to local people .
