  75 % of turks in berlin did not finish school or their education . 
  50 % of them are without a job . 
  source : http://www.taz.de/!5176721/ turks are among the worst ingetrated group in germany . 
  source : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c3%bcrkeist%c3%a4mmige_in_deutschland#integration if you are looking for successful intergation , you need to look at east-asian migrants who often outperform native germans by the second generation . 
  no it 's not a bad thing but the effect it is going to have is very very low . 
  western countries spend up to 30 years to make children into productive members of society and even then many fail along the way even though society payed tens of thousands of euros for their education . 
  now a migrant in his 20s from a wartorn country with almost no education from a completely different culture is supposed to be ready for western society with a couple of language courses ? 
  even the worst parts of german society have better starting conditions that our current migrants . 
  it is almost a guarentee that the migrants germany currently has will end up ( and stay for a long time ) at the bottom of german society . 
  i mean think about it you have a lot migrants that are : * poor * with pretty much no education * often with traumatic experiences * from conservative , culturally different societies if you can turn them into a positive addition for society then you have just discovered the holy grails of sociology ; you can turn pretty much anybody from a loser into a winner and within 1 or 2 generations you should have no lower class problems anymore !, 
  quick googling showed that there are around 80 to 90.000 yemeni migrants in the uk . 
  that is a very small number and just supports what i wrote . 
  you can integrate everybody if the numbers are small enough . 
  but using britain as a whole and looking at larger numbers you see this :  poverty [ edit ] according to analysis based on the 2001 census , muslims in the united kingdom face poor standards of housing , poorer levels of education and are more vulnerable to long-term illness , [ 62 ] and that muslims in the uk had the highest rate of unemployment , the poorest health , the most disability and fewest educational qualifications among religious groups . 
  [ 63 ] the figures were , to some extent , explained by the fact that muslims were the least well-established group , having the youngest age profile . 
  [ 63 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_the_united_kingdom#position_in_society, 
   yeah you can , there are a huge number of well integrated muslim groups across europe like ? 
  oh man this whole integration dialogue is utterly ridiculous . 
  it is like your cellar is flooding and the discussion is about whether to use a spoon or a cup to get rid of the water . 
  you * can not * force integration with money . 
  in fact , i see no evidence that you can integrate poor muslim migrants into a european society at all . 
  every european country with a sizable number of muslims has the same problems . 
  there are two factors to integration : * the migrant * how many migrants there are migrants that integrate well in one country , integrate well everywhere ( vietnamese , thai , korean migrants never cause real issues ) . 
  migrants that integrate poorly in one country , integrate poorly everywhere ( north africans for example ) . 
  the only thing politicans can do to improve integration is to limit migration . 
  all these laws and initiatives are there to pretend that things will be taken care of . 
  you just triggered teutonia, 
  no it 's not . 
  because the process of kicking somebody out is very time consuming and complicated . 
  what if he does not have a passport ? 
  where do you send him back ? 
  what if the country does not want him back ? 
  what if he disappears and tries to get a new identity somewhere else ? 
  if we decided to send back every refugee here , it would take years , cost millions and millions ... and that is all without due process . 
  at least for my country , i do n't see it happening for a long time . 
  way too many people believe in an unconfrontational approach . 
  things will get worse and worse and worse with incidents like this here and there and eventually it will be too late to do much . 
  we close our borders or at least introduce checks like sweden , the refugee wave in general will go waaaay down , problem solved . 
  the refugee crisis in europe is mainly because the refugees want to be german migrants and build a new live here . 
  if it were merely about being safe , nowhere near as much would travel so long . 
  i feel similar . 
  i know she was elected properly but asylum had zero play in the 2013 elections . 
  in fact her party is typically more of an cautious party when it comes to immigration . 
  you are right . 
  it 's kind of like a chicken and egg question . 
  are people with turkish background not considered austrian because they do n't assimilate or do n't they assimilate because they are not considered austrian ? 
  it 's probably a feedback-loop . 
  but ... of those who do assimilate , it is sometimes surprising to hear the turkish last name . 
  what merkel is currently doing is just terrible . 
  as you said , the eu is about countries with similar interests banding together . 
  turkey does not fit that bill . 
  it 's obvious . 
  maybe in 50 years or so . 
  just like at the un . 
  nobody gives a shit about the un because it never speaks with a single voice and can do nothing . 
  that is true but what also is true that turkish migrants in europe did n't assimilate like others and are still very much distinct from the native population . 
  just ask any 3rd generation austrian with turkish roots `` are you are turk '' and the answer will be yes . 
  now ask a 3rd generation polish or russian or hungarian `` are you russian '' and the answer might be `` nah i 'm austrian/german/etc but my grandparents came from there '' . 
  looks certainly play a role there but i do n't think it explains it all . 
  it is not their fault . 
  imagine you were in their spot , would you do something else ? 
  i sure would n't . 
  most refugees are without blame . 
  i do n't think this is what happened . 
  i think it is much more likely that the 5 african bullies were the `` leaders '' of the class and most others were afraid to be their target so they went along . 
  i 've seen these types of assholes in action in berlin too : there is just cruelty and sadism in their actions . 
  this is probably the reason why the teacher did nothing : she was afraid . 
   her motivation , who knows ? 
  she always chooses the paths with the least possible changes . 
  she did n't give greece money ( or only reluctantly ) because it would have required to do something . 
  she did n't do anything against refugees because it would have required to do something . 
  she pretty much operates on `` never change a running system '' . 
  i would bet my next months salary that we will get more conservative or right wing at least on immigration . 
  the only thing that can prevent this would be an almost 180 from merkel in the refugee topic or another major happening / crisis that would be even more severe than the refugees ... maybe a war or a huge natural catastrophe . 
  if she does not change course and refugees will still arrive in large numbers this year , she will fall over this . 
  maybe internal through a party-revolt or external by major vote-losses but it will happen . 
  my biggest concern is that merkel will cause damage to the eu while she tumbles . 
  she is already putting pressure on the other members to take in refugees and thereby prolong the crisis . 
  if she uses actual force , she might cause long term damage to the eu . 
  yeah but there are pretty much unlimited amounts of cheap labour out there for europe and among those there are endless amounts that are not muslim . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  there have been attacks on refugee homes recently in germany . 
  i do n't think germany is a safe country . 
  i also have heavy doubt about sweden . 
  we live in a world that suffers massively from overpopulation yet if a country has a declining population , it is a catastrophe that must be fixed . 
  who in their right mind would let in 1 million people with pretty much no checks even when they do n't have any papers ? 
  it is much more complicated than just `` compatible '' . 
  it is more like chemistry and you ask `` are those two compounds comptabible ? '', 
  some cause an explosion , some are some form a distinct new compound , some do n't react much at all and so on . 
  look at many east-asian communities in europe for example . 
  are they integrated in terms of being and feeling truly german , french and so on ? 
  probably not much . 
  but do they cause trouble ? 
  not really , except maybe selling cigarettes on the black market . 
  eastern europeans and russians caused quite a bit of trouble in the first and second generation but by the third generation they are mostly `` native germans '' . 
  arabs and turks on the other hand cause trouble and it is not getting better even in the third and fourth generation or it is getting better in very slow rate . 
  i thought the continued organized rape of over 1000 children was not reported for years in britain ? 
  they do have the advantage but the truth is that screening out single men from entering would be seen as far right wing in germany . 
  it is . 
  the cologne scandal is not a surprise in terms of how arab and turkish men act , the refugees are just following foodsteps .
