   we both know saudi arabia is a loaded comparison . 
  its literally theocratic . 
  uhhh so ? 
  we were literally talking about secularism so being theocratic is * exactly * what we are talking about ? 
  a theoracy is pretty much the lowest form in terms of secularism . 
  it 's like when you discuss faschism und you say `` well nazi-germany is a loaded comparison because it is literally a faschist regime '' . 
   also , saudi arabians are actually pretty poor . 
  what ? 
  that is completely wrong . 
  if you are a saudi citizen your chances of being poor are probably lower than in western europe . 
   i would consider it a problem that you expect literally every country to fit within these narrow constraints while ignoring any other factors . 
  this is why averages exist . 
  even looking at the map you posted , you can see a clear overall pattern of richer countries being more secular , and it has n't been updated for years seeing as sudan is still one country . 
  look closer at your map , stable countries like lebanon and the uae are the same color as europe . 
  there are always multiple factors . 
  i never said it was absolute . 
  i was : islam is a negative factor for secularism , much more than christianity . 
  wealth is also a factor but the correlation is imo not as strong as with islam . 
  yes , there are non-muslim countries who are not secular too . 
  i did not deny that . 
  but among muslim countries , the rate is much much worse . 
   most of the things that europe does well are done with wealth , not cultural ideals . 
  which is why colombia is much less secular than saudi arabia ? 
  that is the problem : wealth does not explain it at all . 
  even really wealthy muslim countries are not secular at all while there are rather poor countries that are pretty secular . 
  look at this map : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/religiousfreedom.png there are some really poor countries in south america yet they are much better than all the rich muslim countries when it comes to religious freedom . 
  this is similar in germany and probably the same with all turks in europe : they stick to their turkish indentity and refuse to let go . 
  if you compare that with other migrants , they are doing much worse . 
  look at 3rd generation russians , poles or vietnamese . 
  those are much much better integrated and sometimes just `` regular '' germans . 
  why is turkey and turks try so hard to stop this though ? 
  why cling so hard to your turkishness for generation after generation ? 
  other migrants eventually become more and more german . 
  my grandfather was from hungary , my grandmother from czech but i 'm 100 % german and feel no connection . 
  muslims currently have a way worse track record with secularism . 
  even the best countries like turkey rank pretty bad when you compare them with truly secular countries . 
  i think it was stupid to start the talks with turkey in the first place ... but i think the idea was to `` form '' turkey to be a country that will be able to join the eu . 
  i do n't think that the current turkey was supposed to ever enter but a future improved version . 
  what terms does the uk want ? 
  i know where this is going . 
  i will bring examples of socialist countries that failed then you say `` that is not real socialism . 
  real socialism never happened or it happened for a couple of years in some regions in spain '' . 
  why do n't you point me to an example of socialist country that does work well ? 
  the differences of the us is not anywhere near to the differences in the eu . 
   it would be in their best interest to vote far-left and pro-eu . 
  right . 
  because the age old question of socialism or not is so obviously simple and the people of socialist countries all do very well . 
  even germany is not an automatic household . 
  many were and still are not happy with greece . 
  the same goes for the refugee crisis . 
  and all that is while we get our way most of the time . 
  if there would be a major desision that goes against germany , things would get very skeptic very quickly . 
  wait , there 's free movement of labor for all countries that have trade agreements with the eu ? 
  what benefits will the uk get that will not be a mutual agreement ? 
  because the eu is one more level of abstraction between the voter and the decision maker . 
  imagine a hypothetical country . 
  people of a town vote a leader . 
  the town leaders vote for leaders of clans . 
  and the leaders of the clans vote vor the king . 
  the king makes then decisions about every citizen . 
  how much can the citizen do with her vote ? 
  okay , i will be honest : yes , i do not want a heavily muslim country in the eu given the current state of islam . 
  there are plenty of other reasons against turkey . 
  they are pretty much fighting a war against the kurdish minority right now . 
  the only reason an institution like the eu makes sense is common interests . 
  there are hardly any with turkey and most of the eu-members . 
  there are economic benefits for both but there are free-trade agreements for that . 
  we do n't need more with turkey . 
  that is the problem though . 
  who is a * real * refugee and how is just looking for a better life ? 
  we do n't know and since we let people in without any documents , we will never know . 
  for all we know , the number of fake refugees might be more than 50 % given that most arrive without any documents . 
  yes there is . 
  or tell me , why did turkey , germany and sweden take in large numbers of syrians in the first place . . including the uneducated single men ? 
  there 's hardly any benefit there and the biggest motivator is humanitarian . 
  that is not the issue . 
  it 's not like either the eu or turkey should take all the sick or all the educated . 
  if a deal like that works , both parties should do their share . 
  i think europa ( or sweden , germany , austria ) has already proven that it will take in sick and uneducated refugees . 
  yeah . 
  it is very confusing for me though why there was basically zero opposition to the deal from what i 've heard . 
  did everybody think that it will be just germany taking the refugees after all ? 
  probably . 
  it 's not part of the deal but it 's not exactly fair practice . 
  the eu could just close the borders and not let anybody in . 
  when turkey just sends the criminals and sick people while keeping the `` good ones '' , it 's just trying to fuck the eu over . 
  how about both get a fair share ? 
  i think it is also pretty sketchy to stop somebody from leaving your country . 
  stopping somebody from entering , okay that is everybodies right . 
  but with what authority can you keep somebody in your country that has not done anything wrong ? 
  did you just literally do a 180 on what the article says ? 
  the only one filtering the refugees is turkey . 
  honestly , i wonder how those numbers looked if all the people that migrated from eastern-europe and today consider themselves german would count as well . 
  i would estimate that maybe 20 % of the people i went to school with had some sort of eastern-european ancestery ( often very obvious by last name ) but did consider themselves german . 
  and i do n't mean turkish-german or russian-german but german-german . 
  no european country bans the hijjab, 
  well you just have to go to the bank and get some of that evaded tax money from all other countries, 
  it 's simply because many euro-politicians do n't want to do the dirty work . 
  it 's so bizarre how the deal with turkey is portrayed here in germany . 
  the bad thing is that it 's a deal with erdogan .
