  i mean it 's like saying `` what does white even mean , i mean there 's also very light grey and #ffffff so it makes no sense '', 
  just because it is n't cut in stone , does n't make it less real . 
  you have the same problem with black people . 
  there are some men and women who do almost 100 % look like white people but with black parents . 
  that makes the concept not fool-proof . 
  at the same time , when i say black person or white person , almost everybody knows more or less what you mean . 
  in the same way , when people say german-turk or german-arab , people know what you mean . 
  so how do you call a german without minority background and you want to convey that message ? 
  german-german , native german ? 
  it 's just a word that is missing . 
  once we agree on that word , the controversy stops . 
  if there is no thing like a french ethnic group , then why is french arab a legit phrase ? 
  ethnic group is like a group of people that broadly share looks and culture . 
  wikipedia disagrees with you : the french ( french : fran\u00e7ais ) are an ethnic group [ 28 ] [ 29 ] [ 30 ] and nation who are identified with the country of france . 
  this connection may be legal , historical , or cultural . 
  descending from diverse peoples of celtic ( gauls ) origin , later mostly mixing with italic peoples ( romans and ligurians ) , and germanic origin , which is a minority per genetic evidence ( franks , mainly in the northeast of france ) , [ 31 ] whereas the ethnonym that referred to german-speaking franks survived to be applied to modern french . 
  france was still a patchwork of local customs and regional differences in the late 19th century . 
  french people speak the french language as their mother tongue , but certain languages like norman , occitan , catalan , auvergnat , corsican , basque , french flemish , franconian and breton remain spoken in certain regions ( see language policy in france ) . 
  that 's the problem of europe . 
  unlike the usa , there are ethnically french or german or swedish people because they lived there for hundreds or sometimes even thousands of years . 
  but the same word is used to describe somebody being part of the cultural sphere . 
  in the us `` american '' does not refer to any race or ethnic group , white american , italian american , afro-american . 
  they are all equally american . 
  in europe we have this limbo of `` i 'm just as much ( culuturally ) french as you are ( ethnically ) french ! '' . 
  you can see this illustarted for my country . 
  a german-turk could say `` i 'm just as much german as you '' but what would you even call somebody without a minority background ? 
  german-german ? 
  the word `` bio-deutscher '' ( short for biological german ) has kind of creeped up in discussion exactly for this lack of words . 
   like , how can you know that a secret group exists ? 
  by definition , they are secret . 
  we are just assuming that they exist . 
  it is just basic psychology or game theory . 
  you just have to look at possible gains or loses for lying or telling the truth . 
  take a different question : `` are you a pedophile ? '', 
  why would anybody lie and say yes ? 
  there is much much more to lose to answer the question with yes than to answer it with no . 
  so it is almost certain that you will have much more people lie when they say `` no '' than the will lie when they will say `` yes '' . 
  the same principle applies to `` can jews be trusted '' but less extreme . 
   have you met people who think jews ca n't be trusted ? 
  if you do meet people who think jews ca n't be trusted , then those are not the people who * secretly * think you can not trust jews . 
  it is the same reason why often times exit-polls give wrong numbers for right wing parties . 
  people do n't want to admit that they voted for a right wing party , but people have no problem admitting they voted for the greens or the left . 
  for me `` net contributor '' kind of implies `` in raw numbers '' . 
  maybe i 'm wrong there . 
  i think virtually everybody is aware what the `` right '' answer in these questions is . 
  so if you ask `` can jews be trusted ? '', 
  and 15 % say no , you can pretty much guarantee that the number is at least 15 % because nobody will say no while secretly trusting jews while there will be many who will say yes/i do n't know just to avoid judgment by the interviewer . 
  if refugees will become permanent citizens eventually , why exactly does integration not matter then ? 
  i agree but then why do east-asians do so much better than turks or arabs ? 
  they face the same or even worse discrimination yet they are more sucessfull in school than german kids . 
  while turks and arabs do much worse . 
  and this is true for pretty much all germanic or scandanavian countries . 
  but there is a middle ground between literally gasing people and ignoring problems with the demographic . 
  i was on holiday with friends in amsterdam at 17 . 
  we arrived at like 3pm and within 30 minutes arab speaking guys tried to rob us . 
  and the end of the day , people talk about maroccans because there 's trouble with them . 
  if there was n't any real trouble , nobody would talk about them . 
  if you work , do n't bother people and the same can be said about your kids , then people do n't care . 
  well some will but it wo n't be an issue in society . 
  you are painting this a lot more one-sided than it is . 
  remember when \u00d6zil decided to play for germany rather than turkey ? 
  he got so much hate-comments from turks in germany that his comment-section of a fanpage had to be disabled . 
  it was mostly about him being a traitor and not having pure blood etc. 
  there ' a very strong current among turks and arabs not to `` loose their identity '' and stay turkish and arabs . 
  you are right , it 's much tougher when you do n't look european . 
   if europe was like the usa where everybody is accepted as american a lot of these issues would dissappear . 
  i doubt this is true . 
  for one , the us has more of a crime problem with minorities than europe . 
  secondly , there are minorities in germany that do n't look european at all and yet still do very well ... east asians . 
  i used to have a very close friend from vietnam and he is earning decent money and he got a lot of shit growing up as well . 
  well many find themselves in a certain `` limbo '' between wanting to be part of their new country and yet not being a `` traitor '' to the culture of their parents and to a position of defiance towards the culture of their new country . 
  this is gets amplified when the culture of the country of origin values pride and nationalism . 
  the numbers are still very very high and the refugees from last year are still here . 
  damn , ennen has a much better architecture than j\u00e4lkeen, 
  i think [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/utjsbup.jpg ) is how they see it for a sigificant part of the day . 
  hard to make out differences when it 's blurry . 
  i do n't have any scientific evidence but in my experience it is not uncommon at all that muslims get really conservative when it comes to their children or family doing anything `` too western '' , especially girls . 
  i would say it 's exactly the opposite of what you said : it 's actually rare for muslim girls to be `` allowed '' dating non-muslims . 
  guys have it much easier there but i think they would face similar things when it comes to straight up apostasy . 
  it is not that rare . 
  try reading some stories in / r/exmuslim many of them are in europe or in the us/canada . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  they do n't invent honor killings once they come to europe . 
  right . 
  but it is much much rarer in native european populations . 
  i would be 100 $ that the overwhelming majority of muslim men would want their children muslim 100 % no matter what religion his partner is . 
  that 's the whole family honor kicking in . 
  yeah but at least in my country meeting a devout jew is less likely than meeting a white tiger . 
  jews here are mostly ethnic jews . 
  they are really doing great with trying . 
  but they are not more german than germans . 
  that is just such a ridiculous thing to say . 
  the girl ca n't even see herself going swimming . 
  the women all wear hijab . 
  was there anything at all in there beyond learning german that made them culturally german ? 
  again , i feel it 's great how hard they try . 
  but they are not culturally german yet . 
  the muslim one is totally different from the others for me . 
  especially when it comes to dating and gender-relations many muslims do have some pretty backwards believes .
