  otherwise it is a clean `` win '' . 
  but when a european nation closes borders and refugees camp in front , it 's super terrible and a humanitarian crisis . 
  at the end of the day , the turkey-deal is just another closed border except that is is on the side of turkey . 
  turkey must contain armenian genocide really, 
  only alt-right nutters do n't consider slavs white . 
  makes me really worried about the eu . 
  gb was often the sole voice of reason against blind expansion of eu power . 
  now there 's no strong voice left . 
  jup , did n't look properly . 
  forget my comment . 
   germany has a much , much , much better education system than america . 
  if you 're not even american then this will make no sense to you and i really dont know why you 're trying to speak like an authority on a uniquely american problem . 
  why do you think i 'm talking about america ? 
  this is / r/europe in a topic about * germany * passing a certain law ? 
  of course i do n't talk about the us . 
  i have also not seen anything in the comment chain about the us . 
   no you would n't . 
  you 'd solve the problem . 
  if all fake news sites wrote `` this is all satire '' nobody would believe it . 
  of course people would believe it if they want to believe it . 
  breitbart just adds the line somewhere and all the regular visitors would know that the line is just there for protection . 
  4chan already has that line in the title and yet if you read / pol / it 's obvious that it 's not just jokes . 
   this election says different well . . the law has no effect on the us at all . 
  exactly . 
  there is no need for additional laws really . 
  child porn is exempt from free speech in germany . 
  telling lies is not . 
   that 's their fault , seeing as how the onion never said it was a real news organization . 
  you could say the same about everybody who falls for fake news . 
   the onion is not trying to pass itself off as a real news organization . 
  it 's fake news that tells you that its fake news . 
  that 's fine . 
  that 's satire . 
  i just visited the onion . 
  one first sight , you do n't see it . 
  yeah most people will realize it in little time . 
  but so do people with other fake news as well . 
  and besides . 
  then every fake news site would just have to write `` this is all just satire '' and you 'd be at zero . 
   fake news pretending to be real news is the issue there really is no issue . 
  germany has no fake news problem . 
  this whole term `` fake news '' just sprung up recently without any context and is now supposedly a big problem . 
  imo it is mostly an attempt of the government to get control over the internet . 
  i believe the overwhelming majority of people is smart enough to judge for themselves . 
  we do n't need a government task force to protect us from facebook posts . 
  it is fake news first and foremost . 
  fake news that people should clearly read as satire , sure . 
  but there have been many many examples of people that took onion articles as truth . 
  and given that the law was meant to `` protect '' people from fake news , i think the onion would fall under that . 
  like the onion ? 
  i would bet 100 $ that the attack has an islamist background but you ca n't rule out a crazy person that had other `` reasons '' . 
  or maybe the guy who accused the hero of being a terrorist ... 
  but . . right now would it even make a difference if he was just in an appartment down the road ? 
  if we have no evidence who he is , then it really does n't matter where he is . 
  of course , it 's worse though . 
  in berlin you 'd walk 2 blocks and have more dark skinned fellows than guys with pitchforks ... 
  i copy paste my answer because i think it applies here too : ethnic group is a combination of culture , speech and looks . 
  most of the time it can be substituted for `` typical '' or `` normal '' . 
  for example . 
  a german-turk applies for work . 
  he will get denied because the racist guy reading the letters ca n't stand german-turks . 
  but the guy speaks perfect german , never set a foot into turkey , drinks beer , eats pork , believes in no god . 
  so what is separating him from other germans ? 
  what exactly is it that the racist dude did not like ? 
  it 's not just race , because many turks look very much european . 
  in this case it might just be his name . 
  for a black guy with the last name m\u00fcller , it might be his looks . 
  for a russian-german the dialect . 
  combine all that and you have : they are not considered ethnical german . 
  i 'm not trying to make an alt-right point here . 
  it is obvious that ethnic groups can change . 
  in case of germany you see that by lots of ethnic germans with polish last-names . 
  but it still exists . 
  ethnic group is a combination of culture , speech and looks . 
  most of the time it can be substituted for `` typical '' or `` normal '' . 
  for example . 
  a german-turk applies for work . 
  he will get denied because the racist guy reading the letters ca n't stand german-turks . 
  but the guy speaks perfect german , never set a foot into turkey , drinks beer , eats pork , believes in no god . 
  so what is separating him from other germans ? 
  what exactly is it that the racist dude did not like ? 
  it 's not just race , because many turks look very much european . 
  in this case it might just be his name . 
  for a black guy with the last name m\u00fcller , it might be his looks . 
  for a russian-german the dialect . 
  combine all that and you have : they are not considered ethnical german . 
  i 'm not trying to make an alt-right point here . 
  it is obvious that ethnic groups can change . 
  in case of germany you see that by lots of ethnic germans with polish last-names . 
  but it still exists . 
  you are completely missing my point . 
  i do n't think that the existence of sub-groups means that an overreaching group ca n't exist . 
  like native-american people have clans and families within those clans . 
  of course i ca n't speak for france but in germany over the last year in the context of a large-scale migration and asylum debate , the term `` bio-deutscher '' has been used quite a bit . . to refer to pretty much what is more or less `` ethnic german '' . 
  ethnic group is not a 100 % set in stone concept . 
  just like `` white people '' . 
  you get the general idea but it has fuzzy edges . 
  are slavic people white ? 
  are turks white ? 
  this does not make the whole concept useless .
