  the point is not to solve the problem really . 
  one country offers help but that help is not without limits . 
  you know how many people are currently without proper food ? 
  800 million . 
  you know how many people are currently without shelter ? 
  100 million . 
  you know how many people currently are seeking asylum ? 
  60 million . 
  we can do quite a bit but we ca n't solve the problem . 
  germany ca n't as the single country in the world take in refugees without limits even if that means that some will not find a save home just like germany ca n't provide food for all people without enough and just like germany ca n't provide shelter for all homeless people in the world . 
   they 'll just go to another nation and then that nation will get angry and you have the same problem . 
  so where is the problem with that ? 
  if one country has taken in a lot of refugees and is at the limit , they should go to a different country . 
  we are not close of course but you assume that the migrants share the same demographic . 
  germany has around 10 million men under 30 . 
  if we get 1 million young men as refugees , every 10th young man will be a refugee and this is just 1 year ... and this does not factor in migrants from previous years . 
  so what is it , overpopulation crisis or shrinking population crisis ? 
  that 's the sad truth . 
  sucks for decent turks because many europeans have not exactly high oppinions of turks and arabs in europe . 
  do n't forget : merkel does not speak for every german . 
  i am german and i think we should take asylum seekers but not without limits . 
  i am actually angry that merkel thinks she has to authority to make a choice like that . 
  this will have a large impact on many regions of germany and it was mostly 1 person making that choice . 
  what ? 
  no that is totally wrong . 
  the uk is a symptom not the cause . 
  the eu needs to settle down get back to basics and then we can see . 
  this blind continued integration might actually break everything . 
  yeah just ask eastern europe about russia ... 
  again : turks that migrated to germany left their home and willingly moved to a different country with different culture . 
  therefore they should integrate and eventually assimilate . 
  kurds did not move anywhere . 
  they were there for a long time . 
  if a kurd moved to instabul , then he has to integrate as well . 
  that is not my point . 
  for kurds , it is their home for a long time now . 
  it is not right when you expect them to change at all when it is their homeland , their cities and culture . 
  then they should integrate and learn turkish for starters . 
  did the kurds immigrate to turkey within the last 50 years ? 
  they live there for hundreds of years . 
  if germany had annexed a part of turkey and demanded turks to now stop being turkish , different story . 
  but turks freely moved to germany and they can move back to turkey whenever they want . 
  the difference is that it 's the kurds homeland . 
  i 'm tired of this one-sided victim-mentality from turks in germany . 
  germany gave them more than enough opportunity to integrate . 
  nobody in germany has to starve or life on the street . 
  education is free including university . 
  in my opinion , the fault lies mostly with the turks themselves because they are almost completely unwilling to give up their turkish identity and move on . 
  if i look back at my highschool-class , there have been docents of lastnames that were clearly from a eastern-european background . 
  yet all of them considered themselves german . 
  and not polish-german but german-german . 
  my own grandfather came from hungary . 
  my grandmothers native language was czech . 
  yet i do n't consider myself hungarian or czech . 
  and there are plenty of turks who actually are fully integrated . 
  cem \u00d6zdemir for example as a public figure . 
  and i know plenty others from work . 
  and besides : what do you even want more land for ? 
  are people in russia happier than in switzerland ? 
  i doubt it . 
  yet russia has the most land ever . 
  in fact i think more land just leads to more trouble which is why we see countries splitting up instead of merging . 
  having to deal with multiple ethnic , religious groups or parts of the country that are much lesser developed is mostly just trouble . 
  merkel will be very concerned and 2 hours later she will kiss erdogans feet . 
  the oposite is true . 
  how can you expect the poor nations of this world to shrink their population if even the rich countries ca n't make it work ? 
  we can expect them to slow their growth , yes . 
  but they are supposed to decline while we consume vastly more resources per capita ? 
  no way . 
  the rich countries need to demonstrate that a decline can work , then the poor coutries might follow . 
  you know what we do know for * certain * ? 
  that is system build on perpetual growth is doomed for failure . 
  the population * will shrink * eventually . 
  we have the choice if this will be because we have exhausted planet earth finally or we can try to control it ourselfs . 
  why is everybody here so critical ? 
  it 's a good thing . 
  sex-workers are still workers and the law is part of worker-protection . 
  the same class of law that lets most of us work in relatively humane conditions and not 60 hours crawling in a mine . 
  what positive can europeans expect from the culture of afghanistan ? 
  the system is designed for people who play by the rules . 
  there are obviously major holes in the system that provoke abuse . 
  really ? 
  last number i read was 60 per day . 
  do you have a source ? 
  this makes it sound as if there 's proper control and oversight over the system , which is not true at all . 
   out of those cases , half got this `` 2nd class asylum '' permanently , and another quarter got this `` 2nd class asylum '' level temporarily . 
  i believe in the german system it 's that you get it temporarily first and then every few years they check whether the situation that gives you this status still applies and if it has been prolonged like three times then it gets turned into permanent . 
  where did you get that information ? 
  i do n't see how that is true at all . 
  the reason why the people did not leave are more like - no passports - the originating countries do n't take them back - health issues i do n't understand how there is a second level asylum at all ? 
  do you have any sources about that ? 
  from here : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/asyl#status_nach_abschluss_des_verfahrens i do n't see that there is such a thing as second level asylum . 
  once the asylum is denied , the person is supposed to leave the country . 
  it seems to me that the number is mostly a result of lack of organization followed by the practice of giving out a permenant permit after 3 years of temporary ones . 
  to me the 550.000 are evidence of major holes in our asylum system . 
  there 's hardly any intend or control at all . 
  there 's a huge devide within those . 
  some parts are very much still problem areas . 
  but there have been numerous reports of police willfully or because of lack of data-collection or time not counting crime by recent migrants . 
  remember how the police said that newyears in cologne was nice and quite ?
