  then there is the condition that any children must be brought up muslim as well . 
  it 's like my son or daughter dating a scientologist or jehovas witness . 
  sure they exist but there are also many muslim guys who do want a lot of the traditional muslim wife things . 
  much more than other religions . 
  so being segregated leads you to systematically rape young girls ? 
  i think sexual repression + cult of virginity in their home country play a bigger role . 
  i just leave this here : http://news.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/news/rights-exempt/nat-geo-staff-maps/2016/06/lgbtmap/lgbt_map_artboard%202.jpg, 
  the afd is slowly but surely becoming a neo-nazi party . 
  the refugee crisis is by far the biggest topic for me . 
  i want a much much more conservative policy there . 
  clear top limit , closed border , all that jazz . 
  but i can not bring myself to vote for them dispite them being the only larger party that want this . 
  i 'm going to vote for a small party this election . 
  i do n't think it was schulz . 
  the problem of the spd is that there is hardly any room left on the political spectrum . 
  the cdu has made a huge move to the left with their decision to let in so many refugees which was the biggest topic in germany for the last 3 years . 
  the spd , being slightly further to the left , ca n't really attack them there because any talk about being pro-refugees ( and thereby letting even more in ) is a very dangerous tactic . 
  german society is split at best . 
  i feel it 's getting more critical by the day . 
  other topics pale in that comparison . 
  we had the `` diesel-aff\u00e4re '' about german carmakers manipulating emission . 
  but that is not a big enough thing to really carry an election . 
  on the other side there 's greens and the left which already share a lot of the political ideas with the spd . 
  die linke ( the left ) just take them a step further . 
  the spd would only have a chance if the right vote was split between more parties than the cdu . 
  but there only is the afd which is a party full of crazies . 
  the left vote tough is split among greens , the left and the spd . 
  i think the spd could never have won this election unless merkel had made a huge mistake . 
  and merkel hardly ever makes obvious mistakes . 
  yeah politicians have a great track record when it comes to what they have said in the past and maybe getting into the government . 
  all black people are criminals . 
  black middle class , black working class , black men , black women , black gays , black children they can all geddit, 
  but he did n't say that . 
  he intentionally said in a provocative way , over the top kind of way . 
  and i would be okay with it if he were to accept something similar when it was about black people . 
  but i would bet 100 $ that he would never ever be cool with anything of that sort - not even half as bad - said about black people . 
  and that is what is pissing me off . 
  they preach how you should respect black people and not generalize and do n't be racist . 
  but when he talks about white people , all bets are off . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  there are more people here that hold a pro-russian sentiment than you might think . 
  i see the main advantage that it would remove a lot of unnecessary bureaucracy . 
  i do not think we are yet at a stage where we could have it set in a way that people could continue to life in a middle-class lifestyle and make working a `` real '' choice . 
  well probably none of the people who signed this treaty are alive today . 
  today the asylum system is abused for open borders so i totally understand how you do n't want to follow laws that are broken . 
  well guess what , rents and social security are also directly related to refugees because refugees look for the same apartments than low wage germans do . 
  the same goes for social security system which are more strained . 
   the questions was about the living in germany and the influence on the society . 
  unless the average person feels major negative consequences , we have no problem ? 
  well , then the ber also is no problem and the vw emissions are also no problem . 
  and global worming ? 
  ca n't feel that as well !, 
  when the average person feels a negative influence on her daily life , then it 's already too late . 
  just to give you the other side of things : i think paxan does n't speak for germanys population at large at all . 
  in fact i think the refugee crisis is maybe the most polarizing topic in germany in the last decade or more . 
  i googled about a survey and found [ this ] ( https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article163489054/im-westen-kippt-die-stimmung-gegenueber-fluechtlingen.html ) which says that 54 % of germans think that the country has reached its limits in terms of refugees . 
  no it was n't . 
  even in otherwise rather lefty / r/de there 's at least 2 articles about migration / refugees per week . 
  maybe more . 
  the refugee crisis is the single most important topic since 2015 . 
  the only thing that comes close is the emission scandal by vw . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you polled people directly they would be in favor of a hard limit for refugees like other countries have it . 
  there are strong feelings . 
  i live in berlin where you ca n't really tell because it 's normal to see a lot of migrants . 
  but when i visit my mom in a smaller city with rather few migrants , the last years brought a huge change in the people you see . 
  whereas i could go for weeks without ever seeing a hijab or black person , now you see them almost on every corner . 
  still a minority but the change is still significant . 
  because people do n't talk about politics much anyways . 
  but if they do , the refugee crisis is a big topic . 
  and you can actually see the change everywhere . 
  especially in small towns you can see the demographics changing more and more every year . 
  are you joking ? 
  refugees are still maybe the most discussed topic in media for almost 2 years now . 
  and the crisis is n't solved either . 
  we could still get 300.000 refugees this year . 
  that is a huge number that is simply not sustainable . 
  so what do you suggest we do about this giant loophole ? 
  we have a situation where all you need to do is enter the eu without papers and you can stay permanently . 
  this * has * to be fixed or else the asyl-system is nothing but poverty migration . 
  so it 's obviously a huge loophole in the system that needs to be fixed : do n't let people enter the country that can not be made to leave . 
  so that article has a totally different definition : now it is just being against some sort of elite . 
  okay . 
  but i have the feeling that if an anti-islam , anti-eu party that would not say anything about being for the pople against an elite , they would still be called populists . 
  imo populism is just a term that is used against mostly right-wing parties ( or sometimes too left wing ) that you disagree with . 
  i have never really seen it used to actually convey some sort of additional information . 
  it just means `` the author disagrees with this party '' . 
  but again , populism implies that the demands are inherently wrong . 
  most of these points can be reasonable depending on the argument behind it . 
  the definition of populism seems arbitrary for me . 
  it would make much more sense to measure the amount of propaganda that is used by various parties . 
  with that definition i see many cases where populism can be reasonable then ? 
  the only point that is clearly negative is 4 ) and 6 ) . 
  besides is paradoxic to include the demand for more direct democracy under a phrase * authoritarian * populism . 
  there was a huge shift from the early days of the refugee crisis and now . 
  at the beginning it was n't even called a crisis but everybody ( in the public ) seemed to be in a hysterical positive mood as if the entire country were to go to disneyland . 
  i still remember one well know german journalist ( anja reschke ) was talking about the media having an educational job and has to send a positive message ( about the refugees ) . 
  back then this was n't controversial and i was amazed how people did react to that . 
  she was pretty much openly advocating pro-refugee propaganda . 
  now many many more people are critical of the situation . 
  sadly , there are still way too few to suggest actions that would actually solve the problem .
