  in germany there are a lot of people who think that the best course of action is to fix the reason people come to europe . 
  so basically `` fixing '' africa and the middle-east up to pakistan . 
  easy right ? 
  the second popular suggestion is forcing the rest of europe to take more refugees which is also not fixing anything since the refugees specifically want to go to germany . 
  that is why the traveled through many other safe countries in the first place . 
  i think slowly more people realize that borders are the only thing that will truly work . 
  we can still try to fix the underlying problems in africa and mena countries but that is a job for generations with uncertain outcome . 
  she did n't just marry a terrorist because she randomly fell in love with him . 
  she went to syria to join is and then be married to of their fighters . 
   damn , i got ta call my friend from australia who had a job here in germany and then took another one in den haag and moved over . 
  she will be pissed knowing that / u/tschwib [ +1 ] says she ca n't do that . 
   okay and you think that every person from every country can come to germany for work and residency just like a eu-citizen can ? 
  that is what you are saying , right ? 
   yeah , it was written by peopel who have lived through war and ictatorship , unlike a spoiled basement dweller who thinks applying for asylum is liek wandering into a country for free . 
  go visit an asylum shelter once and talk to those people , you mgiht learn something . 
  again . 
  this all has nothing to do with my argument . 
  sure , we should take in refugees . 
  but everything has a limit . 
  that is obvious . 
  i think you know that just like i do which is why you refuse to address my point and instead insult me . 
   lol , stop making shit up . 
  i ca n't even call this oversimplification because you do n't even know enough about the situation here . 
  are you joking ? 
  a french citizen can work in germany without getting any special approval by the german government . 
  somebody from india ca n't do that . 
  what do you think schengen is ? 
   `` hurr , the constitution includes something i do n't like , i must abolish it '' . 
  yup , that 's he very definition . 
  it 's not that i do n't like it . 
  it 's a law that simply has no basis in reality anymore . 
  it was written under different circumstances . 
  right now asylum is used as a loop hole for open borders ( and yes , some of the migrants and legit refugees , many are not ) . 
  a limit on asylum seeker will happen one way or another . 
  and again , i do n't see why these laws have to be correct more than any other law . 
  they are not god-given . 
   if you do n't like many people longing for asylum , maybe try wokring for a world where they do n't have the need for asylum . 
  like not bombing their countries to shit or killing their economy . 
  we can help them and still limit the amount of people we take in . 
  those are two different things . 
  but i do n't think germany is responsible for the state of africa or the middle east . 
   whcih preferential treatment are you quoting here ? 
  you can travel to all eu-countries and work there . 
  non-eu-citizens ca n't do that  yeah . 
  found the verfassungsfeind . 
  nice argument . 
  and if the constitution said that every person on earth has the right to get a free bmw it would still be unrealistic . 
  i understand the ideas behind it but any asylum laws that allow unlimited migration are unrealistic . 
  is n't incredibly obvious ? 
  we are talking about nationality here . 
  if you are against that , then you should also be against preferential treatment of eu-citizens when it comes to employment and residency . 
  are you against that ? 
  sadly we are still far away from actually fixing the problem . 
  i think it will take another million or two refugees before the underlying problems are truly fixed . 
  i only hope that the rest of europe fixes it for is ( like they did with the first refugee-route ) . 
  said who ? 
  the constitution is not god-given . 
  i also do n't think asylum can be a basic human right if that means potentially unlimited migration . 
  for immigration ? 
  yes absolutely . 
  for example if we required high education or a job contract , then we probably would not face these problems . 
  the problem with the asylum system is , that it is currently a loop hole for open borders without any control . 
  so we ca n't really judge anybody on personal merits . 
  you do realize that such laws are currently in place ? 
  think about eu-citizens vs non eu-citizens . 
  or german citizens vs non german citizens . 
  yeah but 99 % might not be enough . 
  the base line should be the local population and not `` most don ' '' . 
  that is also misleading . 
  even in the worst regions on earth , the majority of people wo n't be murderes or criminals . 
  nobody is going to tell you that it is safe to walk around the dangerous parts of brazil with the note `` hey remember , 98 % of the people here are okay ! '' . 
  just imagine : every 100th person you walk past tries to mug you or rob you or assault you . 
  that would be hell . 
  because being sexually assaulted or mugged or beaten should be exceptionally rare or otherwise you will have to adjust your entire life . 
  you think being suspected of a crime and having committed the crime has no relation at all ? 
  that is absurd . 
  there are still many many people who see anything that resembles a german identity as straight up faschism . 
  it 's not too long ago that i was in a discussion about german culture and german ethnicity ( both obviously do n't exist !!, 
  / s ) that i was called a racist that `` will eventually get what you deserve '' . 
  something similar happened when i said that i like my culture and my country . 
  there 's still a huge identity problem and being german is seen as something weird and uncool . 
  almost shameful . 
  i would be very very careful with that image . 
  some of the stats there make no sense at all . 
  i fully expect some migrants to be way worse than others but this image is likely bullshit . 
  it is always mind-boggeling to me when many people here in germany say that people ( or specifically young men ) from mena will do some language courses and find work and then have accepted our way of live and our mentality . 
  but if you look at migrants from those countries today , even 3 generations later , the opposite is true . 
  sure it happened for some and that is great . 
  but for the majority , they have a disdain for our way of life . 
  i 'd say more people think that their way of life will eventually conquer europe than people who are adopting a european way of life . 
  i mean , i want to be wrong about this . 
  but i lived my whole life in different large cities and i 've seen it so often that i just ca n't understand how you can reach a different conclusion . 
   iirc , the number of voluntary returns to afghanistan is quite high by now as well . 
  what ? 
  i thought the exact opposite is true . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  to anybody having trouble interpreting the map : it means that in europe there are 1 people . 
  you can see it by the green color and the number 1 where green is . 
  imo if turkey stays stable and relatively wealthy , it might reach a `` true '' western lifestyle maybe sort of like italy . 
  surely much more conservative than central europe . . maybe like italy .
