  given that deportation of masses is almost impossible , most migrants will stay in germany with or without asylum . 
  80 % of our refugees have no papers . 
  we really have no idea who these people are and they can just say whatever they want . 
  and marocco will say : `` oh okay , so want to push this guy on us ? 
  well okay , can i see his passport ? 
  no pass ? 
  yeah , that guy stays with you '' . 
  i 'm sorry for your experiences . 
  but that does not explain why turks are so poorly integrated . 
  one of my closest buddies in school and afterwards was from vietnam . 
  so blending in for him was maybe even harder than for some western-looking turks . 
  i was walking with him when we were assaulted by neo-nazis who wanted to beat up a `` fitschi '' and i was a traitor or something . 
  yet he and most vietnamese do very well in germany , often outperforming germans . 
  yes , discimination sucks and we must get rid of it but i do n't think it explains alone why turks are so poorly integrated . 
  they should have tried clingon . 
  and only one survives . 
  this deal is nothing but a bandaid , how can you not see that ? 
  any other route and we got nothing again . 
  the eu needs a solution that does not depend on 3rd party countries . 
  i really hate how fucking dense top politicians are , merkel at the front . 
  i do n't think that the majority of muslim migrants think this way , no . 
  but at the same time it is also not a tiny majority . 
  if i had to pull a number out of my ass , maybe 20 % ? 
  it is definitely something that is found among the more conservative muslim migrants . 
  the general thought that it is their right to be in germany because allah made earth for everybody . 
  could be just as well be germany or poland . 
  many buildings with other styles are allover europe now . 
  there are still sane people living in germany and i believe more and more ware waking up . 
  the same thing happened in the first wave too . 
  maybe you are right . 
   it 's not something special to us . 
  no it 's not . 
  but it 's on a different level compared to the rest of society , at least in germany . 
  i also mean from a social point of view . 
  when i think about the turks i know from germany , gay is nothing but an insult and a bad one too . 
  it 's something weird / disgusting . 
  i obviously do n't ask every turk about that but i have yet to meet a turkish guy who was truly relaxed about it in real life . 
  i can not imagine living in turkey or an arab country as a gay or lgbt person . 
  there are homophobes everywhere but from my experience it is sooo much worse among turks and arabs . 
  having a gay son or brother is worse than a dead brother / son . 
  edit : for the record , i 'm not gay . 
  maybe the first sentence can be misunderstood like that . 
  i hope so . 
  but i worry that we will have another merkel-type chancellor in germany then that will try to pressure other countries to fall in line . 
  and the eu itself is pushing for it too . . straight to their own grave . 
  imo you have to understand the burkini-ban like the ban of certain worker-contracts . 
  you are not allowed to sign a contract that says you have to work 70 hours a week with no holidays . 
  this is clearly a limitation of freedom but it protects workers who would be too afraid or too desperate to ask for better or sue . 
  similarly , the burkini ban is targeted at women who are too afraid or too powerless to even complain about the police that they are forced to wear it . 
  the assumption is that the suffering of those women who are forced or pressured to wear it , weights more than the suffering of those who want to wear it but are ca n't anymore . 
  yeah everybody supports pkk bra . 
  the entire western world conspires against turkey . 
  and you why ? 
  because we hate your greatness haha !, 
  you know sometimes when the water gets cold in the shower ? 
  pkk dude fucking with ya . 
  when your kebab gets a hole and the sauce is dripping out ? 
  pkk agent did that too . 
  better give up already !, 
  did n't erdogan meet with a hamas-leader just a few weeks ago ? 
  also a sport which is practiced by millions of people with thousands of professionals counts as much as a fringe sport with zero professionals . 
  it does not mean much . 
   so is turkey 's response . 
  uhh . . no ? 
  why would you summon an official for a random ticker ? 
  it 's typical over the top reaction from turkey . 
   because she knows eu external border security is a total disaster and it 's up to tayyip to whether cause another refugee crisis . 
  tayyip would unleash those refugees from every nation on earth as soon as eu officials go against him . 
  the deal was shit from the start exactly for that reason . 
  you ca n't make deals with turkey under erdogan . 
  europe can close the border just the same , there was ne real reason for the deal except for merkels concerns about how it will look . 
   well brexiteers are a good start . 
  what did they say about turkey ? 
  the turkish foreign minister called vienna the capital of radical racism . 
  austria is n't hostile . 
  it 's a natural reaction . 
   as the examples you gave indicates , it would be pretty normal if those things came from germany , but it comes from austria instead . 
  that 's the purpose of my question . 
  what turkish govt did to austria and austrian politicians ? 
  yeah we should have said what austria did but merkel has no spine . 
  erdogan could spit in her face and she would be sorry she was in the way of his spit . 
   it goes both ways y' know . 
  europeans say `` omg they 're 80 mil muslim country , omg they border to syria iraq , omg tayyip is literally hitler . 
  '' , tayyip and his buddies respond it with their own ways . 
  there 's a difference if a random european says it or if a state leader says it . 
  find me state leader who said that and you have a point . 
  vetoing the eu bid is not super hostile but a reasonable thing to do . 
  you know what is hostile ? 
  the leader of turkey said that german members of parliament have impure blood . 
  the justic minister said they have tainted blood . 
  he demanded the imprissonment of german journalists and the deportation of german citizens . 
  the real hostility is all from turkey . 
  major leading politicians hurl the most crude insults at european leaders for months now . 
  more members in the eu also means more power for the eu . 
  more jobs , more stuff to govern and so on . 
  the eu will always push for more control over things and the eu will always be angry at attempts to stop or reverse any of that . 
  out of ~ 3 million turks , only ~ 600.000 only have the german citizenship . 
  you just said it yourself . 
  are you arguing against yourself now ? 
   most of them plan to move back to turkey when they get retired .
