on top of that germany is notorious for requiring a certificate or something on paper for every skill you have . 
  just to say the obvious : many germans do not agree with this at all . 
  the adult men carry the most guilt . 
  she was a young teen . 
  it is really easy to corrupt 14 year olds . 
  you underestimate these positions . 
  for many muslim girls in germany , having premarital sex or having a non-muslim boyfriend , is absolutely taboo because of huge pressure . 
  violence or complete cut from the family might follow . 
  this is not just some joke answer , this is what really happens . 
  at the same time you contribute to / r/watchpkkdeaths so you seem not too far removed from the people in the video . 
  people so often talk about failure of germany to integrate turks but is there actually any example of how to integrate a large amount of people from working class background from a different culture ? 
  afaik it 's the same everywhere . 
  which is the end result of integration really . 
  if you look at a lot of `` german-germans '' , they are actually migrants that were assimilated . 
  it 's the natural , healthy progression of integration . 
  the fact that this does not happen with turks , is a bad sign . 
  has she ? 
  when germany is not doing that , you instantly get stuff like `` germany has to accept its responsiblity and assume a leadership position '' or something like it . 
  the elites ? 
  the elites love this . 
  more people means more cheap labor and the very rich do n't live in bad neighbourhoods or have to deal with rising housing prices . 
  one could also say , the countries who demanded solidarity for their dept now show none when it is their turn . 
  you know what ? 
  you are right . 
  refugees will cause problems but you have to take them irregardless when they flee from is . 
  anything else is just cruel . 
  i find it more suprising that so many european countries do n't take in people from syria . 
  i mean look at is . 
  they are up there with the nazis when it comes to cruelty and you want to turn them down and send them back or what ? 
  i am very critical of poverty migration from africa or other `` just poor '' countries to germany but syria is a perfect example of what a refugee system is made for . 
  turks did not integrate well at all . 
  in fact turks in germany are among the worst integrated groups there is : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c3%bcrkeist%c3%a4mmige_in_deutschland#integration for example 42 % ( !! ), 
  of turks in berlin are without a job or 62 % prefer only turkish social contacts . 
  and honestly , that is what i experience in berlin as well . 
  in my group of friends are brazilians , israelis , germans , vietnamese but turks seem to kind of stick to themselves or other muslim people . 
  sure you have friendly contact with them here and there but real friendship does not seem to develop . 
  part of it surely is discrimination but i think many turks choose that . 
   also the majority of turks in germany is integrated pretty well well ... http://www.thelocal.de/20100512/27143 tl ; dr : when you compared turks with other immigrants , it does n't look very good, 
  maybe you are right with this issue . 
  every system would have some trouble with a higher percentage of older people . 
  maybe some more , some less . 
  hard to tell . 
  of course germany and europe in general are not big parts of the problem . 
  i think there are already too many humans on earth for a long-term suistainability . 
  we need more that a slowing of brith-rates ; we need a reversal . 
  if countries like germany and japan ca n't make it work , we know that we do not have any solution for it at all . 
  we are then doomed to be ever growing , even if it is just a small rate * which has to lead to disaster *  but for germany , a population that is n't at least stable is a massive problem . 
  the modern welfare state and its pensions rely on a large population of young workers that are taxed for the purpose of paying for the pensions of the old . 
  but this is a flaw in the system . 
   rapid population decrease is unarguably a bad thing . 
  but what we see is hardly rapid or is it ? 
  the problems that arise from a decrease are symptoms of flaws in our economic system that only functions well with ever increasing growth . 
  imo this discussion leads straight to one of the biggest flaws of the western system : capitalism is not a system of sustainability . 
   we live in a culture thoroughly influenced by a religion with damn-near identical scripture to islam , and we 're not all murdering rapists we do but after christianity went through reformation and lost its political power after centuries of war and bloodshed . 
  with islam that has not happened yet . 
   `` legitimate '' ( bullshit ) concerns about islam lol . 
  pretty much every country on earth with a sizeable muslim population has problems with islam one way or another . 
  europe has all these problems with a muslim population size of 10 % and less . 
  if we hit 20 % and more , we will have serious problems . 
  i bet this thread will again be evidence of the schizophrenic relation many people have with population decrease : most people will agree that there are too many people on earth . 
  but when a country decreases in population , it is a sign of death and decay that needs to be fixed . 
  none of the countries that decrease in population will die out . 
  germany had around 10 million inhabitants in the 16th century . 
  as long as the countries values and culture is shared by enough people , it wo n't die out . 
  just like you do n't have to worry that the bible will be lost even if 1 million copies were lost in a fire . 
  ** population decrease is a good thing for humanity . 
  making population decrease work is more important than any new ecological tech !, 
  seriously . 
  the eu never stops and thinks `` why do countries or groups band together ? '', 
  because of shared interests !, 
  in general , countries that are similar have shared interests . 
  if you just randomly add countries to the eu , you will almost certainly turn the eu into a completely useless organization like the un . 
  merkel does not have power to stop the justice system in general . 
  she does have the power in this case because the law * specifically mentions possible government intervention * . 
  i think she should have stopped the legal proceedings and then abolish the law . 
  erdogan could have still sued so it is not like she blocked a legal decision completely . 
  i disagree . 
  that particular law is specifically asking for the governments decision . 
  if you look at merkels political career you see a running theme : do n't confront , do n't change . 
  she choose again the road that gets her out of confrontation but she should have stood up against erdogan . 
  he 's an authocrat that smells how weak european politicians are , even among core issues like freedom of speech . 
  and never forget : the context of the b\u00f6hmermann-affair is the previous song from ndr that was clean political satire . 
  so what should we do then if we see 100 million refugees heading for europe ? 
   that 's simply not true , the conditions under which migration occurs and the scale of that migration are serious factors . 
  true . 
  i meant to say : i see no evidence that you can integrate a large number of poor muslim migrants into a european society at all . 
  i think i have made my point clear but to rephrase it : the discussion is ridiculous because it assumes with the right set of laws and enough money , integration will succeed . 
  nobody has figured it . 
  not the uk , not sweden , not the netherlands , not austria , not france , not belgium . 
  then you read an article or follow a tv-discussion and you hear the phrase `` now we have to focus on integration '' * as if anybody had an idea how to do it !, 
  * politicians tap in the dark and yet go `` do n't worry people , * this * law will fix it ! '' . 
  if you look at ( the few ) countries that are doing integration well , like canada , then you see that they are very strict with who they take in and they control how much they take . 
  that is the only reasonable evidence of working integration . 
   sounds to me like you do n't believe integration is possible , for these people , under any circumstances whatsoever . 
  yes . 
  the two main factors in integration are how many migrants are coming and what migrants are coming . 
  everything after that is not nearly as important . 
   i imagine many people share this belief , therefore they are against the law , therefore making the chances of integration even smaller , which will lead to more anger/segregation/agitation , which seems to be the end-game here . 
  i am not against the law . 
  it 's probably a good thing but it will not chance anything .
