we in germany also had a leader try to get over 50 % of the votes . 
  when he couldnt , he was still salty about it but just took all of the power anyway . 
  when erdogan replaced everyone that could actually do something against him he installed a failsave . 
  this referedum simply exists to make the transfer of power look better to other countrys . 
  if it fails it will still happen , but the repercussions will be higher . 
  i feel like they just shut down as soon as somebody says anything negative about erdogan . 
  to them he seems more or less like a part of their religion . 
  questioning him to them is like spitting on the quoran . 
  it seems like to some he cant possibly do anything wrong , because erdogans actions define what is right to them . 
  and thats the scary part . 
  i feel like they * do * understand the severity of the referendum and chose to vote yes , because the solutions he offers sound so easy . 
  `` oh right , all those problems are absolutely the other guys faults , so if we just keep them out and do our own thing it will all be good again !, 
  europe is the baddie that is doing everything thats wrong with the world '' instead of actually having to deal with those problems . 
  right now inside the spd there are a lot of people set on doing not letting another grand coalition happen . 
  if the cdu gains more votes and the choice is grand coalition or opposition there might be another vote inside of the spd like last time - but this time im fairly confident that the decision would be made against another grand coalition . 
  in a world in which the csu would have the upper hand on the cdu i could actually imagine them pushing for this coalition . 
  i cant imagine any other 5 % + party other than fdp/csu even thinking about that . 
  i think in the end its impossible to say which way to deal with modern day leaders on their way to dictatorship is . 
  there is no way to possibly imagine all the repercussions . 
  its not even really possible to deny it anymore . 
  there was the equivalent to the reichtags-fire , there was the getting rid off the opposing partys by calling them terrorists , imprisoning people that critizize the government , establish a `` us vs them '' mindset by calling every other country names and in the end getting rid off all negative press . 
  and now they are literally voting on him getting the power over everything . 
  fair point . 
  but i think it is very important to differ in how successfull those projects were . 
  post ww1 germanys treatment in some ways lead to ww2 , because the treatment just fueled the right wing populists follower-base and east germany was rather a mess . 
  atat\u00fcrk must be spinning in his grave right now . 
  this is a really difficult situation for the entire continent of europe , but i am glad that not all efforts towards making turkey a developed democratic eu country are thrown out of the window . 
  in my opinion its best to just put them on hold right now . 
  i sincerely hope that the situation gets better for you guys . 
  demagogues help noone - they just lay down the problems , dont offer solutions but make whoever their enemy is responsible and use the hatred against whoever they make responsible to their advantage . 
  america is just way more conservative than central europe . 
  i think if a country has been so torn apart by war but build up again by hard working people that dont easily forget what happened and why it happened then there will probably be a `` live and let live '' mindset . 
  at least thats how i feel about the majority of germany . 
  genuinely dont know more about exceptional pro eu candidates more than macron , van der bellen and schulz . 
  hows the situation in the netherlands and do you have the same alt right movement-momentum ? 
  thanks !, 
  i dont want a front national . 
  we had the nationale front in germany and everyone in this world knows how policies of hate on religions and political isolation that turned into expansion ended here, 
  because i want a united europe and i look down on demagogues that are trying to blame minorities and the eu for everything . 
  sounds like a big relief , i am very worried about the anti-eu train so many are riding and thing that a europe with van der bellen as austrian president , macron as french president and hopefully schulz as german chancellor could reach so much more , 
  ive often heard that while le pen is ahead in polls , there is no way that she can win the second round . 
  could you give me a quick rundown of the french presidential election system ? 
   german hoping for macron to succeed here !, 
  * knocks on wood *, 
  jokes on them , political parties and candidates that are for a stronger eu are rising in polls . 
  they are even incompetent when it comes to weaken the eu . 
  the majority of russia is still in asia . 
  nevertheless , after all those years of europeans getting closer with russia again , hoping that even though human rights were not exactly followed in russia , most hope for russia to become a part of the european society died when they went aggressive in the ukraine . 
  fear of estate agents is a completely irrational fear . 
  well technically screwing over the ukraine would be more betraying europe than the eu . 
  so i went with that . 
  i hope so . 
  with van der bellen ( that was his name , right ? ), 
  having won the elections in austria and being very pro eu , it would be an immense chance for europe if the pro eu french candidate won and if martin schulz spd won in germany . 
  she is no fool , just a traitor to europe , france and an insult to everyones intelligence . 
  i dont remember where i saw it , but i remember seeing a parliament member ( ? 
  not sure , lets just say it looked like a british politician in the parliament ) telling the others in the room that while the british people gave them permission to trigger the brexit , but not for this shitshow they were doing some days ago . 
  i dont remember what he said exactly , but it was pretty much this message with a better choice of language . 
  what would you say are the controversial points about her ? 
  one would probably be the state visit to trump and immediately inviting him to meet the queen , right ? 
  thanks for your comment , i am grateful that in the times of globalism we can not only see things from the outside , but can also get into contact with the average joe to get multiple points of view . 
  on the one hand i am glad to see that the uk population is moving more towards a pro-eu stance , but on the other hand it is really sad to see theresa may acting like a very anti-eu prime minister . 
  since you appear to be a brit - what is the public opinion on her ? 
  i heard that there were uproars and protests when she appeared to be building a stronger bond to the trump administration by being very anti-eu . 
  are there real chances of her getting thrown out of office if the british people protest enough or can she just continue to ignore protests and petitions without facing any consequences outside of lower odds of reelection in the future ? 
  done !, 
  sorry took me some time . 
  i sent a huge wall of text to op . 
  if you want i can send you the same message and id be happy to answer your questions to the best of my knowledge . 
  heyyyyy again , super for the super late answer , i sent you a pm as it would have been a pretty huge comment . 
  if someone is interested i can send them a copy/paste of my message to ebilsmurfs , but prepare for a wall of text, 
  i think it is important to bring across the message that a ) the national heritage is not lost b ) culture will allways be changing and therefore c ) we have the chance to create a new , a better culture for our children . 
  green party working with the cdu on this level sounds unlikely to me , honestly . 
  schulz wont accept cdu , noone would accept afd as partners . 
  there could be reelections . 
  ill save this quickly to answer it better when i get home tomorrow evening . 
  one good tool that comes into my mind right now is the `` wahl-o-mat '' - a tool that lets you answer relevant questions and shows you which party you have the most in common with etc ( based on all parties having amswered the same questions ) . 
  id imagine , as most things in germany , there should be an english version of it . 
  added to that im very very positive merkel and the whole cdu would rather step down and work as opposition than having to work with the alt right afd for example . 
  the spd chances this year are very real imo , because they have good relations to other successful left parties . 
  breilib\u00fc might very well become the ruling coalition even if cdu gets the most votes . 
  as a german schultz is the first candidate that shares so many visions and goals with me . 
  towards europe we go !, 
  right wing populism destroyed germany before - it will not be allowed to happen again . 
  most germans are pretty aware of that . 
  i think as it stands the eu doesnt really want the uk in anymore . 
  also the euro will be a lot more stable than the pound after the brexit . 
  yes , i think the ukraine learned this the hard way . 
  maybe the aftermath of the brexit will cause a revolution that ends with you being a part of europe again , who knows what the future holds for us !, 
  i see where you are going , but i feel like it mostly are the older citizens that grew up without the internet connecting them to people all over the world that are afraid of losing their national identity . 
  i agree that you can not force this integration without the will of the people , but i feel like europe needs to up the speed of its union and leave those countrys outside that are trying to stop the political union . 
  such as the uk . 
  with russia testing how far they can go without bigger repercussions and a right wing populist being potus it is my sincere belief that we * need * to work together . 
  while the cultural parts of countrys will start to fade there will be a new culture that our children and our childrens children will grow up with, 
  then great , lets let them leave and get it over with . 
  what the european union needs the least is a part of it working against its goal , because they are just there to nitpick the best benefits of the alliance . 
  no , i think it is nessesary . 
  of course it might cost the richest of the european states to help out the weaker ones , but in the end unity brings strength and unity brings equality . 
  europeans that grow up in this age stop identifying themselves as being german , french or belgis as much anymore - we are european . 
  some even just identify themselves as citizens of the earth , because the internet brings us all together .
