  it is my guilty pleasure . 
  i am afraid to quit right away , because i feel i will need more than 2 years to make my company sustainable . 
  ( and i do n't want to be forced to join the workforce at some point ) just out of curiosity - what does your company do ? 
  good luck to you too !, 
  and good luck to op !, 
  we are all going to be fine as long as we collectively fight the corruption in the country . 
  actually if you are making decent living , live can be pretty awesome in bulgaria because of the low prices . 
  i am working in it and making $ 1500/month . 
  my plan is to `` retire '' for 4 years in 6 months and just try to make my own it company in this time . 
  i simply can not imagine this being possible in another country . 
  ( btw my rent is $ 75/month , i cook a lot and do n't go outside much - so food is about $ 150/month ), 
  it does n't seem to have any geographical correlation ... or any correlation whatsoever ... how can we interpret the data ? 
  regarding 4 . 
  as an it guy - it is perfectly possible for electronic voting to be anonymous . 
  regarding 5 . 
  the subsidies is the legitimate way for the parties to have structures and support staff and therefore - create policies . 
  otherwise they will need this money from somewhere else ( mafia and big companies ) which makes them more biased . 
  ( oh , you are not voting the correct way ? 
  no subsidies for you ! ), 
  also a left-leaning party will remain without money because you do n't expect the poor to have money for them , right ? 
  regarding 2 . 
  this would be a disaster . 
  this would mean that the mafia needs to invest less in politicians in order to gain control of the legislation . 
  hey , computer science is hard . 
  give it time . 
  come here guys . 
  we love you . 
  come to bulgaria , 
  you went here but did you stayed here ? 
  i doubt they stayed for the parties ... 
  i do n't think they stayed for the wilderness either . 
  i 'd say boza is really underrated . 
  every bulgarian loves it . 
  every foreigner hates it . 
  i am drinking boza right now . 
  another thing . 
  i hear foreigners being at awe and listing `` the wilderness '' as their # 1 reason to stay in the country . 
  i hear it all the time `` bulgaria is so wild bla bla bla '', 
  yes . 
  it does n't . 
  love & dating is a big mistery to me . 
  perhaps it is related to the fact that girls like a little challenge and us guys should n't just make themselves available so easily  usually the more interested you are , the worst ... 
  but i do n't know maybe it is age-related . 
  well in my experience this does n't work at all . 
  showing interest in a girl usually drives them away . 
  good tip for dating . 
  bad tip for health . 
  does this actually work ? 
  just carry a rucksack or a fabric bag with you every time you go to the store . 
  bonus if you have the rucksack : soooo much easier to carry and your hands are free !, 
  thank you for that , 
  humanacist !, 
  alternatively : humanist, 
  i hope we find engineering students on europa . 
  but then he must be given a `` saint '' status for his work catching demons inside the church !, 
  someone should photoshop this . 
  these symbols are so small ... how come you guys can read them ? 
  maybe you guys always browse the web with 150 % zoom ? 
  pretty accurate if the sea levels keep rising . 
  whoa guys you are super pro ... you even put islands in there . 
  i only remember the general sausage shape . 
  wierdly enough the bulgarian party most connected with the mafia and russian interests is inside the alde group . 
  if only i could vote for them i would too . 
  bulgaria borders both of them . 
  yeah , erdogan is not even trying ... 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i hope this does n't turn into waves of violence . 
  stay safe brothers . 
  exactly . 
  12 % of the people in bulgaria are muslim , still we have n't seen anything like these attacks . 
  [ even though our communist leader tried to forcibly change the turkish names to bulgarian ones from 1984 to 1989 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revival_process ), 
  the glexit, 
  ah ... if only one word can explain it ... 
  i am afraid it is complex socio-political-geopolitical-historical problem . 
  like the city of bielefeld . 
  only nationalists want to anschluss . 
  normal people in the country are happy with the status quo . 
  plus it would be incredibly impractical . 
  yep . 
  i find it silly that people get so emotional about it . 
  the maps are supposed to be funny . 
  take a fucking joke ... 
  this map is so unbalanced ... ( shhh ... this is the real reason why turkey is not in the eu ), 
  looks like a fun strategy game map . 
  it makes sense , because often homophobia is linked to suppressed homosexuality . 
  if so mods should put `` misleading title '' . 
  no worries , i do n't have thumbnail ... was surprised . 
  huh ... what about all the brits occupying our beaches ? 
  i find german super cute . 
  troll a sounds like the name of a really good troll . 
  i just had 5 seizures . 
  we can use boats for these places :d, 
  because bulgaria stronk !, 
  we do n't need bridges with the uk gone ... 
  can we see data for ee ? 
  the question is ... again ? 
  as in `` we were pretty clear about acta , no ? '', 
  why are they even trying again ... ? 
  maybe some of them were not very political before the referendum , but then realised how important it is to fight for your future . 
  learning should n't be labeled stupid .
