they torpedoed him to russia . 
  the feeling is not mutual . 
  i hope you are not offended , but this talk about `` mutual hatred '' sound to me like a teenage boy/girl . 
  they often have unrealistic views of others and see the world in black and white . 
  i do n't know about the others , but bulgarians do n't hate you . 
  ( except for small far-right minority ) i am relatively sure other nation states are indifferent too . 
  this is a media controlled by big mafia boss deyan peevski . 
  i can not read it because i installed an extension in my browser that prevents me from going to such sites , but if i were you i would take everyting written there with a grain of salt . 
  or perhaps a pinch . 
  do you guys really believe that everyone hates you ? 
  do you guys really hate everyone ? 
  hmm ... perhaps you are right . 
  i am not ranking or comparing them . 
   full-blown ~ ~ civil ~ ~ war ftfy let 's not kid ourselves here . 
  someone is downvoting everyone in this thread ... 
  weird thing is , i am not proud about history , battles and such , but this was amusing and i am a little bit ... flattered about it . 
  op , can you give us some insight why it is important ? 
  confusion intensifies . 
  is this from a kids tv show in the uk ? 
  i do n't understand this , 
  i like the progressive pro-eu russians here in / r/europe . 
  you guys give me hope . 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
  i did n't noticed that the road at first and thought : `` why i am watching a photo of a gate ? '', 
  i thought they sell furniture ? 
  it turns out i bought my desk from a restourant ... 
  when i moved to sofia , i was shocked of the way they talk here . 
  it took me a while to get used to it . 
  on vacation . 
  i like the attitude of spanish women . 
  if they like you , they do n't hide it . 
  they look at you . 
  i like it . 
  i was aware of the stereotype about romania , bulgaria and hungary ... but slovakia ? 
  whaat ... also , about 3 % of the population of bulgaria are roma , so you can say we are a little bit gypsy . 
  not a bad thing considering there are good/bad hardworking/lazy people everywhere and every ethnicity . 
  the problem with roma people is the social structure of feodal mafia boss controlling the diaspora . 
  yes , i understand written text , but not speech . 
  maybe i should have articulated my thought better , 
  i am from varna , currently residing in sofia . 
  macedonian and bulgarian are almost conjointed twins . 
  however i understand almost nothing of macedonian while they understand almost everything in bulgarian . 
  how do you even work , language ?? 
  edit : i do n't understand speech . 
  edited . 
  which countries does the kingdom of the netherlands border with ? 
  it would be so funny if jebus answers with something like : `` ghent is bigger . '', 
  are you referring to tag pro ? 
   nationalists claim it is too nationalistic wait . . what ? 
  denmark nationalists should up their game . 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  c'mon people chant with me . 
  yes . 
  they are 10 % of the population . 
  also , the nicest people i know . 
  why is he `` reddit famous '' ? 
  what did he done ? 
  not only italia . 
  all far-right neo-nazi parties in europe are pro putin . 
  in bulgaria too . 
  one of the ruling party is the party of the ex-communist . 
  our grandpas and grandmas are voting for them out of nostalgia for their youth , out of loyalty ( i guess it is a stockholm syndrome ) or for some other reason . 
  they are corrupt , inept , stupid . 
  they push us to russia and out of the eu . 
  how is that not to hate ? 
  the other party is the party of the ethnic turks . 
  constant fear , ( scaring them with the nationalists ) and shady practices ( vote buying , either directly with money or through services ) . 
  many people believe them , other are scared of them . 
  they control huge parts of the media and court in bulgaria . 
  the nationalists are just crazy , homophobic , racist , xenophobic , conspiracy theory nuts . 
  did n't made one constructive decision in the 10 years they were in parliament . 
  the previous government was * more or less * a coalition between this three parties . 
  no country is `` mature enough '' if you judge it by the stupidest members . 
  in europe neighbouring countries were at war for centuries . 
  ` history ' is innocent , it is history teacher 's fault for that sentiment . 
  i guess it is a ` meh ' attitude . 
  do romanians seriously think we are gypsies ? 
  ( not that i have anything against them . ), 
  or maybe it is a joke that i am missing . 
  why romania ? 
  why ??? 
  i thought we are besties ? 
  * sniff *, 
  you are thinking in black and white . 
  recognition of palestine does n't mean `` hating jews '' . 
  why do you think it is biased ? 
  go go bulgaria ... being the first in backwardness again . 
  whoa . 
  i did n't even heard about that . 
  and i am active protest-goer . 
  are people still pissed with aladdin ? 
  i was in shock when i learned the news last week . 
  but holiday season is ov ... oh . 
  whoa ... 
  i never thought of that . 
  thank you . 
  thanks , 
  how can i get a flair ?
