  i ca n't find an explanation in the sidebar  thank you in advance . 
  i would n't count gerb pro-eu . 
  they voted against the right of europeans to buy bulgarian land . 
   \\ btw , how to get my fliar ? 
  i ca n't seem to find an explanation in the sidebar . 
  i will vote for rb , because they are the only pro-eu party out there . 
  they have very good candidates for parliament . 
  if you are in doubt for whom to vote , pm me and i may offer some help  / i am not a member of the party , just a sympathiser /, 
  this is the first time i see bulgaria in the green ... 
  i am bulgarian and i find it hilarious . 
  but i will not be amused and will probably just correct you  better luck next time , 
  i like how the news in spain have only two sections : politics and corruption :d, 
  i think we should care as they do n't have equal rights . 
  but the haters are crazy . 
  one theory suggest that their hatred is rooted in the fear of being a homosexuals themselves . 
  i call dips on germany . 
  i loved `` das boot '' . 
  have you watched it ? 
  this game becomes easier each year as new countries pop up . 
  there are no stereotypes about bulgaria . 
  as far as i know people do n't know shit about us . 
  is this even a thing ? 
  people believing spaniards are blond ? 
  in bulgaria it is : `` the thief says : ` catch the theif ! ' '', 
  never heard of this countries . 
  do they have like ... governments and such ? 
  you do n't even border poland . 
  what is up with this big acceptance rate for bulgaria ? 
  well , why do n't you enter politics , then ? 
  it seems there is a niche for nice , honest and smart politicians . 
  yeah , what gives ? 
  good point . 
  except for spain ... what is going on ??? 
  / the rain in spain falls mainly in the plain ... /, 
  i do n't get the joke ... 
  well , why do you think they have so many in the first place ? 
  this is very admirable of you . 
  we need more people like you . 
  i am in the civic sector myself . 
  i wish you luck . 
  just one question . 
  what are you doing to `` leave the world better than you found it '' ? 
  just one question . 
  how are trying to make the the world a better place ? 
  i know that greece is scared of drafts  * wink-wink *, 
  yep . 
  mcdonalds did it . 
  easier said than done . 
  its hard to find many thousands of people willing to research boring regulations , search for information , fight corruption , report illegal activities , participate in decision making , etc. . . 
  it is a very slow process . 
  the so-called '' [ revival process ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revival_process ) '' . 
  damn , i feel ashamed and i did n't took any part of it . 
  - because they will be 30 years younger . 
  ( and probably getting laid . ), 
  - people have the tendency to romanticise the past . 
  - some of these people were actually well-off ... the ones that benefitted from the social structure or in other words - the political elite . 
  applying the laws of physic to historical/social/psychological / etc. 
  things is not the way to go . 
  if everything could be explained with physics we would n't need all these sciences . 
  pff 1014 was i a long time ago . 
  did you forgot the balkan wars ? 
  i will go with greece . 
  i want that see shore . 
  do n't forget that every week yet another bulgarian finds cure for cancer , but big farma shushes it away ... alternatively we invented perpetuum mobile several times already . 
  god , i hate our inferiority complex . 
  can we just be proud of our people , food , spirit and wisdom ??? 
   a wealthy and respected country ukraine right now : ; _ ;, 
  your father is interested in politics ? 
  why would he kill his own daughter/son over such a fact ? 
  did you check under the bed ? 
  you are fine . 
  he is referring to ataka and bsp members . 
  i agree . 
  to add to the thread : i shave armpits but i do n't follow a schedule ... more of a `` now seems a good time to shave them ... '', 
  so all these people that die/contract aids are just ... faking it ? 
  33 % of the population of swaziland ? 
  actually this is due to the overwhelming amount of trolls . 
  imagine your facebook feed filled with shitty content ( all baby pictures for example ? ), 
  you will either restrict all baby pictures or delete facebook . 
  the website just decided that they can not fight with the trolls and disabled the comments section entirely . 
  how can they enforce it ? 
  yeah ... no one is taking that role from turkey . 
  technically this comment makes you a vocabulary nazi . 
  not at all in bulgaria . 
  eastern europe loves germany . 
  seriously , just by reading online forums under news articles i would never guesses that my fellow countryman ask google such sensible questions ... 
  whoa , they make sense actually . 
  which gives some credit to the whole study . 
  can you share the code ? 
  agreed !, 
  let 's do that !, 
  who is in ? 
  guys , everyone vote for the uk so they stay in the eu , okay ? 
  it does n't make sense though . 
  if putin was the target , why poroshenko is also a target ? 
  me too, 
  this was the most comprehensive documentary on the topic i ever watched !, 
  exactly !, 
  my biggest expense are technical books . 
  i can uh ... find them for free , but i prefer to buy them .
