* that * thing is just a flimsy piece of paper . 
  it has no power over anyone that chooses not to follow it . 
  countries like saudi arabia are important allies and as such , no-one bats an eye as they give absolutely zero fucks about human rights . 
  europe is far more important . 
  this agreement means nothing if the people choose to suspend it . 
  as a matter of fact , the islamic world has their own barbarized version of the agreement to fit their religion . 
  we can not be allowed to treat with the middle-east as we would treat with europe . 
  whether or not doing so is a good idea i do not know . 
  i obviously would mean to dump them back on their shores . 
  if i was in charge , i 'd leave them in the water to sink or swim to make a message , but most people dont want that . 
  i just want our borders closed completely and every illegal ejected , dumped on a raft in international waters if need be . 
  we are n't even in the eu , yet we are still in this unnecessary mess . 
  the issue is that in a society where children wont take care of their elders and the expected welfare far superseded anything any average person can hope to earn in their life , sustainability does n't exist . 
  it 's a `` pyramid '' scheme were we continuously need growth to be sustainable , even when the growth itself is n't sustainable . 
  at some point , it must crash . 
  either in on itself , or from outside influences . 
  if you sink two , smugglers wo n't want to invest and the immigrants wont want to risk it . 
  just poke a hole and fish up the people if you must . 
  one word to google ; `` krekar '' norway is n't working . 
  i mean , their logo is a classic [ meandros ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meander_ ( art ) ) symbol . 
  predating the nazi use of the swastika by 2000 years , it 's about as ridiculous as calling the buddhist symbols `` nazi '' . 
  not * always * . 
  most people just did n't enjoy that one time when it did place its people first , 
  dumb luck ? 
  there is no dumb luck . 
  this kind of anger sounds almost like jealousy . 
  my ancestors herded reindeer , when that was the best way to survive and thrive . 
  they fished , as you say . 
  lumber industry , copper mines . . you do the best you can to make your life and your descendants lives as good as possible . 
  that 's what matters the most . 
  there 's no luck involved . 
  i was either born who i am where i am or not at all . 
  of course you can take pleasure and pride in the accomplishments of your ancestors . 
  they did what they did not only for themselves , but for their descendants , too . 
  for you . 
  for me . 
  for all of us . 
  not being prideful of your ancestors and your past is to shame them , to disrespect them . 
  disrespect their sacrifices and their work . 
  it 's not just kicking dust at their memory , it 's smashing their tombstone apart with an hammer and pissing on their final resting place . 
  there is no luck in where you are born . 
  none . 
  if you are in poor conditions , you can only blame your ancestors , not some mystical goddess of fortuna - and the same goes the other way around . 
  no-one got wealth and welfare for free , at some point someone struggled and bled for it so you would n't have to . 
  and you have all the right in the world to lavish it and protect it . 
  not just for you , but for your descendants too . 
  really ? 
  sweden and denmark has no oil , i 'd think we 'd be doing mostly the same as them without it . 
  we have other industries too , it 's not like we 'd be eritrea without it . 
  oh yeah , of course . 
  with sami heritage too , the `` everyone was immigrants '' argument really does n't apply to me , and many other scandinavians , but i still think my point is relevant . 
  back when `` we '' were immigrants , we had to fight and struggle . 
  there were no charity donations or warm welcomes , no open borders and transport . 
  no-one to save you if your escape vessel capsized in the sea . 
  it 's a terrible way to compare . 
  when we were immigrants , we were settlers . 
  these are leechs . 
  our ancestors were immigrants too and they * made it * . 
  there were no-one there to welcome them and coddle them . 
  as a matter of fact , many of them were actually opposed by others , but still struggled through and came out on top . 
  we should n't give away our heritage . 
  norway if you are poor . 
  i 'd much rather be a millionaire in russia , though . 
  obligated to vote norway , but belarus , poland or hungary would be nice . 
  particularly belarus or poland . 
  germany had a very successful and functional system like that . 
  it worked wonders and brought much happiness and family values , population growth and welfare . 
  modern germany would never do ** anything ** the nazis did . 
  ship in more muslims !, 
  once germany refused to dance to the bankers tune . 
  twelve years later , everything was burning and the country was filled with soviets . 
  better luck next time , eh ? 
  do n't you remember the last time a western nation broke free from the international banks ? 
  stop those thought-crimes immediately before the soviets invade again !, 
  wo n't stay ? 
  if the eu builds a camp and put them there , they * will * stay there or return to their home country . 
  take fingerprints , maybe dna samples , keep it strict and let none through . 
  we have more than enough resources , it 's only a matter of will . 
  * insert any ideology here * has caused millions upon millions of death and suffering throughout history . 
  quite a significant amount of material damage was due to scorched earth , which was a requirement - you do n't leave resources for the enemy , no matter what . 
  even if the germans had n't razed the infrastructure in the north , the soviets would likely have looted it . 
  there is a common joke that goes something like so ;  the local german garrison needed to borrow the towns horse to move a artillery piece . 
  they filled out the paperwork , took the horse , came back with it on time and made sure the paperwork was correct . 
  then the soviets came , took the horse , and it was never seen again . 
  the germans were n't any less humane than any other people . 
  there was a large amount of relationships ( that was ostracized and harassed severly after the war - who 's humane now ? ), 
  and in most places the germans were friendly with the populace . 
  sharing candy with local children and helping out the locals etc. 
  in my local garrison , where there was indeed pows , they were * forced * to work in the local farmers fields . 
  they were punished if they tried to steal . 
  they were fed and had shelter . 
  certainly this does n't mean it was nice everywhere , but this view that the nazis were pure evil and the german invaders terrible human beings has to end - i 'd take a german invasion a hundred times over if i never had to host a invading us or soviet army . 
  want war crimes ? 
  they 've got it . 
  germany caused ww1 and ww2 ? 
  next thing you 'll tell me the us liberated europe , 
  the second world war ? 
  here in norway , we focus on our '' * victories * '' . 
  that is , blowing up innocent norwegian people to stop a irrelevant heavy water shipment to germany , and some radio transmissions to help the brits sink the tirpitz . 
  after 70 years of propaganda , the germans were devils and the allies were the chosen people of god .
