cuckland loves attention thats for sure, 
  i disagree the allies liked the will you destroy the ussr like the nazi had . 
  i dont picture the allies to make there soldiers fight in a stalingrad kind of battle and the soldier actualling doing . 
  the allies soldiers didnt hate the soviet nearly as much as the nazis !, 
  because as we saw in real life the soviets were not very good at defending and survived only because of genral winter but when they went on the attack ... well we all know what happen then, 
  i was never talking about ussr in land size i was saying that a war against the soviets would definatly not be smaller, 
  the soviets had a large population and military than german so how would the war be smaller ? 
  how would a war with the ussr be any smaller than a war with german ? 
  ussr = smaller ... 
  does not compute, 
  stop stop !, 
  i can only get so erect, 
  you defending one evil empire from another , both commited atrocities on the each others civilians, 
  no but the nazi did start it, 
  and what of the citizens of warsaw , kursk , stalingrad and many more cities, 
  ah yes those poor innocent nazis what had they done to deserve such behaviour / s, 
  m8 i am british and i love my country , but there isnt a chance in hell we could of beaten the nazi alone ... hell even uk and the usa together wouldnt of been about to defeat the nazi with out the ussr or atmoic bombs, 
  back to hollywood and cod with you, 
  yes but we are the finest cunts in the land, 
  day dook our jobbbbssss !!!, 
  exactly, 
  all da living space, 
  i believe a few may of been, 
  and once the most powerful man on the planet, 
  never surrender, 
  or the second ... but you got closer, 
  someone is looking for some civilisation, 
  good idea its as genius as cutting off your nose to spite your face, 
  and we have no requirement too the falklands wish to remain british and that all there is to it, 
  warhammer 40k is never something we should be looking up too, 
  oh shut up cuckland dont you have some heroine to take, 
   i. . its only banter mate, 
   hur dur i was mearly pretending to be retarded ftfy, 
  how do you work that out, 
  but france and the netherlands are european, 
  we gave the last person who tried it a royal spanking ... 
  eventually, 
  a `` supposed '' months income over 4 years or staying on a sinking ship ... 
  damn what a really difficult decision !, 
  you must be fully deluded if you think sovereignty is something bad . 
  `` i tell you what , im going to live in your bedroom and your house so budge over as you dont have a say in the matter '' is that something you think sounds like a good idea ? 
  whats it like living in your world ? 
  if the eu was competent most of those `` crises '' wouldnt even of occurred, 
  and we dont want to be in either, 
  stop talking out your arse , just because the uk is thinking of leaving doesnt mean it wants to be an empire its just wants to have more say in its own affairs stop posting your strawman nonsense, 
  its not called british petroleum anymore its just bp, 
  im sure we could make it up from the money we would save, 
  no thanks we enjoy living in a functioning economy, 
  but thats the point of nukes its a force multiply for your armed forces, 
  military power isnt the measured by numbers man , otherwise north korea would be one of the most power nations on earth . 
  france could disband its entire army and russia wouldnt win a war aginst france as france can just nuke every russian city and cause a mad situation, 
  because dude weed lmao, 
  largest army , sure most powerful , meh debatable really, 
  you 're the one who has given up, 
  you 're the one who has given up, 
  you tried to catch me out and you failed , and even if you were right our elections are still more democratic than the eu, 
  pity for you as i live in witney, 
  no they are not i was never given a piece of paper they says `` which of these men should be eu president '' so they are unelected, 
  donald trusk and jean paul jancker or whatever their names are, 
   undemocratic unelected officials  bloated ca n't make a simple decision with out months and months of debates  inefficient , ineffective see above  weak pls turkey we will give you all the money you want just deal with this problem for us !!!!, 
   bendy bananas look it up, 
  undemocratic , bloated , inefficent , ineffective , weak and cares more about bendy bananas then some of the real problems facing europe sure whats not to love about it ... 
  `` muh feelings '' basically the bbc is so set on not offending anyone that it no longer actually reports the news any more, 
  good comment im sure the actions of a gov 100years agoduring a world war are a brilliant thing to base a modern 21st century opinion out of ... 
  or canada , australia , new zealand , singapore , hong kong , etc i was more talking about syria , sub-saharan africa and other french colonies does n't matter what your stance is on the matter of decolonisation , your country did it so you cant take the moral high ground regarding that and it frankly doesnt matter if its nyc or the state of ny as both have never been a country they may be part of a country but have never been one the uk on the other hand is a country and has never been part of some other country and thus you can not compare ny and the uk in any meaningful terms . 
  your attempts to attack me regarding the eu referendum show you are getting a bit desperate, 
  are . 
  you . 
  stupid ? 
  your not even trying to say nyc is a country ( which is what this argument is about ) you just going on some vague rant about muh evil brits , hoping that i wont call you out for still being wrong about nyc being a country . 
  and i dont know if a frenchie can really even try to get on the moral high ground on colonialism at least some of our colonies became successful , safe places to live . 
  france on the other hand ... 
  so according to your source it was a tribal land and then a city in the 16th century and that is all its everr been . 
  had you been bothered to read your own source you would have stopped posting to save yourself from more embarrassment nyc = new york city you dont seem to understand what i am trying to say about chalk and cheese but seeing as you dont know that nyc is a city not a country then that metaphor is far to advance for you . 
  jesus you must be literally retarded . 
  do you has any grasp on reality or do you just spew out crap until people give up on you ? 
  nyc has never been a country , find me one reliable source that shows it was and just because england changed into the uk does n't make nyc older and if you could comprehend the difference between a city and a country then you would know that it is a matter of chalk and cheese . 
  you have completely ignored what i said . 
  why should we compare a country that has always been a country to a state/city that has never been anything but a state/city its chalk and cheese, 
  why compare the uk to new york one is a country that has existed for over 300 years and even then the nations making up the uk have lasted even longer , to a city in a state that has always been a part of another country ? 
  irrelevant and has no basis in this argument . 
  and i rather have a strong government elected by the british people to make decisions than a weak indecisive government, 
  thats the crux of the argument why should i or anyone be ruled by someone we didnt vote for or at least still has some influence in the decision making, 
  if farage won then why isnt he the president ... 
  fuck off then, 
  then its a good job they dont have any real power unlike the unelected eu officials, 
  i dont remember voting for donald tusk or jean-claude juncker, 
  funny that each of these countries have increasingly popular eurosceptic parties , i cant imagine why, 
  5th largest economy , 4th largest military expenditure , nuclear armed state , permeant seat on the unsc and a key member in numerous international organisations but yeah sure we are a weak irrelevent shit hole we can work with the eu as an equal but we should not be forced into follow laws that restrict/harm us you can cry all you want about that being `` unfair '' but guess what we dont live in a perfect utopia , we are in the real world and must act accordingly to our stature like every other major nation on earth does . 
  why should we be different ? 
  so we jump of the ship and swim or stay on the ship as it sinks anyway ... to me thats an easy choice, 
  or the fact that britain is one of the most powerful and richest nations on earth and really shouldnt have to take orders from a bunch of unelected foreign officials, 
  punishing a nation for a democratic processes ... 
  yes sounds very russian to me, 
  if the eu is really so stupid to cut of its nose to spit its face and try to terrify people to staying with it then the eu is nothing more that more western located russia, 
  your granparents were likely involved in the colonial business in one way or an other so what ? 
  you can scream yourself silly until you are red in the face but ultimately the torys legalised gay marriage and labour did not , they had plenty of chances but refused, 
  do you pay for them ? 
  would you host them in your territory ? 
   ours  irish flag,
