  the dont publish articles they think will help the leave side such as the recent sexual assaults in germany, 
  hahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahahhaha, 
  nope the bbc is incredibly bias towards remain, 
  hahaha you what ?? 
  the bbc is incredibly bias towards the remain side, 
  no i mean both sides lost the other side of the argument ( leave = economy and remain = immigration ) and who says we would have to accept free movement ? 
  the uk has a lot more negotiation power than norway and switzerland , and the eu has shown its not too bothered about sticking to its principles, 
  both sides have lost the other argument which is why its descend into mindless shit throwing and threats most people see immigration as a more important argument as thats a more physical thing and affects everyday people more than the economy does, 
  your analogy is shit , and you should never post it again, 
  it makes laugh , the mental image i get every time this idiot opens his mouth about brexit of david cameron crying into his hands just begging him to shut up . 
  seriously every time he opens his mouth it damages the remains sides credability, 
  and then scotland can make an even bigger embarrassment of it self when even less people vote to leave as now the snp cant even lie about basing their economy on oil . 
  why would our economy crumble ? 
  to bad that the eu politicians dont have to answer to the wishes of the citizens, 
  so theres no actually proof that china is a threat to the uk ... ok so why would we wish to be part of an eu army ? 
  just wait . 
  soon the sun will explode and armies wont be needed . 
  see i can claim things too, 
  well too bad , scotland isnt independant by the wishes of the scottish people, 
  you 're british too jock, 
  t. chad `` i 'm 1/64th scottish '' mcdonald, 
  thats a big assumption, 
  you still have n't given any sources, 
  sure if it was for the massive language barrier between the nations of the eu it has hard enough setting up a unified command for the uk , usa and the commonwealth during ww2 and we all speak the same language, 
  china doesnt have the power projection to reach the us and certainly not europe, 
  you still havent given me a source and now i request another source for your claim that ukip is a neo nazi party, 
  not every country obeys the soviet rule of war which is just throw men at it britain has the 4 largest military expenditure on earth ( larger than russia btw ) and seeing as the largest , the usa , is our close ally i dont see any reason to be part of an eu army as we are more than capable of defending ourselves and our interest, 
  source ? 
  otherwise well done on cheapening the death of jo cox, 
  nothing to do with the brexit campaign one guy with existing neo nazi connections and a history of mental illness, 
  nah you 're alright, 
  brexit campaign is n't violent like the scottish independence group, 
  or you could stop being so retarded ? 
  why would we or the french take part in that ? 
  are you legitimately retarded ? 
  the greeks have n't been that badly rekt since the fall of constantinople, 
  yeah you are mad , like really mad, 
  you 're the one getting incredibly mad and upset over an internet argument its kinda sad, 
  no a better story would be if both kids were eating glue and one calls the other an idiot but meh alright attempt i guess, 
   also , is n't that what you want ? 
  raining destruction and hellfire on europe ? 
  if that does n't count as being upset i do n't know what is, 
  ho ho ho you seeming increadible upset about something might i suggest getting off the internet and calming down ? 
   it has something to do with me short term memory loss is never good . 
  i would call your doctor if this problem persists, 
  why bother writing out a whole new paragrah if his own one works just as well, 
  well unfortanely what you want does n't factor into this debate, 
  and yet its still the 5th biggest economy on earth , so seeing as we are doing better than all but 4 other nations ( despite the limited population , size and natural resources ) i think we are more than capable of looking after ourselves, 
  i think the other guy said it best you do seem awfully upset over something that has nothing to do with you, 
   this is good news for britain , the out campaigners need to wake up and realise just how small a country they inhabit and how much more they need the eu than the eu needs them . 
  i would n't wish that suffering on an entire nation but it will be amusing if britain leaves to see them begging to be let in in a few years as their economy crumbles while the remaining eu members sagely shake their heads and decide that this little upstart of a nation needs to realise it 's 2016 ( or whatever subsequent year it is ) , not 1922 . 
  sounds pretty disrespectful to me also i havent said i was voted for brexit you 've just assumed that because i didnt blindly agree with you, 
  in your mind you can easily create your own reality that has nothing to do with actual reality ... but that 's neither here nor there . 
  i do n't have to respect someone voting for something monumentally stupid , i really do n't . 
  and i can tell my opinion that person to their face . 
  that has nothing whatsoever to do with not respecting democracy . 
  respecting democracy means respecting the process and respecting the outcome , it does n't mean that i have to think positively about your choices . 
  right back at you, 
  ahh yes nothing says democracy than trying to control a political leaning because you dont agree with it, 
  because its different than your opinion doesn mean its dumb the uk leaving will do good things for both the uk and the eu and the uk staying will do bad things for the uk and the eu its all about perspective, 
  god forbid people vote for something you do n't like quick call north korea we need to get rid of this pesky democracy, 
  eternal something but not anglo, 
  im noticing a common factor in many of these falls ... 
  cheaper possibly but effective ... no as all us states have the same language something the eu doesnt which would make the eu army ineffective as soldiers wouldnt be able to communication properly on the field, 
  i understand that , which is i think ( and i hate it that i do ) trump has the right idea about nato , its just a bunch of countrys free riding from the us , uk and the few others that even bother to spend the 2 %, 
  thats not how an army works its not about savings its about defence you could disband the entire military which would save alot of money but then how do you defend your self, 
  why would france give up its armed forces ? 
  the eu incompetence will mean nato would still be the corner stone of defence seeing as britain ( largest military expenditure in the eu ) and likely france ( second ) would n't be contributing to this army . 
  the eu would still have to rely on nato which requires 2 %, 
  nato requires 2 %, 
  you must be truely childish if you think politicians actually speak for the people who elect them, 
  which is why the eu army wont work , all the poorer/smaller nations wouldnt bother to fund it it would be like nato on steroids with only 3 or 4 nations actually funding it, 
  yeah but that could also be the word `` racist '' or `` zenophobe '' etc. 
  which has completely lost any real meaning in this sub, 
  rubbish ofc course tusk is on the remain side just because he isnt part of the office ` club ' doesnt mean his fear mongering should be ignored the eu doesnt keep the peace in europe its nato and saying other wise is just plain disillusion which means both of these points are just plain fear mongering by the remain side, 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36515680 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/08/cameron-brexit-will-increase-risk-of-europe-descending-into-war/, 
  errmmm yeah ... they have, 
  are you people still going on ? 
  you 're the only one who has made wrong assumptions, 
  again please show me where i have said what side im on ? 
   you brexit voters again very nice assumption, 
   if you dont mindlessly follow the remain side , you are not allowed an opinion remain voter 2016, 
  its at the top ... 
   your nice assumption , please tell me where i said which side i was on ? 
  it is, 
  brexit havent said staying would cause ww3 or the collapse of western civilisation which is proberly the most blatant scare mongering its possible to do, 
  thats pretty much it or just `` look over there !, 
  dont look at me ! '', 
  like argentina it allows them to distract the publics attentions from their own failings its actually more important for spain that the uk keeps it than spain gets its as they cant use it as a distraction anymore, 
  remember everyone only the brexit side fear monger ... 
  yeah and britain leaving the eu wont cause peace to break down, 
  now yes , but back then they military was much closer to our own because of the cuts made to the conventional military, 
  but they were ordered before ukips 2010 manifesto which is what he is referring to, 
  the falklands war would shows the line of reasoning is flawed trident is important but a conventional military is just as , if not more , important, 
  god the irony of this comment is fucking killing me a scot calling others special snowflakes, 
  the old manifesto yes but now it does n't, 
  ahh the tolerant remain camp as always ... 
  if you dont agree you 're senile, 
  maybe we could switch leaflets as the ones i got last week were the opposite, 
  welcome to r/europe,
