  can you prove otherwise ? 
  in my area there is no such thing as a considerate vaper, 
  congrates on not being an arsehole i guess but it doesnt change the fact that most vapors are tremendous arseholes, 
  why beat about the bush ? 
  well there are several reason 1 ) they blow large obnoxious clouds every where that stink 2 ) they use it as an excuse to smoke in area where it has been banned 3 ) its just another form of addiction, 
  a mouth fedora or a `` dude weed lmao '' guy i rather not have either, 
  inb4 local new story, 
  fuck smoking and vaping the first is cancerous to all and the second is the fedora for the lips, 
  paris , brussels and paris part 2 happened, 
  i dont speak to right wing racist extremist, 
  wow racist much, 
  not really its a matter of why should we help those who would not help us, 
  if the roles were reversed would : a ) islamic nations even allow this amount of migration ? 
  b ) european refugees go around raping , harrasing or joining terrorist organisations ? 
  why should accepting economic migrants be a part of european law ? 
  you need to get out more ... 
  pledges are not laws ... 
  source ? 
  why would we sanction them ? 
  did they start bombing western europe ? 
   lib dens  torry, 
  how the hell did you manage to fuck up that sentance that badly ? 
  again you supply no proof or sources for you claim and as the burden of proof lays with you i dont have to research anything as its up to you to back up your claims, 
  facts require proof and source all you have is hot air comming from your arse, 
  well at least we all know now that you literally retard no need to reply as its cruel for me to bully the retarded, 
  yes we do know and we like the queen so we will keep her and before you do the whole `` herrr derrr you are all slaves to da monarch '' the monarch knows that they only stay were they are because the british people are happy with it the minute they do something the british people dont like they are out hell we saw a huge drop in approval because they didnt act how the british people expected after diana died . 
  the queen currently has one of the highest approval rating of any head of state , she didnt get that from being a brutal dictator ... also as its quite clear from your anglophobic comments you are clearly not a brit so your opinion is irrelevent anyway and you would never be able to accept the fact that britain is a democracy and that the monarchy is only a figurehead with no real political power . 
  dank meymey friend pls post more top kek, 
  am i suppose to care ? 
  ohh shove it up your arse if brits are happy with it then its fine . 
  1 brits opinion about the monarchy is infinitely more important than than yours ever could be , so stop crying like a little bitch because no one gives a fuck about your opinion . 
  no it was the hood at least for the beginning, 
  ok have fun feel free to leave your passport at the airport, 
  because muh feelings, 
  hes a german ofc hes gon na be a salty cunt about the uk careful now jerry else we may pay dresten another visit, 
  correction anything obama will say will sway people in the other direction, 
  neutrality would be not getting involved the fact that 99.8 % wish to remain british there is absolutely nothing to negotiate about with the argentina apart from from telling them to fuck off i would assume that the `` leader of the free world '' would respect the wish of the people rather than some made up claim by a military junta ... 
  suez and the falklands for start obama has supported argentines ` claim ' to the falklands ( he even got the spanish word for them wrong for god sake i mean if your gon na stab your ally in the back at least pronounce it right ) . 
  wahhh wahhh i need my safe space a man did something i dont agree with wahhhhhh, 
  unwanted sexual advancements , grabbing or touching can be considered attacks, 
   so we 're supposed to like him because he 's supported by a significant portion of his electorate ? 
  i do n't think so ... hmmmmmmmm, 
  you have completed avoided my question please state where i said you should like him ? 
  most people dont bother to read up on the laws of each nation one other example is that the uk technically has a higher violent crime rate than the us but we class lots of things in this catergory while the americans only include a few things, 
  yeah but you 're a white male / s, 
   this usual cheap r/europe panicked bullshit out ? 
  yes lets go back to the usual cheap r/europe panicked bullshit about brexit, 
  inb4 local news ... again, 
   it 's another protest vote against the establishment . 
  is this what we are calling democracy now ? 
  please state where i said you should like him i am stating that it doesnt matter what other people think about him , its the us electorate which matters, 
  im explaining that republicans make up a significant proportion of the us electorate ( being a mainly 2 party system ) because the guy was suggesting its not a significant that trump has been made candidate, 
   who voted him to become the candidate the republicans candidate key word being candidate, 
  i dont think you realise what significant means . 
  im not saying majority or all , i 'm saying a significant amount, 
  it was the us people who voted him to become the candidate thats still a significant proportion, 
  so people who supported to remain but could n't be bothered to vote in the first place now say they would vote because thier side didnt win ... wow what a news worth article / s, 
  and a significant proportion of the us electorate which ultimately is all that matters in a democracy . 
  not something r/europe cares about but heyho, 
  we dont want to reject the outcome the government are desperately trying to back trace by using the loud minority as a cover, 
  or how they would be able to find proffesional to argue for the remain side but only seem to be able to find some nobody to argue for leave, 
  because it doesnt fully support the eu and especially in these last 2 weeks such articles tent to just ... 
  disappear, 
  the one article critical of the eu in a sea of anti-british articles , what thick skin you have, 
  shadow banned in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
   country frantically googles ` how to re-join eu ' * no thank you, 
  as i said none of those things effect internal actions unless the british government agrees the eu was able to force the british government to change internal actions regardless of the wills of the government or the people, 
  so different opinions are only allow if our evidence is approved before hand * 1984 intensifies *, 
  the fact that the uk has to confirm to a higher level of government for internal issues than the uk government is evidence of an erosion of sovereignty, 
  and if they elect to keep using english ? 
  i know that r/europe doesnt like the word `` elect '' but the point still stands, 
  who decides what evidence is good enough ? 
  what you think is evidence could be drastically different than mine, 
  because fuck ireland and malta am i rite ? 
   we should implement new rules : if you 're going to describe the eu as something ( e.g. 
  bureucratic ) you should explain why you think this is so with facts and examples . 
  i 'm sure such a rule would/could never be abused ... 
  like the cost of ww1 and 2 ? 
  and if they dont pay ? 
   if it remains like that which it wont , this is just a bunch of morons using brexit as an excuse to be dickheads, 
  democracy when you agree , populism when you dont am i right ? 
  because it was a war we didnt have to get involved in . 
  we could of sat it out and got rich selling weapons to both sides , but we did n't . 
  and hundreds of thousands died for france and belgium, 
  or just look at r/europe . 
  its been an `` enlightening '' experience to see european nationalism in action, 
  not when its only 331 cases saying 5 fold increases is just an attempt to make this look worse than it is, 
   bank of england 's unveilling of the 250 billion package to support financial markets . 
  and yet have only used like 5 billion . 
  but dont let that get in the way, 
   331 cases pretty insignificant amount tbh, 
  whats the actually number ? 
  be cause if there was only 10 reports a week before the vote a five fold increase in a country with a population of 60 million is absolutely nothing, 
  oh vey shut it down, 
  you payed alot less than anyone else did at the time you do know that right ? 
  then thats even more stupid seeing as the us wanted independance from the uk, 
   britain withdrew the protection of the royal navy . 
  god damnit britain , selfishly not single handedly protecting the worlds shipping lanes after being bankrupt from fighting two world wars back to back, 
  my bad , i thought you were arguing for a snap election, 
  and we should just ignore the law as a result ?
