  increase in people + no increase in housing = prices go up supply and demand economics 101 . 
  ofc immigration impacts on this . 
  second point you answer that yourself , if we stopped the 150,000 eu migrants then there are more jobs available for the already unemployeed people in the uk, 
  so why dont you actually explain your points rather than just accusing people with different opinions as being racist or zenophobic as there is nothing more ironic than that, 
  addition pressure on public services , increase in house pricing , a increasingly competitive job market which druves down wages . 
  how is being concerned about mass immigration zenophobia ? 
  again have i ever said ? 
  no i just like to call out the `` tolerant and enlightened '' remain side when they just accuse others of being an ' - ist ' because they dont agree with them, 
  have i said what side im voting ? 
  `` my opinion is more important than yours '' - remain side, 
  what reputation ? 
  a failing , weak will union thats in the middle of tearing it self apart oh no what a thing to lose ... 
   asks for source , gets them , dismiss them for arbitrary reasons, 
  why do you assume some of the kids might be adults ? 
  as we have seen plenty of 25 year old `` children '' have been allowed in there are numerous cases of this exact thing happening even if the host nation has laws against it . 
  shhhhh you will interrupt the circle jerk, 
  ok so only 6 or 7 children then . 
  or the other wives can just appeal that seperating the children from their father is against their human rights and they all get brought over anyway . 
  bigamy is common in these nations its hardly inconceivable people would have that many kids, 
  how is it ridiculous ? 
  hahaha you are beyond sad, 
  nice generalisation there !, 
   deepshit nice spelling dipshit also you 're not really worth my time so i didnt bother replying, 
  nice !!, 
  lose an argument so call him a troll top tier debating there, 
  yeahh no the likes of spain portugal ireland greece have shown what the euro does, 
  no the next comment you made was a statement which the other guy couldnt grasp, 
  thats not what being talk about he mention that most economic studies support remain as its the `` best '' choice but the same people said the uk adopting the euro was also b the `` best '' choice, 
  just like when we were asked to join the euro, 
  britain is never going to leave europe ( being a continent and all ) but the eu and europe are not the same thing we can work with the eu but we dont have to work under it, 
  2 of those are opinions and the other is upfor debate, 
  he didnt ask a question , thats a statement . 
  educate yourself before getting involved, 
  you ask why we would leave so i asked you why should we should stay ? 
  why stay ? 
  so your source is one guy the internet anyway it doesnt delect from the point that there were little to no indians on d-day and the ones that were there are not slaves, 
  any evidence for that claim ? 
  and a proper source at that, 
  what could go wrong !, 
  they were not being forced to serve, 
  none , which is significantly lower than all the slaves currently in poland, 
  `` you need us more than we need you britain ! '' ... 
  or perhaps my other favourite `` britains never done anything for europe , its the usa 's puppet '', 
  daily mail maybe but the bbc would be more like `` innocent women and children refugees attacked by white european males !, 
  vote in ! '', 
  oooookkkkkkkk ... that has nothing to do with what im saying but thanks anyway i guess, 
  i 'm sorry that democracy scares you, 
  1 testicle ... in a room of a main european government ... fire up the tanks boys hes returned !, 
  the battlefield wiki which is what you are referring to and as i said its unoffical so anyone could change it , hell i could put belgium and romania as the only combatants, 
  the unofficial wiki that cause you so much rage has been changed to include france so calm your self, 
  boooo !!!, 
  get your pitchforks out boys and girls !, 
  * looks at historic economy * wew boys looks like we are still number 1, 
  why should i ? 
  why shouldnt the eu accept and ecourage a basic human right as free speech ? 
  and ? 
  im sorry if you dont like the fact that a democracy can pick a number of different parties that you dont agree with . 
  i believe in complete free speech which the eu does n't why would i volunteer to be a citizen of such an organisation ? 
  look up the law its clearly states that all `` offenders '' will be sent for re-education, 
  if the big picture was worth fighting for then the uk would take part but instead it wants to ban `` hate speech '' and send offenders to `` re-education '' camps sounds like an amazing place, 
  what a failing weak willed union ... what a great reason for the uk to stay, 
  which is what a union is suppost to change but the eu in many cases is doing the opposite, 
  same here , 
  your `` solution '' was countries pulling out of the eu your arguing that the uk leaving would n't cause the eu to collapse but youve just said it would, 
  so people are downvoting my opinion as its `` wrong and stupid '' but people doing it to you are `` crying '' . 
  excellent debating skills, 
  well it does matter !, 
  the whole comment is about would the eu collapse if the uk left and have multiple countrys pull out after the uk leaves thats a pretty clear sign of a collapse, 
  well seeing as much original comment is at minus 2 it shows that people dont like to hear other opinion on this site le pen is 3rd biggest in france, 
  or they can just trade more with other countries, 
  im sure people would love a tax increase or public services being cut to send more money to brussels ... 
  is the green party one of the main political parties in the uk ? 
  ? ... lol lol ... no its not , however eurosceptic parties are now in many countries either the first second or third largest party . 
  and the failing economy , the eu answer to the greece crisis , the general incompetence and redtape and the weak international standing, 
  your point being ?? 
  i really dont understand how many people on this site think that nations only trade if they are in a union, 
  thats not my opinion thats just a statement based off of those countries popular eurosceptic parties, 
  which will upset the countrys relying on those funds, 
  the uk and the rest of world ... like every other non eu country, 
  the danish and the dutch also have a desire to leave . 
  greece as well and france isnt going to be too happy with having to pay even more money in order to cover the large budget whole created by brexit, 
  if it did survive it would be impotent as other nations also begin to pull out, 
  if i * highlight * random works it makes me look * smart * and so people will * listen * to my point, 
  your overestimated the unity of the eu, 
  ignore the bait people, 
  who picks between what is free speech and hate speech ? 
  you ? 
  a jury ? 
  trusk ? 
  banks dont handle mainly in euros though , they mainly work in dollars and then in euros and pounds . 
  you `` point '' doesnt make sense as you assume the banks will leave the uk if we leave the eu as we wont be in the eurozone however we have never been in the eurozone so why would the banks change now ?? 
  how can you be sure ? 
  sadly this will likely become reality, 
  we have never been part of the euro zone so why would the financial institute leave if the uk `` left '' something we uad never joined ??? 
  please do a bit more research, 
  and without the uk blocking the financial controls in the eu then all of the eu financial institue will come to london, 
  welcome to reddit , where no one reads the article but everyone is an expert, 
  if that joke went any higher over your head it would be a comet, 
  can you name one ? 
  well thats creepy ... dont do that again , like ever,
