  genius , what could go wrong ? 
  you cant be in a recession and growing so pick one, 
  much better but still there are a number of counter sources that say we wont fall into a recession, 
  he was n't part of the official leave campaign he ran his own independant group , so his claims and suggestions are no more or less valid than any other british citizen . 
  basically you cant use the claim of one person as a source, 
  you get your economic sources from a man who isnt an economist or even an mp ... well then, 
  does it matter ? 
  source ? 
  350 million down votes that we can spend on r/donald, 
  incoming 350 million down votes in 3 ... 2 ... 
  its good to know most people here did n't bother to read the article hes talking about the economy ( which has been more geared towards surviving hard times such as this ) than political position but hey dont let the article get in the way, 
  england has been through a lot worse than leaving the eu and will continue to survive long into the future, 
  maybe stay off the internet if you get triggered so much, 
  pssst we are talking about spain here, 
  you are the one who compares a country exercising its democratic right as a betray of human society, 
   i disagree with these concepts . 
  they are shit means absolutely jackshit, 
  ok you are actually living in some bizzaro world . 
  i can carry on calling you out on the increasing stupidity in your posts but frankly if you are too naive to see how the democracy and self determination works , i would be wasting my time . 
  are you a broken record this . 
  not . 
  vote . 
  for . 
  the . 
  decide this is a matter for the british people to decided on . 
  do you expect to be able to vote in the us election as that also effects the eu ? 
   yes . 
  which is why the vote should n't be called democratic . 
  no its not , even if it does effect europe its still up to the british people to decide . 
  i dont expect to be able to vote on austria 's leader even though that would influence the eu because its up to austrians to decide  democracy : ... a system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state , typically through elected representatives . 
  ... control of an organization or group by the majority of its members . 
  the british population of the 4 british nations decided through a majority decision for britain to leave the eu thats democracy . 
   the minority of european voters have decided to part with the eu . 
  again , this is not democracy . 
  this counter acts your point you previous made as you said that democracy is decided through the majority now your saying that democracy should be ignored for the minority  17 million of 510 million voters voted for what affected the eu . 
  yet again this is a decision made by britons for britain not the eu fr britain  yes . 
  democracy is a horrible system of government for so many reasons . 
  i guess you think there should be an absolute dictatorship under your then , as you know whats better for britain than the british, 
  if a nato member attacks another and the defender cites article 5 then nato must respond, 
   17 million out of 510 million is 3 % . 
  it 's tiny . 
  yet again this isnt an eu wide decision . 
  17million out of 32million is a majority and thats democracy . 
   then you do n't believe in democracy . 
  if you believe that the eu should decide the fate of 60million brits then you are an imperialist and have no idea of what democracy and self determination is  democracy in action would mean the tiny group of englishmen who now try to ruin the eu bowing down to the will of the european people . 
  the majority of british voters have decided to with dar the uk from the eu . 
  again this is democracy  what 's democratic about 17 million people deciding something that affects 500 million ? 
  the 17 million of the 32 million voters voted for what effected the uk not the eu . 
  and if we measure every thing by your bizarre `` logic '' no decision ever made ( past or future ) will ever be democratic . 
   yes . 
  hence it being anti-democratic . 
  it 's granting a tiny elite the right to go against the democratic will of hundreds of millions of people . 
  60 million people deciding on the future of those 60 million is democracy , its not upto the eu to decide the fate of those 60 million  exactly . 
  it 's nationalistic garbage that should have no place in a modern world . 
  in your opinion but one not agreed by all . 
  oh look at that democracy in action  what makes you believe i do n't grasp what happens ? 
  the fact you cant grasp that it was a democratic decision and if the eu does anything other than accept the british peoples decision then they are even more undemocratic than they seem, 
   it 's not democratic at all . 
  democracy would mean for english people to bow down to the democratic will of the european people . 
  this isnt a eu wide vote its for the uk to decided  anyone who supports small groups of people to fuck over everyone else is anti-democratic . 
  democracy would mean every human having one vote and doing exactly what everyone votes for . 
  like i said this is for the uk the fact you cant grasp the fact that a democratic country can decide things for themselves tells me you are either a troll or incredibly stupid, 
  ok so your actually a troll that actually makes a lot of sense , i wasnt sure if some could seriously be that stupid, 
  there will always be a pm, 
  and im stating anyone who compares brexit to a betray of human society is an idiot . 
  because a democratic country exercising its democratic right to leave a ( questionably ) democratic union isnt a betray of human society if any thing its a true representation of it by showing things can change through words and voting rather than guns and violence, 
  spain is also bankrupt and in no position to invade anything they would have also attacked a nato member which is ibcreafibky stupid, 
   people who voted to exit are idiots he says , complaining about recieving personal attacks claiming that the uk leaving the eu is a betrayal of human society is problem one of tge most idiotic things ive heard in a very long time, 
  the fact that the uk voted to leave this was n't an england , scotland , etc vote, 
  ah the good old brexit = hitler welcome to r/europe, 
  because unless your a time traveller you cant claim its terrible decision , unless you are just upset your side didnt win so that must mean that any other decision is terrible, 
  yeah they sort are far , but dont let facts interrupt the circle jerk, 
  no the ones that bitch about the fact their side didnt win is childish , what they should do is get on with it , and make the best of what you have rather than circle jerking about the coming apocalypse because your side lost, 
  oh no not the 6th richest nation on earth, 
  a rubber dingy would be a more potent threat that whatever spain could pose, 
  where did i blame the scots ? 
  go on find where in my message i blamed the scottish, 
  which is why i mentioned the us would be better stationing tgeir troops there, 
  bitching about people because your side didnt win is the being childish and people acting like children if they dont get their way will cause the uk to collapse, 
  western europe isnt at risk of war , eastern europe would therefore be the focus of the us to keep the peace, 
   a government elected essentially solely by england and there it is . 
  got ta love scottish exceptionalism, 
  if countries like poland want us troops in their nation they should pay for it its hardly an unreasonable demand, 
  the pm , who else, 
  its been butthurt for months, 
  unless ... you know ... other nato nations actually pay the 2 % required, 
  falklands wars 2.0 spainish speaking countries must have a fetish for invading things they do n't down and then getting their teeth kicked in, 
  westminster could just say we are honouring the choice of scotland who voted to remain in their once in a lifetime vote, 
  except they need the permission from westminster , which could just say no as their last vote was a once in a generation chance, 
  betrayed the country by exercising their democratic right ... its not leaving the eu which will be the death of this country its people like you, 
  welcome to r/europe the post have an opposing opinion and get down voted to hell, 
  hello mr time traveller , hows the future ? 
  n.ireland wont leave and i wish we could kick the scots out but unlike most of the europeans in this sub reddit i respect the democracy of scotland when the vote to remain again as they cant even base their economy of oil anymore, 
  because nato is far more influential than the eu, 
  theres a lot of salty people in this thread so i would turn back if you wanted any sort of grown up discussion whicb doesnt go `` rip uk '' `` bye scotland '' etc. 
  yes but then we would be no better than the snp, 
  experts also said there would be flying cars by this decade and before i get swamped with down votes i applaud any space/scientific advancement i just think claims like this should be taken with a healthy pinch of salt, 
  they didnt report it at all, 
  no i meant the one that happened last month, 
  camerons deal isnt worth the paper its written on , hell it being on paper would be a step up from what he currently has which is a `` super-serious promise '' between him and a few eu rulers,
