  people can not afford double glazed windows ? 
  let 's not force them to do something that they can not afford . 
  i do know of playgrounds that had to be demolished because they were n't eu-compatible . 
  are the eu-compliant ones safer ? 
  most likely . 
  did i die because the kids slide was aluminum instead of plastic in the 90s ? 
  no , i did not . 
  that 's just one random example . 
  there are probably hundreds more that i do n't even want to know about . 
  there are companies that specialize in looking up eu standards for you - i guess there must be a gazillion of them if there are profitable companies just for looking up and making reports to you . 
  true , lots of them would be in effect even without the eu also but i 'm certain that not all of them . 
  ( again , i 'm not saying standards are evil and certainly not saying that the eu regulations are a bad thing in general - but they can have unwanted effects , that 's for sure ), 
  if you really want to , you most likely can . 
  i worked at a shitty government job for years for barely above minimum wage and finished the university bit later than i should have . 
  but now i 'm getting a nice salary so things start make up for the lost years . 
  so probably most software engineers can buy a house around 30-35 if it it is their aim . 
  my aim was to pay back student loans before 30 ( to save on interest ) and travel some with my girlfriend ( edit : i also started a masters ' which also needs funding ) . 
  i do n't want to take a giant mortgage and i certainly wo n't be able to save for a nice apartment in about 5-6 years , by the time i turn 35 . 
  not even close . 
  but yeah , housing prices are on a crazy rise , lots of my friends who started looking last year have gave up on the idea . 
  10-30 % raise in a year ( depending where you live ) makes you think twice whether you want to invest in the next housing bubble , 
  it is way more complicated than you describe it . 
  true , materialism is an easy excuse because you can guesstimate that you can not afford to properly raise children . 
  and in lots of cases it is true , lots of cases is just not willing to take the burden and take the easy path . 
  and it is certainly not the single issue . 
  less of an issue for me , for example , but still , i do n't plan to have kids in my country . 
  random tribes in the sahara raise kids out of nothing . 
  so yeah , you 're argument is valid in the way that it should be still doable ( with sacrifices ) . 
  but it is 2016 and the eu . 
  different standards , different lifestyles and way more different promises and hopes . 
  if you are willing to sew your clothes at night ( you can not afford a new one ) , work in the garden at weekends to produce some food on your own to save costs , give up leisure altogether , etc , you might manage it with few money even in eastern europe . 
  that 's how my parents raised me . 
  and it somewhat worked in the 70s and 80s and mostly in the 90s , too ( communism did a good job isolating you and do n't even let you realize how freakin hard your life is ) . 
  but is this the life you want to give your children , too ? 
  or you can decide to move into the city to pursue better job options , move into a tiny 30sqm apartment and realize , that you 'll need 15-20 years of savings to buy a proper apartment where you can raise children . 
  but it 's fucking 20 years . 
  you can not plan for 20 years in this region . 
  30 years ago we had the soviets ruling us . 
  15 years ago warplanes were flying above my head off to yugoslavia . 
  now we 're in the eu . 
  but extremist are on the rise , i would n't bet a cent that we will be in the eu 15 years from now . 
  that 's what you get when you live in a buffer zone . 
  it is a vastly different world than it was 30 years ago - you work your ass off in factories or offices ( likely producing products you 'll never be able to afford ) in a way more harsh society than it was in the 80s and while you also need to soon take care of your parents because the whole society is on the verge of collapse . 
  all this while 80 km away , on the other side of the border , people are doing much better than you are ( for whatever reason , let 's not get into that ) . 
  this generates a gigantic friction between societies and a big dismay in eastern europeans . 
  you would n't even believe . 
  so a whole generation grew up realizing how shitty this place is and give up hopes on bringing children to this society . 
  it is an evil spiral . 
  sorry for the wall of text but even these are just a few aspects . 
  there are probably whole books of social studies done on this topic ... 
  yes , there are , the new one was just introduced this year . 
  depends on how many kids you have or promise to have later on . 
  if you promise to have ( or already have ) at least 3 children , you 'll get 10m huf as a gift plus 10m huf of cheap loan ( to put in context : 20m huf is about 10 years of average income ! ) . 
  but i do n't think that 'll solve things . 
  the whole society is messed up , throwing in a few millions for housing wo n't solve everything ( certainly not the shitty healthcare and the shitty education ) . 
  now people who can not afford a house will have more kids just because of the money which i do n't think is a good thing in the long run - it just hides the problems for one more decade or so . 
  ( and let 's not get into other things that this discriminates couples who do n't plan to have kids , gay couples who can not legally have kids , etc. 
  that 's a whole new level of issues ), 
  well , it 's magnitudes more regulated than it was decades ago and loans are way more hard to get . 
  though i 'm not saying that these are all that bad things . 
  but some regulations are just simply not made for eastern europe . 
  people ca n't afford another layer of bureaucracy or some fancy new materials the eu came up with and you have to use , etc. 
  yes , those regulations are made in good faith and improve overall quality but the increasing costs hit eastern europe way more than the richer part if eu . 
  my dad built most of our house with his own hands and with help of friends around the end of the 80s ( lots and lots of fun stories from that era ) - you 're not allowed to do that any more . 
  and it is a proper rural family house , we 're not talking about a trashy wood cabin of some sorts . 
  my parents got a loan without hassle for the land and the materials - even though my dad was a mason , he did most of the planning himself . 
  true , some tough years came after but my parents managed to pay back loans and own a large family house . 
  and they were rural salarymen with no inheritance or significant parental support . 
  i wo n't even own house at 35 let alone at 25 as my parents did . 
  and i am a software engineer . 
  not that i want a house now , but still . 
  yes , i have ok life and much better circumstances than most of the people have in the country but i can not even imagine how did my parents manage to get this far with so little they had . 
  but housing is just one single aspect of why people leave this area . 
  there are many more . 
  edit : this is hungary but mostly true for poland also , i think, 
   i would n't say hate might be a harsh expression but actually it is not far from the truth . 
  downtown nights at summertime are full-on crazy and shameful lots of times . 
   and your beer is good !, 
  yeah some of them are really awesome and lately we have a craft beer fest every other weekend so plenty of options to try them all . 
  if that comforts you somewhat , budapest is also one of the cheap booze capitals and we hate the british guys way more !, 
  well , it has one the most prestigious teaching staff , that is certain ( other being bsm , budapest semesters in mathemathics , i think ) . 
  as for the international rankings , [ the is the most popular and most widely cited source ] ( https://www.timeshighereducation.com/student/where-to-study/study-in-hungary ) and shows ceu as the best one in hungary . 
  there are a bunch of other rankings too , you 're right about that . 
  can we compare this number to that of other major eu and us cities in the same time period ? 
  without that comparison , this data is barely meaningful . 
  yeah , why would be a bad thing when government shuts down legitimate private business ( which is also the best university of the country in this case ) overnight just because they do n't like someone who has some connections with it . 
  i mean they 're already harassing and chasing away other companies for years , firing government employees who vote for or sympathize with other parties , controlling media and trying to take over universities for years now ( they are already controlling primary education , they reprinted textbooks with propaganda , etc. ), 
  - let 's just do things the soviet ways , it worked so well before . 
  weather 's nice , time to go out, 
  i 've seen this on hungarian news sites recently , people seem to be a bit disappointed we 're not # 1 , 
   how are you doing in japan ? 
  good , thanks . 
  salaries and work conditions are not as good as in most of europe but what the hell , it 's japan , 
  life is not fair . 
  politics even less so . 
  this is decided via negotiation or rules that have been set already so not being fair does n't answer my question even though i agree it is not fair . 
  on what grounds ? 
  i mean really , i 'm curious . 
  i do n't know jack shit about this kind of fine detail but i can imagine it working both ways ( especially if the trade deal goes into effect after the brexit process ) . 
  probably because you live in a far less corrupt country .
