everything is life style choices in that regard , if you think about it . 
  if you happen to live in a society where you can pick between such life choices . 
  though most of the world does n't have such good options to pick from . 
  at least i know i do n't and i 'm still better off than most of the world and i 'm better off than most people in my country also . 
  well , i 'm hitting 30 and i can already afford to rent a 35sqm apartment almost downtown with my engineer salary !, 
  but hey , no mortgage , no car to drain my wallet , no weekend house to clean - those are pretty solid pros , right ? 
  right ? 
  it 's time to open the first pijalnia pub in budapest , i crave for tasty vodka shots !, 
  oh , that 's a great tip as i am playing with the idea of going to a few games at the hockey world championship in st. petersburg in may . 
  combining that with a trip to tallin would be even nicer . 
  quite similar here , in hungary also . 
  you have to pass a simple exam , pay the fee and buy a log-book in which you have to keep track of your fishings . 
  but that 's the most basic one . 
  there are special waters ( like the danube ) for which you have to have additional permits and those are more expensive . 
  but it 's all logical imho . 
  strangely enough , my neighbor has the same second name i have which is a quite rare second name . 
  but that 's all i know about her . 
  postbox labels do n't go into details . 
  sweet , now even disabled czechs will have more active sex life than a redditor !, 
  you mean it 's too cheap to be safe ? 
  the cheapest flight i caught in europe was about $ 12 . 
  the distance was about the sixth of the oslo - nyc distance so the $ 69 kind of checks out . 
  and low cost airlines are generally safer than the ` normal ' ones . 
  then again , for that price , no services are included ( which can be a pain on a transatlantic flight  . 
  and that 's just a ` starting price ' which is a nice marketing term that says you have to be pretty lucky to end up even close to that price . 
  no , it 's just a popular given name . 
  especially in his generation ; i 'd say it is in the top30 given names in the 60 + male population . 
  the last male member of the arpad dynasty died around 1300 . 
  i moved away from europe because of our very much trump-like government in hungary . 
  but yeah , i totally understand your feelings . 
  ` hetfo ' and ` kedd ' i get . 
  rest of it beats me , too . 
  almost all sports have quotas . 
  most likely there are sports where a single country 's athletes could reach all top3 positions but they are only allowed to send 1 . 
  well , [ pecs , hungary ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/r\u00e9gi_t\u00f6r\u00f6k_dzs\u00e1mi_%2818015._sz\u00e1m\u00fa_m\u0171eml\u00e9k%29_3.jpg ) has one even though it is repurposed . 
  edit : reddit ca n't parse the formatted url because of the bracket , but here is the wiki article url in text : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sz\u00e9chenyi_square_ ( p\u00e9cs ), 
  central europe is traditionally germany , austria , switzerland , poland , czechia , slovakia , slovenia and hungary . 
  this is basically a geographical definition . 
  some of the definitions also include romania and the post-yugoslav states . 
  obviously in terms of wealth and development there is a big gap between two halves of that list . 
  even politically . 
  so you can come up with other definitions of central and eastern based on financial terms or culture . 
  it is a bit of a dilemma , here , in hungary . 
  you kinda identify yourself as central european but then you realize that you are n't really in the same group with germany and austria so you kinda identify yourself as eastern european also . 
  bit of a split personality going on here . 
  edit : pejoratively we identify ourselves as a balkan state but that 's more of a trash talk though , 
  well , as long as it is not austrian , i 'm quite fine with any of them !, 
  ( but honestly , i think the best goulash i ever had is the beef goulash with dark beer at u tri ruzi in prague ), 
  before the bs+ms split , lots of european countries had 5/6 year university programs . 
  that was the university degree . 
  the 3 year college programs were considered as lesser quality or one level below a `` true '' university diploma . 
  that 's where the bs degree stigma is coming from . 
  here , in hungary , some previous `` colleges '' rebrand themselves as `` universities '' since they have both bs and ms programs now ( they did n't have both if them before ) and do n't want to look second-class citizens to the traditional universities . 
  i was in the first year when the two-level bs+ms education was introduced in hungary . 
  all of our teachers , older peers , etc. 
  advised against going only for the bs . 
  `` it 's like half a degree '' , `` you could 've just gone to a crappy college if you only want a bs '' and things like that . 
  it is slowly but surely changing though . 
  northern region is way better either if it comes to nature/hiking or sightseeing plus it is a great wine region itself . 
  southern one has nicer beaches and more party places . 
  though even for beaches , i prefer the northern one , but that 's my taste . 
  the plus side of the south shore is that you can see the north one from the beaches so the view is better . 
  apart from the most obvious budapest ( which i would also put on europe-wide toplist also ) : - szeged - p\u00e9cs - eger and its extended region , including tokaj wine region , sirok , szilv\u00e1sv\u00e1rad and aggtelek ( though this would require a car as public transport is not that good option to cover this fairly large region ) - or , if you are into beaches , replace one of them with the northern shores of lake balaton . 
  season-wise , beaches obviously are summertime destinations . 
  for the other ones , fall is just as good ( especially if you like wine ) . 
  summer can get very hot , spring and fall are nice . 
  wintertimes there is barely any snow neither really cold weather but it is generally cold and gray and there are not so many things happening so it is not the best season to travel . 
  instead of zagreb , i would pick zadar if i 'm limited to 3 . 
  but +1 to the other 2 , definitely . 
  well yeah , new old town . 
  but still . 
  apart from the east/west difference , this also shows one of my favorite things about poland : mix of everything at one place . 
  especially in warsaw : modern high-rise buildings , absolutely stunning old town , run-down areas and yeah , the soviet housing blocks we all have in this region . 
  yea , seems about right according my perception & travels . 
  also depends on mobility . 
  western and central hungary is getting very short on workforce , eastern hungary has high unemployment rate . 
  but the society is not mobile , not at all ( and since some of them were unemployed their whole lives and are not good workforce ) . 
  even in this fairly small region , the average distorts the real picture . 
  well , i do know americans , new zealanders , japanese who have learned/are learning hungarian . 
  maybe we should search a bit further away , 
  actually , there are talks in hungary to `` import '' ( attract ) cheap labor force from neighboring countries ( even though unemployment is not that low ) . 
  but the thing is that slovenia , slovakia , czechia and poland already has higher price-point and better working conditions so most likely no one would come from there . 
  most romanians who are willing to move are already in france , germany , uk . 
  most ukrainians who are willing to move ( and the point why i 'm writing this ) are already in poland due to the successful pole strategy . 
  so that leaves the serbs and maybe the croats . 
  plus ethnic hungarians in the neighboring countries ( but that would demolish the local hungarian communities ) . 
  i think it was wyd , i also saw some televised mass or something like that . 
  nato meeting was over a few days before that afaik ( at least the official program ) . 
  anyways , they did n't serve beer so i was n't sticking around , 
  there was some stuff going on in warsaw a week ago already , was n't it ? 
  at least i think i saw bunch of wyd tents and badges and whatnot . 
  similar for hungary - budapest 's main train station was closed this morning for an hour or two due to a baggage left unattended . 
  would n't call it anything serious , though . 
  this shit happens sometimes , fortunately nothing serious usually . 
  but maastricht conversion criteria requires only \u00b1 15 % - so as long as a currency is within \u00b1 15 % to the euro , does n't really matter if it is pegged or not . 
  and that 15 % is quite big , all 8 of the above mentioned countries/currencies fulfill that criteria by far . 
   it 's why he was so determined/desperate to convince the uk to remain . 
  more like because cameron was his biggest ally in the eu . 
  he 's more of a populist and eu is an easy target to point at . 
  but yeah , they are somewhat euro - and eu-sceptics at least in a few topics .
