  one of the cabinet members recently mentioned that he would vote to leave the eu in case of a referendum . 
  but often times they just scream loud so they are heard ; without actually being hardcore eu-sceptics . 
  as for the euro , orban clearly stated years ago that the country does not need it and there are no plans to introduce it . 
  so even a small mention that we might be able to introduce it by 2020 ended up being national news . 
  some analyses showed that 2022 is more realistic though if it is also a political aim which was definitely not the case in the last 5 years or so . 
  last week i 've seen an article in the wizz air onboard magazine about bucharest 's caf\u00e9s , and one of them was mistakenly mentioned as budapest 's best of whatever . 
  i think these kind of things are quite tipical and are present in many countries . 
  the majority of hungarians support a government that is openly anti-liberal , anti-eu , some of their members seemigly have close ties to underground budapest mafia and they have members who are banned from the usa because of corruption . 
  among other things . 
  as you mentioned : reddit and the english-speaking internet represents a fraction of society that does n't represent the majority . 
  there are lots of guys who 'd believe orban if he said that the sky is green . 
  there were news of pensioners who write him in their will and leave all their wealth to him . 
  that is just messed up . 
  they just recently got a 3.5 billion dollar investment from saudi arabia so since then , i think , they have much more money from the saudis than the us . 
  while i get where you are going , this is not 100 % true , every country they operate in has at least a few employees . 
  in hungary , they have some 5-10 employees like lawyer , head of the hungarian company , pr staff , etc. 
  true , not a whole lot , but still . 
  ( and taxi drivers are also not employees of taxi companies , they are mostly self-employed contractors ), 
  obviously , most foreigners in this thread are not that familiar how these things work in hungary . 
  but a fun fact : average taxi driver pays less tax than a minimum wage factory worker while making 4-6 times the income ( they are self employed individuals , the taxi company just sells them the concession rights , charges them dispatch fees , etc - basically the same as uber works but not as modern ) . 
  and taxi fares almost doubled since the government helped them out by eliminating market competition . 
  awesome place to visit . 
  less awesome to live in . 
  ( yet ), 
  same here . 
  although they are required to accept credit cards by law . 
  but lots of the time `` oh , the terminal just stopped working a few rides ago '' or `` i forgot to charge the damn terminal '' or something similar . 
  they rather take half of the fare than have a trace of your payment in the banking system . 
   just because uber says they 're complying with regulations , does n't mean they actually are . 
  and just because the tax agency harassed them , it does n't mean they were n't trying in the first place . 
  i 'm not all that for uber ( never used it ) but they are probably still waaaay more decent folks than the tax agency and the taxi mafia . 
  anyways , they are n't pulling out because of the tax regulations , i 'm sure they could have manage that . 
  they pulling out because there are new regulations every month specifically aimed against them and them alone ( the last one being they have to have a telephone dispatch center that obviously uber does n't have and will never have ) . 
  ( one calculation showed that they already paid more taxes than the taxi drivers but i 'm not sure that it is 100 % true . 
  anyways , most taxis cheat and some of them simply operate 100 % black . 
  the decent ones already switched over to be uber drivers . ), 
  in this case , they were trying to cooperate with the government to pay the appropriate amount of taxes , etc. 
  the government was n't interested , kept coming up with new regulations without listening to uber and finally they passed one last month that was the final nail in the coffin . 
  edit : but hey , this is a country that banned a whole industry before so they could create a multi-million euros worth monopoly out of it for one of their friends . 
  so we 're kind of used to it . 
  well , sometimes laws are created by the lobbyists so they have legal justification of running a cartel and ripping off people . 
  like the taxi regulations in hungary . 
  yeah , i want to pull out of hungary as well ... 
  milan once was the capital of the western roman empire and it was one of the most stable and wealthiest italian state for centuries in the middle ages . 
  i think you should look things up , really . 
  and not speak for the whole of sweden , 
  i mean , really !? 
  milan is the world capital of fashion , one of the most important culinary centers of italy , maybe the 3rd most important european financial center after london and paris , it is a big tech hub and the home of 2 of the most successful european football teams . 
  among other things . 
  like , george clooney living nearby . 
  or one of the oldest and most iconic racetracks on the continent . 
  and i could go on and i 'm not even italian . 
  milan to italy is like new york and san francisco to the usa combined . 
  edit : i think more of my friends visited milan than rome ( myself included ) . 
  maybe because it has like 3 airports and low-cost airlines are dirt cheap to milan but still ... 
  well , among the tallest ones we also have [ this ] ( http://kep.cdn.index.hu/1/0/511/5112/51124/5112416_4f8494a40167f811e473e4c3ed50fe6b_wm.jpg ) , [ this ] ( https://stolenchild66.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/img_9685-599x800-2.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://egykor.hu/images/2010/original/budapest-xv-kerulet-ujpalotai-magashaz-viztorony-_2.jpg ) ugly ones . 
  some of them are unused and falling apart . 
  but on the other hand since there are no high-rise buildings in the country ; yeah most of tall buildings are nice neoclassical / ( neo ) baroque old buildings like [ this ] ( http://www.aviewoncities.com/img/budapest/kvehu0122s.jpg ) or [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/gyor_city_hall.jpg ) . 
  oh , yes . 
  but i think there are cooler and more recent hungarian achievements in space exploration than a delegated space travel given by the soviets , 
  irrelevant in terms of esa membership . 
  hungary and esa signed the membership documents on the 4th of november last year . 
  and it is member of the esa convention since 24 february 2015 which does not require esa membership or association membership . 
  yes we are , since last november . 
  great job , congrats !, 
  hopefully you 'll be full members in no time !, 
  worth noting that incomes are converted using 2014 usd ( though it says 2013 at the top ) . 
  noticed it because the average income seemed way too high for hungary - and indeed , usd was 220 huf beginning 2014 and now it is around 280 huf . 
  which devalues one 's usd-denominated hungarian salary by almost 30 % . 
  [ the front page of the major hungarian news sites right now ] ( https://imgur.com/9e0kyeo ), 
  fucking breaks my heart , he was one of the greatest !, 
  yep , same numbers go for the languages i mentioned . 
  english is one of the many official languages , not everyone uses it all the time . 
  there are many politicians and officials who speak in their own language during meetings/hearings/debates / etc. 
  and everything gets to translated to every language . 
  as from the public 's point of view , english is not used outside english-speaking areas ( since everything is translated to every language ) . 
  there are regions where english is not the top foreign language - i grew up around a region where much more people spoke german as a second language than english ( lately , less so ) . 
  probably there are similar regions for french , russian also . 
  or welsh , romani , ligurian ( and a bunch of other italic languages ) or even yiddish . 
  and the list can go on . 
  you have to draw the line somewhere . 
   most countries have symmetrical flags or flags that guy can otherwise not tell if they 're upside down or not i highly doubt that - most flags are horizontal tricolors and/or have figures/symbols on them , you can definitely tell if they are upside down . 
  edit : [ here 's an awesome infographic on flags ] ( http://flagstories.co/ ), 
  and also called stalin 's penis . 
  supermarkets are probably not the best example . 
  here , in hungary , for example the largest infrastructure companies are strabag ( austria ) , swietelsky ( austria ) , colas ( france ) and among the biggest benefiters of the infrastructure ( while also receiving big amounts of money ) are audi ( german ) , mercedes ( german ) , bosch ( german ) , ge ( usa ) . 
  similarly for public transit vehicles and somewhat for the energy sector ( latter one not so much lately ) , mercedes ( german ) , siemens ( german ) , alstom ( french ) , caf ( spanish ) dominate the market . 
  but i think we have a bunch of solaris buses also , which is a polish company , so the money goes the other way also  i mean that is probably alright ; that 's why some eu countries were happy to expand the eu to the east , big chunks of money are funneled back anyways while the infrastructure stays there so everyone is happy ( well , at least in an ideal scenario , 
  i 've never seen such cold temperatures in buildings in europe than in the us . 
  it was the worst in florida . 
  i mean , of course , your balls are melting outside and you need some cooling but why the fuck do you cool down your buildings all the way to 20c ? 
  feels like a smash in your face with a shovel when you step outside into the hot air . 
  some wore hoodies inside and took them off when they went outside . 
   how many of those types of regulations actually come from the eu ? 
  i ca n't think of any . 
  good point . 
  probably lots but i 'm not familiar enough with them . 
  maybe the eu is just an easy target to blame . 
  but i do think that a local government would give more leeway to people simply because it knows the circumstances better . 
  people can not afford euro-6 engines ?
