  plus we also tried this communism thing and did n't work out too well . 
  well i never really called them hitler or demanded them out , have i ? 
  ultimately , they can stay as long as they want ( and they will ! ), 
  since they do n't play with my taxes or my life . 
  but i do n't agree with the democratic part - turkish , russian , hungarian model does not fit into my ( maybe strict ) definition of democracy . 
  of course it is not perfect , we all know that . 
  it should be criticized and improved - not `` brussels '' but the eu and its institutions . 
  `` brussels '' is not a single administration , just some buzzword which serves as an easy target . 
  the eu has at least 6 key institutes ( most of which are in brussels ) . 
  how about people start to work on actual problems with the actual institutes instead of mindlessly pointing at `` brussels '' - i can get behind that . 
  propaganda shit whole premise is * schematics * [ sic ] hurts when alluded would try it in japanese but i 'm not good enough yet, 
  this time is mostly about a fight over utility bills . 
  government artificially lowered the price of some utilities ( over the last few years ) effectively forcing some companies out of business so they can buy up those utility companies for cheap . 
  eu does n't like this because it is heavily against free market and competition . 
  [ sure ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e0/21/86/e02186d3a15a77e50db1145e8a7e1ef4--sad-meme.jpg ), 
  i mean really , they are stealing dutch , german , french , etc. 
  money left and right . 
  if no one inside the country , then at least someone on the other side of the paycheck should do something about it . 
  send a letter to your local eu representative that they need to step up against these dickheads . 
  you have n't been keeping up with news from hungary in the past couple of years , have you ? 
  brussels is a city . 
  where some key institutes of the eu happens to reside in . 
  of course brussels =\\ = eu . 
  just like apples =\\ = rib-eye steaks . 
  using `` brussels '' posed as some 3rd party shady entity to mask your anti-eu propaganda is prime bullshit argument . 
  i 've heard mixed reviews of the tragicomedy that is currently on . 
  it is good times . 
  it should be . 
  safer and better than ever . 
  but there are a few coward shitfaces shitting all over trying to make you feel shitty exploiting media and the internet . 
  fuck them , worthless bastards . 
  almost every geographical region has its favorite . 
  some use whatsapp , some use viber , some use line ... 
  get a job -  apply for visa -  done . 
  it is really that simple if you have a job offer . 
  there is a work & holiday visa also which allows you to stay in the country for extended period of time and also get a temporary job meanwhile . 
  it is easy to get a permanent visa from there on . 
  work visas for the first time are usually issued for 1 year but it can be easily extended as long as you are employed . 
  i got a 3 year visa though . 
  both the visa and the citizenship is easier to get than the us one though . 
  i live in tokyo and does n't feel as dense as i expected , and the rest of the country is a breeze compared to it  it is just endlessly large . 
  half of hungary is also very sparsely populated , poland aswell and most of anything in the central and eastern part of europe . 
  they do . 
  they did accept me  ( well , i am on a temporary visa but i can easily stay if i want to ) . 
  but you 're right the main reason of the difference in population decline that germany has much , much more immigrants . 
   japan has insane population density large but i would n't call it insane ( not on par with city states and small islands at least ) . 
  smaller than belgium 's and netherlands ' . 
  japan has larger area than germany , many people do n't realize that . 
  fun fact : for comparison , japan 's is 1.41 . 
  yes , the ` prime example ' of aging and declining population - and it has higher fertility rate than majority of eu , slightly higher than germany . 
  so it 's like cee . 
  japan is not as much anti-immigrant as the internet makes it to be . 
  it was super easy for me to migrate here ( not even comparable to my experience of getting a us visa ) . 
  my foreign friends in hungary had definitely much harder time to migrate there . 
  culturally they are a bit anti-immigrant , true . 
  but economically they are very open to it . 
  kaizen is basically how to make people work like a robot until we can afford to replace them with actual robots . 
  of course he does . 
  he did the same with obama . 
  trump 's fuckups with taiwan ( and korea , china , etc. ), 
  comes handy for japan big time while obama was overly cautious and the japanese administration did n't like him for it one bit . 
  +1 on this ; even though it might not be a genuine relationship `` just '' an undercutting the chinese and the us . 
  but also worth noting that abe might have a better relationship with trump than he did with obama ( as long as the orangehead just talks and does n't actually stab him in the back ) . 
  why not ? 
  japan is very conservative , traditional and also super safe . 
  so for them its like `` it worked so far , why change it '' . 
  midsize cities in the western part of the country ( some of which start to offer better life quality than the capital ) . 
  but less true as you go east . 
  lem me know if you come to asia . 
   hungary gets funds from the eu but that money probably will be significantly less after 2020 anyways . 
  i am ashamed . 
  not necessarily , bridges are narrow so trams and cars sometimes have to share the road on bridges . 
  edit : hm , or is it a bridge ? 
  this is more of an experience than knowledge but i visited ukraine in june 2014 , kiev to be specific . 
  everyone was telling me that is unsafe : the revolution has only happened half a year before and there was a war ( kindof ) going on the far east . 
  but hey , flight and accommodation was cheap and i did n't believe it will be dangerous or bad and boy i was right to the bone !, 
  while maidan nezalezhnosti was still in pretty bad shape and brought tears to my eyes , the rest of the city center was clean , safe , lively and amazing . 
  the outskirts of the town has some pretty run-down areas but the touristy and business area is a bit more modern and cleaner than i am used to in budapest . 
  i had great food ( most of the time i did n't even know what i am ordering ) , cheap booze and it was and still is the only orthodox place i visited which was very exciting for me ( well , i 've been to romania but only in transylvania which is not too orthodox ) . 
  beautiful city !, 
  i 've been to a couple of places from new york to tokyo and i still consider kiev among the better ones i visited . 
  i want to go to the hockey world championship and see our boys fight on the ice so badly but now i live in japan and can not really afford to travel there ( and home ) now . 
  edit : and i helped a lot keeping the ukrainian flag tidy on / r/place , 
  people do realize but they just shrug and say `` the others are corrupt too '' . 
  and that 's it . 
  it is sad but people do n't care much about it especially since they are mostly stealing german/french/dutch / etc. 
  money in forms of eu funds . 
  oh yeah i see it now it is between the two other pins . 
  i live in japan and i do n't have this much blossom around : /, 
  and i missed out on this : /, 
  though i know the word , i 've actually only heard japanese people refer to it as `` pc '' ( more like [ pee shee ] ) and never as pasokon . 
  and as a software engineer , i talk about pc stuff with them on a daily basis . 
  maybe because they speak some english . 
  once i had a us visa ( hungarian citizen ) and now have a japanese one . 
  japanese is way easier and simpler to get . 
  even though the us one was not too bad either for me , that was a student visa . 
  work visas are a completely different thing , us probably has one of the harshest and most messed up regulation ( which is justified to some extent but sucks to get denied from a job because the employer is not willing to take the risks of the visa process ) . 
  also , getting into japan was incomparably more pleasant and easy . 
  once i got held in an interrogation room in the us for no apparent reason ( in chicago ) even though i was only passing through on my way to canada . 
  they were super rude , it was a relief to get to the canadian border control ,
