in finland , a man was operating through uber and was [ convicted ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/uber-kuskille_tuomio_helsingissa_sakkoja_ja_12_000_euron_ansiot_valtiolle/8795657 ) to pay 150 $ fine and to pay back to the government the 12.000 $ he made through the service . 
  they do n't mess around here . 
  should have put the rabbit there from the same show !, 
  again putting words to my mouth . 
  you say oversimplification yet you paint the scene as black and white as it can be . 
  there is much more to what happened in libya . 
  it also now appears you know very little about russia and its people . 
  most of the things you have said here can be said of usa as well . 
  the two countries are similar in so many ways . 
  it appears this can not go anywhere when your replies are `` so '' and murmuring . 
  it saddens me . 
  in the end the statue actually looks complete !, 
  they should put that up somewhere along with these pictures . 
  would n't that be an art work depicting the current times in spain and in catalonia ? 
  [ here 's what i get for free , just for being a student . 
  i 'm saying that us is aggressive towards russia as well as vice versa . 
  i 'm not lumping things to same categories , that 's putting words to my mouth :( and as for nato advancement . 
  they have kept going towards russia in territory and now with bases . 
  i would be worried if i were there as well as usa should be worried if russia was building bases towards usa . 
  the situation in libya was not simple and can not be simplified as being just in a civil war already . 
  and now you have started calling names . . libya was building a common currency . 
  this is known . 
  it is not a far stretch to see the correlation between that and them being attacked by the west . 
  or else it was very very convenient timing for us . 
  by getting to russia i 'm still trying to make the argument that russia is not just simply this black and white villain of the movies and the us being a hero to save us all . 
  it 's all just shades of neutral grey and these two super powers are very close to each other . 
  cuba has until very recently still been under trade sanctions . 
  that is quite dominant position to be in for the us . 
  and for the black sea , the situation there has been difficult and a nato base in crimea would definitely challenge russia 's power in those waters , which , only for the eastern coast i agree , is their right . 
  i do see the stabilizing sides as well in nato 's actions and all in all i see it being needed at the moment in the world . 
  i 'm saying that i 'm seeing it as a necessary thing which can and is doing questionable things as well . 
  it would be dangerous not to be criticizing of their actions as well as the russian 's as well . 
  being in a small country between these two big world powers and seeing them in action makes me vary . 
  the us is still going to other countries and attacking . 
  that is aggression . 
  and the nato bases are being built towards russia from west and south west . 
  that is advancement . 
  libya was not falling into a civil war . 
  it was blown out of proportion and the west was all to happy to bomb the country and conveniently destroy any chance to move the african continent from the grips of dollar . 
  ukraine is important in the matter of crimea and if they want to lean toward the west then that is their right . 
  there has been a lot of issues in all that and it just seems ukraine was another stepping stone towards being able to get to russia . 
  and again , russia is handling crimea in a bad way . 
  usa does n't need to threaten cuba because it is subdued and bowing already to the us . 
  and just calling usa a democracy does not give it a free pass on foreign politics . 
  they can still be and are very very aggressive country . 
  the black sea is important to russia just as the coastal waters on the eastern side of us are important to it . 
  russia is not there and neither should usa or nato be in the waters of black sea as aggressively as they are . 
  the way i see it is all these things are keeping the fire going under the us military complex that exploded far too big a long time ago . 
  any country that does not submit to the us currency and to us corporations ravaging resources from their countries are aggressively put down . 
  russia is by no means innocent in their behaviour but the way usa is advancing and taking control of territory to advance its position as a world power is aggressive behaviour as opposed to defensive or neutral . 
  any countries veering off this are met with aggression such as libya . 
  if nato were to built their bases in crimea , it would go against russia and its control over the black sea . 
  again , it would be the same as for russia to now start building a base on the coasts of cuba and claiming they are there just to protect their national interests . 
  the whole world would condemn that as aggressive behaviour . 
  the same goes for crimea and the black sea . 
  a base there would be aggressive . 
  and cuba was an ally of soviet union . 
  the similarities are not a far stretch between then and now , surely . 
  and the black sea is very important for caucasus which has critical natural resources for russia as well as being important geographically . 
  again , i do n't like russia 's way of handling the crimean issue but it would be na\u00efve to assume they would just be ok with us aggressive expansion on those waters . 
  i would count aggressive behaviour as establishing military bases around the areas of russia and keeping military equipment as well as soldiers in those bases . 
  you may colour it as you please , they are still people with weapons . 
  us has ships in the black sea when they ought to have little business there . 
  you do n't see many russian fleets on the shores of new york either because that 's non of russia 's business to be there . 
  us holds dominance over cuba and stopped the soviets from escalating the situation . 
  nato is escalating the situation by building their bases closer and closer to russia 's heartland . 
  that is aggressive behaviour . 
  well ukraine had plans for that and russia made its point clear . 
  i would n't be too surprised to see some conflicts in the satellite countries between the two super powers as has been happening throughout the decades now . 
  i do n't really see them attacking is finland would join nato . 
  neither would i see them attacking were we not to join . 
  this would also spare us putting up nato bases very very close to russia and causing a conflict . 
  i 'm worried for nato to have interest to expand towards russia as they have been doing throughout the past decades . 
  the noose is getting tighter on russia and they have become more aggressive . 
  i do n't want our country to be treated as a stepping stone to get close to st. petersburg and other important targets . 
  indeed . 
  we share the same strategy as switzerland . 
  our lands are relatively resource poor , if important by geological location . 
  to deter invaders we have the means to demolish our entire country meter by by meter and make it economically unviable to invade . 
  like the ussr only building on cuban soil back in the day ? 
  the aggression is very clearly there and crimea is as important for russia as cuba was and is for the us . 
  again , russia absolutely handles the matter in a disgusting way by waging war , but they are not the only culprit to the matter . 
  if we were to join nato , i see that we 'd be treated just as a battleground for other countries ' interests and nobody would really care for us . 
  it 's the us that keeps pushing east with nato bases . 
  i 'm not looking at it with blue eyes . 
  i know russia is doing a lot of bad stuff as well and they are to blame for a lot of things . 
  still there is a lot of aggression from both sides . 
  and it would just kinda put us in the middle of all of it , as if it was n't difficult already . 
  we do n't want to be fodder for other major war mongering powers in the world . 
  i hate it when the us keeps aggravating the situation towards russia and for some reason russia is always to blame . 
  we do n't want to be a part of that . 
  i love how everybody joining into this discussion is dutch , yet keep the conversation in english for all of our sake . 
  it reminds me of a situation where you 're talking with a group of people where there 's like five of your nationality and one foreigner . 
  at some point the foreigner goes away from the group , yet everyone keeps the talk in english and nobody reacts in any way . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i 'd imagine the police might also settle for less if you handle the matter personally . . or is this a common thing there ? 
  greece appears to be strict but everyone i 've ever heard to actually drive there has told me they go as fast as they can . 
  my father was honked constantly on the highway when he was `` only '' speeding 20km/h over the limit for slowing down the traffic and people were overtaking him . 
  they are wondering a bit as well over at / r/mexico, 
  that 's the spirit !,
