hah , cool . 
  i can literally see my house on this picture . 
  kelly 's heroes, 
  this is a lie . 
  i just do n't understand it . 
  that is one of those films i absolutely love showing to people for the very first time . 
  what is that estonian one ? 
  never seen it before . 
  i live there , 
  you got estonian wrong . 
  we call it '' \u00e4tt '' , which is estonian for `` old man '' . 
  \u00d6ster , \u00d6stria , austria ... makes sense to me . 
  estonia is not a member ? 
  anyone got the full list of countries ? 
  the problem with these programs is that you ca n't use evidence collected this way in a court of law , because the collection of this data is illegal and because disclosing evidence would mean disclosing the limitations of these programs . 
  so they continue to be used in a clandestine manner -- combating terrorism , spying on lovers , journalists , politicians , leaking `` hints '' and `` tips '' to other government agencies , to friendly journalists , to friendly politicians , etc. 
  the continued secrecy of these programs essentially depends on them being abused . 
  there is no other way . 
  the spies have painted themselves into a corner . 
  nah , it 's real . 
  the two drunk politicians have admitted as much and apologized . 
  one of them was supposed to run for mayor this fall , but gave that up as a result . 
   we really need stronger eu laws on data protection . 
  guess what ? 
  the eu can legislate whatever the fuck it wants , * but it 's not going to change anything . 
  * eu treaties have a fundamental problem : they fully exempt state security agencies . 
  the ec and the ep can pass whatever regulations they want . 
  there is zero chance it will affect anything that the gchq does with nsa . 
   i heard that they have the access to internet in their constution . 
  is that true ? 
  nope . 
  i think that 's finland . 
  should n't the bank be paying you interest for the privilege of holding your money ? 
   i transferred money from one bank to another on sunday ; it arrived in the destination account before i 'd even switched browser tabs . 
  how the eff ? 
  seriously ? 
  here in estonia if i transfer from swedbank to seb after 6pm on friday , the money wo n't arrive until 9am on monday . 
  and the reason , they say , is because all euro payments got ta go through a central european clearinghouse , which is closed over the weekend and on weird holidays . 
   all transfers from eur accounts to any eu bank are required to be free clearly this is not the case in estonia :(, 
  how is it free ? 
  you sending me money would be free ? 
  me sending you money would not be free !, 
  me sending my neighbor money would cost a lot , even . 
   transfer fees between countries of the euro zone and sweden are the same as within one of those countries that does not seem to be the case . 
  the wikipedia article for sepa claims that uk is a part and there 's a eu-wide regulated fee for these payments ? 
  seriously ? 
  how did that happen ? 
  because the banks charging insane fees in estonia are owned by swedish banks ... 
  fun fact . 
  germans are doing the exact same thing : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/berlin-profits-from-us-spying-program-and-is-planning-its-own-a-906129.html, 
  the eu can not legally do anything except say that they might do something , because all spy shit is specifically excluded from fundamental eu treaties . 
  as a response to echelon , there was a huge controversy over this in 2001 and the european parliament prepared a report and it went exactly nowhere . 
  of course there is passion . 
  we just need to fix some structural problems , which drive bad legislation : * more democratic control over the european commission . 
  * we 've opened the door to the same kind of lobbying that 's going on in the united states with the exception that it 's much easier for us to kill this problem before it gets worse . 
  * stop appointing people to the ec in exchange for political favors . 
  we got ta have some actual elections for those positions . 
  * we 're going in the wrong direction with laws killing freedom of speech and freedom of the internet . 
  * ** most imortant : ** we need to learn from the us `` interstate commerce '' flaw -- a clause , which gave the federal government control over anything influencing interstate commerce . 
  started off small , but this loophole has been used by the federal government to start legislating pretty much everything that should be up to the states . 
  in europe we do n't have the same loophole . 
  our loophole is privacy protection . 
  * everything * involves personal data to some degree and the ec knows this . 
  the current data protection reform is just a power grab . 
  it was an open visitors day with many public events going on in the building and this was a public computer for anyone 's use in a public place . 
  i 've accidentally done more dangerous things . 
  like accidentally gone through the security check there on a regular day carrying pepper spray in my pocket without anyone discovering it . 
  and there 's still no security camera in the cloakroom . 
  it 's a small group that pretty much just squatted the pirate party label . 
  the following is based on the best of my information and is my understanding of things . 
  i got ta put this disclaimer so i do n't get accused of slander  anyway . 
  this particular scandalous guy `` joined '' the party in january . 
  all members are accepted or refused by at least 2/3 of the board . 
  and what actually happened was that he was refused membership by 2/3 of the board . 
  but the 3rd guy , m\u00e4rt p\u00f5der , just put his name on the membership list . 
  the other 2 did n't fight it much . 
  then came the first scandal . 
  2/3 of the board wanted to distance themselves , but , again , m\u00e4rt p\u00f5der released press statements doing the opposite . 
  so one of the board members resigned from the board as well as the party . 
  then came this scandal . 
  the reasonable board member and pretty much everyone else wanted to kick this thief out of the party swiftly , but m\u00e4rt p\u00f5der refused and came up with bullshit procedural reasons for not doing so . 
  and released another press release . 
  so that one reasonable board member is very close to leaving the party . 
  leaving just m\u00e4rt p\u00f5der and this scandalous thief dude . 
  and two people are not a political party . 
  this satellite will be the world 's first test of a new type of space propulsion system : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/e-sail, 
  insufficient supply . 
  our police is highly effective . 
  weed is super expensive here . 
  although me and another dude just started the estonian medical marijuana association to make it readily available for patients who need it . 
  you could call it por\u0161ek , actually . 
  it is similar enough to pro\u0161ek , but not to prosecco . 
  estonia is wolf country !, 
  judging by how err was the only media channel , which even bothered posting an overview of the votes and only 17 % of those asked to come actually showed up ... 
  i 'm assuming it was fairly unimportant . 
  estonia here . 
  * [ a politician of the social democratic party claimed that estonia had never been attacked by the russians ] ( http://news.err.ee/sketchbook/3a734a5d-266e-41bd-a222-b4c8489c3aca ) -- this , obviously , created a huge shitstorm . 
  ... and that 's about it , really . 
  not much else is going on . 
   greenland was but checked-out what ?
