  how did that happen ? 
  estonia here . 
  you might get laughed at if you 're prancing in the street with a pink t-shirt and a miniskirt ( especially since it 's goddamn winter here right now ) , but mostly we do n't give a shit about what you do in the privacy of your bedroom . 
  a considerable number of estonian public figures our `` out '' to a various degree and they do n't get assaulted on a regular basis . 
  and there are gay clubs at least in tallinn . 
  we have gay parades on a yearly basis and they are generally fairly uneventful . 
  any kind of opposition to gays would be from either the christian church or from skinheads . 
  the former does not play any sort of significant role in estonian public life and the latter is way , way , way less significant than the church . 
  basically unless you go out of your way to find some skinheads somewhere ( i ca n't remember the last time i actually saw one ) and tried to hit on them , you 're unlikely to get assaulted . 
  austerity works in estonia , because while the government and private sector are both cutting , the amount of cash flowing in from the eu as development aid continues to be substantial , therefore stimulating the local economy . 
  the markets might have dried up a bit , but eu funds keep the ball rolling and the cuts reduce labor costs , so it sort of balances out . 
  estonia is oftentimes held up as the posterboy for austerity , but considering the amount of eu funds channeled to local businesses , we might as well be a posterboy for krugman 's theories . 
  when it comes to fiscal policy estonia is a sort of schr\u00f6dinger nation . 
  the language may have changed , but without knowing more about the methodology of this particular mapmaker , i 'm going to assume he 's wrong . 
  estonian here ... wut ? 
  `` saaremaa '' is not `` isle of land '' . 
  it 's `` island land '' or `` island country '' , if you want . 
  `` danish fort '' for `` tallinn '' seems fishy . 
  afaik it 's more like `` danish city '' or `` taanilinn '' . 
  `` sandland '' for `` liivimaa '' seems weird . 
  that would be `` liivamaa '' , which it 's not . 
  `` oxen '' for `` tartu '' sounds really wrong . 
  names for it in the past have been `` dorpat '' and `` yuryev '' , but i 'm not sure which of these means `` oxen '' in any language , if they do . 
  and `` waterside dwelling '' for the whole of estonia or `` eesti '' is ... weird . 
  the name comes from the people who used to live there in ancient times and called themselves `` aestid '' or whatnot . 
  it was not a place name . 
  i 've seen german porn . 
  there 's no way i 'm dating a german girl after that . 
  yes , but what can you actually do to russia ? 
   soon after the announcement of the referendum results , i was made aware of a certain preference by some eurogroup participants , and assorted ` partners ' , for my ... ` absence ' from its meetings ; an idea that the prime minister judged to be potentially helpful to him in reaching an agreement . 
  for this reason i am leaving the ministry of finance today . 
  haha , brilliant !, 
  first tsipras got the backing of the greeks . 
  now he has the backing of all europeans , who will be pissed off to the max seeing their own heads of state forcing another eu government 's minister to resign just because they do n't `` like him '' . 
  most people in the eu are going to interpret this as `` if our head of state can make another country 's beloved minister resign , then other heads of state can make our country 's beloved minister resign , therefore we must support greece and varoufakis and tsipras ! '', 
  brilliant !, 
  these guys are rewriting the book on how to do foreign policy effectively . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i 've never served in the armed forces , so my understanding of what is taught there is very limited . 
  i was excluded from military service for health reasons . 
  back injury . 
  that ~ 5000 is the standing army -- that is , people who are * currently * serving in the armed forces . 
  military service is compulsory to all males over 18 and we have , i think , around 100k people in reserve right now , that could be mobilized . 
  and it 's not about civilians becoming guerrilla fighters . 
  the plan is for those 100k to become a hidden a guerrilla army , conducting hit-and-run attacks around the country . 
   station a bunch of artillery units close to the russian border and point them at the closest/most populated russian city ( 's ) , to deter russia from invading in the first place . 
  putin do n't give a fuck . 
  most likely , yes . 
  because those things are not part of our defense strategy . 
  the best recent analogy to baltics vs russia is actually iraq vs usa . 
  did tanks defend iraq ? 
  nope . 
  tanks are offensive weapons anyway . 
  for defending you need anti-tank weapons . 
  we have those . 
  did frigates defend iraq ? 
  nope . 
  we have no enemies that are going to come from the sea . 
  did combat aircraft defend iraq ? 
  nope . 
  the enemy is too advanced . 
  we do have patrol fighters , tho . 
  underpowered and can mount a gun and a couple of air-to-air missiles , but are largely flown unarmed to confirm airspace violations . 
  you know what worked in iraq ? 
  guerrilla warfare . 
  isis is made up of former iraqi military and intelligence officers . 
  and it 's pretty successful . 
  our defense plan here in the baltics is to create a guerrilla army and terrorize the occupier until allies arrive . 
  if you do n't like the iraq analogy , think france in 1940s , but without the pre-war illusions of being able to defend itself . 
  this is true in every country . 
  the whole idea was to have him in police custody when the us makes its request . 
  had assange been questioned while he was in sweden , he would have been merely a visitor at the police station . 
  able to walk out at any moment . 
  so the police did not want to question him while he was still in sweden . 
  even though he offered to do so . 
  he left for the uk and then suddenly swedish police wants to question him . 
  the difference ? 
  by requesting this via the uk , assange would be essentially arrested , flown to sweden , and be held there as a prisoner during questioning . 
  if the us then requests assange , there is nothing he can do - he is already in jail . 
  he ca n't run like he ran in the uk . 
  the only way to have assange face his charges and not spend time in jail during the investigation exposing himself to us requests is if swedish police agreed to interview assange over the phone or over skype or if they flew to the uk to meet him - all of which is standard procedure for swedish police , except they are refusing to do so in this case . 
  for some reason . 
  people who have really wanted to change things democratically in europe and have tried the methods you mention would disagree with you . 
   1 million eu citizen 's gets you a citizen 's initiative . 
  how 's that for being able to complain for a redress of your grievances ? 
  i know people who have worked on two of these citizen initiatives . 
  it 's a pretty fucking useless law , full of red tape and as neutered as possible . 
  you would get a better result spending just a fifth of your budget wining and dining people who work at the ec . 
  you 've also presented a nice fantasy about being able to remotely control someone somewhere , but i 'm sorry to say that this is still just a fantasy . 
  as long as the parliament is not an * actual * parliament , able to legislate , there will arise no sense of the `` european demos '' and as such people around europe will not feel ownership of the european experiment . 
  the reason this does not work is because the european parliament does not have the mandate to represent its constituents . 
  it can not propose and pass new legislation on its own . 
  you have politicians in the national parliaments blaming the eu for things that the national parliament does not have the mandate to change . 
  the population should then be able to complain to the eu parliament for a redress of their grievances , but since the eu parliament can not propose legislation , they ca n't do anything . 
  you ca n't expect the * demos * in a democracy to feel ownership of a system , which they are unable to democratically control . 
  it just can not happen psychologically . 
  imagine a united states where the federal congress can not propose legislation . 
  where only the president 's administration can propose federal regulation . 
  it would be just as absurd as the current structure of the eu . 
  i 'm not opposed to the idea of the european union .
