  fixing spain from the bar . 
  i doubt it , it 's in our dna , even if you live in the centermost part of spain you wo n't be happy with spain . 
  and it 's been like that for centuries . 
  i remember rreading that in flanders wars spaniards argued between them as much as they did with their enemies . 
  what if it 's all a set up ? 
  what if `` vice '' wanted to record another documentary and they needed an isis village ? 
  i ca n't have sanex bottles in the shower . 
  i guet a bonner , feel so dirty and need to fustigate myself with the shower hosepipe to purge my soul . 
  this is not exactly the same , but i remember when i was a child , some 20 years ago , seeing naked bodies in shampoo and soap ads on the tv . 
  are we going backwards ? 
  yummmm !, 
  true . 
  lactose in my case . 
  i saw many animal slaughter when i was a kid ( my family owns a butchery for more than 70 years ) and i do n't have any trauma . 
  are you calling the peugeot 106 and 205 rubbish ? 
  the 504 and 405 ? 
  the 306 ? 
  the citro\u00ebn berlingo , 2cv , ax , c15 , ds , the new c4 ( congratulations citro\u00ebn for your new design ) ? 
  the renault 4 , 5 , 7,8 , traffic , clio ... rubbish ? 
  you do n't know what you talk about . 
  go ask the owners :d, 
   i 'm in the middle of the ugly brown ( soon to be red ) spot . 
  let 's prepare the `` fieldum '' for this very long term `` proiectum '' called europa . 
  so if things were n't enough messed up at home , let 's call our southern new neighbors who promissed help to fix it up . 
  neighbors stayed 700 years at home . 
  the tulips bubble in holland ? 
  british celebrating they took cartagena de indias before getting their ass kicked ? 
  im in alacant province , 
  do they hit you if you are in the street ? 
  does it hurt ? 
  if so , what do you do when it hapens or how do you prevent em from hiting you ? 
  it sounds scary : s ps : i thought clouds were sent by the gods to provide us of shade from time to time . 
  like a price for being good . 
  would anyone mind explaining to me eli5 way , what does the term `` rain '' stands for ? 
  thank you in advance . 
  tl ; dr : cause it 's hair is so long that it 's steping on it , ca n't even walk and it has a serious risk of falling . 
  yep , the man who put the face when the enormous shit hit the huge fan . 
  andabatae shows were n't that crazy ide after all ... tothe colosseum with him !!!, 
  i ca n't see anything but benefits : giving use to the colosseum again , rising prices cause there 's some real stuff going on inside , atracting even more tourists , reducing overpopulation , one less mouth to fill in the jails ... 
  he is mariano rajoy during the nights while asleep and `` plasmaaaan !!! '', 
  during the days . 
  he can skip any question , left it unresponded , he fools you with his menthal escapist habilities , he can answer absolute nonsense without smiling ( thing that makes you think if he is sane or what ) and when you think he is hopeless and things are impossible to resolve , then , he uses his master trick : he turns into a flat screen !!!!, 
  he is [ plasmaaaaan !!!!, 
  ] ( http://estaticos.elperiodico.com/resources/jpg/9/6/1365020043669.jpg ) 70 's batman tv series tune here ), 
  glorious moment . 
  one pallet of bricks , concrete , bag of gips a spanish `` paleta '' and a pack of ducados . 
  good , pretty and cheap . 
  how shall we call it then ? 
  cause it made a little change in that continent . 
  nous have spare bourbons here in case you want to do a realistic scenification . 
  spanish president and his party have been walking the tightrope for long time now . 
  shall we preventively attack them ? 
  thank you , i 've been using that word without knowing it . 
  i also use `` spiks '' to refer to spaniards :p, 
  yes , they 're going to ruin the country like syriza did ... oh wait !, 
  i 'm ok with south americans , asians , pakis , north africans , sub saharian , i mean , i 'm ok with all kind of people , even with some gypsies that live like a `` normal '' family here . 
  i think that if i say that i do n't like this kind of people who lives from begging , stealing copper wires , destroying their own house given by the government and a long etc i should n't be called a racist . . 
  just because you follow the rules and do n't crash your car does n't . make you the best driver !, 
  best drivers are the italians , i 've seen them doing things with their fiats that a german could n't even imagine in their german cars . 
  shut up you racist !, 
  why do you lie to me ? 
  it 's clearly not the same people . 
  pkk is anything but conservative regarding woman rights . 
  liar !, 
  i did n't deny anything . 
  i only asked you . 
  i thought they fought cause they want to keep the land they consider is theirs . 
  so , i guess this kurds are not the same that fight against the isis . 
  those seem to be more advanced . 
  is not dead . 
  aka big flag , small people . 
  ups !, 
  ups !, 
  sorry , i do n't know how to change the ubication . 
  dupond et dupont helping greece ? 
  thank you , their elders probably speak valencia/catala at home . 
  mpart of my family went to algeria , they have good memories from when they were living there and also have bitter feelings for the revolution . 
  is it still a big thing the pied noirs in france ? 
  there are some associations here in the south of valencia . 
  pirates ... pirates everywhere . 
  reading ? 
  are you sure ? 
  another one in the 27 club . 
  it 's a pity , who knows what her talent and soul could have brought to us , who knows how far her career could have take her . 
  i see it like that post in the front page yesterday where a 35min fireworks for the 4th of july was burnt in 1 minute . 
  intense and much funnier than the usual boum ... boum ... boum ... ... ... boum ones . 
  i 'd give you reddit gold if i had germoneys for that comment . 
  as a person who lives in a highly touristic zone you made me laugh out loud . 
  it 'll never be the same without kelme . 
  hehe , 
  now you 'll start to understand siesta  40 is very strange here too . 
  not every year we reach so high temperatures . 
  they go to visit southern italy , but prefer to live here . 
  why ? 
  i guess weather and safety . 
  where i live for example temperatures go from 0 degrees in a cold winter night to 36 in a hot summer day . 
  for safety you just have to check the statistics . 
  rustynutsandboltsbaglovers united !!!, 
  romanticism of the 21st century . 
  i wo n't be wrong if i say that riding a bike in moscow is almost suicidal , right ?
