  damn !, 
  i 'm a cars fan , too bad i ca n't find a saab easily here in a scrapyard and send you the part . 
  citroen c-15 and saxo peugeot 205 and 106 renault19 , clio , 4l and express . 
  say again french cars are n't reliable . 
  europe is interests here , capital there , markets , fortunes and people like us , proud to be europeans and seeing a whole nation being fagocited by private interest . 
  all for the sake of business . 
  you listen to this , think about your ideal europe , see how really it is and makes you want to blow it all up or sit and cry for what it could have been . 
  obsolete ? 
  i still use it . 
  with fake mexican accent sounds funny . 
  i guess the same can be used for catalan :p, 
  short as fuck ? 
  what did you mean with that ? 
  my fucks are n't short . 
  i 've played it here in spain for the norwegian colony a few times . 
  we wait for the president de la republica . 
  spain . 
  ( maybe portugal also , not sure about it ), 
  aka portugal stronk !, 
  but we have some thousands covered , . 
  now it 's only a few hundred thousands more that we need to guess . 
  those who work usually run bars and pubs . 
  others are teaching english and others work in gardening and reforming houses for retired british who do n't speak spanish . 
  ( thats here in the coast ), 
  learn language ? 
  excuse me ? 
  tourists in mallorca :p, 
  it is and i love it like this . 
  i like to have long afternoons rather than clear mornings . 
  i 'm waking up at 7:30 now and there 's light enough to do whatever you need to do before you head to your working place . 
  also , i like to do some farming or riding my bike after work without the need of a light , 
  you do n't want to know what 's the image like here in the warm mediterranean . 
  southern italy . 
  weather , people and food . 
  employment ? 
  ramsey a nice guy ? 
  the same ramsey that put chorizo in the paella ? 
  do n't forget spain is also europe and fascism was ruling ( or about to ) the country . 
  same with italy . 
  the circus has arrived to the city ? 
  it 's welcome . 
  gives me pleasure when i see this idiots swallowing their own words . 
  :( gib water plox . 
  you know what 's the bad side of this ? 
  car fuel conssumption . 
  i laugh when they say 4l . / 100km . 
  fap fap fap fap fap ... :d this is too funny . 
  what i always like to explain to my friends is that spain is like a small continent . 
  weather in galicia is totally opposited to almeria for example . 
  . you get into your car at 7am in madrid where it 's snowing and 4 hours later you are here in benidorm ( for example ) where people is relaxing at the sun in the beach . 
  continental , mediterranean , cold and warm deserts , mountains ... 
  same with people . 
  you can see the big difference between us , also our different languajes . 
  yep , it 's a diverse country . 
  hey !!, 
  it rained today for the second time in 2015 . 
  is not only sun and nice weather here . 
  ( pls gib water : s ), 
  lol , sorry mate . 
  i also live in in one touristic destinations ( benidorm ) try to find things to do during `` low season '' your weather in winter is better sometimes than the weather of the rest of this redditors in summer . 
  i was going to use this map to see where i go for vacations next time , but if you say it 's wrong ... :(, 
  that plus most nigerians are all princes with lots of money that ca n't take out of nigeria unleast you help them by sending some money to this account i will send you in private . 
  i still remember how `` calm '' oktoberfest was until the weekend when all italians arrived xd . 
  `` il cuore , la sangue , la patria '' they liked to sing . 
  i ca n't remember that day , but i remember like a couple years later we were visited in my tow by ukranian children . 
  i remember they sang and danced ( and girls were so cute  ) not sure why they came but i think it had to be something with the sun , i remember ( not very clear ) they explained to me that the sun was good for them . 
  in spanish : `` ver los toros desde la barrera '', 
  sounds very good for a spanish speaking person . 
  im mean !, 
  look for coca ( pastry ) in wikipedia, 
  i 'd invite him to a bottle of wino and pa a la catalana with ham for the rest of his days . 
  this is the valencian/catalan/balearic version of the [ pizza ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/coca_ ( pastry ), 
  til pugs are actually dogs . 
  i do , ignorance maybe ? 
  +1 for mentioning valor  i live nearby the city where it 's produced and hmmmm that smell when i go and they are roasting the cocoa . 
  thats when while in holidays they meet a stranger looking girl . 
  you foki foki ? 
  = do you want to fuck ? 
  spaniards in general do n't know much more english than `` hello , bye bye , foki foki '' and thats pretty much it . 
  man , are you going to let them win in a civil war and become saudi arabia ? 
  what 's the ratio non islam/islam people ? 
  pd : saudi arabia will start to lose influence soon . 
  i like south americans , the only `` bad side '' of it it 's their religious views . 
  they 're very christians : s, 
  secret ( spaniards and english languaje tend to be like water and oil ), 
  i wanted to point out that few non spaniard people made a reference to spain in this thread . 
  i do n't think it 's that terrible . 
  there 's very good people in forocoches also . 
  it 's funny how spain is always less represented than much smaller countries in reddit . 
  criticised ? 
  they 're in the good path then . 
  i hate to say it but yes , roads here are very good usually . 
  i do n't defend it ( in fact im against all religions and their childish books and followers ) i just do n't get in other countries businesses . 
  not only that , it 's also a law so just wear it . 
  ( i 'm against such things but they 're in iran , not europe ), 
  i 'm not touching myself , cause there 's this cigarette paper between my fingers and my dick . 
  thats what it means : royal family involved in bla bla bla ... noooo no no , she 's only the aunt of the king , she 's out of the royal royal family . 
  psoe was supposed to be centre left , they 've lost the s for socialista and the o for obrero on the way . 
  they 've faded . 
  spain ( specially women ) is getting fat at a high speed .
