  did they sprayed them with monsanto 's poison ? 
  jokes aside , mafia knows how to infiltrate everywere . 
  it 's scary . 
  i was practicing our national sport . 
  sorry if i have n't added enough details . 
  sorry if im not politically correct , but only muslims i 100 % trust are those who enjoy a beer from time to time . 
  it was located when they found an irregularity of 5cm in their normally flat surface . 
  did n't know if to report they 've found it or call it a hill . 
  italy my friend , whenever i meet one of you , wherever i am , i automatically feel like i met a bro . 
  you and your narrow autostradas , worst politicians on earth , b money , corruption , poor trashy south , stinky roma , chaotic driving , litering always , overloaded turistic cities , fiat cars that break in 2 years ... ( am i doing right at our national sport ? 
  self hate and blaming ), 
  he 's clearly not a spaniard . 
  i love your landscapes , your nature , how welcoming your people is , good sense of humor , that rotten fisk and p\u00f8lser and ( i know is not politically correct ) your stunning women . 
  look at assange 's case . 
  yes it does in alacant coast , `` costa blanca '' but the homicides you hear of are often between rich russians or drug dealers . 
  and sadly , the husband killing his wife . 
  i could n't decide between la marsellaise and russian anthem . 
  exposition time for the photography ? 
  daily bar visits ? 
  seems like i could live in hungary . 
  res , una rebequeta i au !, 
  why us ? 
  they get drunk , some times create some noise but not big things usually . 
  at least the ones i get to meet in my everyday . 
  nope , 
  is not like it was an everyday routine to have sex with 13yo teens . 
  i 'd bet the change of the law has changed little in real life . 
  when you have an already beautiful landscape , is it really that necessary to photoshop it ? 
  [ pilota valenciana , `` a llargues in this case '' ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/llargues ) it 's an interesting game , but football ... you know ? 
  whats the plan if al assad steps aside ? 
  do they think it will be possible to build a consistent govern ? 
   but during summer it 's impossible to sleep without fans or airconditioning . 
  underrated !?!? 
  all i know from the faroe islands is pictures about it 's spectacular and beautiful landscapes and nature . 
  i 'm sure mb knows more than they want to show , they owned part of tesla for some time . 
  why are n't they releasing more e-cars ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i am sleeping with a feathers blanket , couple of nights ago had to open the window a little cause i woke up sweating . 
  slept the rest of the night like that . 
  must be that according to their calendar [ roger de flor ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roger_de_flor ) is still alive . 
  ok , [ we 're ready for combat ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pxenemqlmk0 ), 
  you know what ? 
  i live in a very popular tourist destination for british people , and the ones who give them more money are ... yes , you 're right !, 
  the british . 
  xd ps : i see them taken and being picked from their begging spots in 5 or 6 years old audis : s, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  ( plis , just take back the professional beggars ), 
  does a palm tree count as a tree ? 
  i 'll post this special one . 
  this is the [ palmera imperial ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_c7xohbc9d5o/s_dj4qg3d0i/aaaaaaaagw0/0pnxh9woh6w/s1600/viaje+a+elche+%252847%2529.jpg ) in elx , it 's a phoenix dactilifera with 7 symetrical sons and around 180 years . 
  it 's a way to tease them . 
  finally !, 
  someone who will do this things for spain :d i think we 're not as `` internet-crafty '' as the rest of euro redditors . 
  of course i was being sarcastic  new year 's concert in villena is a big event here . 
  i use to stay awake and go to sleep after the concert . 
  you 're now like us from the west . 
  careful with the fires !, 
  care to explain ? 
  because of the coolest song dedicated to a gun ever ? 
  i thought it was aircooled cylinders like the harleys, 
  jewishmasons reds babyeaters with tail which they use to kill flies when bored, 
  lol !, 
  too much disney movies . 
  my uncle , who owns a sheep farm was told the same by the police : if you caught the thieves in the act everything you can do is to call police and sit or maybe help them load the sheep so their backs do n't get injured and you have to pay for their physiotherapist . 
  alcohol price in a bar , or food in a restaurant . 
  i went out after writing the above comment , had a beer in a pub with live music , went to a delicious indian buffet and all for 20 $ . 
  ( could be another reason ), 
  culture , languaje and weather are for me the reasons that make the difference . 
  taliban do n't understand our borders and these stupid lines . 
  it was funny when i met a romanian girl living in sweden and talked to me sounding like if it was a `` telenovela '' soap opera . 
  fucking moustached disgrace , spain is still paying the consequences . 
  soon : spain to deport roma family for failing to integrate for 400 years . 
  europe begins at the north of the pyrenees , did n't you know ? 
  agriculture refers to crops , farming to animals . 
  i sometimes have problems when talking to my english friends ( expats ) about my huerta , so i have teach them what huerta means in my context and i use huerta . 
  plot ? 
  land ? 
  farm ? 
  fields ? ... huerta !, 
  sounds like a plague inc. headline . 
  and they 're downvoting you :d, 
  those ashes are good fertilizer . 
  even in my mediterranean town ? 
  if we only had more money invested in public health and not in politician 's friends ... 
  i always find spare parts for my 1968 mercedes , so you are right . 
  it 'll look like monopoly money for me for the first months . 
  you 're crazy in your country , national sport is basket instead of football , the whole country is flat as a chessboard , your funny cursing formulas and now you tell me you begin the weeks on tuesday ? 
  it 's monday , right ? 
  am i in monday or did i miss a couple days ? 
  id say it 's valencia . 
  edit : ok , no , portugal . 
  it gives it an epic touch . 
  it gives it an epic touch . 
  not in benidorm if you 're a british tourist at 3 am . 
   gets their deepest desires . 
  just imagine how many goats are upthere in heaven . 
  there was this western movie where this guys made money collecting gold dust from under the houses or something . 
  at the end of the movie the town collapses . 
  if they mislead some missile that falls in riad , yes , i 'm with them . 
  what do the others do meanwhile ?
