  spain , italy and morocco ( do n't know who else ), 
  it is already urban . 
  mind translating ? 
  he 's been sent to jail . 
  man , you 're welcome anytime here . 
  poor moldova , i think one day i 'm going to visit it just for the sake of it . 
  see ? 
  much easier with an eli4, 
  o_o did not understand anything but it 's ok :p, 
  what 's wrong with the trinity ? 
  i think they 're doing better than you , but hey !, 
  do n't listen to me , i 'm not very good at numbers , human rights etc. 
  about those who back a president from another country : are they thinking about moving to the meant country to be under his rule or what is their goal ? 
  thats cause they have the money to escape from norway from time to time which makes all the thing somehow paradoxal . 
  i do n't know , but given the level of stupidity of their beliefs , whatever you do will make them impure . 
  get buried by a woman ? 
  cover them with manure ... 
  pig a and b assasinated this citizens in bla bla bla, 
  come here and i 'll tell you how much winter it is !!!, 
  sante , i 'm having a ricard right now . 
  `` no innocent person shall be punished . 
  and the courts will make those decisions . '', 
  ahem ... 
  turning into desert soon : s, 
  i thought it was only 2 islands . 
  evrrry time i hearrr a finish guy talking now makes me think about hydrrrrolic prrres channel . 
  every year , eeeevery year the same moaning . 
  * world, 
  i do give a fuck , once asked here if fyrom or macedonia . 
  nom nom, 
  catalan nationslists masturbate to this map . 
  lack of sun . 
  curious the kind of jobs they have after quiting , always close to those they had to be dealing `` against '' while they were active politicians . 
  it does to me . 
  they need something to fill the front pages . 
  `` ran off to '' i do n't know , but i know he ran from the blonde interviewer !!!, 
  nuts !, 
  you can see the high number of british , french , dutch , belgians , norwegians , swedish , irish , germans ( sorry if i forgot someone ) pensionists living here in alacant . 
  thats was long ago , we also celebrate the `` removement of kebab '' here and no one seems to be hurt about it . 
  but yeah , he 's a clown and he 's desperately trying to control its voters through their feelings . 
  i think their idea is to place it in barcelona :p, 
  i know  have fun while here . 
  cause we depend a lot of the english tourism and a strong pound is important , of course  ( coming to benidorm or surroundings ? ), 
  i think , except for the professional beggars , that they are ok here . 
  i 've seen many mixed couples already , thats a good indicator . 
  `` close friends '' man , are you sure they really are close friends ? 
  good job . 
  needed to be done . 
  gets me every time xd, 
  how would you avoid it ? 
  what 's the purpose for this ? 
  all of us , it 's emabarrasing . 
  same here , i thought it was a spain and italy thing . 
  spanish :p, 
  which language from now in / r/europe ? 
  #latin !, 
  you never met a romanian girl , have you ? 
  is n't it true that there 's corruption ? 
  i have seen people blaming those who voted for proven corrupts but have n't seen anyone blaming democracy . 
  well , except for pedro sanchez after the brexit . 
  would you mind briefly explaining me what that means ? 
  takk, 
  joe strummer said it long ago . 
  i need a mate to help me in spain as a painter & decorator . 
  unemployed financial workers , pm me for further info . 
  i think the ones who throw the milk are the french farmers ... 
  are you in a hurry ? 
  yep , needs many hours cooking inside the pot before you can eat it . 
  brees for everyone !, 
  cheers !, 
  thank you for finding the source of spanish problems . 
  im gon na tell the politicians and tomorrow will be the future for a new spain . 
  sorry , but i have to laugh at you in this one . 
  proud of it ? 
  typical spanish : unemployed spanish guy goes to have a beer with bill gates . 
  does n't matter how poor the spaniard is , he 'll insist to pay for the beers . 
  plastics also , if you use any kind of plastic you 're supporting terrorism . 
  and us in the spanish coast !!!, 
  venezuela venezuela venezuela venezuela . 
  venezuela venezuela venezuela venezuela venezuela venezuela . 
  venezuela venezuela venezuela venezuela . 
  venezuela : - venezuela , venezuela . 
  - venezuela venezuela venezuela venezuela . 
  paciencia . 
  i work at the sun here ( thats why we stop working from 2 to 3:30 ) so a fan during the night is ok for me . 
  you 're all welcome . 
  i do n't understand those who rant about it so much . 
  there 's a fight sometimes but usually all the bad they do is to break a glass or a seat which are already paid by what they drank . 
  ok , i 'm not going to comment what i see here every time i go out . 
  feels normal for me now . 
  ( sent from benidorm ), 
  lol xd, 
  a whole bottle of ricard , you need to be tough . 
  you can avoid benidorm , is not a black hole :d, 
  marina baixa welcomes you , 
  you 're welcome here amigo . 
  hope you do n't mind `` some '' civilians still buried in ditches . 
  i 'm a proud owner of one of their bikes  www.orbea.com, 
  totally agree with you , i work for them and everything is fine . 
  ( orihuela costa is beyond ugly ),
