there is no complicated languaje when you compare it to polish . 
  for me , it made the uk look like a democracy . 
  spanish government did n't like the `` crazy and adventurous '' idea that much . 
  ( pussies ), 
  hehehe bergen and surroundings :d, 
  yeah , they 're giving all the time in the world to the mafia to see what to do with they 're black 500 $ bills . 
  500 $ bills ( bank notes ) are pretty . 
  or the fucking king 's face . 
  tired of it . 
  is not if you are a girl, 
  it even help us to learn some french . 
  hmmmm ... 
  how do the arian sirian looks ? 
  level in this sub went downhill the last 3 weeks . 
  i wonder where the good long elaborate comments went . 
  i have good news for you : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m3m75/migrants_are_disguising_themselves_as_syrians_to/cvca8qn, 
  i 'm a refugee welcome guy but not all immigrants welcome . 
  you mean this last months or the last 25 years ? 
  even women ? 
  well , being fron benidorm does n't seem to be very popular either : /, 
  good old christians , lol . 
  thx for answering . 
  gandia shore has done a lot of mal . 
  all this news about refugees and all of them sounding so surrealistic ... are this sources trustworthy ? 
  cause i 'm struggling to give them some credit . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not trying to take a position in this , but everything sounds so surreal . 
  spain does n't have that big amount of muslim inmigrants . 
  south americans , romanians are abundant . 
  ( and welcome ), 
  force arabian countries to take refugees in . 
  she should also ask saudi arabia qatar and all that scum for money to build `` mosques '' ( wink wink ) . 
  like one thousand milions to build the biggest shinyest mosque in europe . 
  do n't worry , the last eurobasket will help to keep up the numbers :d { troll face here }, 
  t h a t 's h a r a m !!, 
  it 's the end of the world !!!, 
  f u c k i n g t h e p o s t m a n d a i ly ? 
  my grandfather for example : he first fought with the republic , when war was almost ending he switched to nationals . 
  he had to survive . 
  thank you very much . 
  what 's the point in skipping the registration ? 
  can anyone explain ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  he 'll start drinking vino and eating jam\u00f3n in 2 weeks . 
  racist left ? 
  merci , 
  i like to learn french with his comments * la manta al coll i el cabasset mon anirem al postiguet *, 
  mind enlightening us ? 
  the 3 of the azores . 
  first world problems . 
  they have small wieners :d, 
  the briliant minds that decided to invade it should be responsible . 
  contribute with more money at least . 
  please, 
  no , is not that they 're bombing them . 
  turkey , since its been proven that pkk is the most effective weapon against isis , is sending them bombs , problem is the pkk butterhands when catching them . 
  turkey only does it for good . 
  but this is like : the best unknown beaches of ... after the publishing of the article those countries are not in the list anymore . 
  you really need to be `` russian level '' crazy to ban these 2 . 
  of course it is more efficient . 
  italians say more with one hand gesture than germans with 50 words . 
  ( how do you italians call that gesture when you shake your hand with all your fingers together if someone has been a prick while driving ? ), 
  of course there are , 
  go to a city to check if it 's true that people goes there to get drunk just because you 're curious.confirm . 
  come here tell us you do n't like it because yes , people goes there to get drunk :d where did you spend the rest of the days ? 
  no , first of all because it 's in my dna . 
  after this i wo n't start a rant about polyticians etc , no , i will blame people for voting them , not giving a fuck for all the corruption cases and keep voting the same mafia . 
  also , we do not have respect for public things , public means free for us , if we can steal it , we do . 
  if no one sees we throw the packet of cigarettes , the plastic bag of chips etc. 
  we find the most stupid reason to , for example , not classify kinds of trash and put it all together . 
  we do n't know how to hold a calm conversation . 
  and long etc , it 's late now . 
  good night ps : leading the technology in renewable energy and yet , we have a ridiculous amount of production . 
  true , i was only unaware and with relaxed defences , i was `` fiesta-ing '' . 
  i hate it when it 's been a long time since i have fucked a human . 
  it was fun driving a 1,400 gasoline renault m\u00e9gane ( first series ) in the autobahn . 
  go to spain , drive at 200km/h in front of the cops , try to bribe them . 
  oh , record it on video so we 'll have to eat our own words . 
  lol , mind explaining it a little ? 
  i think is not a matter of left or right . 
  have you noticed the amount of downvotes in this thread ? 
  why did turkey have to wait till now to bomb them ? 
  is it bad to be a communist ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  where to ? 
  ( if it 's not too much asking ), 
  i 'd like , instead of eating pop corn , get `` involved '' and tell turkey to please not use the war as an excuse to abuse of it 's force . 
  wish europe sanctioned them . 
  or stupid . 
  thanks guiris for choosing our land for cheap holidays . 
  this , plus the lower price of the euro are making my hometown a very good favor . 
  it 's flooded with british people . 
  it is very bueno for us . 
  tip , take it with a fan . 
  not like a man , 
  no leader in this world can fap in peace to internet porn . 
  no humans , no threat for earth ( skynet ), 
  / u/berlanga would be a honorific user in this sub . 
  what would we talk about in the bar while having a beer and a tapa if we liked spain ? 
  what country would we fix then with our discussions ? 
  thats our real national sport .
