  but they 'd fall into a worse situation . 
  spain will do what germany tells them to do , no worries about that . 
  i 'm starting to doubt who i want to win . 
  living in the mediterranean side , imagine how much i hear about the portugueses . 
  internet never over reacts . 
  electrified cable embeded in the wall at + / - 15cm . 
  that teaches you fast :d, 
  touch\u00e9, 
  i think a 22 % is excessive . 
  pedro and that pp submarine aka mr.smithers . 
  they only wanted to keep the mafia from ruling us . 
  turns out the mafia is like a hydra . 
  4 years . 
  so you 're not sharing a bridge in milano ? 
  parents usually retired or about to . 
  mother is happy to see the table full kf people at lunch or dinner time and they do n't use enough clothes to fill the washing machine . 
  in my opinion it would be stupid to not to share food and washing machine . 
  i also live in a big house , separated but together . 
  are you sure ? 
  norway wants to have 2 words with you . 
  but that ... that hurts !, 
  wait till the hords of ni-nis reach you . 
  lol !, 
  ( from la resistance trenches in the outskirts of benidorm ), 
  nope :p i open the link , no context , just a graphic . 
  i do n't think thats news worthy . 
  aha , my dad uses orange fanta or a piece of dried cod in water . 
  thank you . 
  mind explaining me how you catch bugs with marmite ? 
  merci . 
  always sunny in the south east . 
  grrrr !, 
  what gold ? 
  have you seen the spanish nimbers for the last century ? 
  ahem !, 
  ours ... ours do n't even reach the outside of the bar where they took place :(, 
  and forr tudey ve vil crush reddit 's serrrverrrs, 
  bad for benidorm : /, 
  merci, 
  jajajajaja :d good clothes is the key . 
  hmmmm , 
  `` negotiating or giving concessions is perceived as weakness , '' said antonio rold\u00e1n , a lawmaker from the upstart ciudadanos party . 
  lol , waylon smithers party . 
  looking for love in each corner . 
  sssssh ! ... i just came from the beach, 
  sorry , i did not ask properly : care to explain why you came to this conclusion ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's the most afghanistan/iraq/siria-ish land in the eu and since all the wars are fight there ... you know ? 
  to make everything more realistic . 
  even the hq, 
  what a romantic username by the way . 
  someone answer this person , please . 
  mine too , it was a rich country . 
  ( and it should still be : / ), 
  hehe and luis bu\u00f1uel !, 
  hmm !, 
  ( escobar assertive 's grunt ), 
  thats how romanians learn spanish , will southamericans learn turkish ? 
  and you call yourself french !, 
  same here in the east end of the peninsula . 
  - yo , you have used massive and brutal in a short comment +1, 
  ah , so it was carillo and not carrillo ( i mean not a mistake ) . 
  i 'm curious , where did you get those 2 names from ? 
  iberian peninsula, 
  i was explaining to other guys here that we use faca for pocket knife and now i discovered we use the 2words in an opposite way . 
  unknown ethimology . 
  we tend to use faca when referring to a `` navaja '' ( the foldable type ) in valencia . 
  as someone else pointed , we also use faca . 
  but where i am from we use it in valencian/catalan . 
  what if all of us , little and medium businesses began paying such low taxes ? 
  those big multinationals indirectly rely on us . 
  it 's our taxes that make the country to keep going so citizens can keep buying iphones , expensive coffees etc. 
  i had good savage sex . 
  did it in both seasons , both were worth . 
  they got it wrong to make the chart . 
  they accidentally got the data for the sovereign order of malta . 
  logicall , we like things to be in proper order . 
  yeah , but it happens quite often that those who pretend to outsmart us all are skiping some little details . 
  ridiculous . 
  i made the question again without the word muslim . 
  have you seen an answer ? 
  not me . 
  ... and military a little more . 
  are you really from the uk ? 
  what are the main reasons for the women who wear burkini to wear it ? 
  when did i say that ? 
  i made a question . 
  they are attacking the problem at it 's core , the difference is that you do n't see it at the news . 
  `` disguised cop entering a mosque whith radicalism suspicion '' no , you wo n't see that on news . 
  that people who is willing to kill for those photos needs to be taken out of a modern society . 
  what are the main reasons for muslim women to wear it ? 
  i was in fiestas so i have no clue really . 
  and yet we are saying bye to those new forrests here in the south east because the 2 years severe drought . 
  mexicans also like to use strong colors . 
  amateurs, 
  in jail atm, 
  literal translation of a spanish saying applied to what you are saying : give me bread and call me silly . 
  same happened here a few years ago in a very windy january night , the cable fell because of the stress . 
  well , nothing to add but this unnecesary comment . 
  we are south , ca n't be more south .
