  nope , it 's a big thing here also . 
  that !, 
  jjjaw are you ? 
  this jjjouse looks nice . 
  please , 
  yeah , suarez is clearly a french surname an mujica and vazquez very german :p, 
  crisis you say ? 
  wine here is almost as cheap as coca-cola . 
  [ also in their colonies ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bjrzkpnfuwa ), 
  same with iberian peninsula . 
  mighty roman empire . 
  hey !, 
  they pay me well to paint their houses !, 
  time to raise your chin , spaniards . 
  relevant question . 
  is it going to rain or what ? 
  all weekend cloudy and still have n't seen a drop !, 
  it 's stupid , you can park your caravan and sleep almost wherever you want , but not put your tent . 
  have you seen how fast the norwegian boats are ? 
  zzz ... zzzz ... zzzz ... grow up . 
  thats how you get rich in a war , left hand does n't have to know what right hand is doing . 
  same in my `` here '', 
  what ? 
  you do n't know meneame.net ? 
  im not going to fight any war for the rock . 
  fancy a pint , amigo ? 
  i think uk is closer to europeans . 
  by the way , why do i get along better with british than germans or french ? 
  another map with the phraze translated to each country languaje ... hmmmm no . 
  2nd lets see ... names in french , portugal and spain in red , i start going upwar ... oooops, 
  at first i was thinking that poor tourism businessmen would be really pissed with erdogan ruining their bussinesses , now i see this o_o, 
  i like your friend  romanians who speak catalan sound so natural . 
  we use to be your best hosts , what happened ? 
  lol , a labrador . 
  sorry amigo , but i think thats a musketeer boot . 
  she is more like a he . 
  good substitute for coca-cola, 
  first time we are not beaches ? 
  yay !, 
  they 're finally going to lower prices of alcohol . 
  do n't tell erdogan . 
  wait for my reports when i go to benidorm later :p, 
  interesting how aitana can be clearly seen . 
  and the sub betica is also profiled in the south of spain . 
  why is spain so green and not more tan ? 
  but all countries are not russia . 
  put a used sock in his mouth please . 
  europe does n't really need to respond . 
  thats what he really needs , a reaction . 
  why putting beeps when you ca n't understand what they say ? 
  even with subtitles : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hpvhsx0fzwm, 
  the owner of the van is me , not that impersonator !!, 
  2 , for pilot and copilot , ofc . 
  the central front seat is occupied by the fridge full of beer . 
  edit : manual windows . 
  i want it to be bulletproof , bosch finances itself with spare parts for authomatic window rollers . 
  what if the yes won ? 
  good luck with the no , but never underestimate the idiocy of people : s, 
  4 wheels + spare wheel . 
  steel rims covered by tubeless rubber pneumatics , max pressure 3 ' 1 kg . 
  indestructible sofim engine , 5 speeds plus r. 2 main lights in the front and 2 in the back , 6 turning lights all of them controled from the pilot position ... want more ? 
  they are born in the netherlands . 
  i think i could fit them all in my 9 seater van . 
  he is selling you smoke besides of that . 
  but hey , you 're free to choose . 
  man , i really feel sorry for turkey . 
  can confirm from the other side . 
  welcome to the mediterranean weather , you 're living next to a warm sea . 
  in the other hand , in the usually dry as a stick we had more rains this winter than in the last 3 years combined . 
  we have a different climatic area every 2 km or so , you ca n't really ask if the peninsula is going to suffer a drought . 
  have paris and madrid dried the regions surrounding them ? 
  that picture was taken in the -30 's, 
  27 in alacant and m\u00farcia . 
  i do n't see it , where 's the washing device ? 
  lol , we also have mojama , and hueva and the list goes on . 
  it 's just that we do n't know how to sell our products as good as the italians and french do . 
  did n't notice till i read your comment . 
  it 's like if they 're sculping it . 
  thats a macedonia , you . 
  i do n't understabd why they do it . 
  the place it 's beautiful as it is , why would you modify it ? 
  is it photoshopped ? 
  i like to think that western cultures are the sons of roman/greek culture . 
  i like to think that western cultures are the sons of roman/greek culture . 
  add retired northern europeans who bring their retirement money . 
  it adds in two ways , the person itself and the people who is going to offer the services they need . 
  shut up , do n't air our shames :(, 
  yep , peret . 
  could make an album only in benidorm , but that 's cheating , they 're english , not spanish . 
  \u00bf cartagena maybe ? 
  pointing at you nelson ( simpson 's ) style . 
  plague ? 
  oh come on , is not a mattrr of being golous or not . 
  be golous or not you see it everywhere . 
  loved them . 
  i 've only seen one comment from a latin sphere european . 
  i 've never seen that mole before . 
  looooots of shits from the damn spaniards shitting in ceuta . 
  poor ceuties : /, 
  believe me .
