  this is how i always pictured norwegian accent : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kmi15wdjgn8, 
  yet , we 're being downvoted  _ <, 
  pd : no surprise here . 
  what ? 
  i think you got me wrong . 
  im talking about the nice color their skin gets . 
  dunno about the rest . 
  and yes , sun makes your hair lighter . 
  no , they get a very nice tan . 
  dutch , germans and scandinavians get a very nice tan . 
  i 'm not an anthropologist so i ca n't elaborate anymore . 
  im talking to you from a touristic place in the mediterranean . 
  i meant when they come here :p, 
  i 'll have to ask my turkish contacts and see . 
  they play euroleague . 
  and their skin , do n't know why , but after a short time at the sun they usually get the perfect peach/brownish color so uniform so ... ok , i 'll stop it here :p, 
  i know some girls from granada ... hmmm, 
  fell into the atlantic ( she was prettier than the spanish and ... well you know how it is between girls ) : / sorry mate . 
  he has a girlfriend, 
  you shut up !, 
  ( i know you italians beat us in auto bashing ) internal affairs . 
  and all those above : you have no idea !, 
  spanish disagrees with another ? 
  thats impossible . 
  sticky , very sticky . 
  what ? 
  galicians no accent ? 
  i agree, 
  spain is vertical . 
  never move to scandinavia, 
  summer horary ftw !, 
  tocino test . 
  if you need someone to judge if they are being honest or not ... xd, 
  sierra nevada , below the paralel 40 is looking much more ski-able . 
  per no frenar what ? 
  i thought they were talking about the habsburgs . 
  ( los austrias in spanish ), 
  they seem to be all in the same group . 
  yup , and it 's a sauna you ca n't leave, 
  badasses of the cold , i 'd like to see you laying asphalt around sevilla in july . 
  thats one of the things that i like the less in reddit . 
  i know is an usa page , but still , it 's / r/europe . 
  flag ? 
  i 'm going to invest in courtain and window blinds factory . 
  i give you that . 
  true, 
  shall i start worrying for the mediterranean even more ? 
  germans never dominated the world . 
  spanish , british , portuguese ... 
  go figure , they believe in a ghost . 
  let 's be more concise . 
  your forces are concentrated in your mediterranean province already . 
  chamartin `` thing '' is not dead , heard something about it 2 or 3 days ago . 
  here : http://cincodias.com/cincodias/2016/11/30/empresas/1480503065_185618.html, 
  enjoying the nice weather in the mediterranean . 
  ( that was easy ), 
  only in urban areas , outside it , in secondary roads they are potential petter solbergs . 
  i think thats the key for norwegians , shitty roads . 
  you ca n't drive fast enough to kill yourself . 
  ( plus modern cars ), 
  yeah , i do work for them and they usually are very good clients . 
  integration ? 
  some do , some do n't . 
  i guess it depends on how big the colony is . 
  you are more than welcome , 
  yeah . 
  i still miss tv3, 
  or gets killed by the '' `` pkk '' '', 
  i know it for the international music festival . 
  i miss tv3, 
  unleast being ppero is seen as being populist right winger ... me no entiendes . 
  thats sad : / i wonder if there 's any `` not ugly '' way to regain sovereignity for the people 's govern . 
  feel like there must be something wrong about the data or is it really that bad ? 
  is n't there any competent politician in all the uk ? 
  what happened to politicians everywhere ? 
  i agree :p, 
  brujas in spanish , which you could translate as witches . 
  hmmmm ... swedish girls, 
  [ this man came to my mind when i read the headline ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/musa_i_of_mali ), 
  wow !!!, 
  they made money of the false news , thats all that counts for them . 
  do it in a beneficial way for both , but dont fall asleep in the laurels . 
  intimidating , i like it . 
  uuuuurrrrgh , true : s, 
  thats the name of an inbreed :d, 
  did it but still no image . 
  : / picture should be somewhere, 
  as a inhabitant of a very touristic zone , i can tell that i have seen most of those . 
  ( just a non important and curious detail . ), 
  do n't know , never been xposed to so high temperatures . 
  i guess it would n't be a good idea to send a lot , we might need them at any moment . 
  how you dare ? 
  we 're metric !!, 
  it 's been 45 degrees today . 
  it 's all about circlejerking , who cares about numbers ? 
  yo , i live 220m above sea level and something like 6km in straight line to shore . 
  never experienced more than 38 degrees . 
  and is not that crazy humid . 
  haha !, 
  jokes on you , it was sunny and hot here  lovely .
