  that picture is actually upside down . 
  true , big flag , but little people . 
  thank you for expressing my words in a much better english . 
  i place my bet on this : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/toledo_steel, 
  fed_shmed and friends, 
  swear you do n't work for `` the onion '' magazine . 
  brrrrr the only mention of it gives me shivers . 
  that ammonia smell ... 
  what ? 
  beautiful . 
  portuguese and spanish firefighters must be really experienced . 
  i missinterpreted some info , now i edited . 
  have a good day . 
  some context ? 
  there 's good british people too . 
  with paco behind the bar ? 
  pepe drinking a tercio with a little plate of olives ? 
  where are the bars ? 
  iberian soil is monochromatic and boring . 
  a train line straight to southern spain like the nazi did already . 
  we have sun , add the ucranian soil and ta-daaa, 
  thats cos you have n't met the same gypsies than me . 
  take off the potato from your throat , ca n't understand a thing you 're saying . 
  thx, 
  same happened to me many times , but changing countries . 
  i was supposed to dance and ol\u00e9 . 
  but you 're not rich , nor blonde or cool viking , so it does n't counts . 
  you ca n't imagine the struggle every time i want to do a bill ( factura ? ), 
  for costumers because of the iva ( vat ), 
  stupid incult translator ... 
  you man , are a cult person . 
  always like to hear what you have to say . 
  came here to for once say that , but i 'm 5 hours late : /, 
  man , i wish russia was doing much better . 
  damn putin and damn oligarchy, 
  i edited, 
  is it a joke i 'm not getting ? 
  let him who is without sin cast the first stone . 
  joke ahead : silly , he even wrote the name of the river wrongly :d haha !, 
  ( end of the joke ), 
  i was expecting the `` tercios '' , not this alfe\u00f1ique . 
  tip : ( remember this tip when cooking a spanish meal ! ), 
  we do n't use so much spices here . 
  i 'm not a big cook , but someone more into it could explain to you . 
  for example , paella only has saffron and \u00f1ora ( if you want to call \u00f1ora a spice ) thats it . 
  and the capital . 
  that or bacon . 
  okay , not giving them clicks . 
  what !?!? 
  7gigas for 6 $ ? 
  guillotine in the squares is not that violent . 
  it 's a clean and fast cut . 
  i feel bad for the turkish redditors when things like this happen : / even tho we know they 're not very pro erdogan , must be embarrassing for them . 
  yup, 
  bashar al-assad seems , and i say seems to be more classy than donald . 
  norway has many . 
  one question came to my mind : what was going on in australia during the european mid ages when forts were built here ? 
  could be the one with more symbols ? 
  construction is `` moving '' a lil . 
  on the coast at least . 
  construction is `` moving '' a lil . 
  on the coast at least . 
  so many trees there , my bosque is ochre . 
  they share border with italy and compete in eurovision , eurocup and world cup . 
  id like to go visit some time . 
  and thats how the spanish empire 2.0 begins , by teaching all the blind people in the world to read spanish or die under the wheels of the train . 
  starting by russia in the middle of the winter . 
  is n't that badass ? 
  we still have the mediterranean . 
  i use to live by the sea , now i 'm in the middle of the desert in a hormonated mallorca . 
  we could start a marriage agency here in reddit . 
  they make the best polvorones . 
  there 's plenty room to hide them . 
  / u/spanishduke agaves planted ? 
  [ benidorm ] ( https://m.imgur.com/gallery/h43aj ) look at the top left :p, 
  * judas, 
  running in circles they are !, 
  you have been for a long time . 
  * annoyingly catchy . 
  are french really late ? 
  deal, 
  cagamandurries !, 
  you 're loco !, 
  nooo way it can be good for anybody !!!, 
  we 're expecting 7 degrees tonight !!, 
  eating at the sun in t-shirt here today . 
  they said it 's going to change next week with a new cold wave . 
  we do n't expect snow , we need venus crossing the 4th moon with saturn both in line with the polar star for that to happen . 
  it is cold temperatures with high pressures or ok temperatures with low pressure , ingredients for a good snowfall are rarely given together in this clays . 
  lol, 
  i do n't change it for mediterranean sea . 
  winter cream ? 
  the fuck is that ? 
  roman empire is still alive . 
  just changed the forms . 
  maybe, 
  good :p, 
  is brexit changing anything about it ? 
  what does it mean that the european countries are getting more money from uk trains every time some one buys a ticket ? 
  ( serious ),
