housework ... 
  does that include actual work on the house i.e repairing the house , replacing windows and building a beer brewery in the garage ? 
  we do n't joke about danes , we are completly serious and honestly stating facts . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  `` rumstemperatursaggregationstillst\u00e5ndsnaturkonkretssj\u00e4lvf\u00f6rgrymmelse '' sweden wins !, 
  well , you call yourself soumi instead of east sweden . 
  to expensive to leave the net of the bathroom operator . 
  summer vacation in reval is now planned . 
  ok , you have me convinced . 
  but only because of that blue and white swedish flag . 
  exactly , we have to travel through denmark to get the cheap vodka in germany . 
  traveling through denmark would make anyone too depressed to bother with suicide . 
  think about all the butter . 
  eesti not of submarine . 
  we sad souls do n't commit suicide and vodka is expensive here . 
   norwegian strawberries are definitely the greatest in the world at least  wait , what ? 
  this ca n't be true , i do n't want to accept it . 
  must be because they have so nice neighbors . 
   the fact that we 're the tallest men is widely known . 
  only because you would not be able to keep your head above the water otherwise . 
  to be fair , nato countries has trespassed more times than russia in recent years . 
  i doubt that norway would invade a nato buddy . 
  but then , it 's not like norweigans are known for their logical and sane thinking process . 
  the idea of norwegian skiers on steroids raiding our butter warehouses are frightening . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihd3__nm8qa welcome to the once-upon-a-time-but-great-but-now-puny-empires club . 
  norwegian vikings on lip balm roids ? 
  they are smelly because you have shoes on all day . 
  they drink the beer so the germans can focus on the hole . 
  too late , you guys are contaminated already . 
  see you at the next ecological hbtq + cocktail party !, 
  it 's the same machine , but a human must verify your age before the purchase can go through for cigarettes/snus . 
  there exists vending machines solely for condoms that takes coins/card . 
  but usually not in supermarkets . 
  the map only takes into account information you can find online . 
  having a system where you in school have mandatory sexual education , including nurses holding classes on the subject and individual mandatory consultation with the school nurse is completely ignored on the map . 
  finland just as sweden has mandatory sexual education in school where different options of contraception is teached . 
  perhaps we get a lower score as this is n't `` online information '' but rather just information . 
  also the chart claims that sweden has no government funded website on the topic . 
  but we [ do ] ( https://www.1177.se/stockholm/tema/sex-och-relationer/preventivmetoder/preventivmedel--skydd-mot-graviditet/ ) . 
  it does count as eastern sweden though . 
  the `` real '' price of alcohol in sweden depends on where you live . 
  it 's cheaper in the south due to the black market from germany/denmark . 
  this is even more true for high school students as they are too young to buy from the state monopoly and have to resort to the black market . 
  soon . 
  more people in iceland are active in the faith of the old norse gods than there are jews . 
  atleast we do n't eat frukost in the middle of the day . 
  it 's so beautiful with the stars in the sky . 
  mooseballs ? 
  oh , germans and humor . 
   what a stumbling idiot . 
  yes . 
  he 's probably norweigan . 
  it 's not easy . 
  australia failed . 
  after the [ npu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_passport_union ) of course . 
  no worries , we are a gay friendly country . 
  til that spain is nothing but land . 
  history tells us that the germans are efficient in getting rid of the undesirable ones . 
  and we will need more lebensraum for our immigration projects anyways . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  finns wielding knives are incoming !, 
  it is with eyes full with tears of joy you see your children doing better than yourself . 
  the result of great parenting . 
  in sweden we have a very similar tradition . 
  fettisdagen ( fat tuesday ) , on which we eat tasty [ semlor ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jvvoxvi.jpg ) . 
  \u00a8 we should join our efforts around the baltic sea and booth have a fat tuesday and a fat thursday . 
  i believe that there has been plenty of environmentally friendly invasions in history before year 1700 . 
  pizzagate is american for main entrance, 
  that is questionable . 
  bollocks indeed , we love the scots !, 
  the majority of swedes with voting rights has voted for a representative that has voted for against some drugs . 
  it 's a representative democracy . 
  we will have iceland on our side . 
  you brits are already used to loose to them in modern times . 
  on a serious note , why do n't we ? 
  the `` great '' britain has done that 3 times . 
  iceland came out as a winner . 
  oh yes , banana , chicken , peanuts and curry . 
  my 2nd favorite pizza topping . 
  agreed , apelsin will work tremendously !, 
  the netherlanders may change that . 
  if the population in some way voted for it , then yes . 
  how is it not democratic if the majority of the population want to have it that way ? 
  :( but what qualities do they have that we 're missing ( except for sunny weather , beautiful beaches , tasty food , nice wine , friendly people and nice neighbors ) ? 
  and would you really feel proud if you beat portugal in icehockey ? 
  make scandinavia swedish again !, 
  we have finland , should be enough to deter any russian threat . 
  that does n't work . 
  we 've been doing that since 1943 . 
  is it worth visiting ? 
  are there any good beers from belarus ? 
  he 's just playing cool . 
  you disappointed a whole country . 
  that description fits nicely to norwegians . 
  it 's indeed only a bureaucratic detail that 10 million humans and danes are registered in sweden . 
  and i doubt it will be celebrated more than being mentioned on today 's fika by most of us . 
  but being here is a first step to share and learn our culture and mindset . 
  this `` achivment '' is for all people that are `` folkbokf\u00f6rda '' ( registered ) in sweden . 
  not our citizens . 
  a norweigan or a syrian refugee that resides in sweden will count towards this 10 millions .
