yes , i 've only been on that sub twice . 
  the first thing i saw was a comments who claimed that the jewish death toll was in the hundred thousands and not the millions ; this is still a type of holocaust denial . 
  i should also point out that the comment had positive points . 
  i 've also seen commenters who have praised nazi and fascist ideologies . 
  seems like a cool sub , but unfortunately i 'm not a holocaust denier . 
  but i 'll let you know if i ever become one . 
  no , i just have no intention of extending my civility to racists such as yourself . 
  oh please fuck off with this shit . 
  there are tons of videos of white people and people of all different ethnicities doing these so called `` pranks '' in public and generally acting like a twat , but suddenly when it 's a black person it 's a racial issue ? 
  this guy is a an arsehole regardless of his skin colour  ca n't they take a hint that the whole world does n't owe them something and people everywhere do n't have an obligation to welcome them wherever they want to go !? 
  nope , that 's not racist at all ... as a black person i do n't believe the world owes me anything , i pay my dues just as much my white countrymen , but people such as yourself still try to stir up racial hatred and xenophobia . 
  i genuinely feel sorry for you ; i ca n't imagine viewing the world in such a narrow-minded and bigoted way . 
   sounding like a holier-than-thou berk and condescending people is not a good way to get your message across . 
  neither is being overly sarcastic and speaking about a topic that you clearly lack knowledge in . 
  that 's not how the process of asylum works for sexual minorities . 
  the person claiming asylum has to prove that they are being persecuted by the state for their sexuality as opposed to proving that they are gay . 
  this way it prevents people from simply lying about their sexuality to get in , and means that we take in the most vulnerable of people . 
  next time do some research on the thing you seem to be so against , instead of spouting your ignorance . 
  a lot of people in this sub are against the idea of taking in asylum seekers , but i think it 's a good thing that we take in sexual minorities who are being persecuted by the state and punished for a victimless crime . 
  i would like the uk to accept more gay asylum seekers , especially from the commonwealth . 
  european nationals should have the right to be treated in their own country , instead of a third world country with lacking facilities . 
  and apparently albania and kosovo are n't in europe . 
  if you came from syria , why did n't you get asylum in turkey , instead of risking your life on a boat ? 
  i think ( hope ) nitko was being tongue in cheek . 
  ^ #rekt, 
   you will obviously not accept this source of course not , it 's the daily mail , but i 'd be inclined to believe a much more reputable source . 
   if trends continue , the number of non-believers is set to overtake the number of christians by 2030 . 
  i see nothing wrong with this , a secular society is much healthier than a religious one . 
    ** islam will also be the largest religion in uk in 20 years ** . 
  this was your initial claim , which you 've yet to back up . 
  even if islam does become the largest religion in the uk , if non-religious people are the overwhelming majority , i see no problem with it . 
  should n't you be in / r/conspiracy or / r/european spouting this nonsense ? 
  is irish still a widely spoken language in ireland ? 
  but to them it is n't justice , because they 're basically be let off free to do want they want in their newly conquered territory , with free reign from their previous country of residence . 
   we really need to get the death penalty back . 
  making them martyrs will only strengthen their cause . 
  well i see we are entering fantasy land . 
  but yes , i would absolutely support democracy regardless of the demographics of the country . 
  you ca n't just throw away the stable system of democracy because people have a different world view to you . 
  that 's sarcasm , right ? 
  i really do n't understand this attitude , instead of bringing these people to justice , we 're simply washing our hands of them and saying `` nope , no my problem any more , let them deal with it '' . 
  preventing people from coming back to the uk and facing due process , achieves nothing . 
  not to mention , we should at least be compassionate to the civilians in the middle east who suffer under is brutality ; bolstering their number wont help anyone . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but i do n't buy it . 
  if this was just a sub where racists and far-right wingers would post , knowing that their submission would n't be deleted , their posts would be downvoted like in any other rational-minded subreddit that deplores racism . 
  but from the few times i ` be been there , racist and xenophobic comments have always been upvoted and are usually the main topic of discussion . 
  to claim that / r/european is merely a free-speech zone is a bit naive ; there is a very obvious far-right bias , especially seeing as the most of the moderators generally have some extreme views especially someone like / u/ramblinrambo who said he wanted shoot immigrants at the border . 
  such views like this are very common in that sub . 
  i 'm not talking about right-wing views towards immigration in general , i 'm more than willing to have a conversation about that with someone , in fact some conservative views about immigration i actually agree with , but what i 'm specifically talking about are the views on that subreddit , which is full of absolute ignorance and bigotry . 
  there 's a lot of talk about restricting immigration based on racial lines as opposed to cultural ones ; that 's a view that is is widely held on that subreddit . 
  you can dress it up as much as you like , but no matter what you think about those views , they are racist ; that 's just a reality . 
  if deleting bigoted and racist comments from this sub ( comments which are against the sites rules btw ) counts as censorship , then i 'm all for it . 
  claiming that / r/european is n't a racist sub is simply delusional , one of the posts i saw a while back said that non-white immigration should be stopped into europe . 
  another one also claimed that white people were being persecuted in many european countries ; that subreddit is full of of far-right nonsense . 
  the fact that you posted this to / r/european , an openly racist sub , speaks for itself . 
  i only made to 14 minutes , there was too much bullshit to handle . 
  the guy is a babbling right-wing conspiracy theorist who think all muslims are trying to destroy our culture . 
   or a child of an immigrant you 'd be willing to deport someone to a country they 've never been to for simply committing a crime ? 
  if someone is born in a country they are then citizens of that country and should held to the same standard as everyone else . 
   maybe the current generations would n't be as fucked up as they are . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  as much as i hate anti-semitism , i do n't think people should be deported for their views , it should definitely be illegal to discriminate against someone because of their religion or race , but deportation is n't the way . 
  so if one is anti-north korea , does that mean their racist to north koreans ? 
  if one was against the apartheid and white rule in south africa , does that mean they are racist against all white people ? 
  it 's fallacious to equate the criticism of a country to racism or bigotry , even though there are people who are anti-israel because they hate jews , that does n't mean everyone who is against the country is ant-semitic . 
  black south africans are much more likely to be victims of violent crime that white south africans , due to living in poorer and more dangerous neighbourhoods . 
  your assertion that white people are somehow being purposely targeted by blacks is due to your ignorance and confirmation bias . 
  you also failed to mention that there are many criminal of different racial backgrounds targeting people indiscriminately ; even white on white crime . 
  i know right , shocker !, 
  the situation with the afrikaners , a people who are descended from colonials and people who have benefited from a racist regime , is completely different to the modern state of japan . 
  many afrikaners are n't used to a more level playing field with other cultural groups . 
  since apartheid ended many afrikaners have lost a privilege that they once had , and now view a more equal society as an attack on their culture . 
  this is completely different to japan which has existed from thousands of years and has pretty much always been an ethically homogeneous society . 
   anti-white actions are viewed positively as a healthy self-determination , even including ethnic cleansing . 
  at the same time , defense against these actions is deemed racist . 
  anti-racist in codeword for anti-white ? 
  is that where you 're really going with this ? 
  so by your logic , america is also a racist state as well then ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affirmative_action_in_the_united_states while i may not agree with black economic empowerment , it should be noted that the majority of white people currently living in sa are still benefiting from the systematic persecution of non-whites in the past ; economically and socially . 
  aparthied only ended 20 years ago , and there is still a huge inequality in society that 's mainly divided by racial lines . 
  i 've seen a few of your comments over in / r/southafrica about this topic , and from what i see on that subreddit , it 's generally quite an unpopular opinion , even from other afrikaners themselves . 
  from what knowledge i have about this subject , i am personally against an afrikaner independent state for several reasons . 
  an afrikaner state will more than likely be a reactionary and racist state due to a perceived threat to their culture ; they would have to enact authoritarian rules to uphold their cultural values . 
  preserving one 's culture is futile , because cultural traditions and beliefs are constantly changing , and trying to hold on to ` the ways of old ' will only serve to damage you ; the future is together in a unified south africa . 
  where would this state even go anyway ? 
  it would impossible to create an independent state without infringing on the aboriginal 's land . 
  fuck off back to stormfront . 
  this due to geography and ethnicity , but people of different races living in the same society are more than capable of sharing the same culture , so i do n't see why you are so adamant of bringing up race when it 's completely irrelevant . 
  what a load of bollocks , of all the things humanity has fought for over the years such as social liberalism and human rights , preserving something as arbitrary as race is futile and pointless . 
  race does n't equal culture , i 'm black and i fully identify with british culture as do both of my parents , the only thing that separates me from my white counterparts is the pigment of my skin . 
  i 'm so sick of seeing this white nationalist bullshit which only serves to divide people , as europeans we should be over such things . 
  then why has cyprus , an asian country , been accepted into the eu then ? 
  why are talking to him as if he 's representative of the us government ? 
  judging someone because of a little flag next to their name is just petty and stupid . 
  he may opposed to literally his government does . 
  do you have a link for that ? 
  i ca n't seem to find anything . 
  people call you racist because you pointlessly mentioned race when it did n't need to be mentioned at all , not all muslims are white and not all whites are muslim , yet you felt the need to bring up the topic of race . 
  why does it have to be so black and white ? 
  one can identify with more than one culture , as is seen in america e.g irish american .
