  this is no different he is turkish-german . 
  the reason is to allow people to be treated the same as the majority , it 's really that simple . 
  do you really believe the jim crow era in america was the same as it now ? 
  ca n't you see the pointless divisions and prejudices it creates in society ? 
  if you ca n't see how allowing gays to marry or not forcing black people to use to use separate fountains is fundamentally wrong , i 'm afraid your world view is severely warped . 
  but why should a certain subset of the population be forced to drink from a different a fountain for something as arbitrary as race , there 's literally no reason for it , apart from separating people due to things beyond their control ; the same rings true from civil unions and civil marriage . 
  it 's not just a case of the legal benefits but the message behind it as well . 
  only allowing same-sex couples to have civil unions and not marriage is patronising way of saying `` you 're still not quite as equal as the rest of society '' . 
   we should n't have tyrannical countries in the eu . 
  til the uk = north korea, 
  why does the racial make up of a city even matter , i am a black londoner who is also british , seeing as i was born here . 
  the only difference between me and a white briton , is our skin colour . 
  black people ?!?!, 
  say it aint so / s, 
  what is it with you and muslims ? 
  most of your comments in this sub involve them . 
  yes they do , they just decide to vote against everything . 
  voting for a far-right party is n't the answer ; it 's just replacing one form of extremism with another . 
  beneath the wig and make-up , he 's really not a bad looking guy http://i.imgur.com/jt2okni.jpg, 
  it should be pointed out that the regnerus study has been debunked and discredited numerous times by the scientific community due its poor methodology and clear conclusive bias . 
  it should also be pointed out that this study completely goes against the consensus of the vast majority of sociological studies on gay parenting , which show that children of same-sex parents have the same healthy upbringing as that of children to straight parents . 
  some studies even suggest that gay parents on average make more stable parents than straight parents due to the fact gay parents ca n't accidentally have a child , so a lot of preparation is made prior to parents having their child . 
  this is especially true in the cases of artificial insemination , which costs a lot of money , and therefore means that parents must be financial stable to conduct such a procedure ; hence giving the child a more stable upbringing . 
  sources : http://www.livescience.com/6073-children-raised-lesbians-fine-studies-show.html http://www.regnerusfallout.org/frequently-asked-questions, 
   problem in their upbringing that makes them gay erm ... wan na rephrase that ? 
  but that 2 % is still a part of reality , is it not ? 
  gay people still face large amounts of prejudice throughout europe , especially in the east ; taking measures to tackle such prejudice and bigotry whether it be at an early age or later in life , can only benefit society as whole . 
   have more representation than all other minorities combined . 
  source ? 
   that is for the parents to decide . 
  many conservatives in the past said the same thing about sex education , but yet studies have shown that teaching a child about sex education at an earlier age is more beneficial and has shown to lower the rate of teenage pregnancy , as opposed to teaching children abstinence . 
   are you associating homosexuality with femininity ? 
  to a certain degree , yes , but my point was that many children immediately link to two and this can lead to bullying of other peers who exhibit more effeminate attributes . 
  it should n't be seen as controversial book though , the children may be in a class where another child has same-sex parents . 
  a few decades ago , showing children a fairytale that contained an interracial couple , would be controversial and may even be classed as propaganda , but yet here we are today where such relationships are no longer taboo and parents have no problem having their children know about such things at an early age , a gay couple is no different , and it should n't be seen as a political move ; it 's simply showing reality . 
   on the other hand , i get where they 're coming from . 
  i would n't want any children of mine being exposed to these things so early on either . 
  plenty of time to hear about that when they 're teenagers , more mature , and less impressionable . 
  most children are aware of what homosexuality is , at quite a young age , and it does n't harm them to teach them that some parents are of the same gender and some are n't . 
  children are n't as dumb as we think , they pick up on things much earlier than we would assume ; we ca n't protect from certain views for the whole of their childhood . 
  this is why it 's common to teach children sex education at an early age , as opposed to adolescence . 
  when i was in primary school it was pretty common to hear children make homophobic comments and make insulting remarks about boys who were more feminine . 
  positive influences like this book help to combat such ignorant views . 
  that 's complete rubbish , what the government has done is clearly a step in the wrong direction ; i do n't see how that can be better than doing nothing ... 
  using your logic , if the government was to enact harsh authoritarian policies , would you say that 's a good thing just because the government has decided to do something . 
  this is laughably ignorant . 
  4 % of the population is estimated to be either gay , bisexual or lesbian , society can either accept this small significant part of the population or force them into the closet . 
  however telling children about homosexual relationships will not make more children turn gay ; no matter what the lithuanian government says . 
  oh right . . 
  i thought satellite states were included as well . 
  in terms of social attitudes to homosexuality , [ this infographic ] ( http://wpmedia.news.nationalpost.com/2013/06/na0622_pridemonth_c_rjweb1200a.jpg ) shows that the czech republic is the most accepting ; even more so that the uk and france . 
  the cr also has civil unions for gay couples as well . 
  albania and bosnia would like a word with you . 
  why is this racist crap being upvoted ? 
  why are you shouting ? 
   sweden is already 25 % islamic if you count the children of immigrants of islamic immigrants who are now considered 100 % swedish . 
  no it is n't , currently sweden is 5 % muslim http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_sweden i 'm very critical of islam myself and i would hate to see the such a backards religion rise in a country that has a strong culture of secularism , but the whole `` muslims will take over europe '' is just [ nonsense . 
  ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/eurabia ) there is no sociological forecast that claims muslims will become a majority in any european country . 
   people seriously underestimate how much money can be made . 
  there are , literally , street full of castles built using that money . 
  i remember seeing that in a bbc documentary a while back , it 's absolutely crazy seeing how much money they 're making just from begging , why is n't the romanian government doing anything about this blatant abuse ? 
  damn , what is about / r/europe that attracts so many racists ? 
  this shit is getting ridiculous . 
  for the people who claim you can predict someone 's behaviour based upon their ethnicity , can you explain the rational behind this ? 
  i just do n't get . 
  why ? 
  interesting , i 've never considered that viewpoint before , that would explain why northern ireland is far behind the rest of the uk in terms of gay rights . 
  but would n't that also apply to russia as well ? 
  the country has n't experience a huge amount of conflict in recent years , and yet they keep passing anti-gay laws with little resistance from the general population . 
  i find it amazing that turkey , a muslim country , was one of the first countries to legalise homosexual acts , and now northern cyprus is the last region in europe to decriminalise it . 
  progress is slow but at least we 're heading in the right direction . 
  according to this [ info-graphic ] ( http://wpmedia.news.nationalpost.com/2013/06/na0622_pridemonth_c_rjweb1200a.jpg ) germany is very accepting of gay people , germany just needs to implement more legislation , for things , such as same-sex marriage and adoption . 
   here 's an attempt to turn him into a rodney king figure by certain parts of the media ( the guardian ) and certain mps ( lammy , abbott ) . 
  do have any evidence for the guardian trying to turn him into some some sort of martyr ? 
  and i really would n't take anything seriously that comes out of dianne abbott 's mouth , she has a huge chip on her shoulder , and she 's always trying to stir up racial tensions . 
  thanks , this looks like a really interesting documentary , it 's quite sad to see that despite the fact that this documentary is nearly 6 years old , not much has changed in terms of legal recognition of gay couples . 
  i do n't know much about italian politics , but i hope the government will realise that the majority of italians support civil unions for same-sex couples . 
  out of interest , what would actually happen if sinn fein were to get a majority in parliament ? 
  would ni be forced to unite with the rest of the republic , or would it succeed from the union ? 
  it 's strange that italy , which is a western european country , does n't even have civil unions for same-sex couples , whereas countries like : slovenia , czech republic and hungary , give gay couples the same basic rights . 
  i would n't be surprised if those three countries legalised same-sex marriage before italy does . 
  ireland is scheduled to hold a referendum on same-sex marriage in 2015 , and with 74 % support from the general population , i 'm sure it will become law soon . 
  separate but equal is regressive , there 's no reason to deny same-sex couples the label of marriage . 
  not too mention ni had civil unions forced upon it by westminster and it begrudgingly accepted it , ni was also the last part of the uk to legalise homosexuality , ni was forced to repeal its anti-gay laws by the echr , once again begrudgingly . 
  ni has always been quite backwards when it comes to gay rights . 
   you spend too much time on / r/europe [ 1 ] listening to what a hell hole the uk is . 
  i should point out to that i was born in the uk and lived here my whole life , i based my previous point from my personal experience , not an internet forum . 
  compared to the rest of europe the uk has a culture of isolationism , it always has , a lot people in this country would like to think that we are still living in the days of the height of the british empire when we were top dog , that simply is n't the case any more . 
  as do i , i 'm so sick of this country 's insular and xenophobic mindset . 
  we do like indians , i have no idea what / u/aethelstan is talking about , he does n't represent the general british people 's views . 
  indian people have integrated very well into british society , considering their culture is quite different to our own , not too mention that they own a lot of businesses and are generally quite successful in their careers , they also generally do very well in terms of their education as well . 
  i personally think this is a bit ridiculous , nobody should be fined for doing any sort of gesture , even if it may be a nazi salute . 
  unless the comedian is actually inciting violence towards the jews , he should not be prosecuted . 
  i feel the same , the cost of living here is too damn high , not to mention london has generally become more and more scummy over the years . 
  stoning is a part of islam . 
  punishment for adultery :  narrated ` abdullah bin ` umar : the jew brought to the prophet a man and a woman from amongst them who have committed ( adultery ) illegal sexual intercourse . 
  he ordered both of them to be stoned ( to death ) , near the place of offering the funeral prayers beside the mosque . '', 
  sahih bukhari 2:23:413  ibn umar reported that allah 's messenger ( may peace be upon him ) stoned to death the jews , both male and female , who had committed adultery . 
  the jews brought them to allah 's messenger ( may peace he upon him ) . 
  the rest of the hadith is the same .
