  sahih muslim 17:4212 sex before marriage :  narrated ibn ` umar : the jews brought a man and a woman who had committed illegal sexual intercourse , to the prophet and the prophet ordered them to be stoned to death , and they were stoned to death near the mosque where the biers used to be placed . 
  is there any truth to this ? 
  i always here how immigrants do n't integrate into swedish society very well . 
  that 's absolutely disgusting , how can these people honestly think they 're moderates when they have such extreme views , also i would of thought that a country like sweden , which has a very generous welfare system and good social mobility , would be able to integrate immigrants into swedish society . 
  because for most of human history , any sexual intimacy outside of 1 man and 1 woman for the sole purpose of procreation was condemed , this is ' t just exclusive to homosexuals but also people who are polygamous . 
  slavery was accepted for 99.9 % of human history as something perfectly acceptable , it was only outlawed international in 1975 . 
  that does ' t mean slavery is a natural human condition . 
  societies and cultures change and adapt , oe day homophobia will be condemned just as harshly as racism is in many parts of the world . 
  i find this study incredibly interesting but this does n't correlate with other polls , such as these : http://my.telegraph.co.uk/danielpycock/danpycock/956/what-do-british-muslims-think-of-the-uk/ as alarming as these poll results are , most of the extreme views are still in the minority , albeit a big minority , i guess it depends on what is classed as ` fundamentalist ' . 
  it would seem that many muslims moderates are very similar to fundamental christians and fundamental muslims are another level of insane . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't intend to come across as aggressive , i was just confused by your reaction to the story . 
  i just read all of your other replies in this thread , and i never knew how hard you had it in cyprus and what life is like for a gay person there . 
  i 'm not even out myself and i live in london , which is pretty accepting to homosexuality , so i can only imagine how hard it must be for you , and i do hope you can move somewhere west in the future . 
  once again i truly am sorry if sounded like a dick and i do emphasise with your position , if you ever need someone to talk to , feel free to pm me any time . 
   `` how the hell were those < not nice word here  able to survive long enough to become politicians instead of being dead in a ditch '' . 
  you ca n't be serious ... this was luxembourg not iran , and why would that inspire internalised homophobia in you , when this is a positive story ? 
  i imagine things a very different cyprus but in western europe homosexuality is pretty much accepted by the mainstream , and i 'm saying this as someone who is gay . 
  what an utterly stupid picture , a comparison with the eu and authoritarian fascism is laughable . 
  in britain , `` asian '' is a colloquialism for south asians ( india and pakistan ) . 
  what have they done to our beloved queen ?!, 
  if it was cultural , why would gays exist in the most hetero-normative and conservative countries ? 
  i am gay , so i can tell you from experience that i did n't choose this , i do n't know if i was born this way , but it 's something definitely beyond my control . 
  you 're incredibly narrow-minded and bigoted which is n't really surprising considering where you 're from . 
  how is someone being themselves throwing bullshit in your face ? 
  i will never understand this argument , heterosexuality is everywhere you look , which is completely fine but when a gay person expresses their sexuality , ( holding hands or kissing in public ) it 's too much and you think they should be forced to hide themselves and suffer in silence for the sake of your comfort.gay people exist in every country and every civilization , get over it . 
  the map is based off this [ index . 
  / u/yaix never said he went to a predominately muslim country , he just said a country with a large percentage of muslims , i.e uk , france etc. 
  that 's true , but his act and stage character is a she , which is why you refer to conchita as a she but the actual performer as a he . 
  this is quite common when it comes to drag acts . 
  you mean like the hundreds of thousands of polish immigrants here in the uk ? 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with muslims/immigrants . 
  serbia is generally a very homophobic country ; muslims or not . 
  the irony of a bulgarian saying this ... 
  you 're supposed to thinly veil your racism if you want to be upvoted . 
  once again , you simply ca n't conflate the two ; they 're completely different situations . 
  black americans were taken as slaves , not migrants . 
  they were literally prevented from assimilating with american society , even if they wanted to . 
  you really need to read up on basic world history because you lack of knowledge , coupled with your uniformed opinions , are the height of ignorance . 
   their black minority is problematic to this day . 
  utter ignorance . 
  first of all , the black americans that came to the us were n't immigrants , they were brought against their free will as slaves . 
  black people were denied basic rights and resources that allowed them to be on par with white americans . 
  they were denied education for literally generations which lead to rampant poverty within the black community . 
  even when slavery ended black people were still denied their civil rights and equal opportunity ; all of this is the reason why black people are `` problematic '' . 
  i think you replied to wrong person . 
  that 's completely insane , why is this being upvoted ? 
  so you refuse to let an educated canadian or skilled south african migrate to europe , simply because of their geographical location ? 
   problem is if anybody tries to ban it then they would be considered homophobic , but i bet if we did a straight and proud parade they would be in up roar . 
  the funny thing is , you claim that you have no problem with gay people , but here you are advocating banning a group of people from expressing themselves , because you find it distasteful . 
  no one is forcing you to attend these parades ; if you do n't like it , then do n't go . 
  it should also be pointed out that gay pride parades are still important , as there is still a lot of homophobia in society . 
  gay marriage was legalised last year , and there a huge backlash from a lot of people , including a lot of politicians . 
  it 's increasingly na\u00efve mto think mthat homophobia is n't an issue anymore , this why we still need gay pride . 
   if gays acted as normal as they can be then i have no issue , when they start getting eccentric for no reason it 's when i hate em . 
  this is a double standard . 
  if a straight person is being overly eccentric and obnoxious , then they 're just seen as areshole , but when a gay person has the same sort of behaviour , then it 's obviously because they 're gay . 
  he never implied otherwise . 
  so original . 
  no , marriage is a civil institution , hence why it 's possible to get married without the church or any sort of holy matrimony ; this is also why atheists and non-christians are allowed to get married as well . 
  churches wo n't be forced to conduct same-sex marriage if do n't want to ; this is n't going to change . 
  limiting gay people to civil partnerships and not marriage , is tantamount to `` separate but equal '' ; it would be seen as archaic if interracial couples were n't allowed to get married , and gays couples should n't be treated any differently . 
   it does beg the question of what the gay community will find to complain about next . 
  i 'm sure they will come up with something well that tone is needlessly snarky . 
  how dare these darn gays demand to treated equally !, 
  that 's a strong persecution complex you have there . 
  you just had to find a way to shoehorn immigration did n't you ? 
   canada strictly prohibits unmarried male migrants , unless they 're gay asylum seekers , fleeing persecution . 
  we voted labour for the general election , but voted conservative in last mayoral election . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  entire towns and cities were destroyed over night by barbarians . 
  i 'm aware of the demographics of london , white british people make up less of the city 's population , but their population is increasing ; saying that white people are dieing out is absolutely ridiculous . 
  lol , white people are n't dieing out here in london . 
  using london as an example of civilization being destroyed , is incredibly inappropriate ; london is one of the richest places in europe , and is ranked high in almost every sociological scale . 
  a lot of the people that drowned never pass through a single safe country , due to the fact that they drowned in mediterranean sea , which lies between europe and africa . 
  people die due to their own poor decisions all the time , that does n't make their deaths anymore tragic . 
  would you have any sympathy for someone who died from lung cancer due to smoking , or perhaps someone who walked across the road without looking and got hit by a car ; it 's perfectly fine to have sympathy and empathy for people in a less fortunate circumstance . 
  you can believe that immigration should be reduced ( which i do ) whilst holding sympathy for people that lost their lives to escape suffering violence . 
  we 're talking about thoughts not actions . 
  i can believe that the loss of innocent lives is negative thing , and someone else can believe that it does n't matter ; we may have the actions , but we have very different thoughts and values . 
  you have absolutely no sympathy at all for innocent human beings losing their lives ? 
  many of whom are children . 
  how can such a shitty and heartless comment be so heavily upvoted . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the gay asylum seekers were in turkey , and they applied for asylum through the unchr ; they were never in europe illegally . 
  no it is n't , people 's asylum applications are denied all the time ; you clearly have no idea about the asylum process . 
  that 's not how it works , one has to prove they are being persecuted for their sexuality , as opposed to merely proving their sexuality . 
  do you have a source claiming that all immigrants are from africa and the middle east ? 
  you 're replying to a troll . 
  not sure if sarcasm ... 
  / r/nocontext, 
  not all remainers are on the left , not all the leavers are on the right ; this simplistic right/left paradigm is lazy thinking . 
  just because someone believes that this should never have went to a referendum , that does n't mean they 're against democracy . 
  there are other forms of democracy than direct democracy . 
   its going to be crazy to think that the english will be creating a hard border between the republic of ireland and northern ireland if we stay in the eea , there will be free movement of people across the border , just like the swedeish/norwegian border . 
  turkey joining the eu was nothing but fear mongering from the leave campaign , turkey still has over 25 chapters to fulfill in order to be accepted , not to mention the while issue with the occupation of cyprus . 
  if the uk does n't want turkey in the eu , we can simply veto it ; as i 'm sure germany and greece would do the same . 
  all this populism is simply pandering to uneducated voters who do n't know any better . 
  stay :\\, 
  do you mind if i move to canada ? 
  i want to get off this wild ride .
