  and i 'm not even a fidesz supporter . 
  pretty funny that this is the official opinion , because this is the first time i hear it . 
  are you living in a retirement home ? 
  15th century was pretty good too , hungary under the rule of matthias corvinus was one of the most powerful and wealthy countries in the world . 
  it 's basically the go-to store here, 
  they ca n't share names or adopt children . 
  other than that , it 's equal to marriage . 
  because they wanted to go to germany . 
  they were protesting at keleti and shouting that they want to go to germany . 
  we just gave them what they wanted and closed the border , i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  til . 
  wow , that 's a pretty high number considering that i 've never heard about sexual assault before , except for one occasion when 2 200kg gypsies started groping and assaulting a young woman on a bus . 
  i guess most of the assaults happen in rural areas from hillbillies , and night clubs . 
  the only insane politicians are the ones who are not opposed to uncontrolled illegal mass immigration . 
  how is orban homophobic ? 
  i do n't know whether he is or not , but everyone is claiming that he is , without any sources . 
  is it because we do n't have gay marriage ? 
  majority of eu countries do n't , and we have [ same-sex unions . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_hungary ), 
   110.000 women are estimated to suffer sexual assault every year in hungary source ? 
  i 've never heard about something like this . 
   `` p\u00ed\u010da '' we have this word too for cunt !, 
  but it 's `` picsa '' , but i think it 's pronounced in the same way . 
  we do n't really have any options , every party is shit in hungary , except for maybe lmp but they are at 5 % and they 're too soft on migrants . 
  how do people not see this as a problem ? 
  other countries do this too . 
  it 's only anti-democratic when russia does it ? 
  last night i was talking with an algerian and a tunisian guy at a party , and they told me that there 's '' light islam '' there . 
  when eu is over because the migrant crisis . 
  juncker should be fired along with the entire european commission . 
   that 's the one that goes to hero square , right ? 
  yes . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f0/budapest-metro-1.png ) is the line 1 , h\u0151s\u00f6k tere = heroes ' square, 
  `` cneaz '' is duke , in hungarian it 's `` ken\u00e9z '' , which sound pretty similar . 
  [ here is the source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_metro_systems#list ), 
  the list is about metro systems , not metro lines . 
  the other pictures are mainly not their countries ' respective oldest metro lines either , just random ones . 
  [ metro line 1 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/underground_budapest_m1.jpg ) looks cool tho . 
  an interesting fact : oldest usa metro is the '' chicago ` l' '' ( 1897 ) , and it 's the 4th oldest in the world . 
  the top3 is all european . 
  afaik romanian president matters too . 
  luxembourg is the richest country in the world too . 
  yes , i live in budapest , it 's a pretty beautiful , livable , safe and great place . 
  we have lots of foreigners too . 
  the football matches are fucking cancer , but those people are not neo-nazis , they are just football ultras who are usually very racist and fucking idiots . 
  i 've never reallay seen neo-nazis anywhere . 
  the eu is too far up usa 's ass to admit that syria needs assad . 
   imho , the main problem is that we 're all still pretending as if there are n't 1.1 million people fleeing a nearby war . 
  my entire point was that a big part of these illegal immigrants are not refugees , most of the refugees are in refugee camps in turkey or lebanon . 
  we could take people from there ( who are guaranteed to be legit refugees and we could only take the ones with legit papers to prove their age and nationality ) instead of playing lottery by letting in more than 1 million random people , while we do n't know shit about them , they could be criminals or isis fighters as well . 
  it 's not our duty to take in every refugee from the middle east , sure we can take in some , but not everyone . 
  there should be an eu vote about the number of refugees taken in . 
  but this is all pointless because we already let in more than a million and most of them have fake names and ages . 
  the damage has been done , they ca n't be deported because we do n't know their countries of origin , the eu should focus on damage control now , but they should n't redistribute these people when the entire thing was germany 's and sweden 's idea . 
  of course , everyone is perfectly welcome here , as long as they do n't commit crimes . 
  there are a lot of foreigners in budapest . 
  so , eastern europe = neo-nazi gangs ? 
  some pretty interesting mental gymnastics here . 
  that 's exactly what we should do : close the borders and pick people from refugee camps , because there are no economic migrants there . 
  a ham sandwich could govern better than the swedish government . 
  i started appreciating the fact that i live in eastern europe, 
  i would have no problem with taking in refugees , but more than half of them are not refugees . 
  what ? 
  as an eu citizen you can cross schengen borders by showing your id or passport , and you can move wherever you want to in the eu . 
  oh stop with the refugee meme , more than half of them are not refugees , they are welfare shoppers and criminals , i have no problem with taking in any refugees but as long as there 's one non-refugee among them they shouldnt even think about coming here . 
  mccain called orban a `` neofascist dictator in bed with putin '' . 
  he should be in an asylum . 
   is orban 's hungary `` european '' ? 
  oh fuck off , how are we not european in any way ? 
  we were way more relevant in the entire history of europe than you . 
  you do n't know shit about hungary and i bet you never visited here . 
  i 'm tired that ignorant western idiots think that we live in some kind of russian-style pseudodictatorship here . 
  hungary is pretty much the same as most central-eastern european countries in every way . 
  do you have to be a neoliberal shithole to be `` european '' now ? 
  since when ? 
  p.s : it 's not * orban 's hungary * , it 's hungary . 
  democracy is in a fine state here , arguably in a better state than in most of western countries . 
  same with the ottoman occupation of hungary . 
  it happened in 1526 , at the moh\u00e1cs battle . 
  of course . 
  then he will name himself f\u00fchrer , he will build concentration camps and he will invade romania . 
  i do n't have words to describe how stupid your comment was , and it 's ridiculous that it 's getting upvoted . 
  it 's more tinfoily than saying that 9/11 was an inside job . 
   he is worse than bush . 
  no he 's not . 
  he talks a lot of shit and pretends to be an extremist but he 's one of the more moderate republicans . 
  in yesterday 's debate he said that 9/11 was the fault of george w. bush , that the government lied about wmd 's and that the iraqi war was a mistake . 
  also he said that planned parenthood is not satan . 
  his only `` extremist '' view is the travel ban on muslims from conflict zones , which is imo perfectly understandable , considering that isis really hates the usa and they could easily send some suicide bombers there . 
  if he wins the nomination he will change his tone a bit and get a good percent of the democrat votes , especially if he 'll be running against clinton . 
  hungary used to be relevant :(, 
  all of these points are conservative , none are far-right . 
  but , yeah , maybe in germany having any kind of national identity or not wanting gay marriage is far-right , but in normal countries these are conservative/mainstream centre-right views . 
  it 's germany 's fault that their political spectrum went so far to the left that stalin would be centre-left . 
  i do n't think afd would like to go full hitler , that 's just media propaganda . 
   our economy already profits from the crisis , and this will increase as refugees learn german and start to work . 
  brainwashing at it 's finest . 
  just the typical mental gymnastics from this idiot, 
  let the us rot in hell, 
  you sound like a swedish politician !,
