  all those young doctors and engineers . . 
  as long as the eu acts like an us puppet , it wo n't happen . 
  the scumbags in our government care more about the people then the banks ... poor banks !, 
  if the government did n't resemble the german/swedish one at all , then maybe, 
  we do n't want rape and terrorism here . 
  they do n't want to come here . 
  implying that the articles about russia funding right-wing parties is true , the main reason is that most of the right-wing parties are euroskeptic , so the more right-wing parties are in power , the weaker eu unity is . 
  also they are ideologically closer too . 
  so we should detain them in better conditions , whithout sexual abuse . 
  and it would be overally a good thing , because after a whiles the boats would stop , and the european people , the women raped and sexually harassed , would n't have to suffer anymore . 
  the examples show us that the less nationalism you have , the more you fuck up in certain situations , look how it 's frowned upon in sweden and germany to wave your own country 's flag , and they are suffering the most from the migrant crisis . 
  everyone should have some amount of european and national identity , it should be clear what our values and goals are , and we should be working towards reaching those goals and enforcing those values , instead of tearing them down like many western countries are trying to do . 
  the thing with nationalism is , that too much of it will cause problems , and the complete lack of it will cause problems too . 
  if the eu had the will , we could send money and personnel to help greece secure it 's borders . 
  is australia breaking international law by turning around boats ? 
  if they are , then we can break them too . 
  it 's not about accepting some refugees , it 's about sending a message to the eu that their immigration policy is wrong and it should be drastically changed , because quotas are not a long-term solution . 
  i would n't give a shit about 2000 `` refugees '' in hungary , if the proposal was '' we will redistribute the refugees across the eu and we will close our borders and only accept real vetted refugees ( because right now more than 60 % of them are economic migrants ) from refugee camps . '', 
  accepting the quotas is not only betraying your own people and the v4 , it 's betraying the entire europe to get some more money from mutti merkel . 
  yep , if we are talking about the baltics , there is indeed a minor threat ( unlike in the case of poland and romania ) , but i still think it 's too far-fetched to say that they are in real danger . 
  i do n't think putin is stupid enought to start another cold war for some small territories in the eastern baltics , also the ukraine thing was more complex , because ukraine was under russian control and there was a pro-western coup , while the baltics are already part of the eu . 
  close the schengen external borders like hungary did . 
  i 'm not russophile , i just do n't give a shit about them because they are not a threat . 
  i only hate them as much as i hate the usa . 
  so far we are sanctioning russia too , so we did n't betray anyone . 
  also , the fact that we do n't have an irrationally high fear of russia like poles and romanians does n't mean that we betrayed anyone . 
  so why is hating/fearing russia is a rational thing to do for poland and hungary if they are n't a threat ? 
  should we miss out on economic opportunities because hurr durr they are bad ? 
  then we should hate the us and israel equally, 
   hell , russia invaded one counry , said `` nuh-uh '' was n't us and the world just rolled with it . 
  my main argument was that they ca n't do shit to the baltics or poland because they are eu/nato members and it would invoke article 4 and it would start world war 3 . 
  ukraine is n't an eu or nato member . 
  so your argument is still shit . 
  nato is the only thing holding them back , not hungarian energy deals . 
  we should just close our borders and sanction the shit out of turkey , erdogan can go fuck himself . 
  russia invading the baltics would still start world war 3 , so it has no chance of happening . 
  so , tell me a possible scenario where russia is a threat . 
  one day they say '' yolo let 's invade poland for the lulz , thus starting world war 3 and possibly ending our planet in a nuclear apocalypse '' ? 
  you seem like an ignorant bitch who was fed anti-russian fearmongering in your entire life , and instead of trying to argue you are throwing out some sarcastic non-relevant bullshit here and there . 
  if you go and vote for sd , then maybe, 
  why do you have to mention evil russia in every comment ? 
   ( yes romanians are slavs just like hungarians ) til, 
  we are constantly in the top5 fastest growing economies in the eu since the leftist government is gone . 
  we sanctioned russia too . 
  what should we do ? 
  declare war on them ? 
  also you should understand already that russia is not an active threat , because you do n't have russian-majority territories and you are part of eu/nato . 
  fucking north korea is a bigger threat . 
  at least it 's the safest country in the world . 
  i 'd rather have an aging population ( we are heading towards the era of automatization anyways ) than crime . 
  and it 's a fact that minorities/immigrants are overrepresented in crime statistics in pretty much every country . 
  why did you move here out of all countries ? 
  just curious . 
  i like you guys too , except your government/foreign policy !, 
  is n't craiova a giant shithole too ? 
  you can do well economically while not letting in millions of foreigners to fuck up your society , look at japan . 
  i do n't know why people are acting that our immigration policy is fine and mass migration is not dangerous , just because our economy is still doing well . 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/hun/#destinations not like they are huge trade partners . . 
  of course , i only listed the countries which enjoy double standards.we might as well abolish international laws if countries like usa and israel are exceptions while others are n't . 
  i would embargo the us , as well as saudi arabia and israel in a heartbeat, 
  til condemning war crimes is antisemitic . 
  but hey , if you 're like the 51th state of the usa , of course you can get away with everything , just like the usa does . 
  it 's only bad if russia , iran or assad does it . 
  for the first time in my life , i 'm glad that i 'm living in eastern europe . 
  at least people do n't seem braindead here . 
  so is leftism, 
  europe is not a single county . 
  in central/eastern europe , being anti mass migration makes you perfectly normal , if you are pro mass-migration , it makes you a fringe liberal leftist hippie . 
  our leftist parties tried parroting the rhetoric of the western liberals , and it made their small support even smaller . 
  in western europe , being against mass migration makes you a nazi , even though in the wake of all the rapes and crimes , people are starting to wake up . 
  so it depends ... 
  i 'd like slovenia and croatia too, 
  who is probably right , source : am hungarian, 
  and the long cherished tradition of behaving like civilized human beings and having freedom in europe will go away too , if we open our borders . 
  i 'm no economist ( yet ) , and it 's true that we have the highest vat in the eu , but our other taxes are below average and things are not that expensive . 
  there are economic downsides of the eu too , even if it 's a slightly net positive . 
  and the west is n't rich because they are better or because they have immigrants . 
  yes they are richer ( and they 'd like it to stay that way ) , and the simple and only answer is that they have n't been occupied by the soviets . 
  what exactly did orb\u00e1n screw up ? 
  the economy , which has one of the fastst growth rates in the eu , or the migrant crisis , which was perfectly solved ? 
  seriously , you 444.hu-dwelling liberals can talk so much bullshit it 's astonishing . 
  inb4 `` end of democracy , dictatorshup hurr durr '' . 
  but if you hate fidesz so much then what 's a good replacement in your opinion ? 
  the leftist parties ? 
  toppest of keks . 
  flair relevant ? 
   perhaps they 're good on other issues ? 
  they are really good at relentlessly cracking down on protesters , they have been proven to be incompetent at anything else . 
  not sure , because the ranking is based on reporters ' opinion , that 's why we are so behind while we have complete freedom of press ( most reporters are liberals and would do anything to make our government look bad ) . 
  not really . 
  why ? 
  there are so many potheads at my uni that it 's funny , they literally get high before class . 
  imo schulz is worse than hitler, 
  so , questioning the fact that someone got raped , or believing that fake rape accusations exist means that you have no problem with rapists ? 
  i 've seen this logic from every leftist feminist and srs-er and it just blows my mind . 
  i would give life sentence to every single rapist in the world , but i still think that fake rape accusations exist and they should be punished really harshly . 
  europe is shitty because of delusional brainwashed sheeple like you . 
  probably germany or sweden, 
  you need some more diversity then . 
   my university is right by the danube bme or corvinus ?
