you know you 've taken kebab removal to a next level when you die in plague afterwards, 
  based, 
  they will never know the joy of drinking near the danube in summer nights !, 
  i 'm not an orban fan or anything , but i think life is way better than under the previous leftist government , we are not oppressed at all , the freedom of speech and press is way better than in western europe and democracy is in a fine spot . 
  you can criticize him all you want but he 's not anything close to a dictator , and he might be the best choice since we do n't really have a lot of options ( pretty much all of our parties are shit in their own ways ) . 
  all this '' orban is a dictator '' stuff is just bullshit created by the media and since most of non-hungarians do n't know better , they believe it . 
  tl ; dr : uk should leave the eu because the eu is raysis and they do n't want open borders for middle-eastern immigrants, 
   more than a few bullshit law already make their life harder . 
  that was because of slota . 
  iirc kotleba and hungarian extremists get along pretty well, 
   use the migrants to grow their population i 'd rather see europe die than turn into the middle east, 
  anything which paints immigrants in a bad light is either removed or tagged as misleading here . 
  the only leftist partiest in hungary are post-communist lying pseudoleftists , and their voting base are brainwashed pensioners . 
  i do n't think any country has problems with eu immigrants , but people like you ca n't comprehend that there 's a difference between being against illegal mass immigration of thirld world muslims and being against immigration in general . 
  ex-communist snakes are often social-democratic politicians in eastern europe , at least this is the case for hungarian mszp and romanian psd ( the two countries i lived in so far ) . 
  i like french , english ( especially british english ) , and southern latin languages ( italian , spanish , portuguese ) . 
  i dislike german , dutch , nordic languages . 
  slavic is kinda funny , but i like russian the most . 
  also i think that hungarian is very beautiful and underrated . 
  every huge banking/business mogul ( including juncker , soros etc. ), 
  is lobbying really hard for immigration , and i do n't think the reason is morality . 
  high third world immigration will damage the economy and the welfare system ( so the countries will need to take more loans ) , it damages national unity and it will eventually drive down wages . 
  i 've been saying it for so long : all the #refugeeswelcome crowd are brainwashed and are unintentionally doing work for the globalist puppet masters , and all the politicians who support this are bought by them . 
  i 'm not saying that orban is a saint , but he really does n't like this banking elite , he crushed the banks pretty hard in hungary , and he 's anti-immigration at the same time . 
  the same goes for the new polish government : anti-immigration and anti-banking sector . 
  these two go hand-in-hand a lot , and it 's not a coincidence . 
  i was talking about ideology . 
  europe is getting ruined by politicians who choose ideology over rationality . 
  yes , let 's fuck over the only countries with sane views towards immigration because they are not suicidal like sweden and germany . 
  i 'd like a closer union , but as long as it 's run by people like juncker ( who is basically representing corporate and banking interests ) , i 'm as eurosceptic as it gets , because i do n't believe we will ever have reforms . 
  i do n't want people who agree with open borders and uncontrolled illegal mass immigration from the third world being in charge of running the eu . 
  it 's very clear who they 're working for and what are their interests . 
   ideologies and religion are enemies of logic and rationality . 
  thank you !, 
  finally someone said it . 
  because reddit is biased against him ? 
  til wilders ' wife is hungarian, 
  so we should ignore that the eu is run like shit exactly because of people like juncker , because if we did n't have eu then there could be a possibility of wars ? 
  nice reasoning . 
   turkish-born , greek-born and italian-born and those are not the groups i have a problem with in general . 
   130.000 inhabitant city i lived in before . 
  every major western-european city has ghettos full of minorities and the violent crimes are more common than here . 
  a city of 130.000 is not really that big , also there are differences between cities . 
  everyone i 've talked with told me that berlin , k\u00f6ln , frankfurt , hannover etc. 
  are ( in general ) dangerous shitholes full of muslim ghettoes . 
  we need to talk because i was informed that you insulted our supreme leader on the internet . 
  i do n't care about hillbillies murdering eachother in random villages . 
  the difference between germany and hungary is that in germany the big cities are more dangerous because muh diversity , and most of the rural areas are chill and safe . 
  in hungary , budapest is pretty safe , but there are a lot of hillbillies and gypsies in rural areas , and things happen . 
  i was talking about violent crimes too . 
  we should abolish laws too because a lot of these significant minorities like robbing and raping . 
  i 'd rather live in an `` ass country '' than in a country where calling out immigration is racist even though [ these are the top10 names for criminals in denmark ] ( http://imgur.com/wkiwbvk ) . 
   would crime rate really be on top of your priorities list when moving ? 
  it is for me . 
  there 's nothing in this world i hate more than crime . 
  what 's up with all the fearmongering against jobbik ? 
  do you think they have a realistic chance to get in power , or why do you consider them a threat at all ? 
  or you ca n't stand that 20 % of voters have different opinions than you ? 
  our one was so bad that it went bankrupt . 
  you ca n't beat this !, 
  i see absolutely no reason why one should brigade non-controversial , politically neutral selfposts . 
  good . 
  when do they ban extremist islam and sharia police ? 
  and they could ban antifa too if they 're at it , they are way more violent than nazis , which is a pretty huge accomplishment . 
  it 's 2016 and people still do n't realize that there is a difference between migration between eu countries with kinda similar cultures , and immigration from the third world . 
   most eastern europeans have some kind of a ban for same sex marriage ( including hungary , only civil parterships are allowed ) . 
  sorry , but i do n't consider gay marriage the most important problem in europe right now , also i do n't know in what way gay marriage is related to freedom of expression . 
  germany does n't have gay marriage either . 
  ireland has the most backwards abortion laws in the western world , while eastern europe as a whole has the most progressive ones . 
  i can bring examples too . 
  you have to understand that a lot of people here are religious/conservative , ( and marriage has a religious/traditional aspect for them ) , so they elect the same kind of government , this is how democracy works , it 's not about being `` right '' or `` wrong '' . 
  also it would be a political suicide to legalize gay marriage when public opinion is overwhelmingly against it . 
  personally i do n't give a shit about gay marriage , and the gay community is not really asking for it either . 
  i 'm agnostic and i have no problem with gay people but i hate rambling liberals too , even though i 'd probably vote yes if we had a referendum on it . 
  about `` gender ideology '' , if we are talking about the tumblr genderfluid and otherkin bullshit , then i ca n't care ( i would n't do it because i 'm all for free speech but i still find it retarded ) , because according to most scientific facts , it 's completely retarded and all of this got invented by some edgy tumblrinas trying to be special snowflakes , this stuff does n't deserve political recognition unless your government came straight out of tumblr like the swedish one . 
   hate speech laws are useful to protect minorities . 
  depends . 
  imo hate speech laws are utterly retarded . 
  laws against incitement to violence or something alike are right , laws against being anti-immigration ( which is an important political position ) is a complete undermining of democracy , european values and freedom of speech . 
  you are that stereotypical elitist jerk who hates hungary because '' hurr durr dictatorship muh progressive values i will move to the western paradise '' . 
  feel free to get the fuck out and never come back , but do us a favor and stop spewing your annoying and pathetic bullshit along with other people of your type . 
  you are literally the most annoying kind : you think you are some intellectual enlightened entity and this country is too plebian for you . 
  but the reality is that you are just a brainwashed pseudointellectual manchild . 
  move to london where less than half of the population is british , while hungary is constantly on the top5 growth list in the eu . 
  we will see in 20-30 years which ship is `` sinking '' . 
  also the previous government was 10 times worse , whether you admit it or not ( and you wont because muh leftist values , a.k.a. 
  give everything to the banks and use police brutality against protesters ) , so do n't blame it on orban . 
  italy does n't even have same-sex unions ( afaik their parliament is currently voting for it ) , and we do since 2009 . 
  we have gay pride parade in budapest every year . 
  freedom of expression is perfectly fine , the entire country was full of huge sarcastic anti-orban/fidesz billboards and none of them got taken down . 
  we are free to protest , no police brutality ( the leftists used a lot of police brutality during protests , but they are the ones crying that orban is destroying muh democracy and liberal values ) . 
  you can say anything , and get any news you want . 
  from far-right newspapers and news portals to liberal-leftist ones , we have a lot , and they are not restricted at all . 
  yes , the state tv is propaganda , but this applies to most countries . 
  it was the west who tried to downplay crimes committed by immigrants , it is the west where hate speech laws are rampant and the police comes to talk to you if you post something critical of immigration . 
  i 'd be more worried about the west than eastern europe . 
  increased government spending on refugees boosts gdp , so stop trying to justify sweden 's retarded policies with this . 
  let 's have this conversation in 5-10 years . 
  imo fidesz is like 10 times better than the previous socialist government , and the other options are jobbik ( somehow i doubt you 'd like them ) , and lmp ( who are sitting at like 5 % and fucked up by calling themselves a green party while they are pretty centrist ) . 
  so i guess we 're stuck with this for a good time , but if any of these pseudoleftist shitshow parties get elected i will pack my shit up and leave the country in a week .
