there is no such thing as race . 
  so that 's why i use the term `` civilisation '' , because there is different civilisation . 
  race is an abstract subject . 
  count the dead and injured . 
  anders breivik killed more than every islamist terrorist attack in europe in xxi century . 
  there is no muslim attacks ... but islamists . 
  well maybe you would , but it definitely means something religious , in this expression there is also the idea of going to the church . 
  tell me then , why are we not allowed to work on sunday ? 
  it 's not a worker right thing , just to be clear : their rights would have stayed the same ... 37 % of french against gay marriages , is millions , yes . 
  20 millions , approx . 
  15 maybe , without children . 
  ok , 400,000 protested against , millions were against . 
  if you have n't heard about the religion argument , you have n't listen to the debate . 
  the right of the workers would not have changed , they still would had a day off . 
  the only reason senators were against , it 's because sunday is the christian day off , so should be everyone day off . 
  every time someone talks about `` repos dominical '' it means , christian day off . 
  this word is religious one , it means `` repos qui appartient au seigneur '' so listen to video , read article , always someone say that french need the `` repos dominical '' . 
  i totally agree with you on safe zone in syria . 
  but we ca n't fight the islamists on land , because it would look like interventionism and colonialism all over again . 
  the people in middle east fear their government and isis , plus there is hunger , i think we should welcome them , because only them can help their country later , we ca n't . 
  i think we should help them save their country , and this could mean living in europe for a while . 
  we ca n't let dictators win . 
  ok . you think that , because it 's our past , and it sucks . 
  but history is important . 
  what isis is doing is what we have done 1000 years ago . 
  anyway , i 'm a against isis , of course , but it does not mean we should not welcome muslims . 
  not welcoming will make terrorist attacks worse : if you send back home people who come from syria , for example , those people will be forced to join isis to survive , because bachar is killing the syrians . 
  no one protects the syrian in syria : it 's our purpose , yes , to save them from terror , and help them . 
  same for a lot of countries : migrants often risks their lives to come in europe ( you 've seen the boats ... ) why do they do it ? 
  because if they stay in their country , they will die , either because there is nothing to eat , no public services because dictatorships take all money , and bombarded from their government , or killed by isis , or sent to jail for no reasons , etc. 
  your list might seem long ... but it 's r/europe , as someone told me before . 
  so 90 % of this list is in others countries ... 
  i tried to count the europe related one , it 's less then 20 . 
  then again , i against islamists , but muslims are not islamists . 
  i still think we should welcome people , even muslims , wnating to live in europe . 
  i told you anders breivik , who killed 77 people . 
  it was not because someone insulted his god , but it does not mean it does n't count . 
  he was a christian terrorist . 
  just like the two brothers who did the charlie hebdo attack , were terrorists . 
  what i just wrote is true . 
  and you do n't seem to have arguments against . 
  france is supposed to be a secular country , but you see , religion is everywhere . 
  for the mariage , needless to say millions of french protested against . . 
  but the sunday thing is worst : when trying to open shops the sunday , `` lawmakers '' said that it still would be an obligation to take a day off in a week ( from mon to sat ) , for worker 's right , etc. 
  senators disagree , so did the people , because it had to be sunday , because it 's the christian day off . 
  religious people are always listened to when passing laws , where they should n't be at all . 
  wow `` muslims '' ? 
  like do you talk about isis people ? 
  i would agree with that . 
  but if by muslims , you mean the +1 bn muslims in the world , no . 
  muslims are not different from you , and if you think all muslims are terrorists , there is problem with you . 
  yeah . 
  racist do n't like being called that , it 's weird . 
  anyway , racism is thinking there is a hierarchy in race , you think their is one in culture ( so civilisation ) . 
  by , definition , you are racist . 
  now if you think they all are different , but do n't want homogeneity does not make you a racist . 
  even understanding , liking yours better , is not racist . 
  saying that yours is better , is . 
  hope you get the difference . 
  that 's weird . 
  do n't you see religion is the reason laws do n't change ? 
  we had to fight for mariage for all , because religious people . 
  euthanasia & blood donation from gay still banned . 
  do n't have the right to work on sunday , because , religion . 
  every little thing that is not evolving , is because religious habits , minds . 
  you do n't know much about germany if you think they do n't want migrants . 
  europe needs migrants , because natality rate is n't that high ( 2,1 in france , we have the europe best ) . 
  so , without migrants , there wo n't be enough people to work , economy will collapse . 
  i told you crusades . 
  this is what they did : killed anyone who did n't want to convert to their belief . 
  france sucks . 
  i hate the people , who are so religious , close minded . 
  i hate the xenophobia in my country , and the racism . 
  i hate that we do nothing . 
  we do n't do anything to change , our laws are stupid . 
  we have one of the best history i think : we had big dreams for france ( i 'm talking back in 1800 's , even before ) but it failed . 
  yep , that 's the right word , racist . 
  really ? 
  since when ? 
  muslims are more often called terrorist , yes . 
  but if you look at the mass kill , i can give you : anders breivik . 
  he killed a lot of people . 
  of course , was not called terrorist by media . 
  we can stop immigrants . 
  we should n't stop them , but welcome them in our country . 
  illegal immigrants are not terrorists ... 
  nothing . 
  asked if christians were also terrorist . 
  i tell you yes , but not in the same part of the world . 
  because europe is pretty much secular . 
  so the religious fanatics are from elsewhere . 
  does not mean we have to stop welcoming migrants , because there are some fanatics . 
  because you do n't see it , does n't mean it is not happening . 
  christians fanatics are very common in the us , but are rarely called `` terrorist '' . 
  if you think only muslim extremists kill , you are wrong . 
  only two examples to show you : do you know the crusades ? 
  if not , check it out , but christians killed everyone who was n't christian , for years and years . 
  so you tell me , it 's not now ? 
  well it 's true , but christians do have their fair share in kills . 
  just two days ago , a jew fanatic stabbed six people during a gay pride , in jerusalem .
