  but china really has a lot of empty cities . 
  i mean dragging a camper behind across europe you and setting it up in a camp is far from cheap . 
  our tv programme had a piece on camping/glamping last week . 
  it 's basically the dutch who set the standards for camping in europe . 
  what dutch want it 's what the rest of europe gets . 
  basically dutch want everything to be in their vicinity . 
  shops , places to swim , activities etc. 
  one couple even complained that their camper was too far from the pool . 
  so camps need to modernise all the time or they lose guests . 
  that brings the cost of camping up and a lot of times , camping is more expensive than hotels . 
  the days when you took a tent , found a camp and enjoyed nature with your family and friends in peace are gone . 
  camping completely lost its meaning . 
  chicken , turkey , fish , beef , pork , sea fruits . 
  i did n't kill anything by myself but as majority of people who live on the countryside here or have family on the countryside , i participated . 
  ma grandma has chickens , so when i was younger and she 'd chopped their head off , i 'd help her pluck off the feathers . 
  i have also seen a bunch of pigs killed but i refuse to go anywhere near now because i 'm a bit traumatized by pig screams and i saw one pig trying to open his eclosure with his snout . 
  i do n't eat pork anymore . 
  i wanted to stop eating beef because i have seen some grow from little newborn adorable calves to full grown cows/bulls but i just love beef . 
  i only eat it maybe 1 or 2 times a month though . 
  my family buys meat ( except poultry ) from people we know and we know what they feed them , their living conditions and that they 're killed in the most humane way possible . 
  so that gives me some peace . 
  sometimes i still have to buy beef in the store so i try to buy local meat that has n't traveled long way here either alive or frozen . 
  we are too much alike !, 
   also i have a feeling that you prefer the countryside to city life . 
  is it noticable ? 
  lol . 
   iceland will be so dark in the winter !, 
  that 's why i 'd have a house on a greek island as well :p or perhaps southern hemisphere would be better in winter . 
  judo is quite popular . 
  especially in celje . 
  jiu-jitsu , idk not that popular i guess , but some people still do it as a recreational sport . 
  wrestling - no . 
  they 're not practiced in schools . 
  if i could live withouth working , some greek island . 
  obviously , i 'd need a house directly by the sea with possibly a small private beach . 
  i would also consider iceland because of the weather . 
  and how small it is . 
  scotland would be nice , maybe somwhere private in the highlands . 
  but i think it would get depressing soon . 
  i would n't mind to live on a small island somewhere in the uk either . 
  or faroe islands if they did n't slaughter whales . 
  a nice italian village sounds appealing as well . 
  on contrary , i think you 're obsessing over what europeans think of the us . 
  i think everyone here would be releived if you people finaly stopped posting questions focusing around what europeans think of different things considering the us . 
  how is that `` obsessing over americans and lecturing '' ? 
  it 's just simple answers . 
  i like cyprus . 
  sweden looks unbalanced . 
   there are no exclusively non-german schools in austria , and the minority language is only taught as a second language in the respective areas . 
  no , there 's a slovene gymnasium in klagenfurt with slovene as a 1st language . 
  there 's also two bilingual schools , where slovene and german are on the same level . 
  i 'm talking about albanian migrants now , not back then . 
  oh no , did i step on your tail ? 
  who knows . 
  i just know there 's plenty of them . 
  there 's no way to differentiate them that i know of . 
  kosovars and albanian macedonians call themseves albanians and parade albanian flag . 
  why would n't we have albanians from albania ? 
  danke neighbours . 
  sipping cocta black tonic on kor\u010dula . 
  the best . 
  move over switzerland !, 
  we 're the new neutral !, 
  no one hates us ( no you do n't croatia !, 
  ) , no one loves us . 
  we 're just here . 
   there is also a language barrier , , , just use your hands , they understand everything :p, 
  why would you even go for american girls over spanish girls ? 
  that 's like eating plain rice instead of a paella . 
  not slovaks :p it 's albanians . 
  well yes ? 
  best of the best only for us , you damn huns !, 
  idk . 
  either croatia because of border disputes and shit they did during migrant flow or hungary because , well , they 're the least relatable and we get shit food floating in pesticides and other shit from there . 
  when i 'm buying meat , the only thing i care about is that it 's not from hungary . 
  but really , i do n't really dislike any of our neighbours . 
  edit : no offence to anyone . 
  no way . 
  only citizens . 
  littering . 
  pretty much the same here . 
  it 's gotten a lot better but now we have another group of immigrants causing concerns especially in high schools . 
  well i usually differentiate between people working in touristic places and other locals . 
  those who work with tourists are usually fed up with their job , same as in other countries . 
  i also think people working in gardaland are in general rude and unhelpful . 
  but when you venture outside of places frequented by tourists , people are really nice . 
  at least by my eperience . 
  idk how it 's in poland and hungary but people here do n't ask for money for giving directions , chatting and being helpful in other ways . 
  also locals can be tourists as well , so that 's really not a measurement . 
  what i was referring to is that for a slovene everything slovene is worse than everywhere else . 
  house blessing ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  over here , on jan 1st , a neighbour comes , brings one of those huge tree mushrooms and lights it on fire . 
  that 's a house blessing here . 
  perhaps to keep the priests away :p, 
  i read that over here you write a request and take it to the church you were christened in . 
  but will that erase me from their books all together or not ? 
  yea , but you do n't excommunicate just by not attending church . 
  i was thinking of excommunicating myself , so i 'm trying to find a way :p, 
  but how do they know you left ?
