  you 're not gon na be last . 
  it 's a win . 
  left guy looks like a worm with that weird hairstyle . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  austria just sounds like a rip off of some other song heard bajilion of times already . 
  yes for placebo + oasis child . 
  add in robyn . 
  what are you using ? 
  i 'm using hola . 
  does n't work . 
  bloody brits . 
  i love him so much !, 
  nope . 
  it 's blocked for anyone outside uk . 
  and they blocked vpn 's as well recently . 
  yes she is . 
  oh my gosh , even the silver thing belgium is wearing is like fleur 's red thing . 
  bbc blocked vpn 's . 
  curse you bbc !, 
  naah . 
  we clearly do n't belong to the balcan party with our alpine attire . 
  that 's why we never get a lot of points from anyone . 
  who voted czech r. ? 
  it 's so boring . 
  why ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  yep , all of them are famous . 
  if she was signing to lithuanian people , she was signing in lgk , is n't that right ? 
  til how to sign `` night '' in lithuanian sign language . 
  no one votes for us , no one favours us ... slovenia all alone . 
  edit : slonelia . 
  i love italy !, 
  i do n't get it why italians are considered rude , because i actually find you one of the nicest in europe . 
  except workers in gardaland . 
  they put no effort into speaking english . 
  at least they did n't 15-10 years ago . 
  this just shows the bias between `` east '' and `` west '' . 
  not surprising really . 
  i 'm sorry , to me it just sounds so horribly bad . 
  like a ball stuck in your mouth when you 're trying to speak . 
  i swear i shiver when i hear it . 
  and it just does n't make sense to call a country after a region . 
  the netherlands for me . 
  should i be ? 
  i care . 
  i hate it when people call it holland . 
  it 's not holland !!!!, 
  i 'll go as far as correcting dutch when they call it that . 
  as you can see , it really irritates me . 
  i 'm sorry , next time i 'll ask you if my reply is ok before replying . 
  did i tell him he 's not allowed to ask or what are you getting pissy over ? 
  do you know snooki ? 
  we have a joke in slovenia . 
  slovenians keep wine in their cellars , austrians their women . 
  because they 're different ? 
  communism is way more extreme . 
   what does the alignment matter ? 
  is that a serious question ? 
  san marino sounds like magnifico . 
  they always find money to host these things . 
  they even wanted to host eurobasket at the peak of their crysis . 
  none that could be found in more than one city . 
  there 's horseburger in ljubljana and that 's about it . 
  and maybe hood burger . 
  apart from kebabs and bureks we only have mcdonalds . 
  and one burger king and one subway . 
  that 's it . 
  there 's a huge problem with lynx population in slovenia due to lack of genetic diversity . 
  they 're preparing a program to import them from other countries . 
  however , we have more lynx than that . 
  [ suck it austria ] ( http://img.rtvslo.si/_up/upload/2016/04/29/65307513_sabolic.jpg ), 
  bidets are not rare in slovenia . 
  they 're mostly installed in houses , however i do n't know if uses them for washing their bum . 
  we have one at our weekend house and use it as a kids sink and to wash rags and feet . 
  i tried using it to wash my bum once but it just sprayed everywhere . 
  if you have a normal diet and can wipe properly i do n't see a need to wash your ass everytime you shit . 
  having children out of wedlock was nothing special here even 3 decades ago . 
  i have several friends who 's parents never married . 
  horse = ihaha bear = brunda brunda brundada pig = hrk hrk ( snorting sound ), 
  beautiful !, 
  montenegro is gorgeous . 
   for now , this has n't turned violent ( yet ) . 
  i really ca n't imagine it ever turning violent . 
  erm , each country in europe can be divided into cultural regions like the us . 
  east and west of slovenia are culturally very different , one being influenced by hungary and the other by italy , for example . 
  naah , i think we all get it that one bimbo is just one bimbo individual and only represents himself . 
  at least henk always used the same account which ca n't be said about our slovene bimbo . 
  i would take norway . 
  coz it 's huge and you would n't meet another slovene for days . 
  you can also ski and hike . 
  oil is a bonus . 
  look at this one  the correct spelling is colours , that 's the way we learned it on highschool . 
  it 's the correct english spelling . 
  you can keep on using colors , who cares , but it 's utter wrong . 
  he had a reputation on this subreddit . 
  i do n't think i have ever seen his comment that was n't downvoted . 
  do n't worry . 
  we have an autochthonous species of bees , carniolan honey bee . 
  no other species is allowed to be kept . 
  we 're also the only country that has protected its bee .
