  cute . 
  ljubljana has 130 % more average anual precipitation than london . 
  2nd highest after podgorica actually . 
  but when it rains it pours , it does n't drizzle `` all the time '' like in uk and ireland . 
  haha me too . 
  i also refresh my knowledge of geography . 
  i love everything . 
  swimming , athletics , gymnastics , judo , fencing , kayak , canoe , whatever is on the tv really . 
  i really enjoy watching sports that usually do n't get coverage here like fencing and diving . 
  by that logic all sport events , national celebrations etc. 
  would be nationalistic conventions lol, 
  you do n't study sociology and philosophy in high school ? 
  what about psychology ? 
  none . 
  we have a restaurant that serves burgers and steaks but i would n't call it an american cuisine restaurant . 
  do n't think we have one in the capital either . 
  edit : apparently there 's a bbq place in lj , kralj \u017eara - king of bbq . 
  and the two who blew themself up in paris were what ? 
  does n't matter if there were , by luck , no casualties . 
  they were terrorist attacks and there could have been many casulaties . 
   bing ew !, 
  what browser do you use ? 
  chrome googles it for you and then there 's google browser . 
  you know , you can just type your search query into an adress bar and it will automatically google it for you ? 
  haha, 
   it translates them into your language and shows results for the translated search !, 
  does n't happen on google.si : /, 
   but at least until now , none of them have committed any terror acts . 
  that 's not true . 
  the guy who stabbed 5 in reutlingen was a refugee , the guy who blew himself up in front of a nightclub in ansbach was a refugee . 
  another 4 have been caught plotting a terrorist attack in d\u00fcseldorf , hundreds have been linked to terrorism . 
  the guy who plotted atat\u00fcrk airport terror attack was a refugee from chechnya . 
  two of the attackers at stade de france came to france with the migrant flow last year . 
  ticks are quite scary imo . 
  lyme disease can destroy your life . 
   they do n't pose a danger to people , unless you 're really unlucky . 
  but people pose danger to them . 
  it 's a law here that you need a wicker basket and you need to cut off mycellium in the woods . 
  mushroom picking is very common in various countries in europe . 
  my relatives go apeshit crazy when it comes to mushroom picking . 
  they drive across the country to get their dose of picking . 
  during mushroom seasons you 'll see cars parked by the road next to a forest because they 're searching for mushrooms . 
  also dangerous picking is wild garlic . 
  aparently there are poisonous plants that look very similar and every year a bunch of people end up hospitalized due to poisoning . 
  mr. google said that between 2009 and 2012 there was 16 reported deaths caused by animals or insects . 
  1 death due to dag attack . 
  6 deaths due to allergic reaction to bee , wasp , or hornet . 
  9 deaths due to bites or other injuries caused by other mammals ( bears , cows , bulls , etc. ) . 
  probably the most dangerous thing in slovenia are ticks . 
  we have the most lyme disease patients per capita in the world . 
  we have 3 types of poisonous snakes . 
  horned viper , asp viper and common european viper . 
  last fatal bite was in 1999 . 
  in the little sea we have , you can find greater weever , pelagic stingray , jellyfish and sharks . 
  none of them have been deadly so far . 
  at least not in recent history . 
  thanks for showing us what bees and dogs look like !, 
  such interesting and rare animals . 
  til !, 
  we do n't really have swear words here . 
  we do , but they 're strange , therefore no one uses them . 
  examples : tristo kosmatih medvedov - 300 hairy bears je bela cesta - it 's a white road porkadu\u0161 - pig soul kr\u0161\u010dendu\u0161 - baptised soul kr\u0161\u010den mati\u010dek - baptised matthew bik babji - woman bull bog/pes te nima rad - god/dog does n't love you da bi te koklja brcnila - may the chicken kick you gromska strela - thunder lightning klinc te gleda - penis watches you ko sto mater - like 100 mothers mat ' kurja - chicken 's mom \u0160mentana muha - damn housefly pojdi se solit - get yourself salted naj ti ohrovt zgnije - may your brussels sprouts rot we have something similar as what u/kunstfr said france has . 
  nisva skupaj krav pasla - we did n't herd cows together . 
  najprej \u0161tal ` ca pol pa krav ` ca - first a barn , then a cow . 
  meaning you need to have a house before a family . 
  as someone else said , school is for studying , extra curricular activities are for after school . 
  we do have school sports leagues like ` school basketball league ' ( \u0160kl ) but it 's nothing serious . 
  kids who compete in these are members of clubs outside of school . 
  there are other between-schools competitions , like chess , futsal , handball , but not many schools are part of it . 
  it 's pretty pointless imo . 
  it 's really hard to say because winters have gotten a lot warmer here in recent years . 
  reading an article that in 2014 we had around a month of temperatures above 0 \u00b0 c in january , half of those above 10 \u00b0 c. 
  that 's consecutive days . 
  when before usual temberatires were -10 to +5 \u00b0 c , we get up to 15 or even more now . 
  it does get cold as well , i remember when we had less than -20 \u00b0 c but that 's rare . 
  the lowest measured temperature was -49 \u00b0 c a few years ago on komna near bohinj ( altitude 1520m ) . 
  we can have huge temperature differences , up to around 28 \u00b0 c in a day . 
  also huge temperature differences between the days . 
  in can be very warm one day and very cold the next . 
  i think the lowest measured temperature in my city was around -27 \u00b0 c. 
  * we do n't get much snow in recent years either . 
  it snows once , maybe twice a year . 
  but it also depends on the region . 
  my region gets little snow , but region in the right foot of our chicken gets quite a bit of it . 
  the average snow fall is around 20cm in the lowlands . 
  this is quite a weird question , i must say . 
  but , we play ` med dvema ognjema ' ( lit . 
  translation ` between two fires ' ) , which is kind of like dodgeball but we usually only use one ball . 
  and we play handball . 
  i 'm pretty sure we would be able to throw things without these sports . 
  kids are taught to throw balls without having a sport in mind . 
  well than perhaps border with poland is not regulated . 
  as i said , border with austria definitely is . 
  newer models of mazda come in this colour . 
  they 're gorgeous . 
  never heard of white cars being cheaper . 
  oh jeeze , way too much to write here . 
  lots and lots of classics . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ric.si/mma/2016%20m-slo-2016/2014090112035392/ ) is a catalogue of what 4th graders in gymnasiums need to know for a final exam . 
  literature starts at page 22 , if you 're interested .
