  reported . 
  idiot . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's just similar . 
  we never had a president named boris ... 
  do it !, 
  belgium was a copy of fleur east . 
  even down to the clothes . 
  they just changed red to sparkly silver . 
  sorry , but she was horrible . 
  he was fabulous . 
  and the song was n't half bad either . 
  yes . 
  and georgia . 
  [ klemen slakonja ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/eyenocals/videos ) has been doing these `` renditions '' for years . 
  it started with our national ema for eurovision competitions . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuviqndlg4y ), 
  same here in slovenia where we give most points to serbia and bosnia . 
  on the contrary , we get little in return because no slovenian lives there . 
  what about the if the whole europe could have the same things to watch ? 
  would n't that be grand ? 
  net, 
  uh yes , it is . 
  unless you 're invited . 
  those who are n't invited ca n't just decide they want to participate if they are n't members of the ebu . 
  if , for example , mexico , decided they want to participate , they could n't . 
  unless someone had a reason to invite them . 
  if morocco , as a member of ebu , wanted to participate , they could , without invitation . 
  serbia , montenegro , croatia , italy , spain etc. 
  often send songs that are very regional sounding . 
  this years italian song was very italian/san remo . 
  so it 's pretty natural that countries culturally connected feel closer to the song than other countries . 
  edit : though a vast majority of songs these year werent regional . 
  again , what ? 
  no shit ? 
  i do n't know why you 're telling me this , as if i did n't know . 
  i was replying to that guy saying you have to be a member of eurovision . 
  which is a complete bs . 
  eurovision is a competition , not an organisation which you can be a member of . 
  you have to be a member of ebu . 
  and australia got in by invitation for 60th anniversary and now they kept them . 
  i think it 's more who 's country has a bigger diaspora . 
  poland , lithuania , serbia etc. 
  always get points from countries with big diaspora . 
  we do n't have diaspora anywhere so even with reasonably good songs in the past we very rarely get to the final . 
  i do n't know what this has to do with anything , but ok . 
  it 's not like all ee votes for one country . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i 'm gon na watch it . 
  i remember how creepy the show was to me but i was glued to the screen . 
  what ? 
  no one said they organize it . 
  i said participants must be members of ebu . 
  i 'd much rather see if they brought jeux sans fronti\u00e8res , games without borders back . 
  that was the shit . 
  so very popular that there was 7.603 votes in this years national competition ... and the one that has won * has never been heard before . 
   say `` voting really should change '' because the east-bloc only votes for themselves as if the west and scandinavia does n't . 
  was the tribe australian ? 
  i loved that show . 
  it 's for members of ebu which is a european broadcasting union , so not austrialia . 
  it 's funny coz ' you really are fat . 
  the beats would be awesome . 
  i like it . 
  not that obvious after all . 
  ukraine still has a chance . 
  i like it . 
  poland is getting from last place to a really high place . 
  who would have thought . 
  and malta lost a lot of places . 
  malta lost the most places , polan won the most . 
  i kind of like this . 
  looks like the uk is gon na be somewhere at the bottom afterall . 
  from what i heard it 's super popular . 
  that 's why they 're here ... 
  `` and to those who love albanian music . '', 
  no one then . 
  right ? 
  wooooo uk , good voting !, 
  does anyone remember france 's song ? 
  why is france so high ? 
  scandal !, 
  0 points for croatia from bosnia . 
  a bit ? 
  i was afraid to look at the tv . 
  yes , shame !, 
  oh god no . 
  with all those comercial breaks it would last a week . 
  i hope not . 
  it fun making fun out of them year after year . 
  because voting for a eurovision song would hurt my pride . 
  yes . 
  bet he 's gon na sing cry me a river . 
  i would vote for georgia if i was voting . 
  you can vote for me :d, 
  you can vote 20 times for one country i think . 
  france will be last . 
  georgia . 
  edit : or cyprus . 
  that 's chloe kardashian . 
  a relative win .
