  they taste horrible though . 
  i once bought frozen burritos and it 's probably the most disgusting thing i have ever tried . 
  so he also discovered tasmania ? 
  i have a weird dislike towards names ending with ` i ' or ` y ' , so please continue being called finland . 
  you just want to be confused with slovenia because we 're so great :p, 
  he 's so good , did he win ? 
  i honestly do n't understand why there would be any resentment ? 
  there are bigger countries with much bigger populations that are n't very exposed either . 
  it 's mostly just english speaking countries , led by the us . 
  it 's not like any of us wants to rule the world . 
  not a bosnian but we have a lot of them here . 
  a vast majority are just normal people . 
  women just wear headscarves or mostly , nothing at all . 
  most young girls are very secular and you would n't even know they 're muslim . 
  same goes for guys . 
  i had numerous bosnian friends growing up and islam was not brought up even once . 
  even when dringking alcohol . 
  i personally have only seen 2 women with a burqa/niqab in slovenia and they were tourists from middle east . 
  most headscarves wearing women here are albanian/kosovar . 
  which surprises me because albanians always say how secular there are . 
  maybe headscarves are just a cultural thing . 
  however , there is a small-ish community of ~ ~ wahhabi / ~ ~ salafists ( can never remember by which name they go ) in jesenice and ljubljana . 
  there has been a lot of talk about recruiting people in the region . 
  one slovene , yes , slovene , not bosnian slovene , is currently serving time in italy for recruiting . 
  they are tied with ~ ~ wahhabis / ~ ~ salafists in mao\u010da , bosnia . 
  one died in syria and one is being investigated for fighting in syria . 
  from what i have heard , there are around 10 ( probably a bit more now ) muslim women in slovenia wearing a burqa/niqab . 
  musilms in jesenice are getting free arabic lessons by a local ~ ~ wahhabi / ~ ~ salafi who studied at islamic university of doha so there 's definitely some spreading going on . 
  he denies any radical thoughts , but he is friends with bilal bosni\u0107 , a bosnian radical muslim who i think has been arrested and tried for something in bosnia . 
  they 're also shunned by slovene muslim community and are forbidden entrance to a new mosque and all praying rooms * . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz72cwpymim ) a recent piece on ` radical ' muslims in slovenia . 
  no english subtitles though . 
   naprej , zastava slave do n't like the lyrics at all . 
  it 's a complete oposite of our national anthem i like the music though . 
  i have heard israelis are the worst . 
  i do n't work in tourism so do n't take my word . 
  really ? 
  they 'd need less effort to look up a real name than to come up with that . 
  it may not leave physical damage but very often leaves psychological damage . 
  you do n't have to have kids to have an opinion on hitting children . 
  i studied developmental psychology . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm pretty sure they would n't call her that if she was german , for example . 
  i do n't think about her . 
  i have nothing bad to say about her . 
  it only boils my blood when people call her a mail order bride because that 's disrespectful to our women and that shit never existed here . 
  no one . 
  no one at all . 
  we 're perftect the way we are . 
  if we had to , i 'd chose someone completely different . 
  like portugal or greece . 
  i would never think of that as a name . 
  maryland nature looks too flat though . 
  we need something with mountains , hills and caves . 
   but i do n't know what you mean by diverse ethnic make up ? 
  probably because xroad germanic , romance , slavic , ugric . 
  we are mixed . 
   puch you 're welcome . 
   colt that just reminds me of 3 ninjas . 
  i had a cat named kimi . 
  after kimi raikkonen . 
   trey i think that 's usually used as a nickname for `` insert name '' the third . 
  for example if he 's steven the third ( named after grandpa and dad ) , his nickname would be trey instead of steve . 
  that 's sad . 
   tye so i knew i boy whos name is tay ( pronounced taj ) . 
  his parents were so stupid they did n't know it should be pronounced as ` tej ' . 
   bogdan/a , bo\u017eidar / a , bogomil/a , \u010crtomir , kajtimar , ljudmila , jelena , milivoj yea , i 'd be more horrified to hear a baby with a name like that than with those short dog names . 
  i wish valuk , an old slovene name , was a thing . 
  i 'd totaly name my son that . 
  now i 'm stuck on svit and oton or maybe vitan . 
  i like jedrt and jerca but maybe a bit too old fashioned for me . 
  edit : comma, 
  do they at least get paid for those vacation day they did n't use ? 
  no idea what that is so i would say ... no ? 
  of course . 
  i feel like i use less water washing each thing individually than if i soak and then rinse . 
  i did n't come up with that law so no need to downvote me . 
  i 'm against hitting children in any sort of way but no one 's gon na take your child away if you slap their fingers . 
  it 's not easily abused as social services need proof of harmful behaviour . 
  that is strange that you 'd need to use your vacation days for being sick . 
  where do they have that ? 
  as i said in another comment , making corporal punishment illegal is so that it 's easier to take kids away from obviously abusive parents . 
  no one 's gon na hang around you 24/7 observing if you slap your childs fingers . 
  people in france slap their dogs ? 
  me too but my mom says washing them individually wastes water . 
  making corporal punishment illegal is more so that they can take kids from obviously abusive parents more easily . 
  i heard that too , more specifically for ireland . 
  we definitely rinse them here . 
  no , no one deserves to be spanked as a child . 
  not really low class or trashy , but for some reason , some people hate new , shorter , kind of made up or foreign names . 
  tian , tjan , maj , kaj , taj ( mai , kai , tai ) , liam , lun , lin , nej , nai , kiara , tiara , taja ... those kind of names . 
  they say , why just not pick a normal slovene name ... 
  there are very little slovene names . 
  most are slovenised biblical names which used to be foreign as well . 
  in our case it 's pagan , idk why jewish people do it . 
  we knock on wood to prevent bad things happening to us . 
  it 's a pagan thing . 
  yep . 
  i like it a lot . 
  winter holidays in february for school children .
