  ten . 
  no brainer . 
  for some reason if i write ' 10 . ', 
  first , it shows it as ' 1 . ', 
  in a comment . 
  aksel lund svindal is ace !, 
  it 's not legal here , though many people think it should be legal , regulated and taxed . 
  every now and then you 'll hear of an erotic massage place or a night club being raided under suspicion of prostitution/human trafficking , which is almost always a case . 
  there 's no street prostitution , the most common ones are night club and private prostitution . 
  i do n't think it 's a political issue . 
  welcome to europe , india !, 
  :p india is pretty shit at sport , let 's be honest . 
  except in cricket . 
  tomba la bomba !, 
  loved him !, 
  federica pellegrini and federico pellegrino . 
  federico is a cross country skier . 
  ah , he warms my heart lol, 
  let 's be honest , we 're just good at every sport we do ( except football ) . 
  special mention goes to toma\u017e humar , dead as well unfortunately . 
  only fire and ice by robert frost for our final exam . 
  edit : at slovene , i think the only two we had to know by heart were zdravljica ( where our anthem was taken from ) and [ so\u010di ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzvxhueldze ) . 
  which i do n't mind at all . 
  every slovene needs to know these two by heart , imo . 
  tina maze , peter prevc and the rest of ski jumpers * , an\u017ee kopitar and goran dragi\u010d are top 4 . 
  and then many many more . 
  tim gajser , tina trstenjak , peter kauzer , vasilij \u017dbogar , filip flisar , basketball players , handball players ... hard to choose really , we have so many . 
  oh yeah , i forgot that . 
  * medical exam . 
  * at least 20 hours of theory class ( road and traffic regulations ) . 
  * road and traffic regulations exam . 
  * when you pass r & t reg exam you start a practical part in a driving school . 
  you need at least 20 driving hours hours ( that 's usually for those who had their drivers licence taken from them ) . 
  i think average is around 40 hours ( in ljubljana ) * but some need even over 200 hours , i heard . 
  a few of those hours need to be a night drive , a few on a highway and few a long distance drives . 
  * when your driving school teacher thinks you 're ready , he/she will apply you for an exam . 
  an official examiner sits in the back seat of the car and gives you directions . 
  on average , people need to take this exam twice . 
  i think if you fail 3 or 4 times you need to retake road and traffic regulations exam . 
  * you 're considered a ` young driver ' until you turn 21 or until you had your drivers licence for 2 years if you took your exam when you were older than 19 . 
  after that , you need to take a ` young driver ' class , which is a theory and practical safe driving class . 
  you practice driving on slippery/icy roads , facing a sudden obsticle etc. 
  the closest one to me is ikea graz . 
  around 1 hour drive from where i live . 
  the one in lj will be just a bit further away . 
   but ( rural ) austria also looks a bit `` old-fashioned '' in my eyes , a country/countryside where folklore is quite important . 
  is keeping traditions a bad thing ? 
  they will be opening one in ljubljana . 
  so far there was so need because it 's not far to ikeas in italy and austria anyway . 
  once they open it in lj ... poor ikeas by the border . 
  they will lose half of their customers . 
  interpellation of minister of labour , family and social affairs . 
  social services took two boys from their grandparents because they deemed them unfit to take care of them . 
  supreme court ruled they violated grandparents right to family when they took those kids away . 
  but other courts have not yet assessed what 's in best interest of those kids . 
  minister ( and ombudsman of childrens rights ) agreed with social services that grandparents are unfit to take care of the kids and people as people protested their decision . 
  jan\u0161a ( devil in human form ) used this for his own political gain and his party filed interpellation . 
  not the first one in recent weeks either . 
  oh my gosh , i just realised that 's named after a city . 
  it 's called segedin or segedinar here . 
  our gola\u017e definitely looks more like that porkolt thingy . 
  i think it 's the same almost everyhwhere in europe . 
  wow finnish version is really beautiful . 
   la tribu de dana that 's a great one . 
  music at the beginning is not something i 'd personaly asociate with france . 
  what are the lyrics about ? 
  what were the lyrics and why did you remove them ? 
  interesting ... what 's it about ? 
  : o poland , you need a therapist !, 
  over the hills and far away sounds like it should be a theme song of an animated movie . 
   hitler has only got one ball hahahaha  auld lang syne this is the first time i heard a sang version . 
  huh , i did not know hans also wrote songs . 
  and good ones at that . 
  til !, 
  how come finlandia is n't your anthem ? 
  it 's a glorious song . 
  japanese really like to [ sing foreign songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2qlzxkl6sc ) haha . 
  we also hand a [ band aid song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijs7a2t8hvo ) but it was dedicated to bosnia during their war . 
  ru\u017ea hrvatska is a great song . 
  our anthem is not about slovenia or slovenes either but about peace , but you know , most other anthems are dedicated to a nation . 
   sabaton that is awesome . 
  i 'll be listening to them today . 
  wow very beautiful songs , especially when sang by so many people . 
  what time of the year is this festival going on ? 
  is it only for participants or does it have space for observers as well ? 
  great lyrics . 
  so rich . 
  ours are always so simple . 
  we have tons and tons of songs like this . 
  it 's difficult to cut it down to a few , so these are my picks . 
  a vast majority of this kind of songs talk about beauties of landscape , wine related stuff and home . 
  they 're pretty sentimental . 
  [ slovenija , od kod lepote tvoje ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8mrwxvgtae ) - chorus translation : `` slovenia , where do your beauties come from ? 
  we greet you from our hearts and we 're happy to live here . 
  slovenia , let a song sing to you , do n't look for happyness anywhere but at home . '', 
  [ siva pot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qweg1xkulj0 ) - `` you 're almost paradise , you oberkrein/upper carniola , grey mountains and green rivers . 
  this is where life hides its treasures . 
  you 're old as a sun and younger than spring . 
  grey path leads me where ever my heart wants . 
  to upper carniola where mountains are , grey path leads me . '',
