  we 're a major transit country . 
  everything goes through here . 
   salty much ? 
  i 'm not but you certainly are , constantly complaining about it . 
   i find vignettes an archaic and fairly inconvenient are you serious ? 
  you still have toll booths !, 
  not to mention it costs 10 $ to get from the border to venice . 
  not even a round trip . 
  i do n't know what 's inconvenient about getting a sticker . 
  is stoping at a petrol station to have a loo inconvenient ? 
  food is love < 3, 
  we have those [ nutcases ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahfq4asease ) here as well . 
  but not me . 
  not me !, 
  his english is fine . 
  i was reffering to lunatics that would dip toes in 14 \u00b0 c water . 
  adriatic sea turns around 20 \u00b0 c ( maybe a few less ) beginning of may here ( and croatia ) . 
  may 1st holidays is when brave people take a 1st dip of the year . 
  what about us ? 
  not happy ? 
  what about us ? 
  not happy ? 
  are a lot of people in scotland suicidal ? 
  lol i posted a link and i did n't even read through . 
  typical me ... 
   i speak fluent english prove it !, 
  zupan\u010di\u010d , klemen\u010di\u010d , ur\u0161i\u010d and toma\u017ei\u010d sound very slovene to me . 
  i would think kav\u010di\u010d would be more common in croatia . 
  what about kau\u010di\u010d ? 
  babi\u010d sounds more croatian . 
  there has been migrations so we can contribute some last name sharing to that . 
  how common are - \u0161ek and - nik lastnames ? 
  i read that those are [ slovene suffixes ] ( http://www.mladina.si/93287/izvori-priimkov/ ) , but i 'm pretty sure i once heard of a czech with a - \u0161ek last name . 
   i will definitely avoid you that 's scure . 
  oh that 's gon na be so difficult . 
  good luck !, 
   and a tip : learn how to detect irony . 
  i sure wo n't take a tip on how to do it from you , since it does n't seem like you know exactly what irony is . 
   how do you know that we do n't complain about austria ? 
  i was reffering to op . 
   what do you need google for when you can learn how to learn how to read maps and avoid your highways all together ? 
  if you ca n't learn hot to use google to find info about road regulations of countries you 're visiting , then idk how you 'll be able to read maps . 
  maybe you can avoid us all together . 
   be careful with all that salt or your green country will turn yellow the only saltiness is commin from op . 
  idk how many times he 's been bitching about our vignettes on here now . 
  novak - 11.124 - new guy ( in the army ) horvat - 9.648 - probably someone who came from croatia/traded in croatia etc. 
  kova\u010di\u010d - 5.605 - patronym of kova\u010d ( look bellow ) krajnc - 5.522 - a person from kranjska ( carniola/krain ) zupan\u010di\u010d - 5.020 - patronym of zupan . 
  origin has conflicting information . 
  it could be from ' \u017eupan ' which means ` mayor ' but some sources say ` zupan ' used to mean ` farmer ' . 
  poto\u010dnik - 4.703 - someone who had a house by a stream ( potok - stream ) kova\u010d - 4.667 - smith mlakar - 3.926 - ca n't find info on origin but probably someone who lived by a pond/pool/puddle . 
  mlaka does n't translate into english . 
  kos - 3.872 - it means ` common blackbird ' . 
  another origin may be from a position of a farm on a hill that was called ` kosje ' or ` kozje ' . 
  vidmar - 3.857 - manager of church estate, 
  i always pay with a card , even if i only buy gum , though i feel ridiculous doing so and try to avoid it . 
  never had problems . 
  the only place i think people here preffer to pay with cash is in caffe 's but you can always pay with a card . 
  in restaurants they always ask cash or card . 
  my card expires next year , so i do n't really know but everytime i 've been with my mom she used a contactless terminal . 
  so i would say most are updated , at least bigger stores , not sure about tiny shops in villages . 
  that is a thing here . 
  you get that big buzzing disk . 
  very bad of us to rob people incapable of googling and seeing . 
   they have n't discovered toll booths in slovenia yet !, 
  / s italians have n't discovered internet and the fact you should check countries road regulations before you travel . 
  surprisingly , you do n't bitch about austrian vignettes . 
  i wonder why . 
  also diopter glasses do n't seem to be a thing there if you ca n't see huge boards at the border crossings telling you you need a sticker . 
   a huge percentage of the cars would n't pass safety or emissions tests here yes , we know how that goes with vw 's . 
  also if you have more than one contactless card it can sometimes take money from all of them if you put a whole wallet next to a terminal . 
  which aparently some people do . 
   contactless card payment it 's a thing . 
  when your card expires and a bank sends you new one , you get a contactless one . 
   card payment only germany is dead set on paying with money afaik . 
   also 4g everywhere is a thing that 's missing from many mainland european countries . 
  where a signal does n't reach ( valleys and trees ) and not many people live . 
  it also depends on how wind blows . 
  at our weekend house i sometimes have no signal at all , i make a few steps and have a full 4g . 
  it has been few years ago . 
  the weight of a school bag should n't be more than 10 % of a childs weight . 
  but if a 6 years old weighs 20kg that means the bag with all the stuff inside should n't weigh more than 2kg . 
  with the kind of hard-shell ergonimic bags they need , that 's almost impossible . 
  though most kids in lower grades leave most of their stuff in school nowadays and use of e-books is encouraged . 
  i buy fresh and what i need , so two or 3 times a week . 
  i do n't eat much bread and when i do , i get one without yeast that stays good longer that a day . 
  i usually shop in a large supermarket once a week because you get a 25 % off cupon for one item . 
  i use that on olive oil , steak , laundry detergent ... whatever i need that costs a bit more and is worth using a cupon on . 
  for smaller things i just go to one of the shops in my neighbourhood . 
  i wear what i usually wear or most of the time , more comfortably when travelling . 
  i do n't give a crap about ` travel tips ' . 
  i do watch travelling videos on youtube so i get a lot of ` travel tips - what to wear in europe ' recommended videos . 
  it 's bs . 
  when you 're on a trip you walk a lot more than locals , therefore you need shoes and clothes that are comfortable and weather appropriate . 
  you ca n't travel to scotland with fashionable jacket and shoes when you know you will get wet the 1st day you 're there and will then be freezing until they dry . 
  we 're not . 
  your jeans do seem different , as in , very baggy , but who cares . 
  migrating to the coast every summer . 
  hiking on the weekends you 're not at the coast . 
  over here it 's 1 or 2 kids , a pug or a french bulldog and for those in the countryside - bernese mountain dog . 
  we just call it ' \u0161marn ' ( schmarrn ) in slovenia .
