  yea i do n't think so . 
  it would also mean some countries would have to expand or build new prisons . 
  that 's a very weird one yes . 
  and the whole bullying thing and some students being shunned by everyone . 
  if someone makes fun out of someone here , it lasts a week , maybe two , then everyone forgets about it . 
  sure , why not , it 's a nice name . 
  i think it 's different cases . 
  ca n't recognise anything . 
  but this is a really good idea to get some leads . 
  surely she wo n't mind , it 's a lovely name . 
  fatima or fata for short is kind of a joke name for bosnian cleaning ladies here . 
  but she 'll probably never step a foot in slovenia so disregard this . 
  svit ( dawn ) , oton , brin ( juniper ) , vitan or vito for a boy . 
  vita , kaja or ma\u0161a for a girl . 
  nope , sorry , we try to deviate away from drunk tourists . 
  we do n't need their barf here . 
  aha we are difinitely friendly with tourists . 
  it 's the general opposotional attitude , constant complaining and lack of trust into anything and anyone . 
  i mean , not to brag about it , but we 're pretty much great at any sport we do :p . except football . 
  we had better days . 
  [ second railway track ] ( http://www.drugitir.si/en/second-track ) between koper and diva\u010da that 's a few decades too late . 
  it 's estimated it will cost between 1,16 and 1,46 billion $ . 
  there definitely are iranian people seeking asylum among the bunch for different reasons . 
  war is not the only cause for refuge . 
  yugos ? 
  what the hell ? 
  do we seem brown to you ? 
  we 're as white and my grandma 's bleached bed sheets . 
  the one they speak in [ maribor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9fl7czfmw0 ) . 
  trieste definitely has a large one . 
  i think we already have too much going on considering the size of population . 
  it 's difficult to finance all the sports people here are good at . 
  i wish they 'd shift more money from football to other sports that are a bit neglected though . 
  oh yes home alone . 
  no christmas is christmas without that being shown on tv 10 times prior . 
  people . 
  thank you for being more insane than us . 
  there is an on going joke here , since 1 means you failed and 5 means excelent ... if you get 1 , you say you got a german 5 , because it sounds better . 
  yes , you really need to save money luxembourg !, 
  makes sense !, 
  i do n't remember getting graded . 
  there was also a paralel class that had no grades at all for all the subjects up to 3rd grade i think . 
  class a and b had grades but c did n't . 
  they only got bee stamps . 
  and i thought we 're crazy with 212 . 
  and you 're 1/10th of us in land size . 
  maybe we also started in 4th grade ? 
  my memorry is getting worse !!, 
  we 're old !, 
  that 's weird . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was obligatory at our school . 
  we had no other option and it was during school time not after or before . 
   we had non-obligatory english in years 3 and 4 ( ages 8-9 ) what ? 
  we had obligatory english since 3rd grade , so did my brother . 
  i finished elementary school in 2002 i think and my brother in 1996 . 
  i think they 're introducing english in 1st grade now . 
  i do n't like it at all . 
  a lot of other bad things stem from that characteristic . 
  like family feuds . 
  but i think it 's mostly true in the countryside , at least from my experience . 
  and it 's more rampant in styria . 
  i hate going to my relatives because all they do is gossip about neighbours . 
  same goes for all the neighbours around them . 
  that or complaining about health and other stuff . 
  i love my aunt but i ca n't spend 5 min around her . 
  like wtf , do n't they have any other interests ? 
  having lived in an apartment in a city almost my whole life before moving , we never had such problems with our neighbours . 
  we got along pretty well . 
  how does it feel , being among the clouds ? 
  yep . 
  that 's why . 
  most of them have learning difficulties and few even get past 6th grade of elementary . 
  they have an option to attend an adapted school program with lower educational standard but that 's discouraged because integration is a priority . 
  ~ ~ maximum 28 . ~ ~ ~ ~ if a class has min 3 roma children then the class size is max 21 . ~ ~ ~ ~ if a class has a special need child ministry of education can also lower the number of kids in one class , depending on the extent of special needs of a student . ~ ~ ~ ~ the lowest number of students needed to make one class out of 2 classes is 21 . ~ ~ ~ ~ we have a lot of small schools , the smallest one only had 2 students this school year . 
  so this brings the average number of kids per class down to 19,8 . ~ ~ edit : scratch all that . 
  i thought you wanted to know for elementary school . 
  here 's for secondary schools : lower vocational education schools : 16 - 20 students . 
  secondary vocational education schools : 26 - 30 students . 
  secondary proffesional education schools : 28 - 32 students . 
  gymnasiums : 30 - 32 students . 
   fritattensuppe when i was a kid we usually had pancakes for saturday dinner and then beef soup with left over pancakes for sunday lunch . 
  french onion soup and creamy mushroom soup are my faves . 
  holy sh * t , i googled it , that looks terrifying . 
   country with money , good food and tall people to inject that height into our gene pool i do n't think a country like that exists . 
  good food is on the south , tall people are in the balkans and north and countries with money are in the north . 
  you can get a combination of tall people and good food , but no money . 
  everyone i personally know never had a bad experience . 
  it 's only those loud mouths on the internet that thinks our police is the worst ever . 
  really ? 
  source ? 
  `` stray '' dogs only if/when they run away looking for their gf 's . 
  microhipping is obligatory here . 
  cats more often , but total strays are still rare . 
  usually they belong to someone , they 're just allowed to roam free . 
  there 's a few stray cats in lj but they regulary get picked up by different associations . 
  i do . 
  a lot of people do n't . 
  mostly those that speed and get caught . 
  i have never been stopped until now , probably because i respect the law . 
   and also lidl always has some `` special '' products from some country .
