  urban\u010di\u010d is quite clearly a slovene last name . 
  no one cares except for a few people in sevnica . 
  no.one.at.all . 
  when i was a ` tabornik ' we went camping into the woods/by the rivers , lakes or sea in the summer . 
  we always slept in tents . 
  in winter we always went to a cabin and in may we went to a camp that was owned by our scout group . 
  it was in the woods and had multiple little wooden houses that slept 4 . 
  once we campled in tents by a river and were caught in huge floods and had to be evacuated during the night . 
  those were really good times . 
  oh , i guess we found the reason . 
  her last name has nothing to do with it . 
  yes , but it 's a bit different here . 
  i was a ` tabornik ' when i was a kid . 
  it 's kind of like scouts but ` skavti ' here are connected with catholic church , taborniki are not . 
  we went to various camps throughout the year . 
  there 's also summer camps for kids with medical issues ( subsided ) and summer camps for kids whos parents ca n't afford to take them on summer holidays ( subsided 100 % ) . 
  those camps are held on the slovene or croatian coast . 
  as a kid i went to the one in ba\u0161ka twice , once subsidesed for medical reasons and once just like that , my parents had to pay full price . 
  not really classical camping though as they sleep in a house . 
  some organisations also offer similar camps . 
  i know asocciation of people with celiac disease also has camps for kids and associations for people with special needs have them too . 
  edit : edited in a link edit 2 : there 's also various sport camps . 
  goran dragi\u010d has a [ basketball camp ] ( http://gorandragic.si/ ) , an\u017ee kopitar had a [ hockey camp ] ( http://www.ak-11.com/slo/novice/782/1-hokejski-kamp-anzeta-kopitarja ) . 
  i guess they 're camps only by name . 
  no one really camps in a tent . 
   not nationality , but location . 
  if you were a slovene living in france , then things would be different . 
  how exactly ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  i would see a map of europe exactly the same i see it now . 
  from a birds eye view . 
  you also do n't know my current location . 
   why you 'd think finland is in northern europe , but estonia eastern europe because finland is quite a bit northern than you , that 's why . 
  stop being so butthurt . 
  well , unwanted pregnancies probably is a # 1 reason for neutering/spaying , because 1 ) many hick people are n't responsible and 2 ) because a lot of people live in dispersed villages like me . 
  i would n't want to keep a female in heat inside either . 
  yucky . 
  and some male dogs get really annoying when they 're in heat . 
  the other big reason for me is that it adds years to their lives and prevents testicular/mammary cancer . 
  dogs do n't care if they have balls or not , so why not just neuter/spay them sooner than later . 
  only con of nutering/spaying is that they get fat easily . 
  but the again , in our case , diet kibble is cheaper than the regular one . 
  his mother was slovene . 
  he 's probably a nazi . 
  sorry austrians , no need to downvote me . 
  you can have him . 
  they certainly lack parking spaces here . 
  so idk ... do families in serbia only have 1 car ? 
  but it 's a lot easier if the dog is neutered . 
  not neutering/spaying a dog is n't reponsible either . 
  no one around where i live has a fence around their house . 
  your folk probably lives by a main road . 
  i do n't . 
  i live in a dispersed settlement and no one has a fence as no one really has a close neighbour . 
  my dog has access to outside 24/7 when we 're at home . 
  he 's not always supervised because he just sniffs and lays around . 
  he 's neutered and does n't even go shit without someone taking him for a walk . 
  leaving him outside alone would probably not be an option if he had his balls . 
  i 'm glad he does n't . 
  what ? 
  what does my nationality have to do with it ? 
  the question was ` how do you personally , or how does your school/nation divide europe into regions ? 
  ~ ~ i do n't think i have ever been in a building in slovenia with more than 12 floors . ~ ~ there 's not many of them . 
  oh , i think neboti\u010dnik ( skyscraper ) has exactly 13 . 
  they did n't skip it . 
  one borders a civil nation and the other one does not . 
   slovenia is another tough one , ... but the clear connection to the rest of south slavs i feel no connection with macedonia and bulgaria . 
  i mean we shared a country with fyrom for 70 years but that 's about it . 
  there 's no cultural ties whatsoever . 
  and especially not with bulgaria . 
  i do n't think i 'd feel any cultural connection with bosnians , serbians and montenegrins either if it wasnt for their immigrants and therefore their popular media constantly present here . 
  going to bosnia feels a lot more foreign to me than going to czech r. for example . 
  i divide europe purely geographically . 
  i do n't think there 's any point in dividing it culturally or politically . 
  but if someone does , fine with me . 
  as long as it 's done correctly . 
  which usually it 's not . 
  i do n't remember how we divided it in school but i usually put portugal , spain , italy and malta to southern europe uk , ireland , france , belgium , netherlands , luxembourg to west europe iceland , denmark , norway , sweden and finland to northern europe estonia , latvia and lithuania to east or north east europe germany , switzerland , liechtenstein , austria , hungary , slovakia , czech r. , poland ( and slovenia ) to central europe ukraine , belarus , russia ( and estonia , latvia , lithuania ) to east europe croatia , bih , serbia , montenegro , kosovo , albania , macedonia , bulgaria , romania , greece ( and slovenia ) to south eastern europe . 
  slovenia can either be central or south eastern . 
  i do n't know where to put andorra . 
  of course it 's not responsible , but it does happen . 
  people in the countryside do n't have fences around their houses and do n't keep eyes on their dogs all the time . 
  in the summer dogs are outside a lot and can easily get away . 
  neutering them prevents that in most cases . 
  dogs with balls like to roam when they 're in heat . 
  it happens here in the countryside as well ... a lot . 
  do n't know about weddings but it 's probably similar to birthdays . 
  all sorts of cookies/pastries/cakes . 
  usually it 's one of the aunts or some other relative or few relatives that volounteers to make them . 
  everyone has their own recipes . 
  in my family , [ ` peaches ' ] ( http://pekarstvo-gorenc.si/cms/izgled/pekarstvogorenc//img/banner7.jpg ) are the most popular . 
  i replied to you , not to op . 
   my pupper is my best friend . 
  that 's exactly why i neutered mine . 
  it is very common here . 
  all dogs and cats in shelters are neutered ( edit : and spayed ) . 
  thank god . 
  i love my dog to death and want him to live healthy as long as possible . 
  neutering adds a couple of years to their lives . 
  i have a question for americans .
