  what is ( was ) a grammar school in scotland ? 
  you only have vocational schools now ? 
  i do n't remember them at all . 
  i only remember [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vd2pptxyotc ) . 
  i think it 's a childrens song ? 
  we sang it during may . 
  not sure what 's special about may , is it mary 's month ? 
  there was a mass every day and i think it was epecially meant for kids ( ? ) . 
  this is the only time kids loved going to church because we collected stickers , the priest asked questions during mass and you could win a price . 
  anyway , we all loved that song . 
  edit : i remember [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qmdaxs9oym ) as well . 
  it was called a ` migrant wave ' . 
  you 're over the top a bit . 
  it 's ok . 
  but we do have lots and lots of thunderstorms . 
  ljubljana is the wettest capital in the eu , 2nd after podgorica in europe . 
  it does n't constantly rain , but when it does , it rains heavily . 
  i wish we had more snow . 
  winters have been getting increasingly warmer , it 's not even unusual to get 10 or even more degrees in the winter . 
  whereas before , -15 was not unusual . 
  temperatre changes can be very drastic here . 
  super warm one day , very cold next day . 
  we truly are on the crossroads of everything . 
  languages , cultures , ethnicities , even weather . 
  mediterranean from one side , alps from the other . 
  knowing italians , i 'm not even surprised . 
  half of people living in gorizia probably do n't even know they border slovenia , even less that the train station is 5m from the border and they can see it from their country . 
  naah ? 
  ssshhhh !, 
  i know a few are . 
  just shhhh !, 
  do n't let him win . 
  they 're not really liquorice though but a mix . 
  liquorice is not really popular here . 
  symbol of what ? 
  your ridiculousness ? 
  yes , i agree . 
  how can ` new ' trains look like old trains ? 
  they 're not even the same brand . 
  those trains you linked are not in use anymore . 
  we have newer , siemens ones , same kind they use in austria that are far from shit . 
  and a few older ones that have been renovated . 
  why is that weird ? 
  it 's the best , freshest milk you can get . 
  can you just log out for a few months and stop commenting nonsense ? 
  in the olden times . 
  nowadays they come like [ this ] ( http://www.fructal.si/products/index/superior ), 
   ... uht ( aka fake ) milk . 
  almost all dairy milk ... huh ? 
  what is your uht milk made from then ? 
  yea , when traffic jams are expected like for big events or near touristic sites . 
  no , and it 's not an excuse either . 
  it 's just his personality coupled with whatever kind of disorder he has . 
  oh was [ that ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/20/22/55/2022552cac2217444e5fef5bb5f46811.jpg ) by tetra pak as well ? 
  did not know !, 
  i just realized that 's where ` tetra ' probably comes from !, 
  haha . 
  i do n't think he 's a troll . 
  i suspect he has asd with dyslexia as a comorbid disorder . 
  it 's not exclusive to slovenia , but a mountain hut keeper ? 
  it 's quite a rare profession , i think . 
  knowing him ... 
  i know serbo-croatian is what he meant . 
  he 's special . 
  for sure ... 
  there are expats around the world from every country , you know ? 
  i 'm positive it does n't make a difference in china if you speak polish , finnish or scb . 
  sounds like snoring . 
  how do you not choke ? 
  do you have to drink a lot of water and lick throat candy to heal your throat after you spit all the saliva out ? 
  thanks !, 
  french , italian , portugese , greek and russian for me . 
   serbo-croat , - the language to know as a traveler around the world yes , because so many people speak it outside of scbm ... 
  polish , czech and slovak all sound like child talk to me . 
  i have lived in the 90 's and do n't remember ever using milk in bags . 
  my mom says milk in plastic bags was available in the 80 's but so was milk in carton , glass and plastic bottles . 
  also in this weird triangle shaped carton . 
  i 've seen bags in some distant corner in a little shop in my neighbourhood but i have never seen anyone buy it or use it . 
  i just think every district speaks differently . 
  it 's not about rich/working class , as it 's pretty equal here and mixed but more about your background and who you hang out with . 
  did n't know that 's albanian . 
  probably bohinj railway from bohinjska bistrica to nova gorica . 
  i have also heard of tourists loving a train ride from zagreb to ljubljana . 
  maribor - ljubljana is n't bad either . 
  i once rode in a same compartment with two old canadians and they were glued to the window . 
  yea , i think serbia would be a good starting place . 
  rent and everything else will also be cheaper than in some other countries . 
  yea , slavic or hungarian . 
  idk why dutch , portugese does n't have that dutch snoring sound . 
  lol that 's even worse than people thinking as slovenia being some sort of a region in russia . 
  worse as in geographical distance from real location but better because who the heck wants to be associated with russia ? 
   dua lipa who ? 
  everyone knows serbia as a bad guy . 
  i 'd say 5 or 6/10 . 
  ssshhh !, 
  stop . 
  we 're a 10 !, 
  it is . 
  sometimes it 's good to be annonymous , away from all the shit happening . 
  what the heck ?
