  no , but i 'd love to . 
  i have heard of quite a few people who went to marocco with a car though . 
  we learnt about kashmir in geography class . 
  why me ? 
  i think we use ` french ' instead of ` swedish ' . 
  that 's the only one i know . 
  we also use ` czech ' for everything that 's not aesthetically pleasing . 
  in before sonja suggests cvi\u010dek . 
  do not get cvi\u010dek . 
  you 'd get strange looks and people would get the hell away from you . 
  yea , either phylosophy or history but not ( insert mother tongue ) class . 
  of course it 's not . 
  i 'm just thinking what was the oldest text regardless of language . 
  epic of gilgamesh ? 
  when was parable of the prodigal son ( prilika o izgubljenem sinu ) written ? 
  that may be the oldest . 
  we read excerpts from freising manuscripts ~ 972 ad . 
  they 're the first continuous text in a slavic language in latin script and the oldest document of slovene . 
  bosnians . 
  they pretty much built our entire country and cleaned every building in the country . 
  they 're good people . 
  i really do n't understand why italians drive in the middle of a highway . 
  literally middle of the highway . 
  i mean , left side of the car left of the dotted line and right side of the car right of the dotted line . 
  why ? 
  i 'm also under an impression italian cars do n't have blinkers . 
  other than that , i never really had trouble with them , but it 's true that i have never driven in italy . 
   also i 'd like to point out that historically speaking , us slovenians are surprisingly good at assimilating other nations . 
  and then you go on saying how no one really assimilated except serbs in the right shoe of the chicken . 
  and that it took us 200 years to assimilate austrians . 
  and to remind you , every country has stories like this . 
  so that ` pretty good at asimilating ' is kind of a stretch . 
   have people assimilated ? 
  some very well , some not so well . 
   do you want more/less immigration ? 
  i wa n't normal numbers that we can manage . 
  also , more countries , not just same ol' same ol' . 
  i think too many immigrants from the same country ai n't that good . 
   from which country do you get most immigrants from ? 
  bosnia , kosovo , serbia , croatia , albania , macedonia , bulgaria , ukraine . 
   who are the best/worst ? 
  take a guess . 
   or are you an immigrant yourself ? 
  nope . 
  what kind of question even is this ? 
  `` according to the guardian , a parliamentarian from the region said that locals told him a teacher and his young son had been killed . 
  others say the region was inhabited only by isis fighters . '', 
  that 's from moab . 
  jesus christ , [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-39613313 ) . 
  the internet ? 
  ca n't you google or what ? 
  it 's also on the front page of reddit . 
  nope , moab . 
  bus bombing killed around 120 . 
   many germans also regard austria as nothing more than a backwards ~ ~ little germany ~ ~ you 're not much better in regards to slovenia at least . 
   for sandals , crocs-type shoes etc. 
  are you sure ? 
  you 're a czech :p, 
  never heard of that before . 
  beside , demographics of middle easterners and mexican immigrants to us and europe are different because of , you know , ocean in between . 
  middle easterners migrating to the us are usually of wealthier and more educated families , hence having an ability to pay for migrating to the us . 
  and vice versa for mexicans . 
  there 's probably very few mexicans who come to europe on a whim . 
  is that sms free ? 
  i still preffer direct withdrawal . 
  ~ ~ lots ~ ~ ( maybe not really a right word ) _____ of people go commando though . 
  do you wear socks in the summer ? 
  because you ca n't really track how much you spend ( that i 'm aware of ) and then you get a surprise phone bill . 
  it 's easy to overspend . 
  nothing that does n't draw your money off your acocunt instantly is good imo . 
  if it was good , people would use it . 
  no one really does . 
  of course . 
  lots of folk songs . 
  [ ne orji , ne sejaj ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uozd1dss6lm ) is my favourite . 
  [ one of the songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heksk17emne&amp;t= ) at ema for eurovision was in a dialect . 
  [ iztok mlakar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=surwjgu5fos ) is a well known artist , singing in one of the dialects from primorska dialect group . 
  moneta us stupid imo . 
  i just use it for ljubljana buses coz i 'm too lazy to top up a bus card . 
  then i get my phone bill and wonder why it 's higher than usual . 
  we 've had moneta since i can remember . 
  you can use it to pay for buses in ljubljana if you do n't have a card . 
  i use it whenever i go to lj . 
  i have seen an old woman using it to pay for groceries few weeks ago . 
  that surprised me because i have never seen anyone else using it to pay for anything else but buses . 
  students use their mobile phones for stutent meal subsidies but i guess that 's not really paying , it 's just a form of id . 
  no , mine do n't . 
  i do n't know anyone who does . 
  but then again , i do n't really ask . 
  they just never showed any resentment . 
  i have travelled to n\u00fcrnberg with my grandparents and they enjoyed it . 
  thankfully none of my grandparents or their siblings were one of those kids who got stolen by germans . 
  or else none of my family would exsist . 
  and i would n't be writing this . 
  my grandma lived and still lives close to the school where they gathered 650 stolen childrent before taking them to germany to get further germanized . 
  a derogative nickname for germans is stil \u0160vabi ( schwaben ) though . 
  it may seem like a nonsense but it 's nowhere near illegal and something to make such a fuss about . 
  no , it 's not irrelelevant to what he said . 
  regardless if you 're an eu citizen or not , you can be id checked anywhere , anytime if they want to check you . 
  after this change they have to check you .
