  and trojanski krofi are the best krofi in the world . 
  i do n't even know how you 'd do it from bottom up . 
  we always peel from the stem . 
  wall to wall carpets are not common at all here but heck no , you ca n't wear shoes inside . 
  especially not in wet weather . 
  in american movies ( idk how well of a representation this is of real life ) people even wear shoes on beds and couches . 
  wtf . 
  all of them . 
  unless if i 'd mix up poland and monaco . 
  again , i never said finnish sistem is anything less but excelent . 
  i said * not every system works in every country * . 
  that 's not a research , it 's a subjective opinion . 
   finland 's top-level ranking is based on its performance in the pisa that alone is a reason to disregard this whole thing . 
  it measures how well students perform on a test , it does n't asses the school system . 
  it is well known students do n't take this tests particulary serious . 
  there is no reason for a country that 's not similar in demographics and social norms ( among other things * ) to emulate a system of xx coutry . 
  when did i say i 'm against finnish system ? 
  or that it would be incompatible with xx country ? 
  i said that system working in one country may not work as well in another one . 
  it 's not on to me to say where exactly it would work or where it would n't work . 
  nothing has been proven . 
  there is no way to prove one system is superior to another system . 
  finnish system is considered one of the best because it works so well for them . 
  and i think european countries should implement what works best for them not what works best for another country . 
  dear jesus , you 're making this a thing . 
  even a similar system to a finnish one would not produce same results in every country . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  we could also take singaporen school system . 
  they always perform best in global tests . 
  if it was so easy and worth it to do so all the countries would have done it by now . 
   no one thinks this could happen overnight , even if it took 30 years , that is what i 'm saying . 
  it took finland 40 years to be where they are with their system . 
  you ca n't just take a system and start using it next year . 
  another country changing their system over 40 years would not produce the same system finland currently has , because , again , every country has it 's own specifics . 
   every step would be worth it . 
  why exactly ? 
  once again , finnish system working in finland does n't mean it would work in ireland or anywhere else better than their current system does . 
  there is no need to think one system is superior over others globaly . 
  the reason why it works in finland is not just school system per se but how finnish society works . 
  how people treat school , education and teachers . 
  and other things as well . 
  if , for example , chile had the same system , it could be a total catastrophy and no one would consider it ` the best school system in the world ' . 
   also it does n't have to be exactly the same as finland , take the over all ethos , methods and attitudes that would make it a different system . 
  ethos , methods and attitudes finland uses are not exclusevly finnish . 
  other countries use them as well to different degrees and in different ways . 
  a system is a collection of elements . 
   adjust them for slovenia no reason for that since our system works ok for us . 
  we just need to adjust things in our system not implement a whole different one . 
  i never had problems with dhl but dpd here is shit . 
  they brough me a package when i was n't home , left me a note to call them or use their online app to arrange another delivery . 
  i was planning to do it the next day . 
  nope , next day they come and deliver me the package again , without me asking them . 
  of course i was n't home since they always come in the morning when people are at work . 
  they only deliver the same package twice , then you have to pick it up in their warehouse . 
  in my case that would be 75km away . 
  the guy then left the package with my neighbour . 
  which , hello ??? 
  what if that neigbour was an asshole and did n't give me the package ? 
  thankfully i have great neighbours and they gave me my package . 
  but how the eff can he live it with someone without me telling him it 's ok to do so ? 
  of course things can be adopted if people working on these things know it 's gon na work for their country even if they have to do some minor adjusting . 
  obviously all countries do n't work the same , have diffent needs , different systems . 
  not everything that works in one country is guaranteed to work just as well in another country . 
  that 's just pure logic . 
  i * know * finnish education system is considered one of the best in the world . 
  that does n't mean it would be one of the best in the world if implemented in some other countries . 
  there 's a reason why countries do n't do it , do n't you think ? 
  it 's not just effort . 
  it 's money , tons of money to change the whole system . 
  just downsizing on classrooms means you 'd need more schools , more teachers , more everything . 
  changing a whole school system takes decades and there 's no promise it will work once it 's fully implemented as society keeps changing . 
  i do n't know enough about finnish school system and needs of other countries . 
  adopting another country 's school system just like that is a bad idea . 
  that 's why it does n't happen . 
  you 'd need to make tons of adjustments and it would be extremely expensive . 
  even making small changes to school systems is expensive . 
  what ? 
  not every education system works for every country though . 
  ca n't they have both ? 
  i have friends whos parents are n't maried and siblings do n't have same last names . 
  one kid has mom 's last name and the other one dad 's last name . 
  my dad stil watches and reads winnetou . 
  holy ... hahaha i knew they shot it here but it was so long ago i just did n't list it . 
  one of pierce brosnan movies was shot around bohinj as well . 
  they 're not really slovene , they 're mostly made up or have other origins . 
  funnily enough , trend in dog names are human names . 
  we have the same thing with jo\u017ee / jo\u017eefa . 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about slovene names , not romanian names . 
  battle of beruna in chronicles of narnia - prince caspian was shot on so\u010da river . 
  [ this part ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjgqmrnhc8i ) and that river battle before it . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emj2f4hzr9y ) [ heidi 2005 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gnerwvbppu ) was shot here . 
  z\u00fcrich is actually ljubljana . 
  mountain scenes were shot in our alps , some other scenes in \u0160kofja loka and so on . 
  quite a few bollywood movies . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uchhophjq98 ) , some chinese and korean stuff . 
  there was more in the past but nothing really major in recent years . 
  there have been some commercials though . 
  like the recent [ milka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9kwhozfcwo ) commercial and some car commercials . 
  as far as tourism goes , i think there is an increase of asian tourists , especially indians , due to them filming here a lot .
