  said by our first president , milan ku\u010dan , at declaration of independence . 
  nope , but some of my family are . 
  i also live in the countryside so i 'm surrounded by farmland and vineyards and there 's cows everywhere . 
  we rent out our land to a few local farmers . 
  now that springtime is comming i have to get used to smelling cow shit again . 
  most farms in my area are family farms and have been for generations . 
  usually one of the kids inherits the farm and is ecouraged to follow their buisness . 
  there 's 2 semi big farms in my vicinity that employ outside workers . 
  one is a vineyard ( if that counts as a farm ) and one deals with cows , i think . 
  these 2 farms have very impressive equipment from what i have seen and know . 
  i 'm not familiar with what kind of equipment the vineyards has , but the other one has the big new holland tractor . 
  the thingy to make hay balls looks very impressive as well . 
  over here a lot of farmers rent other farmers or their equipment often so that they do n't have to have their own . 
  the most common tractor brand in my closest village and other villages and hamlets around it seems to be new holland . 
  i have seen a few big john deeres as well . 
  there 's also a lot of older tractors used by small family farmers . 
  steyr seems to be the most common brand of old tractors . 
  hmm interesting . 
  i wonder if it has the same origin as ours . 
  ours comes from ` plahta ' - bed sheet and/or from an old derogative word for a woman which i 'm not familiar with . 
  what does plachutta mean ? 
  plahuta is a last name here . 
  i have heard from some people ( among other funny comparisons in impressions of slovene ) that slovene sounds like a mixture between russian and portugese . 
  demand for burqas is so high , they ca n't keep up so swedish women have resorted to wearing bed sheets instead . 
  bed during the day , floor during the night . 
  i googled it and found this :  slovenian has inherited a distinctly germanic sound , with maybe a bit of russian sprinkled in . 
  / ... / to me , the language sounds a bit like a wet cloth being dragged over gravel , with a lot of `` ch '' and `` huh '' sounds . 
  ugh , i hate grana padano for carbonara . 
  it has to be parmesan . 
  people working in our supermarkets have no clue about cheese . 
  everytime i ask if they have parmesan cheese they point me to grana padano or even serbian ribanac which is just a mixture of inferior grated hard cheeses . 
  `` it 's grated hard cheese , same shit '' is what they think . 
  oh really ? 
  i already think president brie is way superior to other pre packaged brands . 
  brie of course . 
  our hobby is complaining . 
  our hobby is complaining . 
  the closest neighbours are around half a kilometer away , so no . 
  when i lived in one of those tall socialist buildings , i could sometimes hear our top neighbour walking in heels , if she dropped something , dragging the furniture , loud music ... but it was n't bad . 
  never heard anything from our neighbours on the same floor even though we shared walls . 
  mr hudson 's supernova with kanye is one of my faves . 
  kanye is not a singer . 
  i had a guinea pig as a kid and i drove him around in a doll stroller . 
  unlikely to happen , but of course i 'd wait . 
  my dog does n't fetch , he loves to play ` catch me if you can ' . 
  i throw him a toy and then chase him . 
  he likes searching for a toy and if we 're outside , me . 
  other than that he 's not very playful , he like to go on walkies to the woods or anywhere really . 
  and he just likes to sniff around and dig holes . 
  in the evenings , he likes to dart outside screaming his ass off , scaring away all the deer and hare . 
  which does n't seem very effective since our garden is always destroyed next morning . 
  sometimes i 'll buy him one of those plastic balls . 
  as long as the ball is moving , he 'll chase it and play football but as soon as it stops he looses interest and starts sniffing around . 
  tl ; dr : * catch me if you can * hide and seek, 
  no , we were discouraged to leave trash on the ground . 
  we would play in the sandbox and pour water over it to make quick sand and then splash it . 
  we also mixed stuff like sand , grass , etc. 
  with water to make potions and experiments . 
  sometimes we 'd squish rubber/eraser in tic tac container , poor water over it and expect something to happen . 
  edit : than  then, 
  i commented here before , but i deleted the answer coz i was n't sure . 
  maribor dorms seem to be owned by university of maribor . 
  ljubljana dorms are either owned by the state or by student organisation and university of ljubljana . 
  student dorms on the coast are owned by university of primorska . 
  if russian anthem goes , i go !, 
  i do n't see a problem with it . 
  meals , bus and train tickets , discount for library , museums , park entrances , movie theatres , ... 
  most things have discounts . 
  usually kids up to idk what age have free entrance and then the rest of the kids , high school and uni student , retirees and usually unemployed have discounts . 
  some good , some bad , most are inbetween . 
  there are people who have been here for decades and still do n't speak the language and there are people who have been here for few years and speak it well enough . 
  wow i did n't know there 's anything going on in zasavje . 
  can you even run with poor lungs ? 
  from what i have heard fu\u017eine are n't that bad anymore . 
  they were an immigrant neigbourhood back in the day . 
  nowadays , it 's mostly young families moving in as the prices are lower and everything they need is near . 
  they also have a new retirement home and their elementary school is considered really good . 
  my friend and i actually went on kind of a trip there once . 
  it was super quiet and nice . 
  \u0160i\u0161ka is the only one i have heard things about . 
  i had road and traffic regulations class in \u0160i\u0161ka and most of the class were \u0160i\u0161ka kids and did n't speak slovene . 
  when i walked back home i felt like everyone around me was foreign . 
  what are poor neighbourhoods of ljubljana ? 
  and [ this ] ( http://www.antonijevrov.si/ ) . 
  that and velenje mine . 
  and we have [ peca ] ( http://www.podzemljepece.com/ ) - not city . 
  [ yes we do ? ], 
  someone had great fun comming up with that language . 
  i 'm no expert either , that 's how we were taught in highschool . 
  maybe it 's not linguisticly correct ( i think it 's called a syllabic consonant ) , but to a laic , maybe the best way to explain it is by using a schwa . 
  i think . 
  who knows . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.myczechrepublic.com/boards/viewtopic.php?t=2561 ) is what i found in regards to schwa in czech ( and probably other slavic languages ) . 
  something like that . 
  i do n't think your r 's are any different than ours ? 
  and surely the whole population does n't have a speach impediment . 
  in our case it 's definitely not a mistake , it 's how it 's pronounced . 
  i 'd really like to hear the way you prounounce your words . 
  maybe upload it somewhere ? 
  edit : if [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:prst_a_krk.ogg ) is the way you say it , there 's definitely a schwa or something similar inbetween .
