   if an australian speaks english with a different intonation , it is correct . 
  what again ? 
  australian speaks english with an accent . 
  all of them . 
  hugary the least though . 
  if i chose croatia or austria , slovenes in the west would feel excluded and vice versa . 
  we 're just very mixed culturally . 
  an adult man in a 5 star hotel told my cousin , who was 14 at that time , to stay with him behind the counter at night infront of my parents . 
  while walking around souks they kept inviting my mom and cousin in back alleys . 
  it was a weird place . 
  at one point they just started dressing them in their traditional clothes . 
  i 'm already annoyed when shopping for clothes and they ask you if you need help . 
  no , leave me alone , if i need help i 'll ask !, 
  i just think they 're so superficial . 
  if you watch jimmy kimmel 's interviews on the street in hollywood where everyone babbles even if they do n't know anything about the topic ... that 's how i see americans . 
  not all of course , if i need to mention that . 
  and yes , i 'm aware that most are paid to be on that interview . 
  but it portrays one part of the immage i have about americans really well . 
  i was shocked by homelessness in japan . 
  i have never seen people sleeping on the sidewalks or in cardboard boxes in the middle of a street . 
  homeless people living on benches in parks . 
  not just any park but a park in shinjuku . 
  wealth all around and then people sleeping on benches . 
  and i certainly did n't expect to see it in japan . 
  osaka was the worst . 
  yea , zasavje can be quite depressing though views up on the hills above the valley are amazings . 
  we went with school and were done in half an hour . 
  it was so ` meh ' i could n't believe it 's so well known and popular . 
  and expensive . 
  but that was 15 years ago , i hope it has gotten more interesting by now . 
  according to a short google search [ posavje ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lower_sava_valley ) region is the cheapest . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.nepremicnine.net/oglasi-prodaja/posavska/hisa/ ) a list of houses for sale . 
  a lot of super old abandoned houses and some so small they 're only apropriate as a weekend house . 
  it 's a weird area , quite secluded . 
  to get there from my area you have to drive through a narrow sava valley which is quite depressing as not much sun reaches it . 
  i have only driven there in winter , maybe it 's better in summer . 
  australian . 
  beside , this is not the right place to ask questions like this . 
  it depends on a teacher . 
  there 's no rule . 
  in elementary school we mostly called female teachers `` tr ' \u0161ica '' which is a coloquial form of `` tovari\u0161ica '' which means `` comrade '' lol . 
  or `` u\u010diteljica / u\u010ditl ` ca '' which means `` teacher '' . 
  for male teachers we used `` tovari\u0161 '' which means `` comrade '' . 
  in high school we used everything from just prefessor , professor + first or last name , miss/mr professor to just first name . 
  at uni i did n't reffer to them personally at all , when talking about them among friends , we used last names or both first and last names . 
  some told us to call them colleague + last name . 
  just leave it . 
  big mistake . 
  run . 
   schweinsbraten [ this thingies on top ] ( http://static.chefkoch-cdn.de/ck.de/rezepte/164/164884/613534-960x720-lavendulas-oberbayrischer-schweinsbraten.jpg ) are the yummiest . 
  no , never where i live . 
  in high school , sometimes a few kids that lived in villages that have gotten lots of snow during night time and did n't live close to the train station did n't come to school on that day or were late , but city kids and those living close to the train station could easily come so there 's no point in having a snow day for the whole school . 
  you 're just blabbing pointless things now . 
  one language can have different accents . 
  the end . 
  it 's essentially the same thing , it offers same treatement . 
  oh my god . 
  no , different accents . 
  accent has nothing to do with incorrect grammar . 
  oh dear god . 
  kclj has a burn unit . 
  it 's together with department for plastic surgery . 
  and i did n't reply to him with my op , but to someone else , if you ca n't see . 
  i do n't know what point your 're trying to make since i did n't say anything against his questuion . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to apply , i just thought it 's worth a mention since things here usually do n't . 
  they 're in all the supermarkets here as well . 
  i find them rather disgusting tbh . 
  hershey 's chocolate is even worse . 
  they also contain gmo 's . 
  interesting . 
  when my cousin got married , the groom and his side of the family came knocking on the door while we , the brides side of the family sayed in the house waiting . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how it went , but i know someone brought out a chicken to him when he knocked . 
  then he said that 's not his future wife , knocked again and i guess that 's when she opened the door . 
  something like that . 
  while people in peek through the window and the he just drives off hahaha . 
  wow , you surely are special are n't you ? 
  whatever the name is , is the same saint !, 
  same tradition , with variations in customs and backstories which develop over decades as part of oral lore . 
  as is with other things . 
  santa claus ' are n't the same everywhere either , yet it 's essentially the same man . 
  i do n't know what exactly you do n't understand . 
  it 's the same man . 
  or should have i gone around country earlier today and tell all the miklav\u017e 's to undress because some random reddit user said it 's not a tradition outside of the netherlands and belgium ? 
  nope . 
  stay away . 
  i had a workmate like that once . 
  everyone tried to stand away from him . 
  as soon as you came close he 'd put his arm aroud you . 
  what krampus ?? 
  i 'm talking about st. nikolaj . 
  krampus is st. nikolaj 's helper , like zwarte piet is in the netherlands . 
  it 's the same tradition . 
  no , it 's the same thing . 
  the difference is yours has zwarte piet and ours has krampus/parkeln and angels . 
  which does n't really affect the point . 
  why ? 
  other countries have oncology sections and st. nikolaj as well . 
  why can this only happen in the netherlands ? 
  every time i drive by those creepy dolls or even just signs , i want to run them over . 
  i hope it does n't spread anywhere .
