  i did n't . 
  i 'm not even interested in polandball . 
  the only thing i googled about poland is auschwitz , krakow hotels and masurian lake district . 
  same with other results . 
  denmark sucks ? 
  really ? 
  belgium the hindu ? 
  what even is that ? 
  portugal eurosonic ... no idea what that is . 
  i got a lot of ww1 results and that 's one part of history i find least interesting and would never google . 
  none of the results reflect what i search in google : /, 
  thank you india !, 
  slovenia can out of balkans !, 
  hmm : / but then other peoples results are tailored as well ? 
  i certainly never google anything similar to these results . 
  yea , i do n't think many people google in slovene . 
  i know i do n't . 
  eurovision last year !, 
  hahaha, 
  what do you get ? 
  what about other countries ? 
  i searched by `` why [ counry name ] . 
  might have been my fault ^ ienteredmacedonia ^ insteadoffyrom, 
  no , it 's a slovene version of google . 
  i tried doing a slovene search but it gave me very few results and a lot of them were n't even in slovene . 
  apparently [ why england lose ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/why-england-lose-phenomena-explained/dp/0007301111 ) is a book . 
  other top searches : * albania - is poor , loves america , hates serbia , is not in eu * andorra - a tax haven , a principality , live in andorra * austria - is not part of germany , hungary declared war serbia , is not in nato , declares war on serbia * belarus - is not a democracy , is about to get interesting , is at the crossroads of europe , sanctions * belgium - speak french , called cockpit of europe , is awesome , the hindu * bih - is muslim , bosnian war , war * bulgaria - is awesome , joined ww1 , entered ww1 , and romania join eu * croatia - is not in fifa 16 , is bad , is better than serbia , is the best * czech republic - and slovakia split , does not have euro , why did czech republic and slovakia split , why visit czech republic * denmark - is bad , is the best country , is failing , is the happiest country * england - slept , drives on the left , will win euro 2008 , can win the world cup * estonia - is the best country in the world , is a country for the future , is famous , is a start-up nation * finland - hates sweden , is awesome , education is best , has the best education system in the world * france - will win euro 2016 , is famous , is so popular , is the best , rooster * fyrom - is called macedoia , is macedonia , is hated , fyrom is not makedonia * germany - wants refugees , invaded russia , lost ww1 , lost ww2 * greece - failed , is in debt , should leave euro , should leave eurozone * hungary - for study , refuses refugees , is awesome , is called hungary * iceland - called iceland , has no crime , is awesome , is not in eu * ireland - is divided , is the best , is awesome , for study * italy - joined ww2 , joined ww1 , invaded ethiopia , is famous * latvia - is the best country in the world , is the best , is the best country , wants to join the eurozone * lithuania - is the best country in the world , is the most suicidal , is so poor , is famous * luxembourg - is the best country , speaks french , has the highest gdp , for investment funds * moldova - is so poor , urgently matters , matters , is the poorest country in europe * montenegro/montenegrins - lazy , so tall * netherlands - orange , so tall , are tall , legalized cannabis * n. ireland - is part of the uk , should be part of the uk , is british , conflict * norway - is the best , is awesome , is so rich , is so expensive * poland - needs american support , is poor , hates russia , is so weak * portugal - is awesome , eurosonic , is the best , is bad * romania - is bad , has the fastest internet , is called romania , is awesome * russia - never went to the moon , withdrew syria , help syria , supports syria * scotland - yard , is the best , is called land of cakes , is bad * serbia - is bad , hates albania , should join the eu , joined ww1 * slovakia - does not recognize kosovo , is called a little big country , split from czech republic , is not in eurovision * spain - is not in g8 , lost , is bad , did not enter ww2 * sweden - change driving side of the road , is awesome , is best country , is bad * switzerland - not in eu , neutral , is so rich , is not part of eu * turkey - supports isis , attacks kurds , hates kurds , should not join the eu * ukraine - needs russia , is not in eu , matters , should not join eu * wales - beach , is great , has a dragon on its flag , is a country, 
  that 's weird : / i get nothing about ww1 with france, 
  that 's slovene search . 
  i did english search because slovene search did n't give much results and a lot of them were in serbian/croatian/bosnian . 
  i got `` moja majka '' for bosnia for example hahaha . 
  yea sorry , forgot to put it in . 
  english search gives me `` will win euro 2016 '' . 
  wow , slovenia has made a good name in canada lol, 
  ready for olympics ? 
  must be completely out of immagination if he ca n't see chicken in slovenia . 
  a lot of countries did n't get auto completed , most of those who did got completed in serbian/croatian/bosnian . 
  i got `` majka moja '' for bosnia . 
  lol . 
  i think most people just google in english because you get more and better results . 
  edit : i forgot to add russia : `` supports assad '' i did english search because most searches in slovenian did n't even get auto completed in slovenian but rather in croatian/serbian/bosnian . 
  wonder why ... 
  i guess the hoards of turkish tourists are here by mistake : / better than nothing !, 
  excuse me , but i worked in a center in slovenia . 
  just by the border with croatia . 
  this center was the first contact with slovenia they had . 
  they were certainly not mistreated here in any way . 
  you can take your snobbish atittude somewhere else . 
   spartans lol, 
  slovenia - total prison population 1511 ( in 2015 ) , female population 5.6 % . 
  juvenile population 0.4 % . 
  you do know that projects are open right ? 
  any company from any country can apply and it 's not your government that decides who gets it . 
  also , if they do n't meet an expected quality , expected deadlines etc. 
  the country has to give the money back . 
  i ca n't read words that are not written ? 
  i ca n't read your mind ... 
   i mean , let 's say a company gets eu money to build a new factory - well than other companies which did n't get the money will have to close down , because they wo n't be able to compete with the first company . 
  that 's what competition is about . 
  you want eu money ? 
  work for it . 
  you ca n't compete with other companies ? 
  then you 're not good enough and there 's no point in exsisting . 
  that 's what brings the quality up . 
  getting rid of those who are incompetent . 
   only to show you that we can be ladies too . . not only beggars like your only sources tell you . 
  the fuck am i supposed to know what you 're reffering to ? 
  who can be ladies ? 
  i never mentioned any beggars . 
  you make no sesnse . 
  who said you 're polish ? 
  1st , i 'm not british . 
  2nd , you 're taking this way too seriously . 
  3rd , i 'm not a data scientist nor am i interested about how many polish people live around the world so i really do n't know why you think i should know data about polish migrants across the world . 
  4th , i did n't downvote a single comment of yours and i really do n't care if you upvote or downvote my comment . 
  5th , geeze , you 're annoying . 
  6th , who ever said anything about polish being beggars ? 
  7th , the point of my comment was that the comment you replied to , was n't a stereotype as you claimed . 
  and nothing else . 
  get over yourself . 
  edit : line breaks, 
  i do n't know the exact number , but it 's a lot . 
  i just said it 's not really a sterotype , but more of a fact . 
  no one said the world spins around britain , but british data is all i know as i do n't lurk around other countries news portals . 
  it is quite obviously a data of eu countries . 
  if you ca n't tell from the colours , you can tell from the title of the map . 
  op 's title is wrong though . 
  it 's not a stereotype when more than half a million poles moved to britain alone . 
  population in slovenia is growing so how can they predit it will start decreasing ? 
  and for slovenes to feel unimportant :'( . 
  though stil better than being insulted . 
  swiss national team is known as 2nd albanian national team in slovenia . 
  though no one gives a shit about it since ours is largely made out of players with foreign roots as well . 
  oceanic/humid subtropical/continental . 
  it 's a mess . 
  it 's broken . 
  i do n't know why , it worked yesterday . 
  only the french ? 
  do french have a different kind of a body clock than the rest of the world ? 
  what ?
