  did i say germany is a friend ? 
  serbia certainly is n't . 
  neh , liubliana does n't sound right . 
  lyublyana is how we say it but no one minds foreigners mispronouncing it . 
  i have even heard people call it lyubjub and other blabberings , but that 's ok . lublana is fine , it 's how people from ljubljana and some other close by dialects call it . 
  a belgian couple fell in love with ljubljana a few years ago and named their daughter ljubljana . 
  i really want to know how belgians pronounce her name . 
  others doing a phd out of it , lol . 
  just replace ` j' with ` y ' . 
  lyu-blya-na . 
  simple . 
  italian is an official language in the western part of the country so some schools have it as mother tongue and some as 1st or 2nd foreign language . 
  everyone i know from that area speaks fluent italian and watched italian dubbed anime as a child . 
  what did serbia do for us ? 
  i think it 's self explanatory . 
  personaly , nothing much . 
  i hate that rounabout in graz . 
  munich is not the capital anyway . 
  yes i did go to pakleni otoci when i was there . 
  i prefer proizd by vela luka on kor\u010dula though . 
  now that 's a paradise . 
  oh you mean beer . 
  that makes sense . 
  i thought soda is a non-alcohol carbonated drink . 
  dubrovnik is crowded , way too crowded , but beautiful . 
  as in town of hvar . 
  do n't know much about the rest of the island . 
  the view from the fortress is nice , yes . 
  but the rest of the town is just meh . 
  it 's tiny and there 's no proper beach apart from the one in front of amfora hotel . 
  which is crowded . 
  no , just no . 
  what ? 
  anyway , since when is serbia our `` frient '' ? 
  yeah , it 's no one . 
  no it 's not . 
  you get a glass of tap water with coffee in most places here . 
  sometimes they bring it automatically , sometimes you just ask . 
  more than half a litre ? 
  what ? 
  we get 2dcl . 
  or a glass botle of coke , sprite ... whatever you order . 
  meanwhile we had [ this ] ( http://irena.blog.siol.net/files/2009/09/boobies.jpg ) up for a while . 
  because they generalise europe as one country . 
  there 's 50 countries here and not two are the same . 
  it 's idiotic to reffer to one country as the whole europe . 
   vastly lower than all eastern countries akhm , ours is lower than yours . 
  so is estonian and slovakian . 
  what i noticed with a lot of italian drivers is that they drive in the middle of the highway , i mean half of the car is on the right lane and half of it is on the left . 
  i have n't seen this with anyone else . 
  with an exception of romanians , coz they do all kinds of shit on the road . 
  you also in general do n't use turn signals when changing lanes but otherwise you 're really good . 
  i have no complaints . 
  did he lay on that `` big guy '' to protect him or what ? 
  hahahaha i wish they could stuff something in their ugly mouth . 
  boohoo you 're a police officer in the uk , you think you 're any better than the rest ? 
  i wonder what happened to them next . 
  i 'm so glad we do n't have this shit here . 
  drownings of foreigners in ljubljanica would sky rocket . 
  we 're aware that not every single brit is a di * k and that it 's a very loud minority giving you bad press . 
  that was not my point . 
  we all know every nation , every religion and every race has good and bad people . 
  my point is their cultures are completely different . 
  bosnians are mostly secular , middle easterns are n't . 
  though there were problems with bosnian refugees here , probably because of a high relative number to our population and having a lot of migrants from serbia as well , their culture is stil a lot closer than the middle eastern culture . 
  therefore much easier to integrate . 
   austria will continue dominating all skiing competitions . 
  ( in your face , switzerland/scandinavia/slovenia ) congrats on your first summer olympics medal since 2008 . 
  are you really comparing bosnian muslims to muslims from middle east ? 
  just wait until brits get there . 
  those were the best !, 
  in 2008 , a group of 38 belgian kids went hiking , some of them in shorts , with nothing else to wear . 
  in april . 
  april !, 
  they had to be rescued in the middle of the night with helicopters . 
  people really underestimate mountains . 
  old slovenian movies , specifically [ poletje v \u0160koljki ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh7y6brl3la ) and [ sre\u010da na vrvici ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=patksb2w-60 ) , marbles , early [ mobile phones ] ( http://mmc.bolha.com/0/image/195504/197043/mobi-cuk--original--rumen--sagem_56699c7f51c2c.jpg ) that we got as a present for doing good in school , chinese rope jump , mickey mouse comic books , furby , tamagotchi , game boy , sonic , kittens at my grandmas , searching for chicken eggs at my grandmas , rollerblades , scooters ... 
  sardinia has the best beaches in europe , imo . 
  over here it 's bosnians . 
  mujo , haso and fata . 
  every hill in europe is a death trap for sandal wearing czechs . 
  there could be 3 swimming at the same time if you did n't keep pushing the border towards our land . 
  di sole e d'azzurro is my fave . 
  why do we know adam and eve were croatian ? 
  they were naked and barefoot but thought they were in paradise . 
  who would you save if there were a white man and a black man drowning in bay of piran ? 
  a black man because the white man could be croatian . 
  what 's the luckiest country in the world ? 
  italy , because they have a lot of beautiful sea but do n't border croatia . 
  we keep wine in our cellars , austrians keep their women in cellars . 
  also jokes about czechs , bosnians , montenegrins , hungarian language etc. 
  i hope we send no one but if we do , it should be her . 
   spain  enrique iglesias  ) ), 
  every time i find some italian artists , they 're really good . 
  i wish italian music was better known here . 
  ours is shit . 
  i ** hope ** everyone knows stromae . 
  he 's briliant . 
  of course , does n't everyone like him ? 
  and eros ramazzotti haha .
