  we have been raising awarness of bees for years and this year , after our proposal , may 20th became international day of bees . 
  pahor would , he 's a curent president though . 
  lol probably because of my username : / i wish i could change it . 
  you are right . 
  was n't north korea that started yapping first this last time or any time actually , saying they 'll bomb guam ? 
  kim is like a little child , trying to start a fight with a new big kid to get some attention . 
  what the heck is that ? 
  me too !, 
  and indian/pakistani/punjabi . 
  i 'm sure i 'd love african as well . 
  ethiopian looks really good . 
  but this is r/askeurope not r/asksouthamerican . 
  no idea , i 'm not a woman so it 's hard to judge . 
  but i do notice construction workers giving stares when i walk past with female friends . 
  usually they do n't say anything but it 's quite aparent when they completely change a position to look at a woman . 
  thomy or hellmann 's mayo ( very rare ) and natureta mustard . 
  have n't bought ketchup in years , do n't even know what brands exist . 
  i always wanted to take that highway over the atlantic . 
  i heard weather was pleasant and there 's tons to see . 
   \u0161osi\u0107a what 's that ? 
   peter piper picked a peck of pickled peppers . 
  a peck of pickled peppers peter piper picked . 
  if peter piper picked a peck of pickled peppers , where 's the peck of pickled peppers peter piper picked ? 
  which reminds me i still have n't watched the newest season of the fall yet . 
  it was funny , we still laugh about it . 
  not much . 
  people are usually appalled by men who do n't help their partners with kids and things around home . 
  it 's not unsual to see a woman driving a tractor or operating with other machinery and nothing uncommon for a woman to earn more than her male partner . 
  but one thing i noticed , in the countryside , if they have any workers helping them with something , it 's always a woman that cooks lunch . 
  someone once heard my and my friend talking . 
  `` is that spanish ? '', 
  `` french ? '', 
  `` german ? '', 
  `` italian ? '', 
  hungary : they 're so good , we do n't know they exist . 
  italy : i 'm glad we have such a beautiful country with so much to see so close . 
  austria : i appreciate they exists when i get bored of skiing on the same slopes in slovenia over and over again . 
  i 'll get back to you with that one . 
  it used to be an issue for women when walking by construction sites . 
  i remember it was talked about . 
  i do n't know about now . 
  really ? 
  again ? 
  do i need to put a spitting mask on you ? 
  lol, 
  post-soviet , not post-socialist . 
  i agree with bosnia . 
  fyromacedonia as well . 
  a harem of course . 
  i love them . 
   not allowing your dog on the sofa my dog agrees !, 
  really ? 
  someone downvoted that ? 
  how petty are some people ? 
  no idea what kind but i 've been to a few in japan that are connected to sent\u014ds . 
  interesting !, 
  thanks !, 
  i thought frnikola sounds a bit italian , but wiki says italian word for it is ` biglia ' , so i was n't sure . 
  what word does ` fant ' come from ? 
   also all of our words that start with `` f '' are borrowed huh ? 
  how do you know that ? 
  every pump i used has been ` lockable ' . 
  interesting . 
  i was asking because all my filipino e-pals were studying nursing and apparently most of people there do . 
  i think they 're the biggest exporter of nurses , but probably mostly to english speaking countries . 
   relax , excuse me ? 
  does it look like i 'm bothered ? 
  why are you bringing slovenia into this ? 
  i did n't down vote you . 
  i heard quite a few stories about racism in australia , especially directed towards asians . 
  is it a sin to ask ? 
  do n't be so touchy . 
  really ? 
  i have heard australia is quite a bit racist ? 
   autistic fucking argument can you not ? 
  i can distinguish albanians/kosovars . 
  they have a very distinct look . 
  a lot of bosnians , serbs , macedonians ( do n't know if i can tell them apart since i have never tried to look for differences in them ) . 
  not everyone of course . 
   how can this woman be anything other than british ? 
  yes !, 
   the rooney face or what i call the ` british inbred face ' and yes !, 
  some brits look very brittish indeed . 
  i wonder how people would do if we posted photos of people and they had to guess their country . 
  that would be interesting . 
  and you think all slavs look like that or what ? 
  of course !, 
  that little ` pfft ' made me laugh out loud !, 
  i do n't know anyone from a hungarian minority . 
  take a trip to a hospital . 
  every 4th nurse is probably filipino . 
  you can apologize with some turkish delight !, 
  thanks !, 
  i would too !, 
  did you just spit at me ? 
   australia yea ... no . 
   that 's possible . 
  but what about northern italian , slovenian and austrian ? 
  lol i was about to write the same thing but with czech instead of slovenian . 
  we need that .
