  and my mom puts liver pate in rissoles . 
   k\u00e4seleberk\u00e4se oh dear god , if that 's what we call ` mesni sir ' ( meat cheese ) here , than it 's disgusting . 
  it 's so very processed and salty . 
  i immagine it like being that pink slime thing when they grind all that stuff to make it . 
  we sometimes got it in kidergarten for lunch with potatoes . 
  semmel is called ` kajzerca ' ( kaiser roll ) here . 
  it 's the most common kind or bread roll together with [ \u017eemlja ] ( https://www.google.si/search?q=bun&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=638&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjwvprimk7pahxjjmakhe20cd8q_auibigb#tbm=isch&amp;q=%c5%beemlja ) . 
  yes , pardon , istrskobene\u0161ko dialect is a form of venetian , native to piran , koper and izola . 
  other dialects spoken in the area are \u0161avrinsko and ri\u017eansko , both are phonetically very diverse . 
  i just read that people in a few villages around rovinj also speak istro-romanian . 
  so interesting and awesome that people still speak these languages . 
  i 've no idea about these things either . 
   imagine if a geordie moved to north yorkshire and spoke with a similar pace and tone to a scouser ? 
  oh yeah , perfect , now i know !, 
   you from a new accent every 20 minutes drive in the uk . 
  it 's crazy . 
  over here it can be as little as 3km or a neighbouring village . 
  yea , that i believe 100 % . 
  often time when people from that area are interviewed on tv , i just think they speak croatian . 
  same with area around rogatec/hum na sutli . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbudvwh6vzy ) is a istrskobene\u0161ko nare\u010dje , which is spoken in the hills around piran , perhaps people in croatian villages by the border speak something similar as well . 
  it just sounds italian to me . 
   i do n't actually think of another language that has two written standards for what is suppose to be the same language . 
  one of our dialects has it 's own standard . 
  2 , if you count resian dialect . 
  i vacationed in novi grad and portoro\u017e every year when i was younger and never had a feeling they spoke a similar language . 
  what they spoke in novi grad just seemed very croatian to me . 
  but , i 'm not from the area , so i really do n't know . 
  i do n't think there 's any slovene from that area on here that could clarify this . 
  edit : beside , primoska dialect group has various subgroups that sound very different to eachother . 
  you 're probably talking about \u0160avrinsko dialect . 
  not my dialect but ... english : it 's difficult to turn on the light at night and kill a mosquito . 
   i believe northern \u010cakavian is identical to slovenian primorski what do you mean identical ? 
  same language ? 
  in that case , clearly no . 
  they really are beautiful . 
  what about when someone with 1/32 of native blood claims their native ? 
  lol, 
  do independent higher institutiouns count ? 
  we have a few and are considered as a last resort for those who are n't good enough to go to a normal university . 
  wow , you 're estonian henk . 
  seriously something wrong with you . 
  oh boy , you are thick . 
  it does n't make sense in any possible way . 
  lol at comparing california to scotland and uk ... 
   no , by overly using the term for anyone , who disagrees with you yea , got any proof for that ? 
  you 're just pulling things out of nowhere . 
  again , it 's an expression , used by people of all ethnicities , so obviously it 's you who has a problem . 
  who exactly is denying that you 're not baltic by ethnicity ? 
  it 's sad that you ca n't understand that people call estonia a baltic country because of it 's position . 
  yep . 
  that 's their problem then . 
  saying `` butthurt '' does n't mean someone 's reffering to or is obsessed with buttholes , it 's an expression , you brought up an actual body part . 
  what exactly was an insult ? 
  that you 're butthurt over people reffering to estonia as a baltic country ? 
  if you say so . 
   then does anyone use 1dcm instead of 100mm outside of school exercises ? 
  no , not here . 
  100mm would just be 10 cm . 
  no , because that does n't make sense . 
  1m is 10 dcm . 
  100m is just 100m or 1/10 of a km or 1000dcm . 
  and no , bigger unit before smaller unit . 
   for the baltics it does . 
  no it does n't . 
  ask anyone and they 'll tell you they think of it as a position on the map . 
   jesus christ , what 's up with slavs and their admiration of buttholes ? 
  never heard of that before , must only be your thing . 
  maybe it 's you who has an admiration , that 's why you notice it . 
  and good job on idiotic generalisation . 
  it 's just a simple geographial feature . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  balkan should n't be called balkan by that logic then either . 
  when people reffer to baltics they reffer to a geographical region . 
  and that is all . 
  stop being so butthurt over it . 
  because it 's the same thing , just a bigger unit . 
  they do n't in the balkan either , yet they 're all grouped together because it 's a geographical feature . 
  if portugese were indians , iberian peninsula would still be called iberian peninsula . 
  if latvians were chinese , baltic would still be called baltic . 
  italian food is the most widespread food here . 
  pasta is on the menu everywhere and we have tons of pizzerias . 
  we are also dead sure our pizzas in general are better than pizzas in italy ( except in napoli ) . 
  but italian culture is only present in the western part of the country . 
  is n't it just simple logic to use a bigger unit . 
  you use km before meters . 
  so it 's just normal to use dcl bofore ml . 
  this is such a weird question . 
  1dcl = 100 ml . 
  same as 1m is 100 cm and 1km is 1000m . 
  do you only use centimeters , no meters ? 
  it 's simple math . 
  dcl is just a bigger unit than ml . 
  we use all . 
  it 's more logical to use 2dcl instead of 200ml . 
  you always use a bigger unit . 
  you do n't say distance from a to b is 10000m but you say 10km . 
  no , it 's not even a bit similar . 
  naah . 
   i do not own livestock or farm equipment at all and , in fact , i actually work an it desk job in a city .
