  not a rite of passage though . 
  i 'll take that . 
  it 's just symbolic . 
  fat people , disabled people , people who do n't hike can be slovene as well :p, 
  would n't `` gdje ide\u0161 '' mean `` what path/road are you taking to get there '' ? 
  `` kje gre\u0161 '' means exactly that . 
  huh ? 
  even i , as a non-croatian speaker understand that . 
  gdje = kje kamo = kam never heard anyone mixing those up . 
  horror . 
  hardly anyone here speaks proper slovene because we have so many dialects and dialects just do everything ` wrong ' . 
  conjugations / [ declensions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tm34hexnfo8 ) , dual , grammatical aspect . 
  most people do n't know how to decline ` mati ' ( mother ) and ` otrok ' ( child ) . 
  edit : also ` h\u010di ' ( daughter ) , ` plju\u010da ' ( lungs ) , ` dan ' ( day ) ... 
  you can go to private healthcare proffesionals that have a concession for free with a referral from your doctor . 
  sometimes the waiting lines are shorter , sometimes the same . 
  it 's used very frequently . 
  same with dentists . 
  we do n't have rakia , we have schnapps . 
  we raise glasses and say `` na zdravje '' . 
  then we drink . 
  if it 's someone 's birthday we 'll sometimes sing `` kol ` ko kapljic , tol ` ko let , bog nam daj na svet \u017eivet ... ' ( as many as there are ( wine ) drops , god give us as many years to live ) while holding wine glasses . 
  if it 's not about crime then why are you asking about safety ? 
  what does economy have to do with your safety ? 
   they are killing your economies how exactly ? 
  what news ? 
   not even trying to learn a few useful words in the language before traveling . 
  says a french . 
  same here . 
  czechs . 
  when there 's a report someone died in the mountains or had to be rescued , everyone autimaticaly assumes it was a czech . 
  `` do n't be a czech , be well prepared when going hiking . '', 
  it should be an add . 
  romania . 
  then bulgaria , ukraine , lithuania , serbia and bih . 
  pipistrel light aircraft manufacturer . 
  best in the world . 
  that 's a good question . 
  a feature of a dialect is not considered a speech impediment . 
  it 's just a phonological feature . 
  i mean a plane ticket from syria to greece is not more than 500 $ , but a boat ride from turkey to greece can be a few thousands . 
  so who does n't have money ? 
  because airline companies wo n't let them on an airplane without a visa . 
  they 'd have to pay for the costs of returning that person back if they did . 
  also , people from countries like syria and iraq do n't really get visas just like that . 
  so there is no way they could get on an airplane . 
  speech impediments are not exclusive to a language . 
  if you have it with one language , you have it with all . 
  it 's just that not all languages use the same sounds . 
  example : someone not being able to do ' / r / ' sound , would qualify for a speech impediment in , for example slovenia , but not in english speaking countries . 
  lloret de mar was one of the options for a trip at the end of high school years ago . 
  that place is shady , to say it nicely . 
   zds ( za dom spremni ) = for homeland ready ( nazi salute , common on right-wing news sites ' comments ) and football matches we have the same accronyms except for ' \u0161bbkbb ' . 
  atv : \u0161tirikolesnik / fourwheeler pwc : vodni skuter / water scooter, 
   all slavic countries plus hungary and romania , as well as albania in some cases . 
  + estonia , lithuania and latvia . 
  we have one big dumpster for general mixed waste , smaller ones for paper , recycling ( plastic and tin ) and glass and two bins for organic waste . 
  throw stuff in and then they come and take it . 
  in ljubljana they have underground waste management . 
  do you really need more ? 
  make prekmur\u0161\u010dina a language !, 
  the most recent czech you lost here was [ 2 days ago ] ( https://www.rtvslo.si/crna-kronika/v-hribih-umrl-ceski-planinec/401928 ) . 
  edit : link, 
  it 's plain . 
  thanks for the tips !, 
  how do you eat quark ? 
  just like yogurt ? 
  i bought some in lidl and do n't know how to use it lol . 
  pick up your damn trash !!!, 
  if the wind blows it away , run after it , even if you fall down a cliff , i do n't care . 
  pick it up and put it in your backpack !, 
  do n't go hiking in sandals or flip-flops ( looking at you czechs ) , look at the weather forecast , have something warm to wear with you . 
  do n't go swimming in ljubljanica . 
  if i do n't count slovenia , of those i visited , bosnia and herzegovina . 
  by far . 
  i also have very good experience with italians , but i think most do n't agree with that . 
  bread with cold cuts , cheese , sometimes with tomato and bell peppers . 
  or bread with some sort of a spread like cream cheese , nutella or pate . 
  also bread with butter and marmelade or butter and honey . 
  sometimes eggs ( scrambled , sunny side up or soft boiled ) . 
  dialect ? 
  none of our dialects are considered a seperate language . 
  yea , we translate ` borovnice ' to ` bluberries ' but it seem they 're actually bilberries . 
  we call real blueberries ` american blueberries ' . 
  italians hunt for everything accross their borders . 
  bears , birds , i even heard they hunt proteus after heavy rain . 
  that 's an unconfirmed rummor and i hope it 's only a rummor . 
  and let 's not forget about people from other countries hunting for endangered cave bugs . 
  i love gooseberries , we call them ` kosmulja ' here . 
  i do n't know whether they grow in the wild here . 
  i remember eating them a lot when i was a child . 
  we had a few bushes . 
  jostaberries , not really , but ribes is very popular . 
   bilberries hmm interesting . 
  i have no idea what the difference is and which ones we have here . 
  we just translate it to blueberries but they might as well be bilberries . 
   gooseberry we have them in our garden but i do n't think they 're as popular as other berries . 
   ... because the last few years people seem to rush in the day they start falling from the trees and you 're left with none . 
  that 's why i love living on a hill with no close neighbours , surrounded by fields and forrests and only a few other houses in the vicinity :p, 
  haaaa ... this reminds me , chestnut season is comming !!!,
