  yes , old names are comming back . 
  everyone has one for baking . 
  it 's just one of those things you buy when you move to your own place . 
  never seen or heard of anyone using it to measure their intake . 
   kom op man , we hebben it 's like trolling with english with a bit of german . 
  dutch . 
  their otorhinolaryngologists must have tons of work . 
  blueberry schnapps or honey brandy i guess . 
  vocational schools have mandatory internships but it 's in their field of work . 
  they also get paid . 
  but no , nothing like what you described . 
  pretty much the same . 
  thank you . 
   confirm * they 're * opinion it does . 
  which is roasted goose , red sweet cabbage and mlinci . 
  i invited myself over to my parents . 
  what love ? 
  we 're gon na build a wall with material left over from trumps wall . 
  i have never heard her speak slovenian . 
  i say pick slovenia . 
  i 'm obviously a bit biased . 
  it has a better geographical position . 
  i do n't know what exactly you want to know , so ask away . 
  also , what programme are you studying ? 
  did you ask if they offer classes in english ? 
  to be fair , majority chose hillary ... 
  she 's only one . 
  whoever sees that as apropriate for making a stereotype out of it is pretty dumb . 
  also you know , taste in men/women is subjective and only caring for someone looks is shallow . 
  are all americans orange egoistic big mouthed weirdos ? 
  well but that 's not really a stereotype . 
  we are small . 
  not the smallest , but still small . 
  it 's 2016 ... 
  have you ever heard of that stereotype before ? 
  it 's a stereotype among ourselves not something people in china or peru know us as . 
  not really . 
  we 're too irrelavant to have a global stereotype . 
  thank god . 
  no one has that stereotype about us except ourselves . 
  jealousy is a thing everywhere , not just here . 
  you wold n't be worried about russia if hillary won ? 
  yep . 
  circle , not cross . 
  they look like someone put them together in microsoft word 5 minutes before start . 
  which may even be how it really is . 
  yea , this should be under rules . 
  if a question is only concerning one country , it should be asked under their respective subreddit . 
  there 's no point asking here . 
  continental europe as a whole is a peninsula of eurasian tectonic plate . 
  it 's just a geographical region . 
  nothing to identify with . 
  you 're either within the borders or you are n't . 
  stop thinking of it as something it is n't ( cultural ) and you wo n't be offended . 
  geographical term of the peninsula , wether it would be considered a peninsula today or not , what else . 
  no it 's not . 
  it was used as a geographical term way way waaaaaay before as a cultural/political term . 
  balkan as a cultural/political term has only been alive for a few decades . 
  i only recognise it as a geographical term . 
  i lived in a city with lots of immigrants/refugees from bosnia and serbia , also croatia and macedonia . 
  so those . 
  plus german and a bit of italian on tv . 
  and some hungarian . 
  no hidak on slo1 ? 
  not in our lifetime . 
  do you have it ? 
  yea , without all the conflicts and such high disparity , it would be nice . 
  but currently , no . 
  the world would just fall apart . 
  i will look into it when i have more time . 
  it may just be super popular in ireland . 
  that would be interesting . 
  what about waldorf/steiner education ? 
  there 's so many approaches to education it seems highly unlikely for one specific method to be so dominant . 
  some kids do n't do well in such losely structured environments . 
  which pretty much means no borders anywehere at all . 
  look at his reply to another user . 
  he means globally . 
  no , they 're just sane . 
  no one in their right mind would want to abolish all the national borders on this world . 
  i think you 're mixing things up . 
  montessori is a pretty specific educational approach . 
  i may be wrong but i 'm pretty sure they 're not the most common form of pre-school not in italy nor anywhere else . 
  it 's just too speciffic for it to be so common . 
  after doing a short google search , `` scuola dell ` infanzia '' is your form of kindergarten . 
  edit : jesus effing christ , i totaly thought you 're from italy . 
  my apologies . 
  anyway , it 's very unlikely majority of your kindergartens are fully montessori . 
  they may be using some techniques , as well as others , which is normal . 
  really ? 
  75 % of dutch would open borders to the whole world ? 
  pringles , 165g - 2,29 $ regular salted crunchips , 175g - 1,89 $ spare ribs roasted crunchips , 140g - 1,89 $ regular salted pata , 300g - 2,09 $ regular chio salted , 150g - 1,89 $ chio oven , 150g - 1,99 $ chio kettle cooked sea salt , 150g - 1,19 $ kelly 's sunland farm , 100g - 1,69 $ regular salted mercator brand , 150g - 0,69 $, 
  which is like 10 people . 
  who the heck would ? 
  no one sane . 
  slovene/slovenian are both correct for a person/language/adjective * . 
  it does n't matter which one you use . 
  there 's no rule . 
  i think slovenian is more common , i usually use slovene but i really do n't care what other people use . 
  i heard from some people who study english that they use slovene , but you know , that may just be their prefference .
