  that song is like a modern day evergreen . 
  i love it . 
  3,16 for average families ( including childless couples ) and 3,56 for only families with kids ( nuclear families ) . 
  average household is 2,47 . 
  that 's data for 2015 . 
  that 's a pretty well known book . 
  nothing . 
  they do the same here . 
  it 's kind of annoying because you feel obliged to send them money without even asking for those cards . 
  what bank is that ? 
  i think abanka is 0,26 $ . 
  0,26 $ per transfer . 
  i think . 
  april 30th or may 3rd . 
  of course not . 
  unless you do n't want to date a specific race for other reasons but no attraction . 
  same here . 
  i thought we were finaly done with that . 
  wow . 
  that 's just completely different than here . 
  i never paid attention to this while travelling . 
  here it 's : name and last name streen and street number post code and city and that 's it . 
  when you get to an apartment building , there 's an interphone with all the last names that you can ring , post boxes all have last names and there 's last names written on front doors of each apartment . 
  what the heck ? 
  i hope this never gets here . 
  so you can only use those apps ? 
  american from what state ? 
  american from the city or middle of nowhere ? 
  interesting . 
  but why just not a just a name ? 
  so when you get bills , they also write your apartment number on the letter ? 
  i expect others would do the same ? 
  yes . 
  everywhere . 
  never seen any place without it . 
  if you send mail to someone and there 's no last name on the mailbox , what do you write on a letter ? 
  a number ? 
  that just sounds silly . 
  if you order pizza , how does delivery know which door to ring a bell ? 
   except the fermented soybeans , but you quickly learn to avoid them because they smell like vomit i love natt\u014d !, 
  mix it wit mustard or put it on rice . 
  so good !, 
  you just have to get past the gooeyness . 
  best thing in japan is okonomiyaki from hiroshima . 
  all three that have been mentioned so far ( pomlad , kofetarica and sejalec ) plus [ mrtva\u0161ki ples ] ( http://www.delo.si/assets/media/picture/20141230/knjizevnil__1_beram_hires.jpeg1.jpeg?rev=1 ) if frescos count . 
  gon na admit , russia is a magnificent place . 
  the more east you go , the better . 
  no it 's not . 
  quran has as many interpretations as the people who read it . 
  are you saying average bosnian believes the same things salafists do ? 
  you mean [ european solidarity corps ] ( https://europa.eu/youth/solidarity_en ) ? 
  like what , folk songs ? 
  [ golica ] is always a hit . 
  no singing though . 
  we have the most casinos . 
   ski jumping what ? 
  just no . 
  adventure !, 
  holy crap . 
  i always wanted to live in the middle of nowhere in russia . 
  of course . 
  prekmurje is more hungarian , bela krajina is more croatian , western part is more italian . 
  so this . 
  so very much this . 
  no , he said countries of warsaw pact . 
  so not us . 
  honestly , i 'm gon na have to go check if my id is still valid . 
  i have no idea . 
  i never look at the date . 
  i guess you have never met israelis . 
  such is life in the balkans . 
  went skiing in bosnia . 
  it was supposed to open at 9am . 
  we were there a few minutes after 9am , there was already a formed line . 
  9:15 , an employee finaly decides to show up to work and later yells at us for being impatient and threatens to completely shut everything down . 
  the lift finaly opened shortly after 10pm . 
  and lets not talk about how they clean the pistes ... 
  of course , plenty of songs like that . 
  yep , the ones i 've been to in recent past give you a 0,5 $ coffee cupon . 
  but i rarely need to use petrol station restrooms in slovenia anyway . 
  i have a huge bladder and you 're at your destination in no time . 
  that just does n't go together . 
  wine potatoes butter mess loud peach, 
  lol . 
  i thought all the toilets at our petrol stations are paid ? 
  funny , jesenice of all places . 
  they probably have the highest number of cleaning ladies per capita in slovenia . 
  nope , we were driving vienna - brno . 
  ugh it was a toilet at a petrol station somewhere in czech republic soon after you cross the border with austria . 
  did you have to remind me ? 
  before seeing that i thought it could n't get worse than toilets in the middle of nowhere in tunisia . 
  uh what ? 
  so did i. 
  and especially changing profile photos . 
  but if you do it for one country , then do it for all . 
  do n't you think you missed someone ? 
  i was just thinking that . 
  and no ` pray for st. petersburg ' and changing of profile photos either . 
  edit : i 'm not aware of much of those for london either but then again , i was too busy to check back then . 
  if it 's double standards or if people stoped doing it because it became a ` norm ' ( a bit of a stretch ) , it 's very sad either way .
