  edit : some minor edits . 
  edit 2 : this is for my region , farms in other regions had different kind of houses . 
  it takes 3 hours and a half to get from gori\u010dko to piran here . 
  and we 're kind of very small . 
  i definitely would . 
  hungary . 
  it 's not exactly as you described but i 'm always so bored driving there . 
  so when germans threw out more than 20.000 slovene families out of their homes and forcibly expelled them to germany or serbia to make space for relocated gottschees , was that ok ? 
  tuna pat\u00e9 is common here . 
  yep , very . 
  maybe smoothie with oatmeal , wheat water , chia seeds ... ? 
  something like that ? 
  liver pat\u00e9 with cranberries , seed bread and coffee . 
  ski jumping and alpine skiing by far . 
  do n't know about summer olympics . 
  [ pretty good ] ( http://gif-finder.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/putin-clapping.gif ) we still get congrats from nk every time someone 's elected . 
  [ a lot of people did ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1ay4a34dcc ), 
  why not ? 
  sandals ? 
  there 's plenty of dark spots here . 
  they 're regulary commemorated , whatever side they were on . 
  that was n't meant as a jab or anything . 
  we care about stari pisker and all the prisoners a lot over here . 
  i 'll think of your grandma next time i eat at stari pisker . 
  did anyone ever tried to trace your grandma ? 
  i would n't know how to group most of the country at all . 
  i 'd just do it by common regions . 
  nope , you 're banned from ever comming here !, 
  they 're completely different . 
  have you ever heard their accent ?!, 
  they 're techincally not even in savinjska dolina . 
  they 're seperated from us by golte and gora oljka . 
  idk why they 're sometimes put into the region . 
  probably coz they 'd be too lonely with \u0160o\u0161tanj . 
  though i would n't even put anything further than maybe \u017dalec in savinjska dolina into a group with celje . 
  edit : there were so many mistakes, 
  why are you putting velenje in the same category with celje and la\u0161ko ? 
  : / that does n't work . 
  i was thinking where the fuck do we have coal mines , thermal powerplant and and a huge statue of tito until i saw you included velenje in the normal part of slovenia . 
  i feel my lungs colapse and my cancer grow a bit bigger every time i think of cinkarna . 
  i know plenty of people here who actually preffer union over la\u0161ko but are ` afraid ' to say it out loud . 
  my grandma lived ( still does ) by the school where germans gathered more than 600 slovene kids and took them to germany to be even more germanized . 
  but i never actually talked about it with her , she was too young to remember . 
  edit : really ? 
  a downvote ? 
  perfect !, 
  all very true !, 
  very very true . 
   \u0160tajerska ( sytria eastern part ) i hope that does n't include celje !, 
  we refuse to be asocciated with maribor . 
  we are the most normal of all . 
  i may or may not be a bit partial . 
  would add ` annoying as fuck and always complaining ' to their description . 
  you do n't need to travel to get tomatoes to rub on bread . 
   chestnut spread , oh i see that in e.leclerc a lot . 
  is it worth a try ? 
  maybe their body type also contributes . 
  maori and hawaiians are chunks as well . 
  makes me think it 's a pacific thing . 
  i would be down with bee being our national animal . 
  no i did n't . 
  but i 'm pretty positive they offer more than just peanut butter . 
  a lot of souther cousine looks very appealing . 
  we eat gritz here as well . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's made the same though . 
  i do n't like it . 
  it 's dry and sticks to your mouth . 
  i do n't like the texture at all . 
  neither do i like the taste . 
  no , what is this amazin you 're talking about ? 
  i think i have even seen him swinging the sword around . 
  or ... maybe not . 
   yes , in serbian dialects the tip of the tongue touches the upper front teeth , while in slovene the tip touches the ridge above those teeth . 
  yep !, 
  i tried , it works !, 
  and thanks for a great explanation . 
   turul is that the one you can take a photo with at the fisherman 's bastion ? 
  puffin would be cute . 
  really ? 
  we reffer to french football team as ` galski petelini ' ( le coq gaulois/gallic roosters ) . 
  they even have a rooster on their badge . 
  i have seen those on grossglockner !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  but it could be a lipizzaner , stork , human fish or bees maybe . 
  oh there 's a big difference . 
  what do you mean ? 
  everyone knows about the \u0141 's . 
  that 's how we recognise you . 
  if we take `` ali '' for example . 
  the way you say that l , a rolling soft l . we do n't say it like that . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://youtu.be/z3oitkcg5tk ) . 
  i just know ours is an absolute pile of shit and no , i wo n't be watching . 
  naah . 
  the kind of soft l. or is that serbs ? 
  hmm . 
  this is awkward ... 
  there was plenty of croatian students in ljubljana when i was studying there and they spoke good slovene after a year . 
  they even pronounced l correctly and spoke with ljubljana dialect . 
  i always wanted to know , what 's the actual ` center ' of la. 
  like where do people gather ?
