  do you have a cute name for ljubljana ? 
  yea , that 's pretty similar to what we have here in high schools . 
  by high schools i do n't mean the apprenticeship is done in school but while you 're in high school , so age 15-18 in a company of your choice . 
  all voccational schools have ` apprenticeships ' , especially 3 year ones . 
  we just do n't call ` apprenticeship ' but ` praksa ' ( practice ) . 
  my cousin goes to a 3 year technical school of some sort . 
  he worked for a company from september till middle of january and then they had classes from middle january til middle of june . 
  i 'm not sure what the exam is like but i know they need to make a product which gets graded and is part of their final grade . 
  my girlfriend went to a 4 year school for pre-school teachers and they had ` apprenticeships ' once a year in 2nd and 3rd grade and then in 4th grade every friday instead of regular classes . 
  in year one they were just observers once a week . 
  at the end of 4th year they had to lead their kindergarten group in their daily activities and were observed by a board of 3 examiners . 
  why would n't it ? 
  there was a train connection running between venice and budapest groing through slovenia . 
  italian and hungarian railways had a disagreement about something and it was abolished . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  what 's the point in that ? 
  it 's just a normal kind of work except called apprentice instead of work ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  we have apprentice for certain fields in public sector eg . 
  social workers , nurses , teachers , etc. 
  but it only lasts a few months ( 4 or 6 ) then you can do a board examination or whatever it 's called in english . 
  short version of czech republic in english just does n't sound good to me . 
  we call it \u010ce\u0161ka for short in slovene , that to me sounds ok . 
  but the english version ... no no no no . 
  it sounds out of place . 
  ` czech ' without - ia , would be better . 
  i will never say the short version . 
  sorry czech republic . 
  it was just . 
  a. joke . 
  if luxembourg had a gdp of india , it would be filthy rich . 
  that 's what i was aiming at . 
  i know ... that 's why i said gdp not gdp per capita . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  but from what i hear , in general , if you were n't much into politics it was pretty ok . you could n't get some things in the stores , so people had shopping trips to austria and italy , which most have fond memorries of , but you ca n't get everything now either . 
   apprenticeship system in high schools ? 
  we have that too . 
  pretty sure croatia has it too . 
  you literally ca n't travel between slovenia and italy by train because of a dispute between italy and hungary . 
   not sure how no insurance would work , since both drugs are prescription only . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can still go to a doctor and get a prescription . 
  i would loooooove to live in a country with a population of luxembourg and a gdp of india . 
  we 're destined to be 2nd switzerland . 
  that 's what they said , still waiting . 
  unless switzerland falls down a pit , i ca n't see that happening in a foreseeable future . 
  when you go on holidays to croatia you 're sure to bump into someone you know or someone that knows someone you know . 
  you can never be lonely . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  there 's been a few articles on him in our media recently that 's why i 'm aware of him . 
  who knew there 's a ranking sistem among healers ? 
  lol, 
  you should read my whole answers as well not just take a few words and leave out the rest . 
  you do ?!, 
  i loved those !, 
  i remember seeing them in one of our supermarket chains a few years ago . 
  they were shaped as aliens and sea creatures . 
  i ca n't find any photos . 
  i give you that . 
  makes you show that diverse societies are n't always non-racist , or non-discriminatory ones . 
  still going , huh ? 
  ` post-racial , post-national multiculturalism ' or whatever does not make a society not racist and vice versa . 
  we certainly do n't belong to your immage of ee . 
  yugoslavia had plenty of diversity and plenty of students from african countries . 
  yea you can get them here too . 
  but they were n't available for a few years inbetween . 
  and we also got those ice cream balls back a few years ago . 
  we do . 
  1st saturday of the month at exactly noon . 
  like tomorrow . 
  obviously you did n't read the whole thing or you would n't be here picking out things already explained . 
  got someonthing constructive to say or are you here to just pick on things others say ? 
  i 'm not bothered by the rest . 
  i 'm mostly bothered by the kind of dog food they sell . 
  i 'm sensitive with what kind of food goes into my dog . 
  i do n't care about what kind of food goes into me though lol . 
   or i should say individuals again , read . 
  treating ee as a unity of shared attitudes . 
   might want read op * more thoroughly * next time . 
  i agree . 
  western european countries , or i should say individuals , still generalise as well . 
  as it can be seen under this or any other comment section . 
   eastern european societies are as racist as any african , mid-eastern i 'm sorry but what ? 
  might want read my reply to someone who has already commented on this . 
  shoot , i completely missed the american in african american part . 
  got too stuck on the whole generalization thing . 
  ew i got heebeejeebeez when i saw the kind of dog food they sell . 
  never trust a company that sells both dog and human food . 
  yea , i 'm doing what he 's doing to pinpoint how ridiculous he sounds . 
  i guess it kind of did n't come out as i wanted . 
  he 's probably been to one country . 
  to people like him that equals whole eastern europe . 
  you know , ` eastern european culture ' , ` slavic culture ' , imaginary stuff like that . 
  why do ` western european societies ' like to generalize a huge area so much ? 
  no , never seen those . 
  just chocolate coins . 
  it 's probably connected . 
  idk . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around these things . 
  a woman once tried to convince me bioenergetic healed her daughters allergies . 
  is that a fake hubba bubba tape gum ?
