  today they 're homes to mostly young families and retirees because everything is at the reach . 
  fu\u017eine also has a new retirenment home and is a pretty boring neighbourhood . 
  there is one place though , where ambulances and firefighters do n't want to go without a police escort * and police always wears bulletproof vests . 
  they 're also considering bulletproof vests for doctors/nurses . 
  it 's a roma village \u017dabjek in the south of the country . 
  last year , or 2 years ago , an ambulance was called because someone had a heart attack . 
  they reached the village in 6 minutes but that guy died so they attacked everyone in the ambualance . 
  it was pretty bad . 
  i remember reading an article once about how they attacked the police with flower pots and a guitar . 
  is that a thing ? 
  it was der bergdoktor until a few weeks ago when the last episode aired . 
  everyone was talking about it . 
  idk what people watch now . 
  ritome\u010de ( throws ass ) ( river ) \u0160\u010davnica ( piss ) \u010cudno selo ( weird village ) lopata ( shovel ) svinjsko ( of pig , dirty ; svinja - pig ) goveji dol ( beef ` lowland ' ( ? ) ), 
  ra\u010dje selo ( duck 's village ) po\u0161tena vas ( honest village ) delnice ( stocks ) bruhanja vas ( throwup village ) hudaju\u017ena ( mad lunch ( ? ) ), 
  pekel ( hell ) nebesa ( heaven ) paradi\u017e ( paradise ) delnice ( stocks ) \u010crnci ( black people ) dankovci ( rectums ) \u0160peharji ( lards ) stara nova vas ( old new village ) pedrovo ( gayville ; of gay ), 
  what else would they watch ? 
  if they wanted * to make a series or a movie , they 'd need all of the citizens to participate . 
  i have family from germany , they 're both older ( 60 + ) , she 's pure german and he was born in germany to slovene parents . 
  and everytime i see them they kiss me . 
  and i 'm like taking miniature steps back . 
  they 're from north germany . 
  not really except sometimes for birthdays between family and very good friends ( woman/woman , man/woman ) . 
  serb immigrants do however . 
  lots . 
  they 're very touchy-feely , epsecially women . 
  if kissing was common here i 'd pack my bags and run to finland . 
  oh yes , those two are good . 
  also to so gadi , dolina miru and ne jo\u010di peter . 
  from kids/youth movies ko zorijo jagode , poletje v \u0161koljki and sre\u010da na vrvici . 
  oh i love the hunt . 
  i just like old slovenian kids/youth movies like [ kekec ] ( https://youtu.be/35zljvfvfv0 ) for example . 
  there 's others but none of them have subtitles so it 's pointless . 
  wow , that for sure sounds a lot like slovene with a bit of croatian influences . 
  i think i was mixing kajkavian with something else then ? 
  but is n't zagreb kajkavian ? 
  what they speak sounds like a standard croatian to me . 
  i 've also been to a few other places where they 're supposed to speak kajkavian but it sounded croatian to me . 
  i guess not everyone speaks pure kajkavian animore ? 
  i think they sound a lot like belokranjci , no ? 
  you should have know by now i 'm from slovakia , bilbo . 
  no , russia . 
  no , wait ... where am i from ? 
  does n't matter , some slavic country . 
  their commentators are better . 
  really ? 
  my confused mind thought it was close to north and south belokranjsko dialects lol . 
  or maybe somewhere around rogatec because their dialect contains a lot of croatian words . 
  looks like i was way off . 
  yes , that is correct . 
  i thought you made groups by similarity between languages . 
  in which case slovene ca n't be grouped together with serbian , croatian and bosnian . 
  they 're around 25 % mutual intelligible but exposure did it 's thing . 
  i 'd say it 's very close to a few dialects in the southern part of the country but not to some other dialects . 
  though looking at kajkavian grammar on youtube right now , grammar is quite similar to ours but it still sounds more croatian to me . 
  have you never watched sport on htv2 ? 
   serbian & croatian & slovenian no . 
  kajkavian still sounds very croatian to me with maybe a bit more of a slovene accent . 
  some of the words , even though they 're not the same in slovene are pronounced the way we 'd pronounce them . 
  not all though . 
  yea , i guess you 're right . 
   not even on street markets ? 
  never seen any . 
  that would mostly be `` chinese impact '' . 
  but if someone has a ussr shirt or whatever kind of memorabilia is it really because of whatever kind of impact they had on us ? 
  i 'm sure you can find same stuff in non-ex-socialist countries . 
  so where 's a line between `` an impact '' and `` fun/colectible/hobby stuff '' ? 
  i do n't think ussr had any direct influence on us ( apart from politics ) that would remain til ' today . 
  i 'm not questioning that , especially not your family 's connection but did ussr have such an influence that you have ussr memorabilia ? 
  we do n't . 
  in general , i do n't feel any closer connection to slavic speaking countries than to other countries and i dont ' see why i should . 
  i feel closer to croatia than to , idk , luxembourg but that 's for other reasons . 
  i feel closer to austrians than i feel to macedonians , ukrainians etc. , again for other reasons than linguistics . 
  once while travelling abroad , after telling a guy i 'm from slovenia , he took me to another guy and said `` look , he 's from poland ! '' . 
  yea , so ? 
  zlobe se ne da izmerit . 
  yes . 
  kav\u010d = sofa . 
  so , soffers , something like that . 
  he 's dead though . 
  the one my mum mixes from stuff around our house . 
  oh yea , that 's my go to loose leaf tea . 
  personally , probably less than 50 % . 
  i tried reading croatian news online some time ago and i gave up . 
  mutual intelligibility is around 25 % , then add how familiar someone is with the language . 
  those who listen to croatian , serbian , bosnian music definitely understand more and so do those who spend their whole summers on croatian coast . 
  yep we have them in apartment buildings and i think under some hills . 
  in apartment buildings they have big heavy steel [ doors ] ( http://images.24ur.com/media/images/600xx/jun2011/60696408.jpg?1c44 ) . 
  behind those doors every apartment has a small storage place . 
  if needed people get down there and doors are closed shut . 
  when i was a kid we used to play hide and seek down there . 
  naah . 
  you heard it here . 
  admit it . 
  go on . 
  probably [ king matja\u017e ] ( http://www.pecastory.com/en/the-story-of-peca )  the legend of king matja\u017e and mountain peca speaks of a man who once courageously , wisely and mercifully ruled the slovenian lands and was for these virtues loved by his people . 
  folk tales speak of his great affection for his beloved wife alen\u010dica who was kidnapped by the turkish army during the territory conquests and fearlessly saved from captivity by matja\u017e himself . 
  they could have lived a happy and fulfilling life together had it not been for the other envious rulers who initiated the war . 
  aggressively attacked by an enemy that was in numbers too great to defeat , matja\u017e retreated under the foothill of mountain peca which opened up to the heroic soldiers and hid them inside her bosoms . 
  matja\u017e fell asleep at the stone table inside the cave of the mountain , and according to the legend he will not awake until his beard has grown long enough to wrap the table around for nine times .
