  and sharks . 
  i do n't know about the funniest , but german one is the worst . 
   because the netherlands is a tiny country in / ... / population . 
  ticks . 
  tons of ticks . 
  we have the highest rate of tick borne diseases . 
  bears boars wolves horned viper and european adder lynx , if that counts as dangerous . 
  wasps , hornets , bees - not deadly unless you 're allergic jellyfish , tiny scorpions , wasp spiders - just poisonous edit : we have greater weever as well . 
  we have my grandmas mothers side traced to 14th century . 
  they lived within 20km from where my grandma still lives . 
  we 're pretty sure all sides of my family lived around the area where we still live . 
  erm no , bears are a problem here in areas where they have them . 
  we had a mama bear problem just last week and people were advised to not hang outside . 
  yes , but people usually have a bush in their garden . 
  very common in my area . 
  yes . 
  huge difference between : `` do you think what he did is bad ? '', 
  and `` do n't you think what he did is bad ? '' . 
  it 's like the person asking is expecting you to answer a certain way . 
  it 's the same in slovene . 
  yep , a troll . 
   while honey contains pretty much nothing besides sugar . 
  so you 're either trolling or know next to nothing about honey . 
  first of all , we 're talking about chocolate sprinkles here , not 70 or 80 % dark chocolate . 
  i do n't know if you 're trolling or what so i 'll leave it at this . 
  keep living in an illusion . 
  everything you wrote is too ridiculous to even try and explain why it 's ridiculous . 
  one is natural the other one is processed . 
  huge difference . 
  honey also has many other benefints . 
  comparing processed chocolate sprinkles to honey is ridiculous . 
  i do n't know how that 's debatable , but ok . 
  because honey is natural and very healthy ? 
  raw bread ? 
  you mean not toasted bread ? 
  just sliced ? 
  then yes , not toasted bread . 
  we only toast [ toast ] ( http://kruh.zito.si/wp-content/files_mf/toastpolnozrnati400g002.png ) . 
  then bosnians and macedonians . 
  and then portugese . 
  we 're very nice to tourists as well , just not nice to eachother . 
  i read that this sort of attacks are most common in bangladesh . 
  yep . 
  our doors have keys like [ this ] ( http://sanovnikonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/sanjati-kljuc.jpg ) . 
  seems like every little kid in my immediate and extended family locks themselves in a bathroom at least once in their lifetime and does n't know how to unlock the doors . 
  we did n't have keys in the doors in my home , they were put in a drawer that has all kinds of shit in . 
  but our bathroom had a fixed lock . 
   smugness or at least aggressive pride from the dolenjska and \u0160tajerska regions iiii ... just do n't include celje !, 
  unless you consider us savinjska . 
  we do n't belong with mb . 
  it 's probably one of the worst months around here weather wise . 
  may , june and september i think are the nicest . 
  i know everyone would say ljubljana , but to me it 's definitely maribor . 
  they 're just annoying . 
  if there 's any region where regional eidentity is bigger than a national one , it 's maribor . 
   it can take anywhere for one or two hours ot get there in some cases . 
  same here . 
  do n't you start school at around 9am in the uk ? 
  we usually start at 7 or 8am . 
  coffee substitute maybe ? 
  we always drank chicory , barley , barley malt , spelt ... coffee substitutes in kindergarten and school here . 
  and why so many of them ? 
  why uk but not other countries in europe ? 
  i became aware of this type of attacks through uk . 
  are there any other countries in europe that experience them ? 
  it 's like you 're reading my mind . 
  i wanted to ask what 's up with acid attacks in the uk for some time now and i planned on asking today after this last attack . 
  dark bread with butter and honey and tea probably . 
  and apple slices . 
  ~ 150 people have the same surname as me . 
  it 's around place 3000 . 
  my mom 's maiden name is more common . 
  around place 1250 and 309 people have it . 
  they 're both slovene last names . 
  very common . 
  my parents do n't miss a single weekend or holiday going there . 
  when i was a kid , we came home on a friday , packed our stuff , went to our weekend house and came back home on sunday evening just in time to watch crocodile hunter . 
  it was especially great in winter when we got snowed in and there was hills galore for sledding and skiing . 
   do you have any close or extended family living in the usa or canada ? 
  not that i know of . 
   do you think it 's common to have this in your country ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i only know one person that has some family in canada . 
  edit : and one in nyc . 
  obviously not ... 
  but it does say something . 
  my japanese teacher said we smell weird to asians because of different food and spices we eat . 
  it makes sense . 
  bo is normal . 
  some people just have a stronger and more unpleasant one . 
  it depends on what you eat . 
  you 'll find that indians have a weird smell because of all the spices . 
  i smell differently after eating curry as well . 
  have you read some recent questions about that here ? 
  it 's legal here and it exists ... 
  i 'm pretty sure schools are supposed to teach facts and encourage critical thinking not push certain opinions on students . 
  i never had that problem . 
  even at ` veselica ' if i say no , it 's no . 
  there are drunk people , usually village folk , who will keep pushing you a can but at the end of the day if you do n't want to drink , you do n't drink . 
  i find that people like that are not pleasant to hang with when they 're not drunk either .
