we are on the same page - i just go a little further . 
  i do n't believe europeans do hold certain freedoms more dearly than the chinese . 
  the communist party of china is not the chinese people , although , of course , that 's exactly what they would claim to be . 
  if the people had the free choice to decide on what sort of society they wanted to be , who knows ? 
  it would be different from europe for sure , but how different we have no idea . 
   i disagree , but that may have to do with my conviction that values can not be objectively measured or assessed . 
  what i do believe as that we have the right to defend these values , and if that defence ends up being territorial , then so be it . 
  but they can be objectively measured . 
  our values undoubtedly come from a christian basis , but have been honed and adapted through experience and sheer decency . 
  the attitude and laws regarding gay people are a very good example . 
  over time the bulk of the population have come to accept that a ) orientation is not a choice and so to discriminate is completely unfair , b ) gay people are no threat to anyone , c ) we actually contribute massively to society . 
  that is a superior to a mindset based on diktats laid down by a man made belief system a millennium-and-a-half ago . 
  that ensures there can be no enlightenment over time - it is set in stone for all time , no matter what we learn in the meantime . 
  nope - there 's no moral equivalence at all . 
  to paraphrase bill maher - `` no i will not accept a level playing field between my rational , humanistic beliefs and those laid down by an imagined god '' . 
  wow !, 
  what a post !, 
  if i could show you my massive posting history elsewhere , i have written this more times than i can remember . 
  almost word for word . 
  i am 55 and grew up gay in a dull midlands town . 
  hopeless for a gay teenager . 
  i left home for london at 18 to live with a boy , and my life started . 
  london was the only refuge in the country for gay people then . 
  i was a campaigning member of the sdp then libdems for 18 years . 
  in those days it was impossible to imagine the country ever chilling out . 
  it 's been a slow , steady process . 
  the improvement has gained as religion declined . 
  yet we have let millions of piously religious folk in , who do n't buy into it at all . 
  i get sick of the harman types lecturing me that they are not homophobic , when , as a multicultural evangelist , i moved to the thick of tower hamlets for 7 years and it changed my entire political and social outlook . 
  i realised what i had been selling was not reality . 
  i get called right wing ( i 'm just right of centre ) but i 'm a libertarian - so long as everyone joins in . 
  a recent poll showed 52 % of muslims polled said they would like homosexuality to be recriminalised . 
  elsewhere i spar with an incredibly bright somalian guy , libdem , sophisticated yet believes alcohol , drugs and homosexuality are equally immoral . 
  yet the owen jones tendency insists doing liberal backflips to defend the illiberal . 
  you are not a supremacist . 
  i believe liberal western values are superior to those of islam . 
  it 's beyond debate . 
  it 's not perfect , but a million times nearer than anything you could possibly find in any muslim state . 
  despite my belief there is way too much immigration , i shall be voting remain . 
  completely not the place for this - major thread creep , and i apologise . 
  i could n't not reply to this . 
  terrible , terrible news about jo cox . 
  and higher drama at this already fevered time is hard to imagine . 
  it will play in the referendum , no doubt . 
  if there is any more substantiation of what he is alleged to have said , then it could be incendiary - but that does n't look likely . 
  brexiters are already demanding that is nothing to do with the campaign , and maybe it 's not , but ( as was said elsewhere ) can you imagine what they would be saying if it was rees-mogg shot by a bulgarian ? 
  it will also matter if they find anything in his house . 
  i would have thought a man who makes his own shotgun will have some dubious stuff . 
  the fact is , that the supercharged language that is being used by fuckwits like farage winds people up . 
  and it could easily tip people on the edge , over it . 
  it wo n't change hardcore brexiters , but more thoughtful , wavering folk may well consider it . 
  you think subway workers are employed to clean up peoples ' sputum ? 
  in any case , it is illegal to spit on the underground . 
  it 's even against bylaws even to spit in public in most london boroughs . 
  and i find it possible to be disgusted at more than one thing at a time . 
   scottish referendum almost certainly . 
  looks likely 2/3rd of scots will vote to remain . 
  the demand for a repeat referendum will be irresistible . 
  england better put some love on wales otherwise we 're going to be feeling very lonely . 
   russian aggression no change there then . 
   millions unemployed highly likely . 
  business is already dead , as so many decisions are on hold pending the outcome . 
  i know . 
  i own a business supplying industry . 
   all major businesses relocating ( where ? ), 
  some may well . 
  you can forget any future major foreign investment ( upon which we are incredibly reliant ) . 
  why would any global company wanting to open a european operation choose a uk that is outside the single market , with high labour rates when they have far cheaper , better educated workforces available within the single market ? 
   no holidays abroad ( apparently we ca n't get visas ? ), 
  oh , no problem for the wealthy , as they can cope with a vastly weakened currency . 
  will be very expensive for everyone else . 
  there are grains of truth in the remainder of the points , but are for sure , ridiculous . 
  which is why nobody has said them . 
  you get what you pay for . 
  cheap strawberries usually taste of nothing whatsoever . 
  like tomatoes . 
  tomatoes would make for a much more interesting comparison . 
  decent ones are insanely expensive in supermarkets here . 
  take out moss side , hackney and brixton , and the uk number would sink to 0.01 , 
  firstly , i did n't say it was more disgusting than vomiting in the street . 
  both are gross . 
  the street , however , is in the open air and the weather will eventually deal with it , even if street cleaning does n't . 
  you do n't have any problem with spitting on a subway platform ? 
  spitting on a tube platform is an exceptionally disgusting thing to do . 
  no wonder bucharest is such a shithole . 
  i was in edinburgh for 3 nights the week of the vote . 
  it 's absolutely true - one would have thought it was going to be a `` yes '' landslide . 
  so i get that . 
  we spoke to loads of folk there , though , and they were split 50/50 , and it was obviously going to be much closer than it appeared . 
  i mix in all sorts of circles and all types of people , and i truly have hardly encountered anyone who is voting in . 
  i 'm sure in many parts of london it 's different , but i speak to folk all over . 
  because there is a breed of brit who never goes anywhere without one . 
  we remarked at the time that the brits stood out for being a mixture of drab and shabby compared to most of the surrounding crowd . 
  i can usually have a good guess at london tourists ' nationality . 
  there are little clues - sometimes quite subtle . 
  well , you need to tell your mum that we are going to pay a very , very heavy financial price if we leave . 
  immigration drives me crazy too - i want to be in the single market but control our borders - but that is not an option on offer . 
  so it 's the least worst option , which means remain . 
  i am very scared at the future prospects of the country ( and my livelihood ) if we leave . 
  ** uk ** [ apparently an obnoxious portuguese man is to be employed by a football club .
