  ] ( http://www.skysports.com/football/news/11667/10294595/jose-mourinho-to-sign-manchester-united-contract-by-friday ) [ figures released today show net immigration in 2015 to have reached the dizzy heights of 333,00 much to the delight of the brexiteers ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36382199 ) [ following the sacking of infantile monster-ego jeremy clarkson , the first of the much anticipated new top gear is to be aired on the bbc on sunday , hosted by the infantile monster-ego chris evans and an american person ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-36388100 ) [ eric , the hipster french bulldog goes skating in hackney 's clissold park and reminds the world how classy is london ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxe2ljtczts ), 
  there is something wrong going on here . 
  the polls are simply getting it wrong , and i 'm not sure why . 
  other than 3 of my friends , i know absolutely nobody who is voting to remain . 
  my work colleagues are not , and do n't know anyone who is either . 
  all of my family are voting leave without exception . 
  even my business associates - customers and suppliers who have engaged me on the subject - are all `` leave '' . 
  the vote is going to be leave , and it 's going to be a big shock to everyone . 
  today 's appalling immigration figures will help . 
  despite the fact i detest our open border arrangement and believe our increasing population is simply unsustainable , i will be voting remain . 
  very , very reluctantly . 
  if i could , i 'd add `` do not take this as an endorsement of the status quo '' on my ballot paper . 
  this is so correct . 
  the trainers ( sneakers ) are always brilliantly white , and i ca n't understand how they keep them that way . 
  do they bring a new pair for each day ? 
  they tend to go , incongruously , with crimplene slacks . 
  i did see an awful lot in vegas , so perhaps there 's a white sneaker mine there somewhere . 
  i recall once trying to find a tour group who we had to meet in the morning in st mark 's square ( venice ) . 
  we arrived at about 10am , and there was about 10,000 people milling around , of every nationality on earth . 
  we looked around for ages , and were just about to give up when i spotted it . 
  there , on the far side of the square , through the hordes it was . 
  a woman with a tesco bag . 
  it was , of course , them . 
  we had our day touring the islands after all . 
  there is a perfectly rational reason for this . 
  rather than waste our time pointlessly learning other languages , when speaking to foreigners , we simply s p e a k l o u d l y a n d s l o w l y in english . 
  it works just as well . 
  i expect paddy is confident of victory , and will be looking even more smug than usual , if that is physically possible , 
  and for every one of you , there 's many more who are not happy with that situation . 
  i have lived in the most densely muslim populated ward in the country - in stepney - and my experience was anything but good . 
  i was a liberal when i arrived and 5 years there totally changed my politics and outlook . 
  you have the patronising attitude of the liberals - a load of those anti-immigrant people are in lower immigrant areas because they fled there . 
  how the heck do you think stratford ( e15 , not e20 ) , plaistow , e & w ham , barking , ilford , bow , mile end , leyton , leytonstone etc bloody etc have become as densely immigrant populated ? 
  i 've lived here 38 years and i 've known all of those areas well . 
  they were not like that all those years ago . 
  we bought our first flat in barking in 86 - i would n't live there now if you paid me to . 
  of course it was n't all white british - nothing like - but there was an equilibrium that has been completely lost . 
  those areas have been overwhelmed both by muslim immigrants and now eastern europeans . 
  barking has every creed on planet earth . 
   and most anti-immigration sentiment is driven by asian and arabic immigrants . 
  as far as integration is concerned , that is true . 
  asian culture ( and i 'm talking about `` asian '' in the british context , not as generally understood in the rest of the world ) is far more alien to us than almost all the eu , even including the accession countries . 
  sheer numbers of eu immigrants are what drive much of the anti eu sentiment in many areas . 
  depends on where you are . 
  in my affluent little ne london enclave , not too much . 
  a mile of so in most directions and it 's like a cocktail of bucharest and mogadishu . 
  you can think all you like . 
  certainly our appalling lack of language skills plays to our disadvantage in europe , but even though i only speak english , i always feel far more foreign in the us than anywhere in the eu . 
  the culture is totally different there . 
  you 're completely and utterly wrong , but i suspect this sort of complacency is rife within `` remain '' . 
  and presently , i 'm genuinely trying to persuade myself to vote in rather than out . 
  indeed it was . 
  idiots . 
  and ? 
  you clearly have had enough of our difficult , troublesome country . 
  i am saying that the reason we are difficult is because the debate here is open and vigorous , and has been for a long time . 
  in much of the eu it 's kept well screwed down because they dare not ask the people for fear of the answer . 
   freedom of movement , goods and services take freedom of movement out of the equation , and the vote would be a formality . 
  it is this factor that is the driver for 95 % of brexiteers . 
  and me . 
  as for keeping the peace , i 'd say the eu , its structures and the way it is governed is the biggest threat to peace in contemporary europe . 
  it 's a catastrophe . 
  well , according to a poll i saw a couple of weeks ago , the majority of nederlanders asked said they would like a referendum of their own , and `` leave/remain '' was almost 50/50 . 
  my dutch friends all say they would love the chance and would follow us out if they had the opportunity . 
  do n't assume you speak for all nl . 
  they need to build a wall and make austria pay for it . 
  only snag - all their builders are over here . 
  oh , you sensitive little flower . 
  maybe you should n't dole out the disrespect if you ca n't take it . 
  that the uk has refused to be hijacked by the federalists is a good thing - and we are not alone in resenting this . 
  we joined a common trade market , not a european super state . 
  ok , thanks for that . 
  i know we 're on the roll . 
  on the subject of o'leary - i could be persuaded to vote `` remain '' if he promised to never open his mouth in public again . 
  you 've had your card ? 
  no sign of mine ... 
  oh , there 's plenty of weirdos in the eu . 
  arrogance like yours is what has driven the eu in the past few decades , with no mandate whatsoever to do so . 
  the only reason you , and the ideologues who run the show , are shitting themselves over brexit is because if we leave , the pack of cards will crumble . 
  did you see the poll in nl ? 
  over 50 % wanted a referendum too , and it was almost 50/50 split between remain and leave . 
  there are millions of people on this continent who do not want this integration - as shown by the rise in nationalist parties everywhere . 
  keep on kidding yourself if it makes you feel superior , but the writing is on the wall whether you choose to read it or not . 
  what 's more - those likely to follow us out of the door are the * contributors * , not the * receivers * . 
  godwins so soon , eh ? 
  frankly , given the stance of your country during wwii i 'm surprised you bring up the subject . 
  if what we are told is true , then trouble is already brewing without any impact of the referendum result . 
  the feeling in the rest of the country has n't changed in my lifetime . 
  nothing would make us happier , and wealthier , than a united ireland . 
  i did n't realise the decline was that steep . 
  roi has benefited to a huge degree from eu membership , which together with its decision to be an international prostitute for global corporations to the detriment of its `` partners '' in the eu , has transformed its status and standard of living . 
  i hear it 's even adopting postcodes . 
  firstly , i have never read the daily mail in my life . 
  if i read a paper , it 's usually the times . 
  secondly , i was a liberal democrat activist for 20 years , and a loyal guardianista until my views changed through experience . 
  i am perfectly aware of the attitude to roma from romanians . 
  the waiter on the night train from budapest to bucharest told us in a very loud and proud manner that the best answer was to machine gun them all . 
  there was laughter and a ripple of applause around the dining car . 
  even i am not that illiberal , even though i consider them an utter pain in the arse . 
  i did n't say romanians made up the majority of eastern immigrants into the uk , but they are the most noticeable , along with bulgarians .
