  you should allow a lot of young foreign workers into the country to work and pay taxes to keep the pension fund nice and fat for future generations to also benefit from a decent pension ... oh, 
  sinn fein is very much pro eu and anything really that is not british . 
  bargain, 
  wonder how long before the business is moved from the uk, 
  frances *, 
  but it is a disaster . 
  it is irish for pound , which is what we called our money before the euro . 
  and here you are . . whining about it . 
  * hairless with 3rd degree burns, 
  the inbred seed of william is still strong, 
  let them have their washing machines and microwaves . . 
  yeah kick them all out . 
  we only need our scientists, 
  no one cares though, 
  sore losers, 
  good ? 
  maybe now they can ban this stupid `` sport '', 
  female david cameron ? 
  source ? 
  source ? 
  source ? 
  they will use the money the uk will pay in when they join the eea, 
  is it to raise money to send them home ? 
  but not domestic workers ? 
  borat would be incredibly poignant if it created today . 
  with all of our growth we have very little to show for it . 
  talk of underground metro , tunnels to the uk & a healthcare system to rival the best . 
  none of these happened . 
  such a fucking waste of potential . 
  but hey , all we can do now is overpay for basic goods and hope all the multinational companies do n't leave . 
  low corporate tax is going on . 
  britain is the most amazing country in the world and all foreigners will try to get into the british paradise before the door closes . 
  i dunno to be honest , its a shit hole . 
  why wait for the slaughter when you can pick your cow out now . 
  * clothing, 
  ah ok , i should have read deeper . 
  the eu / uk situation is not analogous to britain / scotland . 
  uk is an equal partner in the eu that wants to leave the table . 
  the eu has strict rules specifically for this , there is no way around them . 
  did you agree to the rules or not ? 
  cause they could n't have been ratified without britain agreeing to them . 
  take your medicine, 
  sometimes we see shadows where there are none, 
  half of them are from american papers ... 
  you \u00b4 re forgetting about northern ireland , which is the exact same situation right now but not hypothetical . 
  spanish tax authority takes searching google to new level, 
  hardly a great source . 
  ca n't wait for the new uk to try and claim america . 
  she was asking for it, 
  hahahahaha, 
  `` he noted that if nobody claimed the cash , could it be donated to the poor souls of great britain '', 
  they literally just love the attention, 
  it lacks expertise in governing its own country it seems, 
  ok to us culture is what separates us aswell as borders . 
  generally we look the same as each other , as discussed we all speak english but each of us has our own native language . 
  if you want to break it into something more tangible , you could split our islands down to celtic based cultures and germanic . 
  irish , scots and welsh are celtic and the english are germanic . 
  but lets keep it simple in ireland we play our own national sports [ gaelic football ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaelic_football ) & [ hurling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hurling ) that are not played anywhere else in the world outside of irish communities . 
  music , songs , mythology , food we all have our own . 
  to you it may all look the same on the outside just because of something as vapid as language but as with anything to devil is in the details . 
  so do romanians look with distrust at america , canada , australia and new zealand when they claim they are not english ? 
  how about argentinians , peruvians and mexicans who claim they are not spanish ? 
  edit : one point on language , we all have different accents . 
  if i talked to a man from glasgow i would know instantly he 's from glasgow . 
  this is difficult for people outside of these islands , to be fair even within the islands ( the english have difficulty with accents outside of england itself ), 
  he is liked by lower class and downtrodden which include racists , closet racists and regular folk who had enough of the regular establishment who have left them to rot . 
  he was not part of the official leave campaign but it was his show as much as the others so he campaigned on his own . 
  maybe if the roma people had their country violently taken over by a sadistic empire who forced their people to speak english and banned their language in all but the most remote areas of their island . 
  and only due to independence from said empire did they have a revival of their culture and try to rebuild it including the teaching of their native language . 
  which as you can imagine wo n't happen overnight . 
  but hey if our languages decided our nationality that would be fucking stupid . 
  you got me, 
  touch\u00e9, 
  doing their job, 
  bloody foreigners, 
  it 's flawless in execution but i have this feeling of being a bad sport like fighting back against the annoying kid only to find out later their dad 's got terminal cancer . 
  it 's just too damn easy . 
  edit : grammar is important , thank you, 
  less competition always lowers prices !, 
  i 'll allow it, 
  he 's caretaking the plane into the mountain, 
   counties nice try !, 
  it was n't `` no '' anyway so il take it . 
  ok so romania has an expat problem ? 
  did not know that . 
  it 's like a reverse uk, 
  why have you got such a problem with other roma ? 
  your culture is quite unique you should stick together . 
  edit : ok my joke got out of hand here . 
  i know roma = / = romanian , it was a sly joke playing up to people stupidly confusing the two tldr : i forgot my / s, 
  maggie thatch would be proud of you dave . 
  the cock up of a generation, 
  that 's anglophone to anglophone though . 
  if you go from a different language to another the sounds you learnt as a child which are n't used in english affect greatly your accent . 
  they are incredibly difficult to get rid of . 
  especially for italians and spaniards . 
  trust has been severed though . 
  who knows when they will pull a stunt like this again . 
  like a drug addict there 's a point where you have to cut off direct contact . 
  obviously but they are treating them with such contempt by lying outright to them and the fools lap it up .
