  besides the obvious agenda pushing , i 'm also frequently annoyed by his attempt to shove his garbage language down our throats . 
  i do n't mind subreddits with languages other than english , in fact i subscribe to several myself . 
  / r/europe , however , is not one . 
  this is a place where redditors from all over europe meet and the preferred lingua franca is english , not french . 
  if you want to discuss the glory days when your language was still relevant internationally , you can reconnect your minitel-terminal . 
  men \u00e4ru go elle ? 
  i think they actually cut the trees down , since that is more efficient than hugging them . 
  what 's up with this map projection ? 
  i 'm straining my neck trying to look at the map . 
   i think in this case we 're talking about refugees though , which are n't supposed to stay , but eventually return to their country of origin ? 
  not in sweden . 
  for the last year or so , sweden has been handing out put ( permanent uppeh\u00e5llstillst\u00e5nd , * permanent residence permit * ) to anyone * claiming * to be syrian . 
  i use claiming because investigating the origin of refugees would be racist . 
  i think the difference is that a venn diagram will always show all possible combinations , i.e. 
  any and all possible intersections . 
  a euler diagram is free to exclude intersections . 
  everyone likes germany , as long as germany stays in germany . 
  i think they 've declared independence several times , it 's just that the rest of canada has n't understood it yet . 
  i think a `` not '' slipped in your sentence by mistake there . 
  bloated public sectors and inefficient bureaucracy are hallmarks of leftist politics , whether it 's a full blown communist dictatorship like the soviet union or merely a social democrat utopia like the nordic countries . 
  he said * german * car . 
  chickens do n't clap !, 
  except germany is n't competing with low-wage countries on who can make the cheapest product . 
  german products are specialized , high quality and price inelastic . 
  a stronger euro ( or dm ) would mean slightly lowered demand , but that would be countered by increased revenue . 
  that 's not to say that germany is n't profiting from staying in the eurozone , but leaving it would n't spell disaster either . 
  not in europe . 
  technically , anything he has ever done , he did before his death . 
  third one looks like everyone forgot it was hitler 's birthday . 
  also , [ this . 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-8b66m6g3gw0/uctg7draqsi/aaaaaaaaniq/nzku_cb_prc/s1600/jews-are-dead.gif ), 
  all right , back to galleons , sickles and knuts . 
  17 sickles to a galleon and 29 knuts to a sickle . 
  \\  implying corporations like coca-cola and nbc pay taxes, 
  or a frog !, 
  hon hon hon !, 
  do n't worry , reform is coming . 
  so death is better than uncertainty ? 
  i do n't think syriza * wants * to pull the trigger , i just ca n't see how they can think that the rest of europe will fear it more than do . 
  i 'm not saying that the last five years have been very successful , mostly because they 've failed to properly reform what is needed . 
  they 've slashed some budgets , yes , but has there been any progress in tax collection , corruption and inefficient government monopolies ? 
  if you think an orderly reduction of government spending with the assistance of the troika and a stable currency is bad , then the complete collapse of greek finances and the introduction of a worthless currency is is going to be eye opening for you . 
  so a satirical depiction of tsipras is the same as greeks depicting germans in nazi uniforms , dragging up settled questions of war debt and threatening to seize german properties in greece ? 
  the picture is great because it shows how out of touch tsipras and syriza is with the rest of europe . 
  by refusing the demands of their creditors , they are more or less committing economic suicide . 
  the odd thing is that they seem to believe that europe is supposed to be more afraid of this than greece itself . 
  the referendum was about leaving the euro , for all intents and purposes . 
  without accepting their creditors ' demands , there is no way to remain afloat and by extension in the eurozone . 
  i think it 's great that you can remain positive in such troubling times , but i 'm afraid there is not going to be much sitting back and relaxing for greeks in the future . 
  not in the coming months and not in 5 to 10 years . 
  the biggest threat to the euro has been rogue economies like greece and the consequences they are about to suffer will deter populism in other burdened countries . 
  yes , a greek default would have caused great damage to the eu and the eurozone , which is the biggest reason of the intervention . 
  banks were essentially bailed out , but so was greece . 
  the bailout replaced costly private credit with cheaper government credit . 
  do n't try to pretend that greece did n't benefit from having its interest fees lowered . 
  2nd person ** informal ** plural ? 
  * the nerve * some people have . 
  banks were bailed out because the alternative would have wrecked the financial system . 
  greece defaulting would mean losses for everyone they owe money to , but it 's nowhere near as bad as a total collapse of the banking sector . 
  sorry , that video is blocked here by gema . 
  is he really the richest swede if neither he nor his money is in sweden though ? 
  i do n't disagree , but this is really more of a discussion on how to implement austerity , not whether or not to do it . 
  my point was basically , if the numbers are in the red , something has to be done to turn them black . 
  there are bad ways and good ways to balance the books but arguing about semantics is n't going to change the task at hand , to stop greece from bleeding money . 
  not unexpected of course . 
  while many greeks that voted ` no ' might have thought that it was not a referendum on whether to stay in the eurozone , for all intents and purposes it was . 
  i do n't see how they can stay in the eurozone without accepting the deal that was previously on the table , or a new one just like it . 
  because ikea has n't been a swedish company since the ' 80 's . 
  basically , from 1968 and forward sweden was becoming more and more leftist and implemented many business unfriendly reforms . 
  taxes were at an all time high , where an infamous example being author astrid lindgren paying 102 % marginal income tax . 
  the government was also heavily collaborating with trade unions and becoming more involved with industry , and through their intervention worsened the shipyard crisis and effectively killed off the swedish shipyard industry . 
  trade unions were incredibly powerful and the textile industry was also killed off due to the rising wage costs . 
  during this time the first steps towards the infamous * employee funds * were undertaken , where company profits were to be used to buy stocks in companies and turn the control over to trade unions , essentially nationalising industries . 
  this was one of the biggest examples of how business unfriendly sweden was becoming . 
  these funds were studied by the italian communist party but even they decided they were too extreme to be implemented . 
  these funds were a controversial topic in sweden , and created a great schism between industry and the ruling socialist party . 
  kamprad , together with other industrialist families such as person ( h&m ) and rausing ( tetra pak ) , threatened to leave sweden if they were implemented . 
  since they were implemented anyway , kamprad and the others had no choice but to pack up and leave . 
  kamprad moved the company to the netherlands in 1982 , himself having lived in switzerland since 1976 . 
  remove gyros from the premises, 
  why would n't they ? 
  han is easily the coolest guy in the entire trilogy . 
  i agree with you , but many people in this subreddit will not . 
  they see austerity as something evil that germany has pushed on greece as punishment . 
  what they do n't see is that greece had a massive amount of expensive debt to private lenders that the evil * troika * replaced with imf credit to sub-market rates , essentially subsidised loans . 
  greece is also covering up their deficit with further emergency credit , again at sub-market rates . 
  austerity here is just a consequence of not having enough tax revenue to cover your expenses . 
  if you ca n't close that gap by increasing your tax revenue and lowering expenses ( which is what the * troika * wants from greece that the greeks rejected in the referendum ) , then how else are you supposed to close it ? 
  by borrowing further ? 
  who is going to lend you that money when you seemingly do n't have any intention of paying back the money you already have borrowed ? 
  if not borrowing , is the eu and/or the eurozone supposed to just give you that money ? 
  that 's one thing that the eu and ez were never designed to do . 
  it 's not a fiscal transfer union . 
  you could argue that is should have been , but this is a change that needs to come from all the member states and should n't affect this situation retro-actively . 
  you ca n't change the rules of the game mid-play . 
  i understand that austerity is not always the solution , and deficit spending in a recession could be one way to lessen the blow from it but that requires credit . 
  if your credit rating is basically zero , you do n't really have any realistic chance of getting that credit and asking other member states to spend their money on your deficit is asking poorer eastern european countries to subsidise a greek standard of living . 
  this has to stop . 
  we ca n't just keep adding gr - to the beginning of every word . 
  it 's not a grefix !,
