i hope you are being sarcastic . 
  sweden has one of the least successful integration policies in europe and the system is under high stress as it is with an ever increasing yearly number of immigrants for a long time . 
  [ i 'm not racist , i hate almost everyone ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pxysibk.jpg ), 
  the kingdom formerly known as united . 
  it 's german , you pleb . 
  i have no strong feelings one way or the other . 
  these statistics are a bit misleading , at least for sweden . 
  arguably , no one is paying market price for renting a flat , since the renting market is heavily regulated with heavy price control . 
  basically , it 's against the law to rent a flat out for any price higher than what is deemed market price ( ironic ) . 
  this is the main reason it 's more or less impossible to find a flat to rent in stockholm or any other major city without queueing for several years . 
  if you want a place to live , you have to buy . 
  we geats will never bow to the dirty swedes . 
  independence for ostrogothia !, 
  it appears to be located just outside district xii . 
  tell me , who was this year 's tribute to the annual hungary games ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  feminism is a leftist ideology . 
  that 's like saying that it 's too bad that the nazis are far-right . 
  it 's roughly split three ways , where one third has a permanent speed limit , one third has a conditional speed limit and one third is limitless . 
  the more i hear about this hitler fellow , the less i like him . 
  norway does have a lot of empty space , but most of that is mountainous with narrow roads . 
  it 's so that you can inspect it for worms and other anomalies . 
  the proper english term for `` norden '' is `` the nordic countries '' . 
  now i 'm not saying silvia has had a lot of plastic surgery but if she get 's another facelift she 'll end up with a goatee . 
  it 's more that there are few jobs appropriate for their skill sets to begin with . 
  just remember to never pronounce the consonants and you 'll be fine . 
  edit : here is a helpful video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk, 
  in a sense , yes . 
  our ludicrously high immigration rate means we have a large group of people with little to no relevant education or work experience competing for low wage jobs that do not really exist in a country with high minimum labour costs . 
  personally , i prefer svorak . 
  scarlet is danish , so that does n't make much sense . 
  i 'm not a native german , but i do agree that while english is the black sheep of the germanic language family , it 's still more closely related to other germanic languages then say french . 
  however , that does not explain why native speaker of uralic and slavic languages are much more proficient than those of several romance languages . 
  yes , i watch qi too . 
  to be fair , russia is the opposite of the spanish inquisition in sweden , everyone has been expecting an invasion for the last 200 years . 
  any day now . 
   you posted 5 months ago , about being in lisbon . 
  today you are claiming you were able to communicate in lisbon only using spanish , rather than english . 
  what is so hard to believe about this ? 
  are you claiming that portuguese have great english skills ? 
  or are you denying that any of them would speak spanish ? 
   a ) you were full of shit 5 months ago , and post frequently about stuff you haven \u00b4 t done , in some kind of imagined life . 
  this is particularly relevant regarding recent news about the arrest of that troll . 
  do you realize how ridiculous you sound ? 
  why would i make shit like that up ? 
  for that sweet 2 comment karma ? 
  better put add an extra layer of tinfoil , i do n't think whatever you 're wearing now is enough . 
   b ) maybe you were in lisbon 5 months ago . 
  and now are making up shit to `` win '' some sort of internet argument . 
  which is not even an argument . 
  more an attack , from your point of view , on the country of somebody who pointed out to you a different perspective . 
  well technically i was in lisbon almost a year ago . 
  i made the post about the marathon event 5 months ago . 
  in what way am i attacking you ? 
  i 'm just saying that i was n't able to communicate very well with the portuguese when i was there . 
  maybe i just happened to meet the wrong people , but after rummaging my brain i was only able to recall three people i met that spoke english : 1 . 
  the landlady of the apartment we rented ( working with tourists makes it kind of necessary to learn languages ) 2 . 
  the waiter at a nepalese restaurant ( immigrant from nepal ) . 
  a portuguese man that helped us translate a dispute with a taxi driver ( which in turn was caused by communication issues ) . 
  yes , i lied about going to lisbon . 
  i was even so meticulous about planning this lie that i posted about it 5 months ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/running/comments/3012ym/rock_and_roll_marathon_series/cpoutqs you never know when you have to lie about going to lisbon , so better create a fake post now so you seem credible when you get caught . 
  i was in lisbon with some friends , speaking five languages between us ( swedish , english , german , french , spanish ) . 
  the only language we had some success with was spanish , and even that was so-so . 
  i think we met maybe three or four people that were able to speak any english . 
  i would n't consider speaking your own and maybe your neighbour 's language to have language skills , especially not considering the similarity between the languages . 
  i do n't have to stick to my own country , because there are plenty of places i can go where people speak the lingua franca of the modern age . 
  sadly , portugal is n't one of them . 
  so why does france have the lowest english proficiency in the eu ? 
  if everyone agrees that they should learn english , why do n't they ? 
   you are actually not entitled to be able to communicate with everybody in the world . 
  you are not entitled to be able to understand or navigate a foreign country . 
  that is the definition of foreigner . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm entitled to anything , but it would definitely improve my opinion of a country if they could accommodate me or other foreigners . 
  i must say that my opinion of portugal was definitely diminished due to the lack of language skills of the locals when i was there . 
   the same way , you are entitled to expect to not need to use other languages than german in your country and for all foreigners to make a reasonable effort at communicating with it - the longer the stay , the better the effort must be no , i do n't expect any foreigner that happens to be in germany to speak german , especially not if they 're just visiting . 
  germans are in general quite good at english , but even if they do n't speak the language , at least they do n't have the antagonistic attitude of the french . 
   basically , yes . 
  you 're the one coming to visit and there is not a single reason that could force anyone to learn the language you consider necessary . 
  if you do n't want to come because you fear you wo n't be understood , that 's your problem , not the average joe 's i 'm not trying to force anyone to do anything , i 'm just disappointed that the french are so uninterested in what the outside world has to offer . 
  learning the lingua franca is a way of integrating into the european community and showing at least some interest in meeting others in the middle . 
  just staying in your country and demanding that everyone else adapt to you is a great way of creating hostility . 
  why do you think everyone else consider the french to be arrogant ? 
  it 's because of arrogance like this . 
   secondly , nobody 's pissy about the language of choice being english , we 're not that petty . 
  that 's just you projecting your frustration . 
  we 're just interested in our cultural independance really . 
  so i 'm supposed to learn a fourth language because the french refuse to learn a second ? 
  and then a fifth if i want to visit another country ? 
  if you relocate somewhere , i definitely think you should learn the language , but a tourist too ? 
  there are more than twenty major languages in europe , and hundreds in total . 
  you ca n't expect people to learn every language there is if they want to leave their native country . 
  it makes much more sense if people learn a lingua franca , because this means that people only have to learn one additional language and they will be able to speak with many others . 
  i do n't think the french are against this idea , they 're just being pissy that the language of choice is n't french . 
  maybe they heard the austrians speak `` german '' and decided to keep going . 
  northern europe ! = nordic . 
  i 've subbed for years , but that does n't mean that i read every single thread . 
  if you look it in just this thread , you can clearly see that there are plenty of people like me . 
  i do n't have any hurt feelings about english being beneath french . 
  english is n't my native language and i do n't hold any patriotic feelings towards it or any other language . 
  i just get annoyed by the arrogance of dclauzel and others who follow him , who ca n't seem to understand that french is a minuscule language on reddit .
