  * furiously taking notes * . 
  hidden artillery emplacements ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  in a mountain ? 
  there 's so many of them though . 
  where ? 
  which ones ? 
  what !? 
  how can this even be allowed as it is ? 
  in sweden , like other scandinavian countries or the netherlands , english does play a larger role in society than it does in france or many other european nations . 
  arguably , english has the status of a second language rather than a foreign language , and many aspects of society are strictly in english , like many professions and most pop culture . 
  there are just so many opportunities to use and improve your english , and a huge disadvantage if you do n't speak english well . 
  i take it you live in stockholm or some other major city ? 
  much of sweden is after all pretty rural , where detached housing is the norm . 
   some other countries, 
  i 'm more surprised someone was able to capture three fairly attractive english women on the same photo . 
  sweden is a third world country . 
  swedes will suffer for this . 
  sure it is , it comes right after \u00e4 . 
  it 's * bj\u00f6rn * , you fucking pleb . 
  pronounced the way it 's spelled . 
   krone yeah , why bother actually researching what the currency is called ? 
  `` german '' speaking . 
  / u/dclauzel does n't remove posts that are low quality , he removes posts that do n't fit his agenda . 
  so , what languages do \u00d6land , gotland and \u00c5land speak in this map ? 
  do the french read from right to left ? 
  i 'm not saying we should ban cars tomorrow , but / u/yeoldespymaster was implying that the only possible options would be cars or bicycles and i was trying to point out that there are alternatives . 
  public transportation might be shitty in many places now , but examples like japan shows that it can be done well . 
  that 's where public transportation comes into play . 
  you can hardly call it the popular vote when about a quarter of the able population is voting for her . 
  which is exactly the opposite of what i 'm trying to say . 
  nothing is quite as simple as the way you 're trying to put it . 
  there are plenty of things that go on behind closed doors that society feels they should intervene on . 
  live and let live is n't exactly how society works anymore , if it ever did . 
  and i would n't exactly classify gay marriage as a private affair between two adults . 
  it has always been about the societal implications of it , that they want a marriage between two men or two women to carry the same weight as the marriage between a man and a woman . 
  maybe it should , i 'm not arguing about that , but that is still a societal change . 
  but sure , you 're right and anyone that has a different opinion is wrong . 
  that 's the thing though , there is n't really a simple definition of things like equality , fairness or justice . 
  regardless of how one feels about the particular case of gay marriage , i think its important to acknowledge that both sides feel that what they 're doing is right . 
  you just do yourself a disservice if you reduce your opponents to moustache twirling villains . 
  well in the past it has been things like : 1 . 
  rebate on membership fees 2 . 
  eurozone opt-out 3 . 
  schengen area opt-out 4 . 
  derogation from european units of measurement directives after the failed uk metrication process those are just the things of the top of my head . 
  for a country that is used to getting special treatment , not getting it would be akin to getting shitty treatment . 
  finnish mongols . 
  does n't necessarily have to be muslim , there are lots of christians from the balkans and syria that are also labeled turks . 
  it 's also not used for sub-saharan muslims either , those would fall under the * negro * umbrella . 
  greece : no , germany , i do n't just sleep all day . 
  narrator : actually , greece was so upset at germany that she tried meditating to calm herself but ended up taking a two-hour angry nap . 
  rebelling against their parent is only natural : [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1ee7slv.jpg ), 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's only a holiday in bavaria and the saarland here in germany . 
  i think other germans do n't like to assume . 
  i 'm a bit confused though , why are we waiting on jack whitehall to be ready for talks ? 
  ca n't we do this without him ? 
   the uploader has not made this video available in your country . 
  no , there was one government that ceased to be , that of the german democratic republic , commonly known as east germany . 
  the federal republic of germany , commonly known as west germany , absorbed all of east germany , and added those areas , together with west berlin as six new states ( bundesl\u00e4nder ) . 
  germany of today is still a direct continuation of the state formed in 1948 , not a successor state . 
  besides , that 's beside the point . 
  my comment was just a joke about the fact that a lot of people are still seemingly unaware that czechoslovakia is no longer a thing . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  for the last fucking time , roman , i do n't want to go bowling !, 
  duh , the obvious correct answer is czechoslovakia . 
  i 'm just pointing ut the irony in mostly addressing other europeans and using a unit of measurement not used by any of them . 
   22 mile stretch of water . 
  a what ? 
  i do n't know who they asked , but spanish really is n't a very useful language to learn as a swede . 
  the obvious second language to learn is german . 
  it 's not very difficult for a swede to get a decent grasp of , since it has a large shared vocabulary , lots of similar idiomatic expressions , similar spelling and very few new phonemes . 
  a swede can speak written german with minimal training and the only real hurdle is grammar . 
  it 's the largest native language of the eu and one of three working languages of eu institutions . 
  it 's the native language of sweden 's biggest business partner on both export and import ( germany ) , whereas spain is only marginally bigger than austria . 
  during the summer time the country is literally crawling with germans and germans have a very positive view of sweden , whereas most native spanish speakers can hardly tell sweden from switzerland . 
  i wonder how the rest of the eu would vote on romania remaining in the eu . 
  wow , that really is an a1 product . 
  literature , like peace , is a bit different from the actual science prizes though . 
  literature is a lot more subjective than physics , chemistry or medicine . 
  it 's also the prise that has been the most criticized for various biases . 
  and in the hundred odd years that the nobel prize has existed , who has been at the forefront of research ? 
  asia is massively underdeveloped in comparison to sweden and is only very recently starting to catch up . 
  how many elements have been discovered by asian scientists ? 
  sweden has 19 , equal to germany and second only to the uk . 
   how do they think people live in places where there is a free renting market ? 
  i think they do n't really think much about it or know of it . 
  the swedish housing market is a heavily regulated affair . 
  basically , the entire country is under rent control , and the rents are effectively set by a government entity . 
  rents that make it unprofitable , together with some of the strictest building codes in the world and building permits that almost anyone living in the same city can veto means that very few apartments get built . 
  it 's a classic case of undersupply by means of government regulations . 
  most swedes are still against a free renting market though , because they believe that if rents were set to what people were willing to pay , then no one would be able to afford to live anywhere . 
  none of those are real germans . 
  that 's not how exchange programs work . 
  universities partner up within the program and allocate spots for each others ' students . 
  i think the amount of students is symmetrical , so the amount or students uni a get to send to uni b is the same as b to a. 
  either way , in my experience they 're very few . 
  my univeristy had no agreement for more than three students and most were for one or two students . 
  now , if all spots went fully used , there would be symmetry . 
  at least for my university , a majority of the spots went unused .
