  saying that germany alone started wwi is at best a historically ignorant statement and at worst nothing more than anti-german propaganda . 
  sure , germany did it 's fair share of arms racing and war advocacy , but no more than any other participating great power . 
  the british empire , france , russia , austria-hungary and germany all wanted the war or felt it unavoidable . 
  they all believed it would be a short war , that they would easily win and that they could accomplish their goals . 
  germany backing austria-hungary did n't cause the war any more than the triple entente between the uk , france and russia did , it was just a happen-stance . 
  had the alliances looked different but with the same tension that existed in europe 1914 , there would have been a war none the less . 
  it might not have broken out through the assassination of franz ferdinand , but wwi was largely unavoidable at the time . 
  neither helmut nor willy where leaders of europe , they were leaders of germany . 
  and what would this program invest in ? 
  if this is supposed to be a business investment , there has to be businesses with growth potential to actually invest in . 
  otherwise it 's just charity . 
  unless someone figures out how to run an suv on olive oil , you 're not going to see any american intervention in greece . 
  the difference between greece and postbellum germany and japan is that there is no industry to kick-start . 
  germany and japan were both heavily industrialised countries with factories , intellectual properties and a trained workforce . 
  there was war damage , shortages and a whole lot of problems , but what they lacked most was capital . 
  that 's why an injection of foreign capital worked so well . 
  what would a greek marshall plan accomplish ? 
  knowing the germans , sch\u00e4uble could have been going for a controversial haircut not defined in the din , perhaps a vokuhila , which would have been vetoed by merkel . 
  mp are like watermelons : green on the outside , red on the inside . 
  tsipras has created his master plan with a little bit of help from jack donaghy . 
  i 've never claimed to have the answers as to why greece has the employment rate it has , and i resent your implication that i 'd call the lazy . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that the statistics you quoted will not portray an accurate picture of neither germany nor greece . 
  therefore i do n't think it 's applicable to determine whether greeks live an easy-going mediterranean lifestyle or not . 
  i 'm saying that quoting that particular piece of statistics is a misrepresentation . 
  do n't try to put words in my mouth . 
  the average greek worker with a job works more hours per year , but a much larger percentage of german workforce is employed , including a lot of part-time employment that lowers the average . 
  the average greek will work fewer hours per year and with early retirement ages , will work fewer hours in a lifetime . 
  i would agree that the common use of the word has changed , but i would n't call it an economic distinction . 
  it 's not used by politicians or economists , they use different or more specific terms , like developing country or bric . 
  i mostly hear `` third world country '' hurled as an insult towards developed and developing countries alike , mostly from laymen with little to no understanding of politics or economics . 
  i 'm not advocating to return to its former usage , because that is no longer an applicable situation , but i also would n't encourage its current usage . 
  just like the word idiot lost its status as a proper medical term , `` third world country '' has lost its credibility to properly describe a country , be it on political or economic terms . 
  i know that the term third world has commonly been used interchangeably with developing country , but that is more due to confusion of what the term really means . 
  i 've never heard of anyone using it as ranking system , especially not in business textbooks . 
  misappropriating a term is not the same as seeing something from an economic perspective , it 's just using a term incorrectly . 
  i 'm not trying to argue that the third world theory makes sense since the fall of the ussr and the subsequent collapse of the comecon , because the world is just not that divided any more . 
  trying to impose a new meaning on old terms , especially without broad support , is just a recipe for confusion . 
  the reason people would laugh when you mention finland , sweden or switzerland as third world countries is because they do n't know what the term really means and they gain a false sense of superiority . 
  it 's similar to people laughing at an anthropologist because he said homo erectus , thinking it means gay boner . 
  this is going to sound pedantic , but the terms first , second and third world are not so much rankings , as they are describing political blocks of countries . 
  the first world referred to the us and its nato allies . 
  the second world was the soviet union and its warsaw pact allies . 
  they were referred to as different worlds , because from the perspective of trade , diplomacy or tourism , they might as well have been on different planets . 
  the third world refers to neutral countries , that were part of neither military alliance and often traded with both worlds . 
  many of these were developing , which is probably why the term has come to mean developing country , but some other third world countries include sweden , finland , ireland and switzerland . 
  i hate them . 
  stupid french draining my bandwidth !, 
  yes , you can have a bmi that is in the overweight or obese range and not be either , but that is a fairly small percentage of the population , such as body builders and the like . 
  a bmi value has an accuracy of roughly 95 % ( correlation to body fat percentage ) , but most of the erroneus readings are `` skinny fats '' , that are overweight but with such low muscle mass that their bmi is below 25 . 
  if you really want an accurate reading you should get a body fat measurement ( there are various methods with various accuracy ) . 
  i am a bit curious as to why you would use an inch measurement for your waist . 
  is this something that you 've measured yourself or do you simple wear jeans with a size 30 waist ? 
  if the latter , you should keep in mind that vanity sizing is a common procedure , and most jeans with a size 30 waist are a few inches larger . 
  your 30 inch waist might actually be 32-34 inches when measured with a tape measure . 
  also , a 30 inch waist is not very large , but you are also very short . 
  you should really not be comparing your waist size with someone that is 20 cm taller than you . 
  soviet style renting regulations . 
  no one is allowed to build anything , and if they do they 're not allowed to charge market rent for it . 
  no denmark = better europe . 
  when i need to make a decision , i often think about what would be best for denmark , and then i do the opposite . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  of course none of the western allies were that bad really , at least not when they 're contrasted by stalin . 
  i do n't really think that saying that brits like going to spain is a broad statement really . 
  it 's supported by facts ( 16m visits per year ) . 
  i never claimed that . 
  read this exchange for clarification : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31zpha/spanish_couple_viciously_attacked_in_york_for/cq7jjkx, 
  technically , my flair says `` swede in germany '' . 
  not to mention unpaid forced labor of german civilians and military personnel after the war , by both the western allies and ussr . 
   that is exactly what you said . 
  you conflated the attitude of a handful of violent thugs with `` british people '' in general . 
  in actual fact , most british people are shocked and embarrassed by what happened in york , and actually stunned that it would happen in york of all places at all . 
  i never said that the actions of these people were representative of british people , i just pointed out that they were british and seemingly upset about visiting spaniards . 
   and now you 're being ignorant all over again . 
  over 1.8 million spanish tourists visit the uk every year . 
  rather more than `` a few dozen '' . 
  of course i know that more than a few dozen spaniards visit the uk , i was exaggerating to make a point . 
  since you seemingly have a problem with understanding people on the internet , let me explain my original comment . 
  lot 's of british people live in or visit spain every year , to the point where there are many towns in spain that are more or less entirely consisting of retired or vacationing brits . 
  you are more likely to find a restaurant serving fish 'n' chips than paella in these places . 
  it 's one of the most popular destinations for british people to vacation , and brits are one of the largest group of foreigners in spain . 
  many locals are somewhat upset or resentful about this . 
  spaniards visit the uk , but not to the same extent as the opposite . 
  you quoted a number of 1.8 m spaniards in the uk per year , whereas i found a number of 16m britons in spain per year . 
  the juxtaposition of these two facts causes a situational irony , where you would more likely expect a xenophobic attack on brits in spain than the opposite . 
  a situation where brits complain about spanish tourists is like a mexican complaining about americans coming to steal their jobs or germans complaining about italians being stoical and bureaucratic . 
  i never said that . 
  i just found it ironic , since spain is generally full with brits either on vacation or on a semi-permanent basis . 
  then one of the few dozen or so spaniards that visit the uk get 's jumped for being foreign . 
  i 'm sorry about that , but the swedes come with the oil . 
  we 're kind of like americans in that way . 
  nope . 
  i am not jesus either . 
  atheism is not believing in a god , there is literally no other meaning to it like the one you 're trying to append to it . 
  if you are n't actively believing in ( a ) god , you are by definition an atheist . 
  i was n't confused about the sign , i was confused about you first doing a not equal sign and then writing the word `` equal '' afterwords . 
  hence not equal equal . 
  does anyone else see the irony in british people being upset over foreigners , especially spanish , visiting as tourists ? 
  not equal equal ? 
  it 's a backronym , the word chav is probably introduced to english from the romani word chavi , meaning child . 
  it 's also used as early as 1860 , which would predate council housing as a concept .
