  no one cook books . 
  only dream of one day cook potato . 
  austria fought alongside germany in both wars , as the austro-hungarian empire in wwi and as part of germany in wwii . 
  the austrians are good at misdirecting people from this fact however . 
  what 's the point ? 
  this is an english language subreddit and if every post is to be posted in 2 + languages it will take up twice the screen space and take much longer to write . 
  dclauzel is just a delusional frenchman that ca n't accept that france is no longer the greatest power in europe and that french is no longer a widely spoken language . 
  just because you 're not aware of it , does n't mean you 're not being sexually harassed . 
  i think you 'll find that the two are highly related . 
  i ca n't say , i really do n't know much about canada . 
  you have to live in the middle of nowhere with nothing to do for fun or work . 
  sweden has a soviet style renting market , where rents are set by the government to reflect the `` utility value '' of the housing and not market price , i.e. 
  what people are willing to pay for it . 
  with very strict building codes and very expensive construction workers , this has led to a situation where it 's virtually no incentive to build for the renters market , since there are no profits to be made . 
  in the past , this was partly remedied by heavy government subsidies that created the concrete ghettos that surround most swedish cities and towns , but ultimately did n't solve the housing problems in the larger cities . 
  i suggest ada . 
  it would be a terrible hassle to speak , and you would n't be able to express any idea that originated later than 1980 , but it would be very easy to read and understand . 
  i , for one , welcome our new german overlords . 
  bears are a russian minority . 
  or it could be the same weapons used to keep the people at bay , should they rise up against their dictator . 
  where do you think regimes that were ousted in arab spring bought their weapons ? 
  no one burns albums anymore , the just download them directly to their mp3-players . 
  i hate these filthy neutrals !, 
  with enemies you know where they stand , but with neutrals ? 
  who knows !? 
  it sickens me . 
  `` harmonising '' wages would be a terrible idea . 
  this has been tried in sweden during the more heavily socialist era , where trade unions used to negotiate wages centrally with little or no possibility of deviation of set wages . 
  this had a terrible effect , where the cost of living for the workers and the cost of doing business were not taken into account . 
  it mostly meant that the less productive companies in rural an areas were forced out of business because they could n't afford to pay their workers and companies in urban areas where costs where higher were essentially underpaid . 
  these policies have been abandoned since the '80s but the effect is still felt in many small towns in sweden that lost most or all of their former industries . 
  there is an article about it on swedish wikipedia , you could try google translate if you 're interested . 
  meanwhile , male genital mutilation is legal in practically the entire world . 
  would this affect those of us fortunate enough to not be british citizens ? 
  from the article it would seem that this is reserved for citizens of the respective countries . 
  i would n't mind if australia , canada and new zealand joined the freedom of movement in the eu , but i do n't think they 'd be interested in that . 
  sorry , i misspoke . 
  the market forces represent the wills of the people , but not necessarily the will of the majority . 
  the majority might be against something that a large minority wants , like open stores or imported food . 
  the thing about deregulating the market does n't mean that the shop has to be open , only that the shop is allowed to be open . 
  the market forces you talk about represent the will of the majority of the people , so if they want to be able to shop on sundays , who are politicians to say that they are n't allowed to ? 
  there are lots of things that shops and other businesses have to do by law or by common practice that are a net loss for the store , but they do add value to the shopper . 
  convenient opening hours are just one more of those things . 
   this is not the case in norway , at least , where 58 % in a recent poll were against opening stores on sundays . 
  well , what can i say ? 
  norway is full of government regulations and protectionism that have large support from the populace but that does n't mean that they make much sense ( fishing rights , trade barries/farm subsidies on many food items , vinmonopolet etc ), 
  not necessarily . 
  a shop that is open on sundays would probably make more sales in total , even if other shops are open as well . 
  besides , shops are a type of business where efficiency is n't the most important factor . 
  if you want the highest possible utilization of your workers , the store should have even shorter opening hours than just closed on sundays . 
  the fact is that customers value the convenience of liberal opening hours and do n't mind that the stores do n't have the highest efficiency . 
  or you can just close the shops all days , and no one will ever have to work . 
  most of the people that work in shops in sweden are young people that are thrilled to be making twice the hourly wage on sundays . 
  shops being open on sundays tend to hire more workers to cover the increased hours , it 's not like all workers have to work every hour the store is open . 
  as for the other 80 hours of the week , many people have a really busy schedule during the week , which means that saturdays is really the only day you can go shopping without feeling stressed . 
  `` basically public '' is a huge generalisation . 
  allemansr\u00e4tten means you are allowed to go as you want in forested ( unpopulated ) areas . 
  i think the limit in the law is 70 meters from a residence . 
  the law says you are allowed to stay for 24 hours , provided you clean up after yourself . 
  this law has nothing to do with the gypsies . 
  they ca n't be removed due to bureaucracy , where they need to be identified to be evicted and they can just move their trash a few meters and a new eviction process has to be started . 
  you know all the beggars that have been flooding sweden for the last few years ? 
  the ones that are called eu-migrants in newspeak ? 
  they do nothing productive for society , they sit outside every place of business in all of sweden and beg for money with a fake sad story . 
  they live like trash in camps built out of trash on other people 's land , but because the swedes are too impotent when it comes to evicting them , they are allowed to stay in their illegal camps . 
  they use up tons of resources available in municipalities that are supposed to go to homeless swedes . 
  they steal and commit burglaries . 
  those people are more or less 100 % gypsies . 
  ah , so you 're one of them . 
  if you 're going to make comparisons with german cities , you might want to use cities that actually exist . 
  they 're not imaginary , some dutchmen built them to spite the eu . 
  if you 're trying to provoke a war , you 're doing a fine job . 
  `` accidentally . '', 
  i 've used this tactic in civilization myself . 
  i plop down my citadel and voil\u00e0 , looks like these hexes belong to me now . 
  i find it strange that an italian would flip out over that . 
  i 've found that southern europeans treat traffic lights , signs and even common sense more as recommendations and not necessarily something you have to fully comply with . 
  girls are for fags, 
  like that 's going to stop anyone . 
  they 're in alphabetical order from north to south , at least in english and german . 
  best thing about finland is that you can leave . 
  i do n't think that much has changed . 
  if given the chance , i would definitely nuke denmark . 
  a lot of the fallout would land on scania , making this a win-win . 
  you really need to pick up a history book if think that is what happened . 
  you are wrong . 
  there is no way you can translate it to hardship , not even using archaic or unusual meanings if the word . 
  but why a male model ? 
  well that is a flawed argument , because both aldi and lidl are cheap in germany too . 
  the more expensive german supermarket chains like rewe and edeka are n't active in the uk . 
  because when a state with poverty , crime and corruption joins a union which practises freedom of movement , the poverty , crime and corruption makes good use of that freedom too . 
  case in point : romania and bulgaria . 
  please , offensive comments ? 
  anyone that disagrees with you is considered offensive . 
  this is n't moderation , this is just plain censorship . 
  if you do n't want to allow discourse , you can at least be open about the fact that only pro-migrant opinions are allowed . 
  now it 's just pathetic , trying to label any dissent as `` offensive '' . 
  scandinavian currency union still stronk !, 
  that 's lord patten to you , paddy . 
  yes , i am canadian , eh ?
