  why do they need so many caps ? 
  should n't it be called bremain ? 
  because they allow non-norwegians to fish . 
  it 's great for teaching gender studies . 
  not europe , no one cares . 
  i do n't see how allowing islamic schools where muslims can segregate themselves would help with that . 
  religious schools should not be allowed , because a school promoting a religious agenda ( paid for by taxes ) is a clear violation of the separation between church and state . 
  i think all countries that strive to uphold secular beliefs should want to maintain this separation . 
  if we want the education of children to be as unbiased as possible , we ca n't let a religious organisation set the agenda at schools . 
  you would n't trust mcdonald 's or mattel to run a school , so why would you trust religion ? 
  the reasonable solution would be to not allow religious schools , at the very least not tax funded ones . 
  a school is a place for learning and religion should have no say in that , except studied in social sciences . 
  erdogan declares asylum centre fire a german scare tactic for the euro 2016 . 
  it 's a direct continuation if otto von bismarck 's policy of isolating great britain . 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  you ca n't `` push the rents '' as a landlord in sweden , because the whole country is under rent control . 
  this is one of the contributing factors for the chronic housing shortage and eastern-bloc-style queuing for apartments . 
  the people working at the ikea store do n't speak any swedish though . 
  believe me , i 've tried : /, 
  what , wanting to remain in the eu ? 
  it 's not meant to be taken literally . 
  it 's more of a `` welcome to a new degree of european integration '' . 
  op is talking out of his ass . 
  you do n't get a 0.4 or 0.5 by choosing all c 's . 
  by going from last years result , the upper limit for 0.0 was 21/80 for `` quantitative '' part and 18/80 for the `` verbal '' part . 
  both of those are slightly above what you 'd get with all c 's ( statistically ) . 
  if you put down all c 's on last years test , you 'd probably get a 0.0 . 
  the test consists of 200 odd questions with 5 different answers . 
  any correct answer will award you with 1 point and a wrong answer will do nothing . 
  after all tests have been graded , the data is collected and a normalization table is created , containing the upper and lower limits ( in points ) for each of the possible grades . 
  the grades go from 2.0 ( best ) to 0.1 with intervals of 0.05 . 
  the intervals form a normal distribution around 1.0 , but i 'm not sure of what the standard deviation is . 
  due to how probabilities work , filling in all c should get you about 20 % correct answers , but that usually translates to a really low score . 
  even the worst performers tend to know at least a little bit , and they will have just as good a chance to guess on the others . 
  a test will only random answers will usually get you a score of around 0.1 or slightly higher , beating only those that arrive late or leave early , since a partially filled out test will count missing segments as 0 . 
  now , some unis in sweden never fill up some of their programmes , so it might not be impossible to become a teacher by answering all c 's , but it 's not very likely . 
  being a single parent might not be the scandal it was in the fifties and sixties , but it 's still frowned upon by large parts of society . 
  people might not condemn you for it , but a lot of people will pity you . 
  there is lot 's of research that will show that being raised by a single parent is a serious disadvantage . 
  of course , it 's hard to separate the effects of lower income and unstable relationships that come with single parenthood from the effects of not having a father or mother . 
  even so , being single would still make you ineligible for adoption in the vast majority of cases . 
  i want to reiterate that i do n't in any way condemn single parents , but we do know for a fact that in ceteris paribus , a single parent would do a worse job than two , and i do n't think they should have the same priorities in an adoption case as a heterosexual couple . 
  just because you consider homosexuality non-taboo , does n't necessarily mean you think they 'd make good parents . 
  the first one is strictly between consenting adults , but bringing a child in to the equation means that the child 's interest have to be considered as well . 
  to many people , providing a child with one of each parent trumps homosexuals wish to adopt children . 
  from my point of view , the french are the dirty foreigners . 
  almost there , the correct way would be to also give the answer in french , so that all can understand . 
  they literally seized the means of production . 
  a lot of people commenting on sweden seem to have missed the fact that there is n't a swedish localization for duolingo , which means that there is no english course for swedish speakers . 
  most swedes are n't that interested in learning other foreign languages either ( which they would have to learn through english ) , so it 's really no surprise that duolingo is more popular in the expat and immigrant communities . 
  and neither was finland in 1906 . 
  it was a grand duchy , part of the russian empire . 
  now it 's istanbul , not constantinople . 
  been a long time gone , constantinople . 
  exactly . 
  aachen was the city to be in as a holy roman emperor for 500 years . 
  the village of d\u00fcsseldorf has only had some regional importance for some 70 odd years . 
  clearly aachen is more of a capital than d\u00fcsseldorf will ever be . 
  oh yeah , how many emperors were crowned in d\u00fcsseldorf ? 
  you can buy up to 3.5 % abv in swedish supermarkets , but i would n't consider that beer . 
  you ca n't buy beer at the supermarket in sweden . 
  so you 're saying you do n't want to use amsterdam 's flag for all of holland ? 
  should be fine , [ if we invade outside of business hours ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/shortcuts/2014/feb/19/swiss-air-force-ethiopian-airlines-hijacking-office-hours ), 
  * you guys wan na fight ? 
  so you 're saying that essentially no one wanted the war , yet they all chose to escalate the july crisis to the point of war ? 
  sure , there were reasons for all nations involved not to go to war , but there were also considerable tensions and a complicated web of alliances that more or less forced the war . 
  if you want to undo world war i , you have to go a lot further back than the assassination of franz ferdinand . 
  princip was just the spark that lit the powder keg . 
  if he had n't assassinated franz ferdinand , there would still have been some kind of event that triggered a war . 
  all the plans and preparations were already there . 
  because the german system is n't officially a two chamber system . 
  the chambers form two distinct constitutional bodies not framed by a comprehensive institution . 
  the bundesrat is also different from other upper chambers in that they represent the state governments , not the states , and the representatives are literally members of the state government , headed by their minister-president . 
  do n't you have separation of church and state in greece ? 
  there most likely are for textiles or bed products in general , just not a separate regulation for pillows . 
  next you 'll tell us there is n't even a * herrenhaus * anymore . 
  would n't you like to find out ? 
  it was great , you got a choice of either hammer and sickle or gulag . 
  the majority of male genital mutilation in europe is for religious reasons . 
  you will hardly find anyone in europe that is cut and not either a jew or muslim . 
  they serve a purpose and that purpose is not to be decorative . 
  i could agree that they 're a bit boring , but they have a charm in their simplicity . 
  i 'd rather drive around with a discrete identifier than half a political manifesto like in the us . 
  the us plates are much taller than they need to be and half the space of the license plate is taken up by other things than the number itself . 
  since when are license plates supposed to amuse you ? 
  us plates are oversized and the colour choices and non-uniformity makes text recognition for both humans and machines more difficult . 
  je pense , il y a beaucoup plus de immigrants anglophone que francophone . 
  the problem is n't so much the pound , but rather what is going to happen to tuition fees , student visas and the erasmus programme . 
  my point was that it 's never `` the cons '' . 
  there is a short name for the conservative party , and it 's tory . 
  general election election ? 
  the elections will continue until morale improves . 
  well if the yanks are building one , we need one as well . 
  we do n't want to end up with a death star gap . 
  i thought turkmenistan had the cleanest prostitutes in the region , closely followed by kazakhstan . 
  its greatest extent * so far * . 
  sure , it 's technically a correct translation of your sentence , but not what you meant . 
  * think * can mean many things , expressing thought , belief or opinion . 
  these are all the same verb in english , but not in swedish . 
  what you wrote literally means * it is my opinion that you 're swedish * which does n't make much sense , because what you meant was * i believe you 're swedish * .
