ah , fair enough . 
  i get you now . 
  what ? 
  he 's a reality tv star and a celebrity , that has nothing to do one 's ability to run a country . 
  alright , makes more sense to me now , thanks for the responses !, 
  i see , so in the end , bilateral-ism is the only way for the catalan government to realistically do anything in regards to independence , but even then ... a more sensible government would do a long way to quell the fervor anyway . 
  i 've gotten the impression that its the pp and the independence movement need eachother to gain votes , rather than actually going through any drastic action , would you say that 's somewhat accurate ? 
  interesting , would you say a change of government from pp to be necessary before the entire movement dies down ? 
  no one important is actually taking him seriously right ? 
  what are the chances of them actually going through a unilateral independence ? 
  different , the uk already gave them permission the first time . 
  it 'll look much more worse than the catalan situation . 
  both , 
  sounds about right . 
  what the fuck ... 
  fair enough , but i assume most of the relevant eu countries would side with spain ( france and germany for instance , i remember merkel said she was against it ) . 
  and i 'm not sure the modern countries achieved independence like the catalans want to do it , there is no hr violation , no support from the un , and the eu has spoken against it and seem to consider it an internal problem with spain , nothing more . 
  would the catalans expel spanish institutions , and what would be the function of the catalan police during the process , what if there are spanish police in the area ? 
  would barcelona , a city that is pro-union , be allowed to stay in spain ? 
  would businesses want to continue to invest in a region that is at a huge risk to cutting itself off from the eu ? 
  will the entire catalan region stop paying taxes to the central gov ` t ? 
  is there a function in place that can facilitate that ? 
  it just seems incredibly haphazard . 
  wo n't that make international support completely impossible at that point for the catalans ? 
  come on , that 's ridiculous . 
  they would never allow them to go in the first place . 
  i 'd imagine if there ever was a day that spain would be ok with catalonia ( which does n't look to be in the near future ) catalonia will be welcomed in the eu . 
  this is regarding unilateral independence , which spain is of course against and would use its power to veto catalonia 's accession into the eu . 
  ah fair enough , i apologize . 
  not really ... if catalonia could secede while enjoying the full benefits of the eu , an organization that spain is a big part of , then there is absolutely no reason why the central gov ' t should encourage other territories to do so . 
  i imagine 18-35 would be alive and kicking today . 
  why would they though ? 
  iirc , france and italy have separatist regions as well . 
  and i doubt the eu would pressure one of the largest countries in the bloc to undermine their sovereignty , that would be madness . 
  not petty , spain would want to discourage separatism across the country . 
  catalonian independence may give other regions ( like the basque ) some ideas . 
  agreed , the populace should have a full understanding of what their decision may ultimately mean / giving time for both parties to find a compromise - if it stays the same for a longer period of time then perhaps independence would be unavoidable at that point . 
  that scenario would certainly make more sense than ultimately going it alone , that would be utter madness as well . 
  what good would a unilateral succession do ? 
  who would recognize it ? 
  what human rights ? 
  great , does that mean i can slaughter germans and russians on a whim ? 
  let me call upon my hussars !, 
  there are literally thousands of us . 
  nice . 
  ah ok , thanks for explanation !, 
  how likely is independence though at this point ? 
  now i got water all over my keyboard !, 
  the facebook one with the `` long rifle '' captioned ? 
  yeah , what the fuck . 
  so what will be the state of secularism now after this apparently botched operation ? 
  unfortunately the spanish constitution does n't allow it , even if the government wanted to grant a legal referendum . 
  there would have to be a motion in the whole of spain to be presented in order to make a legally binding referendum that would also ( although not certain ) get the recognition from the rest of europe . 
  many constitutions in europe operate like this . 
  the same thing happened in 2014 iirc , basically the unionists did n't show up and the referendum held no ground . 
  dude what the fuck ? 
  how likely is he to win anyway , disregarding polls , what 's the general sentiment like ? 
  ` kurds , basques , catalonians '' one of these is not like the others . 
  they wo n't preserve anything with the rate of hiv alone . 
  how accomplished do you feel ? 
  i hope very . 
  ehh , there 's still plenty of people who mean it literally . 
  i take your point though . 
  praying never does anything . 
  is n't it a wide belief that they are just playing brinkmanship to negotiate a better tax system for the region ? 
  and using the threat of unilateral secession as a means for both side to gain power ( pp and the catalan nationalists ) ? 
  i can wholeheartedly get behind this . 
  still wondering if he wants to respond to that . 
  i did n't know spanish nationalists are suicide bombing catalan demonstrations and catalan nationalists car bombing members of spanish parliament ... 
  how do they expect to garner support for independence if they 're meddling in another country 's borders ? 
  especially if it 's the two most important nations surrounding them . 
  well then ... 
  so you would be in support for calexit ? 
  sovereignty of a nation trumps self-determination usually , as it should be . 
  poland can into ireland !, 
  even if she becomes president , would n't the meps in france just block her to force france to leave the eu and other policies ? 
  did anyone mention donna brazil ? 
  or hillary ? 
  or anyone from the dnc ? 
  learn to read and address what the guy said , you 'd allow steve bannon to beat your mother and still find a way to blame the other party . 
  grow a spine . 
  it 's a public forum you fool . 
  how much of a favorite is he ? 
  ( like a rough estimate please ), 
  their causes become stronger ? 
  not necessarily , data correlates the rise of the movement due to economic hardships . 
  it wo n't rise farther than this , the state will just ignore them like they always do . 
  it 's not like the state is starving them or causing human rights violations . 
  the head of the regional government continuously lies about the country 's status once they leave spain/eu . 
  if the spanish government actually came forward and said directly what would happen if catalonia became independent , i can imagine there would be divisions within the camp than there is now . 
  dude , not going to lie . 
  but the xd is really giving it away . 
  this is a pretty stupid comment . 
  precisely , part b does n't even happen tomorrow , but down the line regions would point to catalonia as justification . 
  it 's also why catalonia will never be recognized in an udi . 
  what sort of precedent does this set for the eu if the 4th largest economy in the union is allowed to be broken apart ? 
  the political implications would be far reaching . 
  the regions within these countries as well will also use this a precedent , maybe not tomorrow , but certainly in the future . 
  whats the evidence that says any of these points will happen as a result of an udi ? 
  wonderful picture .
