so why is israel more of a country than palestine . 
  this is not a rhetoric question i 'm actually interested, 
  i honestly ca n't think of a monster or urban myth folklore wise . 
  there 's a castle near by where i live . 
  a white lady ghost is supposed to roam there at night , but that is pretty generic for old buildings imo . 
  e. by the way this is a really good idea for a thread , looking forward to more answers from other countries, 
  we 're white we like tea and football is the most famous sport, 
  no one is really afraid of nuclear meltdowns in germany , those who oppose it are worried about where we 're going to store the nuclear waste, 
  you ca n't link a fuckin youtube video as sources for your claims bud, 
  i bleam my phone on that one, 
  thanks mr belaruse, 
  dude you ca n't just go around and correct peoples grammar like it 's reddit, 
  that 's fucking hilarious , i knew what i am asking the next american i meet, 
  the youngest city is probably wolfsburg, 
  we have 3 of those in my village for soldiers that died in the war that come from here /, 
  no ones forcing you to watch it . 
  reality too harsh for you ? 
  seriously why should n't this be here ? 
  can anyone translate what they are saying ? 
  might wan na add maumau, 
  yes that 's why i voted for them this year, 
  i still think it 's disappointing that more than the half of my fellow germans ca n't be arsed to vote, 
  12 minutes ago at 6 pm cet, 
  turnout : 47,0 % ( 2009 : 43,3 % ) ... 
  do n't feed the troll m8, 
  yeah when you go into a cafe a lot of people order it with their piece of cake ( it 's the same with coffee ) but at home it 's usually a breakfast drink, 
   cappuccino is a breakfast drink what else is it supposed to be ? 
  oh boy this is a great idea !, 
  i do n't know what is depressing about those pictures at all ... 
  i should open up a ice cream shop in krakau ( hehe ), 
  right ? 
  if it was n't for the polish text in some pics i 'd have thought this was in the ddr, 
  i took a train to work for like 3 years straight and the worst delay in that time was about 15 minutes . 
  i think the ices are the ones that have those massive delays sometimes because local trains are usually on time . 
  french are smelly hairy frog eating surrendering monkey . 
  so do you still wipe once with paper or do you run around with a moist butt the whole time . 
  cause in theory i actually think the water technique is better it 's just how 'd you dry your butt after washing it ? 
  ok , this is made me curious how does this `` washing '' work ? 
  cdu and dr. ? 
  i want to believe . 
  fair enough . 
  how can you tell what kind of bird that is wut, 
  what bird, 
  looks like germany, 
  where the fuck did you learn dutch in austria . 
  i 'm absolutely fine with the major news but now it feels like every little bit is posted , while other posts unrelated to the crisis get buried . 
  you missed my point . 
  i think the main news about it should be posted here but right now it feels like :  `` putin takes a shit in the woods . '', 
   prime minister of france expresses concern . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/22rlwk/a_sober_look_its_time_to_stop_romanticizing/cgppvak perfect example of it . 
   yeah , a lot of textbook `` whataboutism '' examples regarding russia vs. the us in comments , in most cases aimed to change debate focus to the us , or a `` debate about the debate '' . 
  yep , those words do translate into something else in germany but not in a political context . 
  i was wrong / /, 
  germans , too . 
  ( apparat ) but geraet is more common . 
  maybe in swiss-german but i 'm pretty damn sure those words translate into a few different german words . 
  that 's actually a purely latin word, 
  yeah and it 's so impressive . 
  [ wait ... ] ( http://de.academic.ru/pictures/dewiki/83/skyline_frankfurt_am_main.jpg ), 
  what the fuck . 
  nop, 
  hermann not herman wtf, 
  you are fucking delusional . 
  who the fuck is upvoting this bullshit . 
   russians could ravage all eastern europe and the western countries would n't militarily intervene let a russian soldier put one foot into a eu or nato country and you have a war . 
  putin is mad but not that mad . 
  that would be suicide for russia . 
   the last time we rose up alone against an european threat ( the uk had only 2 millions soldiers in 1940 with a big part in the navy or in the colonies , so france was quite alone on the continent against germany ) poland disagrees . 
  haha , no sorry . 
  that video was posted a while back on reddit i think . 
  they 're a great band but i 'm more the electronic music kind of guy . 
  like i 'd bother looking that up for a bad joke, 
  really til . 
  i just remember that video where he sings with his dad in armenian . 
  kim kardashian and that guy from system of a down raising the whle gdp, 
  are you sure you did n't see city workers removing bikes that have been sitting there for too long ? 
  i 'm pretty sure where i live is the area with the most bicycles in germany and i cross the border to the netherlands with my bike quite often and it is still such a huge difference between the two countries . 
  i mean they have fucking lanes just for bicycles , the whole city planning with roads n stuff is so much better in nl it 's amazing . 
  what i really dislike about nl is their disrespect for the little red man tho . 
  nice . 
  do you live in an area where they plan to do it tho ? 
  why is everyone here disregarding the fact that nuclear power plants produce nuclear waste and that is a big environmental issue ... 
  what about nuclear waste ? 
  you are aware that the reason why germany is going to shut down reactors is not mainly because of the dangers but because we have no fucking idea where to put the nuclear waste right ? 
  i thought they were found in schwerte , a city close to dortmund ? 
  also , man i was spooked when i heard that they probably drove past my house ... 
  could that be edited ? 
  football manager, 
  they were probably expecting rubber bullets , not live ammunition . 
  norway included but no iceland/switzerland ? 
  need to have easy digestible news ? 
  fuck man just because its live commented stream doesnt make it better news or shows that they care more , they just attract people like you who want to watch newsporn where unconfirmed news get spread all around just for the sake of quotes . 
  lel i think everyone is aware that ukraine is on the european continent, 
  germany wurstebrot & leberbrot + himmel & erde it 's sausage made from blood and some kind of grain and liver , pork sausage . 
  apples mixed with potatoes ( himmel & erde translates to heaven & earth , get it ? ) . 
  instead of himmel und erde you can use sauerkraut and just potatoes , too . 
  but that seems to stereotypical to me . 
   mett or mettbr\u00f6tchen [ 2 ] is something that i find really gross . 
  i really do n't know who invented that stuff , you 're supposed to fry the minced meat , not eat it raw with raw onions ... you remove that flair right now . 
  dare to talk shit about mett with a german flair ?
