  you are what is wrong with this country, 
  interesting statement with that flag yo, 
   found signs of extraterrestrial life wut, 
  so nuclear weapons = influence ? 
  i 'd say germany is more influential than france financially and politically . 
  why is the uk seen as such a influential country ? 
  ( not a joke , i 'm really wondering , because for me it seems like they 're still living off their old glory . ), 
  the pianist is poland/france/germany / uk also no lola rennt ? 
  i 'm asking my cousin who lives in germany but works in switzerland just that right now . 
  yea ill just leave the general key here for everyone to use that will show them !, 
  oh wow thats actually pretty decent . 
  how much did one trip cost you ? 
  if you do n't wan na answer it 's fine just wondering . 
  i do n't see the problem with this ? 
  means these guys pay taxes/invest in to stuff and if it 's just building a new house or something . 
  dude i just found the site called wikipedia.org . 
  it 's like a huge encyclopedia about like everything like literally just type romania into the search box and hit the enter key on your keyboard . 
  is there actually really traditional german music from pre 1945 that still sung today ? 
  i 'm talking about the real deal german stuff not something like mein kleiner gr\u00fcner kaktus etc ? 
  living right next to border . 
  can be quite helpful . 
  ( have n't had dutch since i 'm out of school . ), 
  germany : north : they speak some strange dialect and it sounds funny , somehow smells like fish . 
  east : they speak german but it sounds not nice , somehow smells old and like communism . 
  south : the one on the bottom right are said to speak german but no one can confirm . 
  smells like sausage and beer . 
  the one on the bottom left sound german but cocky like the french . 
  smells like money . 
  west : sounds german but poor . 
  smells like old coal , drunk people and football . 
  ** rock ** indie, 
  warning electronic music . 
  neosignal ( phace & misanthrop ) german indie-label and band from hamburg germany . 
  not in the uk from what i 've heard . 
  in der tat . 
  [ rien \u00e0 d\u00e9clarer ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1528313/ ) ( nothing to declare ) a french comedy about hatred between french and belgian border guards and the effects of opening the border . 
  [ documentarian ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2554128/ ) a latvian documentary about a grumpy old lady living in a beautiful national park and the attempt of a filmmaker to get her in front of a camera . 
  that shit is realllllly good . 
  [ kiler ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htfv2nmtihq ) ( killer ) polish comedy . 
  pretty decent . 
  clicky link for full movie on yt with english subs . 
  nope . 
  that happened too but i am talking about [ this ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20140124/adac-bosses-used-rescue-helicopter-for-trips-germany ) . 
  germany is so fucking boring edition it started snowing here and some automobile club guys that own the emergency helicopters in germany also used them for private travel one even used a emergency jet for private stuff . 
  oh and some ufo over bremen turned out to be a model helicopter . 
  anyone who can think of some actual news please feel free to add but seeing that no other german has commented here it must have been a really slow week . . 
  ukraine is not fucking syria or something . 
  ah i see thanks, 
  why is that article in german on a ukrainian website ? 
  haha . 
  yeah i aint gon na feed the troll more . 
  what the fuck ? 
  this kills people you dumb fucking idiot . 
  do you want the police to kill people just because there some idiots throwing molotovs . 
  you realize there is also people just protesting there . 
  how fucking stupid can you be . 
  fucking shit you make me mad . 
  man i got ta take a shit to unrustle my jimmies from your shitpost . 
  fuck e : took a shit , feeling better now . 
  still angry at what you wrote . 
  what would happen if the police would live by the principle of eye for an eye ... dude , like really ? 
  the police looks very passive in that picture so i can just guess but it does n't look like anyone is forcing her . 
  also i love how she transforms from fat to thin in the picture . 
  it looks like shes tossing her salad infront of the cops, 
  man , what the fuck . 
  does n't work on livestreams for me on opera, 
  ukraine is on the edge of a full blown civil war if this is actually true, 
  also a tornado fighter plane crashed . 
  no one died . 
  pilots were able to eject . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ whooosh, 
  that subreddit is so bad with it strict rules . 
  also the content is horrible with always repeating jokes . 
  i would never go there . 
  saying what people want = !, 
  doing what people want, 
   alternativlos wat ? 
  just one example , before fukushima : energiewende , meh . 
  after fukushima we always wanted the energiewende and as fast as possible . 
  she 's a spineless bish who always says what the people want to hear . 
  high german is the absolute standard for conversation and everything else . 
  for example my grandparents talk platt to each other and close friends but when guests are around they only talk high german . 
  it 's spoken more in smaller villages from my experience . 
  can confirm as someone who speaks somewhat fluent platt . 
  tough there is some words that differ from place to place so it 's can be somewhat difficult to speak to someone who just lives like 20 km away from you . 
  we used to invade russia which is pretty cool . 
  i 'm wondering , how can 16 year old just get on a plane and leave the eu-zone without their parents consent ? 
  theres still rammstein u kno, 
  germans dig that asterix too . 
  my fav childhood comic !, 
  republicans, 
  this makes wuppertal even more shittier . 
  nice . 
  did . . did you just compare a concentration camp with a mall ? 
  yea but when it 's bad news , germany is the root of all evil . 
   50/50 haha, 
  well i 'm sure i would n't have learned english with that much passion watching shakespeare or something, 
  online gaming and video games in general ( gta san andreas ), 
  i 'm * working * on it , do n't worry . 
  ~ ~ get your fucking history straight .
