are your parents libertarians ? 
   well i 'm a libertarian so i hate socialism/government run economy you were n't born in 1998 were you ? 
  he is n't even european . 
  phew . 
  i still like you poland :(, 
  i do n't think nato will be going anywhere soon . 
  as far as i 'm aware , natoskepticism ( if that is a thing ) is minute and considering some of the threats outside of nato it 's better existing than not . 
  european powermint , new name guys , no need for the eu when we have the ep . 
  meh , he speaks better english than i can finnish . 
  is n't it that pao woman people complain about ? 
  how do these people end up modding so many subs ? 
  vested interests ? 
  still ca n't traverse russia in the winter with it , 
  dominion , sweet dominion :'(, 
  rip netherlands and denmark :(, 
  clay and drama in this case . 
  of course . 
  just like kongsberg in norway , 
  regardless of all the religion and politics ; constantinople is such a cooler name than istanbul . 
  my polish friend keeps telling me to drink more coffee . 
  dang polish suggestions !, 
  driving hurts my ovaries . 
  towel-reserving krauts !, 
  4 out of 5 adidases . 
  i do n't know / u/myschlongsprettylong, 
  they are both stupid . 
  stop trying to justify swedens issues as ` they tally rape differently ', 
  what the fuck, 
  no sense of honour when your country only invades and drones innocent brown people so politicians with vested interests bag a profit . 
  if they wanted that title they should n't have invaded russia . 
  i see why he won now o.o, 
  that 's all we want . 
  ireland gave us a pity vote too :d, 
  hue, 
  cyka blyat * learn to wodka . 
  i have no idea :( help, 
  you take eurovision too seriously . 
  literally the opposite of what it 's supposed to be . 
  just googled . 
  she seems kickass . 
  sweden stronk, 
  who needs eurovision when you have gulagvision / s, 
  he 's been on one too many gaming montages . 
  the russian lady hitachi wurst was talking to was crying not because russia was in the lead , but because she could n't tell conchita 's gender . 
  edit : conchita not hitachi , stupid autocorrect, 
  i liked our stupid electro swing :(, 
  shame they do n't do modern cars in the models like they used to have . 
  though i guess its all down to what 's the most efficient now . 
  but they look awesome . 
  if it makes you feel better i upvoted you :p, 
  triple language translation combo !, 
  edit : just finished watching . 
  that was ... odd, 
  you ca n't spell jesus with cyrillic afterall !, 
  did you follow the tutorial ? 
  you would have thought a name like moscow times would be pro-russian, 
  and the nuclear family, 
  * slap * `` bad dictator !, 
  no more censorship ! '', 
  * slap *, 
  yeah but at least the cars were cool / s, 
  it is n't . 
  he 's just being edgy . 
  this is so totally corrupt . 
  mister other candidate has his name on the ballot sheet twice !, 
  is this real life, 
  not sure if sarcastic or serious . 
   most news posted here are from east-european countries or the scandinavians , both pretty irrelevant in the real world . 
  ouch . 
  i 've just been going through / u/wappingite 's post history . 
  he really knows how to piss off / r/scotland, 
   they 're pathetically anti-us , pro-chinese and insanely left-wing is that the aus consensus on reddit ? 
  i 'd assume they 'd be more pro-japan/korea and anti-chinese for being more aligned to the west . 
  tigers still die if you put them in space though . 
  i hope not . 
   there is a pro-uk pressure made by the british and their loyal fans damnit chaps . 
  they got us !, 
  flee to the tardis !, 
  whose a fluffy kitty government !, 
  you are !, 
   gay culture will become something that identifies denmark and distinguishes denmark from all and everything else ( in the future ) ; we 'll all be bisexuals , people having gay sex as rituals etc etc etc ( who knows ? ), 
  why do you think that ? 
  as far as i am aware no one is actively promoting the ` gay lifestyle ' over a ` hetero lifestyle ' . 
  can you explain what exactly ? 
  germany pls, 
  back to redpill for you, 
   heterophobic lol, 
  oh i know you were being sarcastic , i was too . 
  i just know people who have such a mentality . 
  well belgium is basically a non country / s, 
  `` it 's not happening to me therefore everything is sound '' i live in a well to do neighbourhood , so obviously everyone in the country is wealthy and stuff / s, 
  he actually was n't allowed to quit as leader so he came back . . we need moar pasties to help our grief . 
  i thought the original post of this said he was estonian ? 
  the issue with the ( faux hawk ? 
  is that what the kids call it ? ), 
  is that not many people can pull it off . 
  i know if i shaved half my hair off my jawline would not make up for it !, 
   smokers , alcoholics and the morbidly obese save money . 
  not to mention tax revenue from the first two . 
  though i would like junk food to be taxed and it to be easier for people to afford healthy balanced meals .
