do you ever say something that opposes their views in public ? 
  if you never did you will never find out who is a sjw and who is n't . 
  they are normal people , just really fucked up in the head . 
  someone gets it, 
  not really . 
  you pay so much for `` defense '' because if defense did n't they would lose their budget . 
  which means a loss of jobs . 
  not to mention that the `` defense '' is mostly going to war in other countries . 
  we do n't have to be defended from shit . 
  well that 's why we should just piss them off anyway . 
  they are fucked anyhow so why should we give a shit ? 
  let 's have some fun !, 
  it 's a civil war instigated by the eu/us and russia . 
  both sides want ukraine for themselves but neither are going to let the other have it . 
  fuck the daily mail . 
  have you been to paris ? 
  or france in general ? 
  chauvinism is everywhere . 
  and you know damn well what i mean with white . 
  went to france a lot . 
  same problem there except not really noticable because french people are assholes unless they want your money . 
  and it 's not really only my town . 
  it 's rotterdam and amsterdam too . 
  generally just any place with a higher than normal concentration of them . 
  white person . 
  someone white ? 
  caucasian . 
  fine . 
  i live in a village attached as a tumor to rotterdam . 
  it 's where immigrants go to live close to the city because the houses are cheaper . 
  there is a clear divide between streets where turks live and where white people live . 
  not just in style of house but also decorations ( satellite dishes everywhere ) and who walks on the street . 
  with the turks there are always kids on the street harassing everyone passing through . 
  if you talk back they 'll call their older brother who will show up with his gangster friends to shank you . 
  they steal everything of value , beat up old people , vandalize pretty much everything not attached to someone 's property ( that 's why their streets look worse . ), 
  and they segregate themselves from anyone not also a turk . 
  unless you happen to be the only white kid in their street but that kid will turn out to be a white version of the turks . 
  they stereotype the fuck out of themselves by doing all of the above and dressing all the same . 
  they suck in school regardless if they want to succeed or not because their parents do n't know how to raise them properly . 
  how do we all know this ? 
  because their streets are still filled with those kids by 22:30 . 
  they have no guidance or instructions except for `` go outside . '', 
  my personal experience with them ? 
  some faggots on a motorscooter ( those things that go 40kmh max ) threw a milkshake in my face for no fucking reason . 
  they drove by while going 40 and threw it in my face while i was cycling in the opposite direction . 
  one tried to mug me once , i could only run because i knew his friends would be around the corner waiting in case i would retaliate . 
  i ran and indeed , there they were . 
  lot 's of fighting between the turkish kids and white kids in schools . 
  they do n't make friends with white people . 
  ever . 
  i do n't have a single positive experience with them since the day i was born . 
  and i was n't raised racist . 
  the exact opposite . 
  i became racist because of what i experienced . 
  people say `` everyone is the same ! '', 
  i do n't believe that . 
  culture is what defines us the most and turkish ( or otherwise islamic cultures like moroccans and ambonesians ) do not fit with ours . 
  i would n't be surprised if only the retarded turks emigrate to other countries . 
  who has n't ? 
  they fuck everything up . 
  any neighbourhood filling up with them turns to shit . 
  they lower house prices , loud , their kids are thugs , and they bring islam . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg of the shit they bring to the table . 
  i 'm glad they 're not . 
  should n't be in the map either . 
  as long as turkey stays out of the eu it 's all good . 
  i like the smell of rotterdam . 
  pollution and joints . 
  i went down that line because you went `` if they all die then it 's fine because that 's just evolution . '', 
  it 's not fucking fine . 
  so you purposely misread what i say because you disagree with me ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  it 's not because you disagree with me . 
  it 's because of why you disagree with me . 
  you ca n't seem to read what i write . 
  you do n't understand why tigers were killed . 
  you do n't seem to understand that humans are destructive . 
  we survive through destroying things only to destroy ourselves . 
  also 1000 years from now ? 
  extinct . 
  i think humanity will be extinct or just a husk of what it once was in about 300 years . 
  at least on earth . 
  because as stephen hawking said : we must leave earth in order to survive as a species . 
  so rather than to say `` that 's just life . '', 
  i say that 's fucking foolish and your point of view is nihilistic : `` it does n't matter that 's just how we are so let 's let it happen '' . 
  that 's a mindset that destroys everything . 
  your view on life in the long term means life on earth seizes to exist apart from microbial life . 
  something i was talking about too . 
  but you ca n't understand that . 
  also the downvotes are n't [ mine ] ( http://puu.sh/kdalm/baace9b5f4.png ) . 
  those are from people who think you 're an idiot . 
  ( seriously , you are . 
  stop emberassing yourself ), 
  i 'm gon na stop arguing now because you know nothing about this issue so it feels pointless to me . 
  i should n't have to explain that they were hunted for sport or their penis , fur , teeth . 
  i should n't have to explain * again * that they are dangerous to us because we invade their territory by cutting down all the rainforest , in which they primarily live , because we sell wood or grow hundreds of acres of oil trees in a destructive effort to make more money . 
  i should n't have to explain all of that . 
  but i have to so i will stop arguing with you . 
  it 's like i 'm arguing with a kid . 
  also the dodo 's were delicious so we killed them all .
