  there is a whole rest of the globe outside of europe , and britain will be fine outside the eu for a while . 
  what do you want people to do ? 
  we cant go against the vote , and apart from perhaps push for a softer style of brexit , there is n't much else to do . 
  how many thousands would you say ? 
  so they 're pitching this as a bunch of breakfast club style misfits coming together and becoming super heroes so the lgbt side kind of fits pretty well . 
  i would agree with you in that you do n't want something like this forced in for no reason , and in any other scenario it would be weird to bring up sexuality at all , but i can see why they did in this case . 
  i 've heard that the movie hardly touches on the sexuality and makes a vague reference to it before moving on . 
  so it kind of does exactly what you want . 
  kind of looks ironically demonic, 
  i wonder if this is a backlash to the other side of british drinking with the chugging pints and shots `` culture '' that maybe the previous generation has ? 
  `` i used to be with it , but then they changed what ` it ' was , and now what i 'm with is n't it . 
  and what 's ` it ' seems weird and scary to me . '' - britain 2016, 
  i bloody well hope not . 
  we do n't like our experts round here , just tell you what to do like they know it all !, 
  there is also a big teetotal movement here with people choosing not to drink at all these days , particularly in the over 40s from what i 've seen . 
  i think it is fair to say that attacks like these have their roots in the troubles occurring in the middle east , and are at minimum most likely inspired by the situation over there . 
  yea i think the telegraph started throwing that around yesterday . 
  a good policy with british press is to wait for the bbc to announce something , they wont be right 100 % of the time , but at least they will check , and double check any sources . 
  yes and the key word there is reasonable . 
  we can hunt down these people , and stop then whenever we can , but like car accidents , terrorism has become part of the world we live in , and whilst proportional action can be taken , we should not over react simply because it sounds scary . 
  so what you 're saying is that muslims are people too and therefore subject to extremism just like the rest of us ? 
   i 'm not asking you to be `` worried '' about being killed in a terrorist attack , but we do need to be `` worried '' about what 's causing it and whether these causes are being addressed and prevented . 
  ok this i can get behind . 
  a measured and proportional response is a fair reaction to issues like this . 
  however from what i saw yesterday the immediate security features that we have in place worked and the man was stopped within minutes . 
  2 people died and many more were injured which is of course awful , but when i see statements like ban all muslims and lock down the country , i just do n't see any sort of rational response to what is , a minor terrorism incident . 
  i feel like the western world will simply have to get used to these issues until we are able to find peace and stability in the middle east . 
  ok so this is exactly how i feel about it . 
  ok 2 people died , there worse car accidents most days here in the uk . 
  please explain to me why i should be more worried about terrorism because right now i do n't understand some of the rhetoric that people are saying here . 
  but when the vast vast vast majority of muslims in the uk dont do anything like this , it shows that simply calling out islam is not the issue . 
  it 's not about knowing it or not , the poll 's question simply asked whether you would feel comfortable with someone who is transgender leading your nation or not . 
  the way i look at it is . 
  does the simple fact that someone is transgender affect their ability to lead a country , and i think you can make arguments for both sides . 
  but here in the uk the government and particularly the bbc is trying to push forward the idea of inclusiveness to all race/gender/ethnicity etc , and i for one am all for it . 
  yes , we 've had a few great women leaders ourselves too , but we still did n't give them the vote for centuries because of the perception that they were n't smart enough . 
  my point here is , that idea that someone should n't govern simply because it is unconventional is dumb because we have seen many times that things like gender are not indicators of someones ability . 
  that 's a fair point , but could you not use the same argument for any minority ? 
  hell the idea that women could n't be politicians was once common , but that turn out to not be an issue . 
  ok interesting . 
  do you feel that being transgender affects people 's decisions that much that they could n't govern soundly ? 
  lol , i 'm just surprised i have n't been caught out before . 
  and that would certainly accommodate a chunk of the brexit vote . 
  but i the majority of the leave vote was not about nationalism and xenophobia , but more of a perception that we could do a better job on our own , and that the eu would always favor germany and france over the uk . 
  it is available on the duolingo app i believe which although does n't substitute a real course , can be a decent starting off point i feel . 
  what like some sort of mad scientist dna transfer into you 're own genome ? 
  the best thing the people of brussels could do would be to ignore it and get on with their normal lives . 
  dont give this guy anything to play with , and his talking points wont have any evidence to back him up ( not that that ever stopped him i know ), 
  they seem anti globalism , but in reality i feel brexit will force the uk to be more globally out looking now because we may not have the easy basket of europe to keep us growing . 
  lol alright time to calm down the fake news garbage . 
  i heard the same thing from the snp minister angus robertson on the guardian 's political podcast , so frankly i 'm not sure what the snp are after right now . 
  still no reason to bad mouth them for believing in something . 
  i understand the idea of fighting your corner , but in this instance you attacked first . 
  be the bigger man . 
  previous polls certainly indicated yes it would have been the same , but there is no way to know for sure . 
  i do think it is fair to have another vote in the future , and brexit is a big reason for that . 
  but i feel the government has enough problems to deal with right now , and i believe that scotland will be forced to sit patiently until politics has cooled down a little before they get another indy ref . 
  maybe , but considering we do n't know what the outcome of brexit will be it seems rather rushed to attempt to push this through right now to me . 
  but hey i 'm not scottish . 
  ok well that just helps my point but thank you i guess . 
  i think it 's a wiser move for sure . 
  the the u.k. does well outside of the eu then you can simply stay . 
  if it does poorly then no one will begrudge you leaving . 
  either way if you look at the scottish economy right now it simply ca n't support itself which would make a potentially simply transition from u.k. to eu much less likely i would assume . 
  i believe the numbers were closer to 70/30 for scotland so there is certainly a sizable number of people that got what they wanted last year . 
  and perhaps you 're right , but essentially scottish independence as it stands right now would be simply biting the hand that feeds them , hoping that another hand will come along to give it more . 
  what does scotland have to gain from this scenario ? 
  my comment was to answer the reasons why the uk government might not loose much support over denying scotland the right for another referendum just yet , not about being polite . 
  i gave my own feelings on the matter that i felt would be a legitimate argument against another indyref quite so soon , but we will have to wait and see what happens in westminster now . 
  excuse me ? 
  did you read the ballot form ? 
  no where on there did it say anything about the eu . 
  yea , they got outvoted , just like 48 % of the rest of the country . 
  it fucking sucks but if they 're going to throw a strop every time you get outvoted in something i cant see how the eu is going to help . 
  at least they 're a sizable fish in the uk . 
  they 're a tadpole in the grand schemes of the eu . 
  also is that the exact reason it failed ? 
  that seems like a bold assumption to me . 
  to be honest i do n't think it would go down too badly for the electorate at this moment in time . 
  scotland only called a referendum a few years ago and chose to stay , and the uk has enough on its plate right now with the brexit negotiations without scotland causing a huge upset as well so frankly , speaking as an englishman i would feel rather annoyed with the snp if they did try and force this through . 
  i mean the dusts has barely settled on the last indyref . 
  i understand that this can be a very emotional issue for some , but would it really hurt to wait a few more years until everything with brexit is sorted ? 
  this seems like a fair criticism though . 
  we failed to uphold our end of the bargain to investigate this issue after repeated warning . 
  i 'm just disappointed in the officials that failed to take action here . 
  hang on you ca n't simply change the argument to suit your position l , and i 'm disappointed in your attempt to do so . 
  say she is n't allowed under your rules to terminate . 
  she should be forced to undergo 9 months of pregnancy simply to abandon the child anyway . 
  my issue with this is that it does n't solve anyone 's issue . 
  the newborn is unloved and now a bourdon on the state for the next 18 years . 
  is this a life worth saving , and are you willing to pay your share of the tax bourdon that this life has now created ? 
  i am not trying to change your mind , i am simply stating my issues with your position , and i would like to understand your arguments against it . 
  ok i can understand that even if i do n't share your priorities . 
  would you be able to answer the other half of the issue though which is what if the mother does n't want the child ? 
  you would be happy to force her to carry this for months before dumping it in a social care ? 
  not according to the statistics for ireland [ link ] ( https://www.ifpa.ie/hot-topics/abortion/public-opinion ) also why should n't they be allowed to control their own bodies ? 
  being a guy i find it harder to understand pregnancy myself , but i can see what an emporiums impact it can have on a woman 's body both physically and mentally . 
  it will be one of the most traumatic acts in any woman 's life , why should n't she be able to choose that or not . 
  meh , there is n't much i can do about it , vote and hope . 
  i 'm not sure that makes a difference if i 'm honest .
