  the only part i thought we could have skipped was st patricks cathedral as it was just a bit meh compared to other cathedrals i 've visited , but we had to do something between guinness and teeling . 
  it is worth seeing temple bar but we did n't stay too much as the prices were just stupidly expensive and we found the gingerman pub to offer good food and drinks for a decent price . 
  i popped over to dublin over the weekend and it was great for a few days . 
  you seem to be going more continental though at the moment though so maybe another time . 
  meh i found london walkable enough when i went for a weekend visit , but we were making a good 13km a day while we were there . 
  it 's easy enough to understand and follow the underground instructions though so i would still recommended using it if the weather is poor or you 're feeling a bit tired . 
  hmm , i seem to be missing something then because the title says right wing , and the tories are certainly a right of center party , just not far right . 
  the conservatives would count here as well and they took i believe 36 % in the last general election . 
  if you come to nottingham be sure to check out annie 's burger shack . 
  great food great people and excellent value with a giant burger and side for less than # 15 . 
  was the whole island of ireland ever actually unified as a full irish nation before ? 
  i was lead to believe that it was more a set of separate states . 
  the vast vast vast majority of muslim immigrants are good hard working people , and they should never have been victimised as awfully as they have been by certain cowardly groups that are too scared to look in a fucking mirror to see their own true problems . 
  07.07 bombings in london were pretty huge , but it feels like brexit is going to dwarf that now , we 'll see what happens . 
  i do n't really mind it if i 'm honest , but then again there are n't many american 's that call back to their english ancestry ... why is that by the way ? 
   that 's like lying in court after being called in as a witness in a murder investigation , because your friend is the murderer . 
  you want to be associated with something like that ? 
  kind of , except lying in court is a bad thing to do morally . 
  breaking a 100 year old alliance with the largest country militarily and economically is potentially nationally suicidal if the threats are great enough . 
  all countries end up doing awful stuff , and the iraq war certainly wont go down as one of the us 's proudest moments i 'm sure , but to start sanctioning against this kind of action wont fix anything . 
  same here . 
  nashville was lovely and the people were all nice but the culture for everything felt weird . 
  particularly the streets themselves being so wide and open i felt very exposed and unsafe . 
  but they havent been arrested or anything . 
  a private company simply attempted to remove a nazi sympathizing group from it 's website . 
  they still have the right to their views , they simply do n't have the right to share those views on this website . 
  i was only thinking about this the other day but yea italy has a lot to answer for in terms of european history with both the roman empire and the renaissance . 
  of course i always knew this but never really considered that italy has probably done more than any other country to define the european experience ... thanks guys . 
  i would argue that it played a role in peace , but i also cant see any major western european power invading any other post 1945 simply due to the rebuilding effort that was needed in europe at that time . 
  i do think it helped hold off the ussr through as without nukes the post war red army could conceivably have marched through onto paris without this deterrent . 
  what are you talking about `` the old english tactic '' ? 
  historically we 've had a tiny army compared to many others in europe . 
  also the nuke situation certainly played a big role in the calming down of european powers . 
  with the us backing western europe with nuclear force the ussr would have to sacrifice an enormous amount to invade post 1945 . 
  yea but that will always happen . 
  the fixable problem is the failed economy issue . 
  hmm that would need a super majority on the democrats side to pull off i would imagine . 
  and it 'll still be easier to blame one man than it will be to blame the system . 
  not much . 
  this is just the first week , the system hasnt had time to catch up with it yet but when it does the office will rein him in . 
  theres no word on this yet but i imagine there will be visa free travel between the uk and the eu . 
  i certainly hope so at least as i would love to visit poland one day . 
  the south of the uk is technically sinking as scotland rises so give it a few million years and you may get your wish, 
  it depends on the context i suppose . 
  if someone said it as part of a joke then it 's not a problem . 
  but i 'm very against generalising large groups and i find it inappropriate to attack people like this . 
  yea that 's true that in a few places the food is a bit naff , but there are at least half a dozen small cafes that i can think of here with decent to good food and great coffee . 
  for as small of a city as nottingham that 's pretty great , and we dont have to pay crazy london prices either . 
  nottingham has had quiet a few small independent cafes open up in the last few years and it 's been great . 
  something to remember us by , 
  i actually think britain has played it fairly evenly so far . 
  we have sanctions on russia sure but we have not been talking the rhetoric as much as many others . 
  i 'm not sure they are you know . 
  they are certainly projecting power a lot these days but to what end ? 
  they have a large military sure but they are making no real friends out of what they are doing , but rather picking up a lot of sanctions against their people that have hurt russia quiet seriously . 
  and if they do ramp tensions up to a cold war level then what does that gain them ? 
  they can not go toe to toe with nato anytime soon so what does that really gain them ? 
  i cant see china backing them up in a situation like that either , not with all their figures in the west 's pies . 
  so what does this posturing really get them ? 
  ha yes i had forgotten about him . 
  i 'd probably change my answer to him actually . 
  i would probably agree with that . 
  i think we 've had our fair share of rubbish kings , but not one that has been completely disastrous . 
  new york turned out well enough , but new england is more style over substance if you ask me . 
  skin tight cat suit !!, 
  where do i sign up !, 
  ahh the old ocean night camo approach , good thinking . 
  i do n't know if pride is the right word , but i feel there might be a part of our culture that says ` if you need a job doing properly , then do it yourself ' . 
  therefore when we came up against hurdles that we could n't overcome from the eu alot of brits simply felt that the best way forward was to bypass it and manage the consequences ourselves . 
  i would actually argue that we are naturally a very unselfish country ( certainly the [ world giving index ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2010/sep/08/charitable-giving-country ) would agree ) , but we do seem to have a different mindset compared to most of the continent on certain matters . 
  really ? 
  i had not heard this about australia before , why do you feel this ? 
  i believe this is more of a response to the dnc hacks that obama warned there would be consequences too . 
  it also weakens russia 's ability to attack the us again , and strengthens the democrats position as the russian opponent . 
  i can not imagine trump 's position on russia is very popular within his party and a strong high ground for the democrats on this could help alot in 4 years time . 
  i agree somewhat that in the long run russian tensions will need to ease , but as of right now with tump coming in i can not see russia attacking back too much , and frankly until the head of the snake ( putin ) is out , i ca n't see a way of really tackling the russian problem with any permanence . 
  i have a 5-10 minute walk to work from my city centre flat . 
  pretty handy o must say . 
  in terms of hobbies i play games , gym , and swim during the summer . 
  try being british now then . 
  seems like the majority of the sub has taken brexit very personally . 
  not really ... i do n't know where this is coming from . 
  aye but we brits love a good dig at france , and you give just as good as you get . 
  whereas wars with germany have happened more recently and so joking about it feels more personal . 
  yes i lived with a spanish chap for the first year of my university life and he was lovely . 
  spoke very good english and worked very hard on his studies . 
  he became a bit quite during the end of the year as he spent a lot of time studying but he was well accepted into the group . 
  i ca n't remember where i heard this , but the fact that overly aggressive police behaviour that target black americans was discussed live on tv by the presidential candidates this year was a huge step forward for recognising a problem . 
  and thus would n't have happened without blm . 
  i do n't fully understand the spread of the issue outside of the us , but you ca n't ignore the peaceful protest movement that they are conducting . 
  good point . 
  black lives matter came out of a protest, 
  that was one time in dozens though . 
  i would say an online petition is simply a protest without matching on the street . 
  i signed the brexit one , but just to show my disagreement with the result , not to try and actually have it overturned . 
  lol dude you come across as seriously miserable . 
  most people are very friendly if you give them a chance . 
  not best man at your wedding friendly , just averagely nice folks . 
  the few americans in the service industry that i have meet tended to like it to be honest , but they were in high demand busy bars where on the biggest nights of the year they could earn up to # 1000 extra in tips . 
  i know its got a lot of downsides , but it does have upsides as well .
