  i assume most brits that frequently comment in this sub voted to remain , and are feeling even more let down by the vote than the rest of you . 
  so a bashing against them are pretty unnecessary . 
  besides that , britain has been growing more and more anti eu for decades now and very little has been done to address this . 
  we never encouraged this drift towards the untied states of europe and feared the consequences of loosing their sovereignty over their own country that they value highly , but the eu just wanted to brush this under the rug and pretend there was n't any descent . 
  well this is the consequence of that . 
  it 's not pretty , and it 's not what i wanted either , but if you ignore issues for so long then sometimes they come to bite you in the rump . 
  sure but most of that conquering came from the irish scotti tribes though , rather than the germanic invaders right ? 
  no fair , we paid for it last time, 
  we have uber in the uk , and better public transport than in the us . 
  its not back in time , its just different . 
  because it is one less thing to worry about when you get there ? 
  it 's certainly what i have just done and everyone i know picks up their euros before leaving . 
  is it before the referendum , or is it before they go on holiday ? 
  who knows , only scary headlines can tell us now . 
  i 've taught mine to sit on command . 
  tell me about it !, 
  it 's also holiday time so people will be grabbing some quick euros anyway . 
  i dont know , i have been seeing a bit of that foxyness creeping into sky news these days . 
  it was an entirely relevant point to make for the question , and was outside of the conversation of the vote itself . 
  it is also the only time that i see her talking about jo , so please avoid accusing her of being politically underhanded when she 's not . 
  maybe they can fit a hammer to it . 
  they had the most experienced professional army having only fought recently in areas like south africa , but the other big powers certainly had what we would count as professional soldiers . 
  a lot of the dregs of british society seem to be getting an unfortunate spotlight these days . 
  yes because throwing millions of untrained boys against a professional arm worked so well in ww1, 
  i feel embarrassed for my country that anyone would feel the need to travel to another country and cause this much trouble for the local people and police force . 
  they 're a disgrace to the nation and should be locked up . 
  yea but the eyes of the world were on eurovision too and nothing happened there . 
  i fear you may be right but i really hope you 're not . 
  is there a reason that an attack here is any more likely than a standard saturday club game ? 
  sure the event is bigger , but we hold hundreds of football games with big teams most weeks of the year without incident . 
  and on your passport it would just say ireland . 
  andy cole , never forget . 
  the name of the country is just ireland . 
  not republic of ireland . 
  really ? 
  have you got a source on this , i 'd love to read a little more into this . 
  one might argue that its the low margin businesses like amazon and other big multinationals that cause the majority of the problems though . 
  i was hardly going to write a dissertation was i ? 
  but i was simply asking why you had such a hard stance on immigrants ? 
  have you had some bad experiences in the past with people from other cultures before ? 
  and how far away from native do they have to go to have these rules placed on them ? 
  are europeans ok but middle easterners not for example ? 
  why ? 
  whats wrong with a mixing of culture ? 
  after all arguably the most of the greatest countries/empires in history were a formed by different cultures mixing together to form a greater whole ( e.g. 
  mongolian empire , british empire and the roman empire ), 
  islamic imergration may be a cause but i doubt it 's the only issue here , and oversimplifying an issue as serious as this wo n't fix it . 
  weird that . 
  and here i thought the consistent uk focused articles posted on this sub meant that people were upset with us for leaving the eu . 
  thanks for taking a weight off my mind about that though . 
  yea that does sound like a better shout , i just wondered after seeing these pictures whether spain would work as i like spain a lot as a whole . 
  lol that is a totally fair argument to be honest . 
  i 'm just trying to get a better perspective on issues these days and view both sides rather than just one , but i understand your point as r/europe isnt always the most inclusive of subs when it comes to right leaning points of view . 
  so nothing specific ? 
  i cant really speak for the blair years as i was a kid for the most part and didnt pay any attention to politics then . 
  but i felt the lib dems did rather well in the coalition years , and helped temper the tory 's more hardline points , this being more evident now we have the tory majority to compare directly against . 
  why do you consider labour and lib dem 's ` robbers ' ? 
  i 've actually been growing more impressed with labour 's economic policies recently . 
  they 're promise to provide free school meals for all primary kids by taxing vat on private schools sounds really good to me . 
  yea that sounds like a good solution to me . 
  not full proof , but fair . 
  wow really ?!, 
  i assumed it was much newer as it looks modern . 
  damn those romans knew how to build , my bad . 
  torys got 36 % of the vote in the last general election . 
  thats not a majority . 
  to be fair , the majority of our country does n't vote tory . 
  is that enough reason to spend what i assume is a lot of money on building one in a city that already is packed with neatness ? 
  where are you living ? 
  roads round my area are at least on par with these if not better maintained . 
  i think you 're right , but if issues of disappearing illegal immigrants is a big issue then something must be done about it . 
  we can not continue with a policy of asking kindly for them to wait until we can fly them home , especially of they are illegally here in the first place and therefore already proven to ignore rules and regulations on the subject . 
  even in mordor you still need to know the time . 
  ... why ? 
  is spain good to go camping in ? 
  there seems to be plenty of rural countryside to choose from which would be ideal . 
  what is the eu opinion on this ? 
  there are also consequences over doing nothing though . 
  if the world accepts that using chemical weapons is ok then where does it end ? 
  i do n't think it should go much further than this , but as a global society we need to say enough is enough at some point . 
  could n't agree more . 
  this is why i 'm a particular fan of the showing of support through lighting monuments throughout the world . 
  it 's a small act , but it shows that people around the world are with said people on their day of terror . 
  i dont know . 
  i can see the uk changing in the next few years as the world gets smaller and smaller , and as the new generations that have lived online their whole lives looks towards the future of the continent . 
  i dont know ... 
  i just hate the term `` fake news '' because it comes across more emotional than factual . 
  i 'd agree with you though on the results being worthless , but the numbers , however useless , unrepresentative , and crass may still be correct for what they are . 
  i do feel like this sub should be better than posting this shit on here . 
  and i have happily added my own downvote to the post . 
  is it ? 
  i get the impression it has simply dropped standards through the floor and is now more interested in flashy headlines than reporting actual news ... 
  but i would n't necessarily call if far left . 
  if it really fake news ? 
  the poll numbers might be correct , but it 's certainly not representative and is a waste of time being on this sub . 
  somewhere in newcastle i 'd imagine . 
  top bants up there, 
  literally a full time job i 'd imagine, 
  and there 's at least one on jura, 
  quick conquer spain and rule iberia !,
