  frankly for the tories i 'd be pretty happy it did n't cost more for them . 
  any other party would/should have done the same thing . 
  it 's fine . 
  lowering corporation tax to compete with the republic of ireland , and extra infrastructure spending up there might combine to boost n. irelands reputation for business . 
  not overly surprising really . 
  you might feel the uk is on the weak side , but there would be no deal in which we throw gibraltar under the bus like that . 
  the people of gibraltar want to remain as part of the uk , and there would be no deal in which we sacrifice them for brexit without a democratic vote in which they asked to leave the uk . 
  and glass any man who says otherwise, 
  i mean , one might argue that most places on the internet these days are echo chambers of one form or another . 
  i would vote for life in prison . 
  not a very nice prison , but i would like him to be studied as to how someone becomes such an evil dictator . 
  we can look at the events that may have lead up to him , but i would want to understand his thought processes too . 
  try nottingham . 
  i live in apartments right in the city centre and the city itself is very condensed with everything a 5 or 10 minute walk away from the market square . 
  if i had to do it to protect the country from outside invasion yes i certainly would . 
  nearly everybody i love is lives in this country , and if necessary i would give up my life to protect them, 
  i ca n't say for every career but i 'm in the middle of changing from a retail manager to a secondary high school teacher right now and it 's been fairly simple . 
  it has been helped by my earlier degree in the field , but i get the impression it depends more on the person themselves but the jobs are out there if you 're looking . 
  certainly , and it 's one of the reasons i did n't vote conservative , but to imply that she was abandoning any for of human rights act is just factually disingenuous , and i would rather discussions on the topic to contain critical thinking on the matter . 
  i am not here to blame any political side here , i am saying i have been disappointed with the lack of critical thought that has gone into presenting salacious headlines as fact during this election , and this unfortunately goes for both left and right political parties . 
  the left leaning r/europe has consistently criticized the right wing tabloid journalism in this country for their awful misleading headlines , but when the attacks were aimed at the conservatives they were more than happy to bring them up as fact . 
  i do not want to blame one political faction in this , because i feel both are just as at fault as one another in this race . 
  i am simply stating my disappointment as i found myself constantly defending theresa may on r/europe during this election when people had taken her words wildly out of proportion and just run with it . 
  you 're right that i feel the rupert murdoch 's newspapers first engaged in this sort of behavior , but how does it make papers like the guardian any better for copying it ? 
  or even more r/europe for lapping it up ? 
  what about the european court for human rights , what makes them better than a possible uk version ? 
  and they would hardly be changed at a whim , the process would have almost certainly have taken years , which is potentially why may decided to stay the course anyway . 
  ok so this is what i am talking about . 
  she had looked to replace the echr , but in the end declared that she would look to retain them , however the key word is replace , not abolish . 
  there would have always been a human rights act in this country , but some of the issues probably surrounding immigration would be been changed . 
  your phrase makes her seem like a putin like dictator , which she most certainly is not . 
  that is what frustrated me . 
  yes which makes sense as young people tend to vote left , but the language used during this election to attack the conservatives has been ridiculous . 
  i 'm not a tory voter myself , but if people simply demonize the opposition it just leads to huge division within the population , with nobody actually understanding the other point of view . 
  not paying too much attention considering you seem to be happy to throw the country into the mess that is brexit . 
  i am fairly pleased as i now hope that this should take the edge off the conservatives . 
  i hope they are able to form a coalition with the lib dems , and although i do n't think the lib deme will be able to make too much of a difference to brexit negotiations , i do hope that they can calm the attack on the nhs . 
  can i just say a conservative government is not a cliff edge . 
  you may have disagreed with their policies , but this hyperbole has been very frustrating to read recently . 
  regulated . 
  people are stupid and often selfish when left to their own devices . 
  at least regulations are usually there for the benefit of the majority . 
  i seem to have had a very different reaction to those things . 
  as soon as i saw that i would have to learn a new way to get a mcdonalds i rejected this new concept , and have never been to a mcdonalds since . 
  life seems better somehow ... 
  probably my home town of nottingham tbh . 
  lots of different pubs and bars with everything you could want for decent prices . 
  my favorite place i 've ever had a pint was the gravity bar at the guinness brewery in dublin , but the rest of the city had too many tourist traps to top my list . 
  north wales is gorgeous . 
  civilize the uk ?!, 
  ha , and he thought the russian campaign was hard . 
  my misses got me into motogp about 3 years ago and its bloody fantastic !!, 
  there 's so much drama and excitement on and off the track i really think its one of my favorite sports to follow now . 
  i trust them quite a bit actually , or at least the ones i read i do . 
  i feel that if i 'm going to try and keep up with worldly news then i am going to have to put my eggs in one basket or another eventually anyway . 
  so i read the bbc news and generally trust the news reported in the other newspapers / websites , even if i do take them with a pinch of salt . 
  why bar the uk ? 
  how has luton ever been popular ? 
  that 's ok . gchq is already on their way . 
  it 's broadcast via their website i believe, 
  ironically you make europe sound like a religion there, 
  there are plenty of them in my city , but i 'd hardly say the chefs are any good . 
  the food is solid , but it 's not like a baked potato and chilli for # 3.25 is going to blow me away . 
  i feel it is a lot easier to look good on the books , whist not addressing any of the underlying issues . 
  i would partly blame the banking crisis for some of the resentment that ended up leading to brexit and trump . 
  cool , i 'll be sure to pass that along, 
  i do n't feel like he has got anything done frankly . 
  maybe because 100 days is n't really that long in the grand scheme of things , or maybe he 's just an idiot . 
  time will tell i suppose . 
  ah i have a friend doing his pgce in this right now . 
  he 's finding it really tough but rewarding at least . 
  does it get easier post pgce or harder ? 
  french kiss is pretty great with kevin kline really stealing all the limelight , but as a brit i feel i 've got to say notting hill which is a complete classic now and one of my favourite movies . 
  i dont know , the shard is pretty awesome imo , but it could be worse , we could still be in the 60s . 
  my great aunt apparently worked at bletchley park during ww2 . 
  only as an office worker , but i 've always wanted to visit to see if we can trace her name to anything down there . 
  http://www.mydadwroteaporno.com/ that 's the official website , but it 's on itunes as well if you want it . 
  series 1 and 2 are out already , and series three starts next month . 
  recently started re-listening to the podcast `` my dad wrote a porno '' and it 's had me crying with laughter again . 
  yea midlands here and i do n't know it either . 
  but to me it sounds like something you would have in a more religious setting , whereas my family never did any of that stuff . 
  yea pretty much . 
  it often depends on location so for example york has a ton of viking reenactments as it was the historical capital of viking britain back in the day , where as in my area of nottingham is is not focused on the medieval robin hood era . 
  sure , but you could use american stereotypes of europeans instead . 
  i was just thinking that gta 6 could easily be set in europe though maybe with multiple different european cities/countries represented . 
  i 'm not a fan of mandatory service myself . 
  we usually have enough people entering the military to keep the numbers up ( although i hear the navy is struggling these days ) so there is n't the need that there might be in other countries . 
  if we did have it however i would be up for gender neutrality assuming it was well thought out . 
  yea i realise this , i just wanted something to complain about :(, 
  working in retail i often get annoyed at how many southern europeans come into the shop at 5 minutes to close . 
  italians seem to the worst for this for some reason . 
  cider and gin would be up there too, 
  the bbc does an excellent weekly roundup on the nfl ( match of the day esc ) hosted by mark chapman . 
  i 'm not the biggest fan of the sport , but they make it really entertaining, 
  alright tiny could have been an overestimation , but it 's hardly a large , just over 20000 people says google which sounds pretty small to me . 
  ely in cambridgeshire was a cracking visit when i was there a few years ago . 
  tiny little english village with a great big cathedral smack bang in the centre . 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ely,_cambridgeshire ), 
  they did produce dele alli though so cant be all that bad . 
  glorious today isnt it ?
