  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya ) * on 19 march 2011 , a multi-state nato-led coalition began a military intervention in libya * * from the beginning of the intervention , the initial coalition of belgium , canada , denmark , france , italy , norway , qatar , spain , uk and us [ 28 ] [ 29 ] [ 30 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ] expanded to nineteen states , with newer states mostly enforcing the no-fly zone and naval blockade or providing military logistical assistance . 
  * i see that * the effort was initially largely led by france and the united kingdom , with command shared with the united states . 
  * which is i think your point , but ... * nato took control of the arms embargo on 23 march , named operation unified protector . 
  it was hardly just cameron that bombed them . 
  this was a nato lead operation here . 
  well yes you 're right he should have simply said that this is n't an issue that we are discussing right now , so he 's certainly to blame for that . 
  but i am still extremely disappointed in the reporter for asking it in the first place . 
  good news is that he 's getting all sorts of backlash against the comments from the left http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39472207, 
  ugh , what an arse of a man . 
  i 'm fine with my passport being blue , but this us vs them talk is pathetic . 
  he 's not , in fact no one is . 
  the question howard was asked was nonsense . 
  no one is going to war , but people are still talking about this as if it was n't a piece of shit article . 
  agreed . 
  it 's jingoistic nonsense and awful journalism, 
  sorry i really seem to have missed something , who is going `` gib clay '' here ? 
  have spain directly come out and asked for it ? 
  there was n't a link or reference in the article . 
  well i do n't think we would be talking about war if some jingoistic journalist had n't brought up the question . 
  have spain been talking about this at all ? 
  has anyone in the eu talked about cutting off gibralter entirely ? 
  i think this is what compromise is for . 
  it 's a large tax haven that large companies use to exploit light border controls across the spanish border . 
  it 's hardly surprising that they are coming under some flak here . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  the question that was posed was if the eu attempted to use brexit as an excuse to bring gibralter under spanish sovereignty would britain defend the territory and of course we would if that became necessary . 
  the problem i have with this story is that it doesnt reference the claim of the question at all . 
  there has been no spanish aggression as far as i 've seen so the question itself if the problem here , not the answer . 
  ah you lost me there , but i 'll agree with you that haggis balls are excellent . 
  oh i just mean our political system in general.the referendum was fine , disappointing to me , but it was fair enough really . 
  but i would prefer a more representative form of government that did n't round up 36 % of the vote to 51 % of the parliamentary seats . 
  if we had had this last general election , the torys might not have felt the need to call for a referendum in the first place . 
  yea me too . 
  even just talking about the weather changing . 
  it 's good to be able to break into conversation with anyone , but it seems like society is becoming more and more absorbed with itself these days . 
  yes that is all true , but i think we did expect to continue / enhance a deal over the ireland border , and it only follows to also do that with spain i suppose . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but did n't the portuguese being the colonial african slave trade when they began importing slaves in a big way into lisbon in the 1450s ? 
  but isnt this them trying to use that influence ? 
  granted it 's become a bit more bull in a china shop since trump came on the scene , but sometimes a good kick up the backside is warranted . 
  freebombs we call them . 
  well please , present an argument . 
  so far all i 've seen you say is that you 're upset about may being in power because people did n't directly vote her in . 
  please , proceed to make your doom and gloom case . 
  yea i 'm not really against it myself either ( although i always vote anyway ) , but there is very little here in the uk that has ever been mandatory and i 'm not sure how well it would go down with the public to flip that switch . 
  i 'd just like to get rid of first past the post voting . 
  that to me would promote voting whilst not enforcing anything either . 
  yea sure that 's true , but do you really expect a round 2 to get more than that ? 
  we had blanket coverage for months on the run up to this thing , it could n't have been more talked about . 
  so unless youre going to impose mandatory voting you kind of have to kind of be happy with 70 % im afraid . 
  who 's shifting topic ? 
  you 're upset that may isnt an elected official , my argument is that you almost certainly would be even if we did hold a general election right now because there is n't anyone strong enough to oppose her , and the tory base is backing her 100 % these days . 
  sorry if the facts upset you here , but im pointing out the reality of the situation . 
  i hope your future comes before mine then . 
  mate , have you seen labour these days ? 
  yea i bet they could have gone with that and most people would have been either ok with it , or too confused to care anymore . 
  and if this had happened under a lefty government that would have probably happend . 
  but we arnt under a lefty government , and in a way i 'm not sorry about that even though i am a lefty . 
  was n't it the great ron swanson who said , `` do n't half ass two things , whole ass one thing '' . 
  at least we 're going to whole ass brexit now for better or worse . 
  this argument might have more weight if the polls did n't indicate that the tory 's would actually gain more seats if we did have another general election . 
  the future is unemployment . 
  then whats the argument against continuing to hold referendums against the eu indefinitely until leave get their way ? 
  sometimes its better to cut your losses and take the hit before it spirals into crazytown . 
  sure , but the uk is hardly flooded with referendums , so when we have one i think most people take it as law . 
  you 're right , the government could have just ignored it and tried to move on , but there would have been such a huge public backlash that i would fear for this country even more in that case . 
   they will have to be accountable themselves . 
  they will try not to be though . 
  it is the natural response of a politician to scapegoat away all issues . 
  leave voters removed this as an option in the future , but do n't get thinking that these people wont try and find another . 
  it is our responsibility as voters of the uk to take politicians to task now , and hold them responsible when they fuck up . 
  are you an untalented rich kid or something ? 
  you seem to be taking this article very personally . 
  it could go both ways with ukip . 
  either they are proven to be effective and therefore more people vote for them , or that their job is now complete , protest won , and now people can get back to voting for a proper candidate . 
  hopefully the stoke by-election in which ukip performed much worse than expected will be a sign that they will fade away now . 
  yea i 'm not a big fan of the move either , but if we start ignoring referendums now when will it end . 
  it was british people that got us into this mess , like it or not , you dont get to ignore that . 
  not in a functional country anyway ... 
  brexit is a gamble in itself . 
  it will require a huge kick in the arse for pretty much everyone living here to make it a success , hard , but possible ... 
  this guy needs to get on the same page here . 
  we all know its the god damn chinese !!, 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  cameron leaving downing street in disgrace can not have been part of his plan surely , and the majority of tory mps voted against brexit . 
  it may be a happy accident for them , but i can you really blame voters for polling tory when labour are in such a huge mess and cant get their act together ? 
  that is where i would put the blame for the tory dominance right now . 
  i think it 's also about playing by the rules . 
  we set out to have a referendum , we had it and now we have to live with the consequences . 
  what an awful and stupid comment . 
  please grow up before coming commenting again . 
   the implications of your second sentence are quite crass , by the way . 
  they replace parliaments 's sovereignty with people 's sovereignty of a non-binding referendum . 
  public mood trumps the law , so to say . 
  sure , but after the scottish referendum , a general election , and then the referendum on the eu , public mood is on the side of being tired of politics , and there is not the appetite for another referendum . 
  so binding or not , we will play fair , and go with what we voted for . 
   and on the second part , this demonstration would have been a push for a softer brexit after opposition in parliament is almost non-existent . 
  sure that 's true , although i think there is a good argument to have on a soft brexit ( and i wish the piss poor labour had forced this argument to take place ) i do understand the benefits of a hard brexit , as it frees us from the restrictions of the eu tough regulations that would make it difficult to trade with other countries outside of the eu . 
   so , be ready for b-day : when liam fox boards the royal yacht packed with innovative jam which will be freely traded to the grateful natives of the commonwealth . 
  mmm ... look i 'm a leftie , remain voter , supporter of the eu , and liberal democrat voter here in the uk , and one day i hope that my country can rejoin the progressive movement that is the eu . 
  but can you people please take your head out your arse and stop acting as if the eu is the be all and end all of the world .
