  looks like he does n't want to shatter the illusion that his base supporters are under , that he may actually be hated all over the world , including long term allies . 
  ok fair enough . 
  shame though as more competition might have helped keep costs down , although frankly i have n't seem my plans go up at all because of this . 
  are there any laws against buying a mobile provider from another country and just using that instead then ? 
  i see people worrying about rising prices , but potentially you now just got access to all the carriers of the eu right ? 
  yea maybe , but i dont think the conservatives would dear go for another one . 
  having the dup is a big problem , but i imagine there would be so much backlash against having to vote again that the conservatives would only loose more seats . 
  i could be wrong though if something major happens with labour that upsets people . 
  i feel the youth turnout is actually a knock on effect of brexit . 
  such a huge decisive decision that went against the majority of the young people in britain has helped galvanise political momentum in this country again . 
  i just hope that this can continue until the next general election now . 
  i dont want to know what those are attached to up there . 
  sounds like its not just the tax office that find number hard . 
  is n't the flagship still in a dutch museum ? 
  truly the fiercest historical rap battle of our time, 
  hey man , thanks for trying to fight against the circle jerk . 
  i 'm no tory fan , but this sub loves it 's bullshit pie sometimes, 
  lol well yea , if you actually follow politics closely you do n't tend to see this overblown rubbish . 
  but if you 're on the internet and constantly see the most extreme articles about a country you do n't understand it 's no wonder your perspective gets all messed up . 
  it should be a lesson to everyone on this sub , that if you just base your impression on other countries simply off news from reddit , you 're going to get a completely screwed and inaccurate perception . 
  it seems like this sub will believe anything that 's against the conservatives right now . 
  but thank you for bringing this to my attention . 
  you think this is the worst thing to ever effect our country ? 
  jesus , i know people today were soft compared to past generations , but i did n't realise the apple had fallen so far from the tree . 
  a few of them i simply put down to different cultures and ignorance , but some on this sub are simply hateful people . 
  this country has survived much more than isis before , and we will continue once they 're gone inspire of everyone else who wishes us harm . 
  sure , i see what you 're saying i think , but the country receives the largest investment of spending per capita than anywhere else in the uk , but it 's it ca n't be easy to implement that when an organised terrorist outfit is constantly attempting to damage the country . 
  in a way i agree with you that most british people do n't pay much attention to the region , but apart from the peace talks , the area has n't had much good to talk about in recent years from what i 've seen . 
  as for brining up the troubles , it seems to be the nira that have attempted to continue the fight , and although i am sure the unionists bring this up a lot as a political point , you ca n't expect them not to whilst it 's such a big problem for the country . 
  i ca n't imagine most people in n ireland would n't love to move on from it . 
  but surely the killing has to end before the region can even be expected to stabilise , and the more murders that occur , the more entrenched the union position becomes . 
  how would you like to see the british government act to show that i cares about northern ireland enough to satisfy you ? 
  no of course not , but that does n't make his statement wrong either . 
  he was simply poking fun at the sub , and you then had a go at him for voting leave and being well off , neither of which are anything to do with you . 
  your comments come across as childish and potentially become personal attacks which are just wrong . 
  lol i mean he was right though . 
  the comment was and has been heavily downvoted . 
  if you 're going to argue that he is trying to stifle opposition , then you may want to look in a mirror first . 
  his views on brexit make very little impact here . 
  a comment that was anti eu federalization was heavily downvoted by the majority pro eu subreddit . 
  if anyone is stifling opposition in this thread its the pro eu lot , how can you not see the irony in your statement ? 
  do you actually have a point apart from that you do n't like someone having a different opinion than yourself ? 
  yea i dont think it 's like that at all but ok . 
  yes , i think he will care . 
  lol i guess it 's all relative isnt it . 
  i mean japan scores pretty highly right now , but i assume youre talking historically . 
  yes i see that , i just think it 's disappointing that trump is happy to sacrifice the countries potential future for effectively gaining nothing . 
  he ca n't stop the march of green technology , but instead of building with it he is willing to throw it all away for a small bump in the polls in heartland america , that will lead to nothing come 2020 when the coal jobs do n't return . 
  no i agree i think free movement is over in the uk for sure , but the conservatives are promising ( again !! ), 
  to reduce numbers to the tens of thousands , in from what i 've seen labour have n't made such a drastic promise so i may not make it such a priority to reduce it so much . 
  good company to be in . 
  it really does look like trump is out on his own here does n't it . 
  god damn immigrants !, 
  yea damn i didnt think of that . 
  well in that case we 're all screwed . 
  you may be right there , but i think the reduction of immigration would drastically drop down the priorities list if labour were in power all of a sudden , which might lead to a slightly softer brexit in the end . 
  yes , and the fact that he 's given the torys the willies in this campaign means that even if he looses , he might be able to at least present a stronger opposition in parliament , which could challenge some of the more outrageous tory aims . 
  i see your point , and in reality i wouldnt trust any government fully with self reported numbers , but at least they are claiming to do something about it . 
  that 's far more than the us is doing these days . 
  hmm i see your point , but would n't we then fall into the same issue that we have in our newspapers that some corporation can drastically swing public perception by releasing say a pro tory single and constantly playing it ? 
  that does n't sound like a reasonable outcome to me . 
  sure , but ofcom have a duty to be impartial across the board in politics , so the same rules would apply for all parties . 
  basically , there is n't a conspiracy of collusion to get this song off the airwaves , this is just how the system works . 
  that 's a fair argument , i 'm just saying that at the moment there is at least nato whispering in turkey 's ear to say do n't fuck anything up , and without that obligation , russia 's influence in the country will only grow . 
  at the moment it does look like turkey is drifting further and further away from europe , but i fear actions like this are going to simply hand them over to russia . 
  who 's is spoiling them ? 
  they offered to host the summit a year ago and everyone agreed . 
  i 'm just in favor of treating them as an equal partner , it 's germany etc. 
  who is kicking up a fuss here . 
  this does n't just seem like pissing them off , this act to me looks like the eu is saying turkey is no longer welcome as an equal partner in nato , in which case why would n't they leave and buddy up even more with the russians ? 
  in that case isnt in greece 's best interests to not loose turkey from nato ? 
  if they are already good buddies with the russian 's then in the case of a russian invasion , turkey would have much to gain by joining them to attack greece . 
  yea the midlands is massive for obesity . 
  i lived in stoke for a yea and never saw a gym . 
  so you do n't know ? 
  well as seeing as you 're bests mates with him , ca n't you pass on what he said ? 
  ok then if you 're hell bent on this conspiracy . 
  tell me how the uk would benefit from the downfall of the eu ? 
  then you dont know anything about the uk . 
  we 're certainly not the ones banning a piece of clothing . 
  i heard a while ago that the biggest issue was recruitment actually as people do n't see the navy as a glamorous was into the armed forces . 
  but i 'm sure the government is fucking up some how . 
  sure , but you 'll have to get them to that level before an eu army is formed , and at this rate some countries it could take decades, 
  there is also the issue that as this graph some countries spend much more on their military than others . 
  if all were suddenly combined under one , then it would be great for countries like spain and belgium , but awful for the uk poland and greece who suddenly are paying over their share . 
  yea manchester was an industrial revolution city , so most of it is n't really that old . 
  have you not been paying attention to the middle east recently ? 
  even if you try not to care , that are has serious consequences for europe . 
  although kind of ironic to have this then reported in said invasive tabloid . 
  yea that 's what i was thinking . 
  could n't you simply jump on bored , cut through a container and be off with the goods . 
  or maybe even destroying the navigation system and just hauling off with the lot . 
  ok so i 'm going to try and piece this reply together because your grammar is not making it too easy , but i apologize if i misunderstand your argument in any way here . 
   no , because they keep supporting and advertising a sexist and immoral ideology that has consequences for their own society and life , they had to move away to another society that is trying not to support ideologies those support immoral values and backwards values . 
  so you 're upset that they are advertising a religion that you view as immoral , but there are millions of muslims throughout europe that are kind , warm , and good people . 
  how can this be so if the religion itself is entirely immoral ? 
   where are the neo nazis arguing for the ban of fashistic symbols ? 
  no where , because guess what : a ban and change of laws , should not be left in the hands od indoctrinated people who follow immoral and sexist ideologies . 
  did you just equate all muslims to nazis ? 
  anyway , the difference in this circumstance is that nobody is claiming that nazis are just too oppressed by the swastika to speak out against nazism .
