   and you racist kid , if you wake up wanking to your absurdity of `` whites and poor muslims '' you would be able to see , that being a muslim has nothing to do with skin color , being an islamic apologist has nothing to do with skin color . 
  ok i suppose i could have replaced ` white people ' with ` non-muslims ' , but frankly you just seem too emotionally invested here to read between the lines . 
   cherry pick your stupid religion , but do not be surprised if people do not want backwards dark age morals and sexism to spread in their society more , after they already had to fight and are still fighting the sexist bullshit created by christian values . 
  ok well for one i do n't have any religion myself , i simply do not want to demonize anyone who does , and from my outside perspective this simply seems like a difference version thought policeing . 
   if your `` religious rights '' spread social cancer and downplay all other basic rights within a society as a result , religious rights need restrictions . 
  just like with every other ideology that promotes bad values . 
  so all muslim women who wear the veil are part of an extreme fundamental political movement within austria to change the government into some form of islamic state ? 
  is that really your argument ? 
  so because the countries they moved away from restrict their rights as a woman , we should restrict their religious rights ? 
  also where are the muslim women arguing for this ban ? 
  i only ever seem to hear white people using this line of argument . 
  lol i know , and i most certainly do n't agree with you on everything , but this is getting silly . 
  it just seems to be so spiteful and pointless . 
  this is not an issue worth raising , and yet people are happy to defend what is essentially the implementation of lawful racism . 
  lol , why did this receive so many downvotes ? 
  what is up with this sub . 
  is there any evidence that any of these 150 women have committed any sort of crime to justify this ? 
  could n't that argument extend to everything though ? 
  completely agree with you mate . 
  if someone could point me to evidence of muslim women that hate wearing the veil , or a crime that has been committed and the perpetrator was unable to be identified because she had a veil on i might be able to understand this . 
  but from where i sit i see it as either some weird saving muslim women from themselves thing from lefties , or cowardly ` they look too foreign and scary ' attitude from the right . 
  is there any evidence of a crime that where a veil has prevented the criminal being caught ? 
  thing is i dont think she is actually trying to win votes right now , and its more trying to prevent her loosing them . 
  corbyn for all his faults , seems to fair very well in a head on debate , and i imagine she knows the all too well and is therefore simply avoiding it . 
  hold on please let op speak . 
  if both sides jump to extremes there is no room in between for a rational discussion . 
  yea i agree . 
  even if youre a rich elderly person youre hardly going to now vote for labour off of this policy . 
  the logic is that this will gain more votes from younger working class voters than it will lose from the elderly , and if the conservatives are aiming to present themselves as the no nonses sound politics then this is a good thing to point to . 
  why do you think that ? 
  i think it 's fine . 
  if it helps stem the outrageous lead that the tories have right now , and balance the politics a little bit then that can only be a good thing . 
  what makes you think labour hates the uk ? 
  also would n't ultra far left be communism ? 
  i do n't think labour are quite going that far do you ? 
  you alright buddy ? 
  something the matter ? 
  this is excellent news . 
  progression in sustainable energy is progression for all humanity . 
  hmm , i think you 're gon na have to invalid and replace our culture first i 'm afraid . 
  ` tis tradition . 
  sorry i misunderstood you then . 
  i would have loved the uk to have persevered with the eu , but britain had an almost aggressively anti idealism attitude , and was therefore simply not convinced by the core concept of the eu yet . 
  if in the future the eu manages to fix some of the bugs in the bureaucracy that the uk has issue with then i would be confident in us rejoining , but i ca n't see that happening for years . 
  alright well i think it helped grow the issue . 
  there have been plenty of remain voters that generally like the eu and europe in general , but have been disappointed by both sides of these `` negotiations '' so far . 
  i personally would like to think that the uk could rejoin the eu one day , but i fear that if these negotiations become bitter it may scar any good will between the two sides . 
  there were reports a while back that the eu was going to attempt to bill the uk # 100bn for obligations to the eu during the brexit process . 
  statements we 're made shortly after that the bill would be no where near that level , but the reports either way helped to build an us verses them mentality withing britain . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/cc7eed42-2f49-11e7-9555-23ef563ecf9a ), 
  i think in extreme cases you might be right . 
  does this law apply to home schooling too ? 
  i think most of them are wondering what the hell this article is on about . 
  i 've spent this afternoon re-reading the tory manifesto , and this article seems like a huge stretch if you ask me . 
  what would be enough in your opinion ? 
  i find it mildly amusing that everyone knows when our media spouts anti eu bullshit , but anti uk bullshit is welcomed . 
  yea i did the same thing as you and came to the same conclusion . 
  i personally feel the is a waste of money , but i 'm disappointed by the idiocy of some of the replies here . 
  you 're right that there is potential there , but i do feel this article is a bit alarmist about that . 
  the wording in the manifesto seems to indicate a more anti hate speech goal , whilst continuing the de-activatable porn block . 
  i agree is further than most countries have gone on this , but this is still targeting hate speach according to the manifesto . 
  that wo n't come around until 2018 but i feel all countries need to start doing this . 
  and yes i would rather have a full tax on adding sugar to food , but this is a step in the right direction . 
  well hold on a minute . 
  you corrected the post above to claim austria is only regulating against illegal activities , but the uk is only doing the same here . 
  what in particular are you worried by in this manifesto ? 
  can we please just start taxing sugar . 
  that stuff causes untold number of problems . 
  yep, 
  yea same , i feel the lib dems might be able to at least slow the march into bullshit that the other two are setting off for . 
  although i fear their proposal for a second referendum is going to cost them more than they would gain . 
  ehem ... obviously human activity did n't cause the glacial ice to melt 8 thousand years ago . 
  i was talking about the potential impact of modern day climate change effecting ocean currents that could bring about a new ice age in europe . 
  [ link ] ( https://amp.theguardian.com/environment/2003/nov/13/comment.research ) but thanks for taking a joke a wee bit too seriously . 
  this is why we need to tackle global warming now !, 
  i ai n't moving in with a bunch of southerners . 
  what ? 
  do you think we just popped up out of the ground or something ? 
  of course people moved here originally from the rest of the continent . 
  the more i think about this the more it simply seems insane !, 
  she might just try and limit it to non skilled workers , but jesus there must be an easier and less economically destructive way of failing to limit immigration . 
  that 's fair . 
  although there are plenty of pakistanis that have interpreted well too . 
  lol , would if i could mate, 
  biggly :(, 
  not really tbh . 
  there are a few bad eggs in every group , but in general indian , pakistani , and bangladeshis have interpreted well i would say . 
  this is just an attempted vote winner with the ukip arseholes i 'm afraid . 
  is it ? 
  most of the off licenses i go to have asian men running them . 
  just because you are n't catching them , does n't mean it is n't happening . 
  what if we have an accident in jail ? 
  showers can be slippery after all . 
  dude , you look like an idiot right now . 
  it was a bloody singing competition , try not to get so offended over it . 
  ha , i think someone had a few too many drinks last night . 
  bloody fool needs to take a long hard look in the mirror . 
  sorry i think you misread his opinion then . 
  i read u/cow _ balls ( classy name btw ) as implying that whist the eu imposes their majority will on smaller nations and people on this sub agree with it , when the uk does so ( i.e. 
  brexit ) , that we get told what awful monsters we are to the 62 % of scots who voted to remain .
