  as a brit , i warn you this may not be as easy as it seems . 
  the article reads as an attack piece by someone who has been asleep for the last decade . 
  i think everyone can agree that brexit is a stupid idea , but the referendum was held and we are going to continue down this path regardless . 
  turn up to a place with a flag and call dibs , sounds like classic brits on tour !, 
  in the modern day environment i would say you 'd have to be pretty messed up in the head to consider bullying someone to suicide because they came from another country . 
  only if you 're a massive cunt, 
  that 's brilliant !, 
  still no ladies version i presume ? 
  then we have a different definition of the term ` reasonable us of force ' . 
  i feel the majority of people in that situation would react poorly to threatening someone with a gun , and loosing a car is not worth someone loosing their life over . 
  are you implying you wish to shoot these anarchists ? 
  edit : in any case , the us has riots all the time that get out of hand so sighting them as an example to crack down on these idiot ` protesters ' is a poor example . 
  confirmation bias has become very profitable for the press , and brexit has become a top earner for the last year . 
  that 's what police are for . 
  good on them . 
  well to be fair to her that 's not for her to decide . 
  that 's the point of these trade talks and only time will tell what comes from those right now . 
  i imagine that is is more of a mixing of the old and new . 
  men in drag still know that you do n't put the milk in first . 
  and many others . 
  but that does n't diminish the progress that has been made , and which is being celebrated here . 
  why would you hide small arms throughout a region ? 
  surely keeping them with the troops trained to use them is the more responsible things to do . 
  was that a thing ever ? 
  yes you certainly should . 
  according to [ this ] ( https://www.electricitymap.org/?wind=true&amp;solar=false&amp;page=country&amp;countrycode=pt ) today you are running on full solar capacity , however due to the fact that your wind turbines are n't running well you are still performing poorly in terms of c02 production . 
  brutal, 
  why ? 
  we 've had very high level immigration for those 10 years and no growth in productivity . 
  and considering productivity is a a devision of production vs hours of work , if we end up importing low production workers then it will only exacerbate the issue . 
  wow , very cool . 
  and wasting money and hurting the environment is shit all round . 
  so basically they have n't made a statement on it yet ? 
  fair enough really . 
  why ? 
  what is wrong with the water ? 
  one lemon is cheaper than a bottle of water and will stretch across several glasses . 
  just buy a reusable bottle and stick a slice in before topping up in the morning . 
  save yourself tons of money and help the environment . 
  simple, 
  hyperbole from both sides does n't go anywhere dude . 
  i am happy to announce that your application for editor at the daily mail has been accepted . 
  welcome aboard !, 
  why would this deplete the sea ? 
  i just wondered the same thing and found a decent article by the atlantic that might be worth reading for you . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/12/the-shazam-effect/382237/ ), 
  i mean my comment was not to be taken entirely seriously if i 'm honest , although i would mostly disagree with you for a single young person who is already working a low income work . 
  granted , you need to have some sort of system in place before you move up , but if you 're not fussy about where you work there are lots of opportunities to move up north and half the cost of rent and many living expenses . 
  i moved lived in stoke for a year whilst renting a room for # 300/month all bills included . 
  it was naff because stoke is a mess of a town , but life sure was cheap . 
   one eyewitness said : `` from what i understand , [ a woman who had been at prayer ] was about to leave in her car and i believe she lost control . 
  looks like it was n't a terrorist incident at least . 
  just an awful accident . 
  well tbh ` pretty sure ' to me sounds so soft to me that i cant believe him . 
  if you actually felt confident about it then you would surely you would use stronger language here . 
  either that , or to get such a deal he is going to have to compromise to a huge extent and go for a soft brexit . 
  either way , i feel there is something he 's not telling us here . 
  or they will all move up north and said fat bankers wont be able to get their over sized latte in the morning because no commoner can afford to live down south . 
  you think ? 
  that seems a bit conspiratorial to me . 
  these people broke laws in the us , they have a right to attempt to prosecute them do n't they ? 
  lmao , really ? 
  alright then, 
  that 's great news . 
  the eu has pledge with china to raise $ 100bn to aid developing economies , and something like this could go a long way to raising those finances, 
  germany is the largest economy in the eu , and the eu is claiming to lead the world on climate change . 
  i 'm sorry if you feel i 'm stretching here but i really do n't feel i am right now . 
  did they not sell cars in america whilst fraudulently disguising their emission standards ? 
  are they being prosecuted in germany ? 
  in that same vein then , how do you justify germany acting like a world leader in climate change , whilst protecting people directly involved in the emissions coverup ? 
  above germany !, 
  i mean if the eu had a common immergration boarder control policy then i would imagine we would n't be leaving . 
  the majority of brits were n't against the concept of an common eu , but when the brexit vote came so close after the mishandling of the immigration crisis it scared enough people into voting leave . 
  danish lies = best lies, 
  there 's plenty more to the lib dems than being pro eu though . 
  they 're hardly a one policy party . 
  i see your joke , but it 's not exactly the most light heated topic here mate . 
  you win some , you loose some . 
  that certainly in theory would be a good way of going about it . 
  the problem at the moment however is that politics on both parts is getting in the way of a sensible solution , but we 've got two years to hammer this thing out so we shall see . 
  man that gallery is hard to look at . 
  those poor people . 
  their 's evidence of arson ? 
  peach ? 
  i think most people just want this to be over with already . 
  if a soft brexit is the easiest most middle of the road strategy , and it would still give us the possibility of changing things up later . 
  i think at this point i 'd be happy to take the soft brexit deal if it meant that the issue was over and that we could stay on good terms with the rest of europe . 
  it might be the dumbest of all the outcomes , but when it comes the brexit , it feels like we 're already swimming up a stream of stupid , so it does n't really matter if this is the outcome . 
  it 's been a rough year so far for europe and all we can do is simply hope it does n't get much worse . 
  sorry i replied to the wrong comment . 
  but still i know plenty of people who work for the nhs , and it 's certainly a tough job , but the vast majority still love what they do . 
  salaries start from # 21k which is . 
  it half bad if you ask me . 
  and senior nurses between # 32-60 . 
  it 's certainly not the easiest of job in the world , but it 's hardly the worse gig you can get . 
  it still plays pretty well even as a basic nurse . 
  yea i saw this and i was n't overly upset tbh . 
  i mean there are dozens of worse terrorist attacks in the middle east every year that we do n't pay much attention to in the west after all . 
  i 'm not sure he would mind too much in germany just because merkel has already made it quiet clear that she does n't like him . 
  the thing about the uk is that there still might be quite a number of his supporters that believe that we actually like him , and therefore by avoiding coming here he can continue to keep up this charade of an internationally respected leader .
