to be fair neither have i , but i do n't think that 's a good reason to be elected president . 
  they shrunk the size by 10 % :( [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/08/anger-over-shrinking-of-terrys-chocolate-orange/ ), 
  first terry 's chocolate orange and now this !!, 
  this country 's going to the dogs i say . 
  agreed . 
  we have mostly resigned ourselves to brexit already so there would be little gained in voting against , but a lot to loose . 
  as a dave i can confirm this to be true . 
  isnt the nhs already the best vaule for money health service in the world right now ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/uks-healthcare-ranked-the-best-out-of-11-western-countries-with-us-coming-last-9542833.html ) what is so broken that we need to fix ? 
  it comes across scared if anything . 
  if the eu is such a good deal then you would n't need to try and punish the uk we would just suffer anyway . 
  what would be better is if they concentrated on promoting the good areas that the eu does work , and proving the benefits . 
  would that really make a difference though ? 
  if other countries feel as nationalistic and skeptic as we did then they will vote out despite any consequences . 
  rational thought has very little to do with it . 
  good . 
  i 'm all for letting scotland decide it 's fate , but they did that already . 
  we have enough problems for the next 5 years to deal with without another bloody referendum . 
  of course . 
  that .7 pay rise i 'm going to get will make all the difference / s, 
  i dont think he personally aided the spread of hellenism though . 
  i 'm sure it 's all about retaining that soft power diplomaticy , but however it happens it would be great to see some of these awful diseases eliminated one day . 
  why do you say that ? 
  does this money not do anything for us in your opinion ? 
  norway is the same i believe . 
  it also took years for this midlands resentment to build up as well . 
  i wonder if anyone could simply become the face of the in movement and changed the outcome . 
  there are just soo many people who feel ignored and forgotten when it comes to politics in this country , and london just simply does n't understand this . 
  like who ? 
  i 100 % agree with you about the neglected mass protest vote , but i 'm beginning to feel that cameron was , depressingly , one of our best politicians we had . 
  exactly , and by allowing the hijab to be worn as part of the uniform they open up themselves to more traditional british muslims , and allow themselves to police better in these communities . 
  you might not agree with traditional muslim beliefs about the head scarf , but if this adds another tool to better police these communities then i 'm all for it . 
  can you even imagine a strictly conservative muslim woman that would feel forced into wearing a head scarf against her will , but is ok with joining the police force ? 
  this simply does n't compute . 
  in terms of broadcasting their religion i cant think of a single time i felt compelled to join islam because i saw a women in a head scarf . 
  allowing officers to wear a head scarf however may open up new opportunities to connect with british traditional muslim 's and make them better at their job . 
  if you can find a way in which wearing swimming trunks might help with your policing i 'm sure they would look into that too . 
  dude its just a head scarf . 
  do you feel the same way about everyone 's fashion choices ? 
  besides traditionally a conservative muslim woman would be a stay at home mother , not getting a job like joining the police , so the ones that do would probably be pretty liberal bunch . 
  i bet they 're faster than you mate . 
  the police forces up and down the country have been having issues with muslim members of the public not feeling able to come and talk to police officers when they have an issue they need to report . 
  think of this move as more of a marketing move to make muslims , in particular female muslims , feel more welcomed by the police force , and therefore able to report crimes when they occur . 
  this was my first thought as well . 
  this will encourage muslims to join our police force hopefully and become a greater part of the society and community that they live in . 
  the british police force has for some time been attempting to integrate themselves into the communities that they police rather than separate . 
  this appears to me to be more of that to me , and could help potentially self isolating muslim communities feel that they are also part of this police force and therefore part of the community . 
  i understand your desire for a more singular uniform , but if this works it could really help muslim communities integrate much better into british society . 
  very seriously . 
  there are plenty of people in the us that have guns , but that does n't seem to help them defend against crazy people on shooting sprees does it ? 
  has a lone civilian gunman ever stopped an armed terrorist ? 
  statistics seem to show that people who own guns are far more likely to shoot a member of their own family than defend themselves or others with it . 
  well i 'm still going to send a strongly worded letter to her coffin . 
  how do you think owning a gun would help ? 
  would you be looking to carry it around outside of your home ? 
  ah really interesting thanks man . 
  are you saying that there are laws in place to prevent even the negotiation stages of a trade deal under a post article 50 scenario from taking place ? 
  i would understand that nothing could be signed and enacted , but to prevent even a negotiation seems rather draconian to me . 
  ca n't or wo n't ? 
  i have not read up on this but i would assume that other countires know that we will be in a poorer position to negotiate deals once we leave . 
  but it cant simply be the religion that is the issue here , as there are millions of peaceful muslims around the world . 
  i know this is an argument that some do n't like but we certainly need to ask more questions before labeling a religion of over a billion people as the cause for terrorism . 
  but we did n't bomb them because of their religion ... did we ? 
  what does `` at war with islam '' even mean ? 
  is this a problem caused by media rhetoric ? 
  well you can hardly bring them tea without biscuits can you . 
  that would be cruel . 
  we do n't have the best climate for it but the south of england can produce some half decent stuff . 
  most grain based alcohols in general really . 
  for a murphy pizza i expected more potato . 
  sounds great , i 'll book my holiday there now . 
  from where i stand the referendum was all for political gesturing , and if we were to leave the eea the markets would surely tumble even further than they already have without the stability of the european markets . 
  the government seems in face saving mode right now knowing that have to now leave the eu but trying not to go back into a recession . 
  just got back from rhodes last week and they were doing very well there so tourism does n't seem to have slowed down too much . 
  it 's been 2 weeks , please calm down about article 50 , it will happen . 
  i dont see it ever coming to that . 
  it has litterly been weeks and the both the uk and eu are not ready for brexit yet . 
  this thing will take some time , but after markets have calmed down and deals put into place then the uk will leave , it wont need to be kicked . 
  they are which is good , and i trust that this person will be held accountable for this in time . 
  also it seems to just be the thing you do if you 're an oil billionaire . 
  i get the impression there are a lot more foreign students studying here these days which might give a greater impression maybe ? 
  the majority of the polls in the last month of the election actually indicated a leave vote , so they were more right than we gave them credit for . 
  i got the impression from the leave voters that i talked to that it was more immigration from outside the eu that they feared , rather than poles , romanians etc coming to pick up jobs here . 
  in this case maybe the eea with freedom of movement within the eu would n't be too scary for some , its hard to say . 
  just a bit of wild speculation from my part though . 
  i suppose a indefinite suspension would be possible though ? 
  you could describe the continent as one big dick measuring contest for the least 2500 years i 'd say . 
  agreed . 
  they make me think of progress whenever i see them . 
  certainly much better than a coal power station . 
  and personally i think that would be fine but i do n't see that happening any time soon . 
  there are simply too many nationalistic brits that hold on too tightly to these things . 
  germans really are that efficient !, 
  well so far it has the pound has dropped dramatically , scotland is calling for another referendum , and the major politicians are abandoning ship . 
  seems pretty stupid to me , but you think you know better do you ? 
  well i am from said shithole and i feel this is more of just a fuck you to politics in general . 
  the vast majority of people round here are simply frustrated as hell with the political situation right now having been ignored by london and brussels for decades now . 
  well they 've not ignored us tonight , for better or worse . 
  ok you literally just replied to a comment talking about solving things together , and then went on to blame both labour voters and the other 48 % of the country that did n't vote leave for problems that have n't even come up yet . 
  this is how you become part of the problem .
