  he is simply implying a contradiction in positions of some very pro-eu and anti brexit commentators on this sub , but i dont believe he was implying that the uk was not imposing the will of the 52 % on scotland . 
  good on ya portugal . 
  smashed it !, 
  wrench ?!, 
  mate you 're candidate looks like a weeb, 
  god damn it australia !, 
  sure , but they also ca n't afford to drop 20 % off their revenue overnight . 
  the car industry can not afford to entirely loose the uk outright either . 
  it will have to attempt to balance the parties and see what benefits they can gain from brexit whilst protecting what they 've got . 
  huh ? 
  it 's only a debate . 
  do you base your entire decision on who to vote for solely on who wins a debate ? 
  in a way i do n't actually want her to do the debates . 
  i 'm in no way a tory fan , but if she is going to win anyway i would rather we did n't have a pm that takes silly risks right now with all the shit that brexit will through her way . 
  same . 
  retail ? 
  personally i didnt see this as making any fun of brits just a bit of bants is all, 
  i dont know if he does or not . 
  why dont you ask him ? 
  hmm , ok that 's fair enough . 
  i think it comes down to how grave you feel the post war threat of the ussr was , and how much of a role you feel nato played in preventing that expansion . 
  if nato did play a key role in curbing russian aggression post war then in many ways it would be one of the most successful achievements of the last 70 years . 
  `` may is a po head '' , says brussels, 
  but are n't they implying that she is trying not to play by the rules of the political game , and equating that to the laws of physics in this universe ? 
  in that case changing galaxy would n't change the laws of the physics , but maybe being in a different universe where the laws of physics might be different would be a much better analogy . 
  either way , jokes are far more fun when we need to explain them . 
  i personally would the alliance of the multiple states of ancient greece to fight off the persian threat an achievement though , would n't you ? 
  what problems do you mean ? 
  yea that 's why you hire the french to do it . 
  but i understand the issues involved , i was just thinking that at least there is potential to relatively quickly hit reverse on emissions for estonia . 
  yes that makes sense . 
  we in the uk have managed to export some of our costs by having a chinese company come in and build one with french expertise , but i wonder whether estonia would be able to strike such a deal . 
  personally i would love to see the eu take a lead on investing in green technology across the all of the eu , but i feel there may be a lot of work to do with that until they can get germany and poland fully cleaned up . 
  but estonia is such a small country . 
  would it be possible to build say a few nuclear power plants and almost effectively switch these graphs to green overnight ? 
  yes i think i agree . 
  it was either that , or we convince millions of brits that a federal eu state is a good idea and i simply can not see that happening anytime soon . 
  not because i dont think it is a good idea , but there are plenty of brits that are n't ready to give up governing ourselves right now . 
  i wonder how the eu will function politically without the uk in there . 
  it 's always appeared that we were the main voice of opposition to many topics involving integration , but now that the loud voice in the room has gone how is that going to affect the dynamics . 
  is n't that same scenario happening in russia right now ? 
  i means there is n't anything in their that other counties do n't have . 
  it 's most likely because election season is coming up for her and she wants to be seen to look to `` punish the uk '' ... whatever that means . 
  10 million wow i had no idea it was that much . 
  it really was one of the most beautiful places i 've ever been to . 
  i mean i 've seen braveheart at least twice so i think i know what i 'm talking about . 
  maybe that 's just you . 
  i went a few years ago and found it lovely . 
  to be fair , the lad didnt do so well without her which leads me to the conclusion that it might not have all been her fault in the bedroom department . 
  does every other country in europe use a bitet ? 
  i imagine it would correlate pretty well with how many young people are in those regions , with more rural regions with a high population of older people . 
  perhaps a better map would be to narrow down the age bracket for the women . 
  ah that 's my bad for misreading it then . 
  is france not a permanent member of the un security council ? 
  go us apparently as well . 
  i mean it 's hardly surprising is it ? 
  one of the biggest countries in the union is on the way out after all . 
  i think he 's had quite enough already . 
  sure , but being intolerant of other peoples point of view can also be self destructive . 
  i do not want to imply that i am in favour of the referendum result , but you 'll catch more fly 's with honey and vinegar . 
  this just seems vicious though . 
  the_donald esc shit, 
  sure , but would you feel the same if the us and russia tried to break up the eu ? 
  it 's the same situation to the eu trying to break apart the uk, 
  i think that is fair , but i also feel that if the eu wants to continue to become more federalised then eventually this was going to come to a head . 
  it was just unfortunate that it happened to coincide with the eu struggling to deal with the migrant crisis which in my opinion was the nail in the coffin for us . 
  sure , but brexit has been building for years and years . 
  did you not see who we elected as our mep representatives ? 
  i 'm hardly a fan of it myself , but if you could n't see brexit as a strong potential outcome then i 'm sorry but you were n't paying attention . 
  unlike the us we have n't swung from one policy to another with wild abandon, 
  really ? 
  maybe as a citizen of the uk i find it easier to follow , but i 've always thought our foreign policy was generally straightforward , whereas the trump administration seems all over the place . 
  can i stab it with a knife please ? 
  i can kind of understand this . 
  when you know a system well then you can spot the flaws in it much easier . 
  could you write this commandment on some sort of stone tablet for me ? 
  i really struggle with to follow laws that are n't on stone tablets, 
  yea maybe , but unfortunately that 's just how this works . 
  building a better society does n't come easy , and sometimes you can only learn from your mistakes . 
  i think at least for the uk it has been an issue that has until now not been highlighted , however we are now looking to curb radicalisation everywhere from the school playground to prisons , so some work is now being done in this area . 
  we have dropped funding quiet seriously in the past few years so this may have something to do with it . 
  even there i 'd doubt it . 
  there will be some farmer knocking around somewhere . 
  it seems to me that the only way the issue is going to go away is if they are given an actual referendum on the matter , but until that happens then i cant blame the separatists for feeling oppressed . 
  the thing i feel that should be taken away from both the scottish and brexit referendums that took place here in the uk , is that the benefits of being in the unions was never emphasized . 
  i am sure that there are plenty of benefits to being one country under spain , but if you cant convince the majority of people living there that this is the case , you have no right to govern them . 
  which one is the irish and which is the french ? 
  everyone i know with a degree has been able to find a job after a maximum of a year post study , so i would say there 's a good job market in he uk . 
  yea non aged whisky . 
  if it 's similar to that then i ca n't say i 'll be running out to buy a bottle tbh, 
  i 've tried white dog a few times and new make scotch . 
  i assume it 's similar to those right ? 
  i just use the cold tap and deal with it . 
  it 's the truest form of our stif upper lip attitude . 
  yea i was n't disputing it , i was just trying to approach my answer based on their previous position . 
  if gibraltar wants to stay british then it should stay british . 
  there is n't another issue here . 
  why would spain even want another separatist movement i their country ? 
  well yea pretty much , but what did you think would happen ? 
  the dup said they would be putting northern ireland first in these negotiations , so that 's what they did .
