  all he would have to do would to swing a little bit closer to centre and i think he would have a good chance of winning , but the guy is too stuck in his ways to listen to the rest of his party . 
  i feel the word xenophobia is becoming more misunderstood these days . 
  if we look at it like any other phobia as a simple irrational fear , then it can be better understood by those who do not share this fear as a simply a behavior based on a small number of negative experiences , or a just a fear of the unknown . 
  if people could simply take the world xenophobia and make it less personal then we may be able to understand it better as a simple lack of education on the subject of different cultures and races , and can be mostly removed by positive exposure with these cultures . 
  however the big issue is that xenophobia has caused such distraction in the past that it is hard to remove it from the context and therefore we often take xenophobia as a personal attack on our cultures . 
  oh very true but i think there is a longer chain of events that explains this that also proves my point . 
  the areas that had fewer immigrants ( that also leaned brexit ) are also some of the poorest regions in the uk . 
  poorer people tend to not be as educated as rich people and therefore are less adaptable to quick societal changes therefore having a more traditional mindset . 
  this leads to a natural fear of change , and so when coupled with the trashy tabloids exploiting this fear and reinforce it , the fear grows , and with it a sense of xenophobia . 
  i agree that if the brexit map shows anything it shows that an exposure to immigration eases the tension dramatically as people see each other as individuals rather than a scary collective . 
  however when people are not exposed to it , and have only the fear mongering tabloids to go off of then , the fear of change can have a huge impact . 
  i would agree that my use of the word neighborhood was poor however . 
  agreed , i would even go as far as saying that we 're all human beings and should be judged individually rather than on our nationality . 
  however as humans we are predisposed to judge groups as a single and for those of a traditional mindset a large group of different people migrating into their patch is a scary concept . 
  i personally have had zero bad experiences with any polish people here in the uk and overall i feel they have integrated brilliantly into british society , and we are all the better for it . 
  i am simply talking about the impact of such rapid migration . 
  along with the explanation from u/theczechgolem , any influx as rapid as this into small traditional neighborhoods is always going to be upsetting to people who have lived there for decades and liked the way it was before . 
  it is not anything directly against polish people , it was simply such a big change so quickly is likely to cause issues whoever it is . 
  but if they make that promise they loose the ability to get that same deal from the eu without giving something else up . 
  this is a card that they would rather trade equally with the eu , but the eu wo n't budge yet , and therefore neither will the uk . 
  yea that sounds great value for money compared to the uk wow . 
  very jealous . 
  how much would the equivalent distance be in poland ? 
  what do you want , a cookie ? 
  who are ? 
  sure but simply boasting about every good thing that happens in the uk since brexit is only going to encourage the anti brexit people more . 
  cant we just agree that small term growth/decline is not indicative to the long term prosperity of the uk ? 
  yes but it would be against the constitution to reverse this . 
  i mean states can not secede in the usa , why would that be the case in other countries ? 
  sounds like you just dont like being outvoted on referendums if i 'm honest . 
  i think it might be worth you moving to the uk sometime soon if you feel so passionately about this . 
  in a way i agree with you in that the eu really struggles to deal with these issues because at this moment in time we are in a weird `` unified '' messy middle ground with state laws and eu laws clashing all over the place . 
  however i would argue that there will naturally be issues in areas like this as the eu begins to transition to become ever more centralised economically , and actions like this are simply some of the first steps down the road of super state europe . 
  its only been held by the left for 4 years . 
  before that it was held by the right for 17 years . 
  ok , then how do you change their views ? 
  if you put them in that box then they will continue to fight you , and like it or not but their vote is worth just as much as yours . 
  well theyre in a tough position are n't they . 
  if they reviel a plan then it disadvantages them at the negotiation table . 
  their best bet is to act like mr big bollocks that can get everything they want , that way everything you give up can be a hard fought battle . 
  the issue is that they also have to look like fools as every other eu nation attempts like look like mr even bigger bollocks to try and get the best deal for themselves . 
  that 's the optimistic view point anyway . 
  the other is that they 've been twiddling their thumbs for the past 6 months and have made no progress at all . 
  honestly the more i hear this from the eu the more i begin to think maybe we can pick and choose these . 
  it 's been said so many times that its beginning to sound like a desperate cover up . 
  i would say it has much more to do with the percentage of muslims living in these countries . 
  the uk has a much higher number of muslims than hungary , poland etc , so it is harder to stigmatize on a race of people that you interact with more . 
  yes i was thinking that too . 
  from the outside the us has many more pressing problems than terrorism . 
  i 've not seen one so far that i 've liked . 
  they all seem very gaudy if you ask me . 
  please do n't believe this as its complete nonsense . 
  maybe , but i suppose this way we never have to find out what would have happened . 
  either way britain gets out of the system , and the eu gets to move ahead with a lot of other projects it would have found the uk as an opponent to . 
  win win surely ? 
  how so ? 
  have you got any information on these long term economic forecasts for the uk ? 
  all i here these days is that right now we have no idea whats going to happen . 
  it would be a great comfort to see something positive for once on this . 
  to be fair to them , the title of this article is complete arse . 
  it was simply a request to take an extra 10,000 more on top of the 20,000 that we have already pledged to take , but the headline is designed to be much more provocative . 
  mr turk then goes on to praise the work that the uk and it 's people have already done which is nice . 
  i understand all of that , but i feel attacking them for doing a generally noble act is a bit of a dick move . 
  they knew the risks , and helped anyway , if you ask me they should be thanked not insulted . 
  stupid seems like a harsh word considering they were only trying to help people survive a civil war . 
  perhaps they felt that the people in syria were in much greater need of help . 
  sounds like i will have to try it myself then . 
  i 've never had italian ice cream before . 
  what is inherently different about it ? 
  ha , i think you 're reading far too much into that last line of grumble 's post there dude . 
  but if you 're determined to base you 're entire view of my country based on a 2 % swing in a public poll then so be it . 
  it really feels like the uk is experiencing an incredible level of change right about now and nobody knows what the final outcome is going to be . 
  one can only hope that it is as boring as possible . 
  certainly britain 's colonial history has helped when it comes to spreading it 's influence around the world , but because of the dozens of nations that qualify under that it has resulted in a modern day global reach in influence . 
  just take a look at the work that [ the commonwealth ] ( http://thecommonwealth.org/our-work ) group of nations has helped achieve from building global trade , to boosting youth employment in developing countries . 
  britain navy is also a key player in keeping naval trade lanes open from east asia to the horn of africa , and the british military have helped train armies from denmark to somalia . 
  there are certainly countries that do more globally than us , but we are certainly doing a lot of work to make the world a better place . 
  incorrect . 
  hmrc uses eu guidelines , and works with the eu to enforce these around the world , but the uk government still does most of the grunt work here . 
  i agree the influence of the eu is greater than the uk in enforcing these , but the uk will certainly be able to protect these brands in their key market locations without the support of the eu . 
  that 's probably what the nazis said , 
  i think you spend too much time on reddit mate . 
  we 're still number 4 on the [ good country index ] ( https://goodcountry.org/index/results ) , and number 5 on the [ world giving index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_giving_index ) i 'd say we do our bit to make the world a better place . 
  actually this would probably be a really bad thing for scotch and one of the main reasons the swa was backing the union campaign in the scottish independence referendum was that they believe that an independent scotland would raise taxes on whisky . 
  this article seems a bit weird because the uk government has been protecting the name of scotch whisky around the world for decades already . 
  it certainly helped to have it enforced by the eu as well , but it was hardly relying on this . 
  well i do n't know about dropped . 
  i mean it 's literally the core goal of the party still , but they will probably stop banging on about it for a while, 
  i think that point might be hard to make for someone who has n't learnt another language already . 
  as in , you do n't know what you 're missing , so your point has a hard time resonating . 
  maybe they just had something else going on . 
  you know how it is . 
  well my eye sight might not be what it used to , but according to the graphs that i saw before the paywall came up we have one of the best finishes in the last 2 quarters of last year , and we have the lowest unemployment figures in 40 years . 
  this year has certainly been a bit bumpy so far , but you have to take the rough with the smooth . 
  not exactly looking terrible either . 
  just kind of meh ... ish, 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  there is no reason the eu has to support us in these matters outright , so it was up to johnson to sell this to others and he did a shit job . 
  i do n't know what the tories were thinking putting him in such a position , the mans a complete idiot . 
  nice video , although it looks like a checklist of `` sights in london '' if i 'm honest .
