  well he 's made plenty of threats because he 's an uncouth moron , but that does n't mean you have to lower yourself to his level . 
  you ca n't ignore the biggest world power and your biggest ally , but the blokes been in power for a week , and it already seems like he 's got too much on his plate . 
  i agree , he has said a lot of wild things , and his nato issue was one of the most alarming . 
  but instead of running around scared theresa may traveled over to meet him , and got him to affirm ( through gritted teeth ) that nato was important and that he would not abandon it . 
  this was the right approach to make . 
  not shouting about how scary the world is and pointing figures like tusk is . 
  of course he 's right about it . 
  but these are talks that are supposed to happen behind closed doors with a calm and measured approach . 
  instead he is talking to the press about this and causing more damage to the alliance we have wit the us than if he had said nothing at all . 
  i understand that the new us administration is different than the last one and that this is to be discussed and considered . 
  but what i do n't understand is why this has to be framed in such alarmist terms , and why this discussion has to be had in front of the media . 
  the alliance with the us and europe has lasted more than 70 years this point . 
  please at least act like it wo n't fall apart after one man has one week in office . 
  honestly can these `` diplomats '' keep their mouth shut and act like professionals for 5 minutes !, 
  when weird stuff happens to an allied country it 's not a time to start yelling nonsense at the top of your lungs . 
  i think the tourist that behave properly simply are n't attracted to what ibiza offers in the way of entertainment , so if you get rid of them then ibiza goes belly up . 
  eh sounds like a mess then . 
  we do have far too many of these idiots here in the uk . 
  i blame the education system that we have for not instilling a real understanding of what alcohol is and why it should be enjoyed and not abused , but hey ho that 's how its been for centuries now and i cant see it changing anytime soon . 
  but this is a tourist attraction , and these are the people it attracts . 
  surely you should have the right level of policing to deal with the need for the area ? 
  i dont want to be rude , but it sounds like they 're just really poor at their job then . 
  the same idiots are doing the same dumb moronic shit on our own streets every friday saturday night but our police just deal with it . 
  i agree this is all a generalisation but i would say this covers it for most people . 
  english can not english either . 
  there is certainly a better way of writing this headline, 
  i feel its usually the other way round where english people will describe themselves has british for the most part , but scots and welsh people will sometimes avoid using british as to disassociate themselves from an unfavorable position one might have with the english . 
  or that the idea of liking such a slimy arsewipe is n't universally appreciated . 
  i believe this fund is more aimed at south american countries where deforestation is a big issue . 
  typically britishly do nothing weather compared to typically loud , wide and americanly bullish weather . 
  sounds about right to me . 
  my toilet paper says for every tree they use they plant 3 trees . 
  step it up poland !!, 
  to early to tell . 
  she 's got a plan ... ish , but can she deliver . 
  this brilliant !, 
  hold on , where in this article did she mention threats to the eu ? 
  did i miss it ? 
  ( genuine question ), 
  in what way is this not diplomatic ? 
  britain is looking at this eu exit as a potential blank slate to reshape the country , this is simply attempting to outline a possible future for the country . 
  the uk actually has the [ highest number of tornadoes per/km in the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tornado_climatology ) . 
  they are just really weak compared to american tornados generally . 
  i mean you didnt even try to answer my question there ... 
  but even if your theory is correct , why does n't russia simply open it 's arms and allow these people to move to russia ? 
  why does he have to shoot them ? 
  lol well all for stiff upper lip british indomitable spirit . 
  i just understand the frustration of seeing something people care a lot about dismissed and rejected by someone . 
  it 's fair enough to be angry at the uk right now , but to follow this analogy you made our divorce whist temporarily awkward , throws up plenty of opportunity for both party 's to move on to a better and brighter future . 
  yea i wondered if it might be and i think for a good number out there it is still quiet a shock . 
  maybe living in the uk and talking to the people who voted out makes it easier to come to terms with it . 
  we are also the ones who have to live with it , so we have to look into the future now . 
  as a traditional lefty i feel very disappointed by labour right now , everything they have done for the past year is just pathetic and they are pulling in more votes for the conservatives than the torys could ever dream . 
  the why wont russia actually come out and say they have declared war on ukraine to restore yanoukovitch ? 
  russia 's actions have not been those of a country that is playing by the rules . 
  they are hiding their intentions and lying about what is going on . 
  surely if they were in the right then there would n't be any need for all this sneaking around ? 
  thank god they are n't . 
  may has at least been respectful and tactful about this . 
  boris is a walking disaster at this point and the sooner he is replaced the better . 
  i 'm not entirely sure who you are talking about there , however for all the brits i have seen that are upset about this , i have yet to see one ( since maybe the first month after the vote ) that is in denial about it . 
  angry and worried about what is to come are emotions that are completely fair , and for all the years that fans of brexit have been moaning about the eu , 6 months is not a long time to be still upset about the referendum . 
  meh , my country is doing something rash , and potentially dangerous for everyone in europe , so i cant blame people for being upset . 
  it will all calm down at some point , but for a while we will simply get used to being glared at across the channel . 
  all i want is a set of easy to understand guidelines that shows me what/how my food can easily be recycled , and a system in place that i can use to achieve this . 
  the desire is there , but i just dont know how i can help . 
  it feels like we are improving here with standard recycling here in the uk , but the fact that each area has its own rules and regulations is really confusing . 
  i dont know all the ins and outs of the concessions to scotland so correct me if i 'm wrong , but dont you guys get free uni tuition and a better funded nhs than england and wales ? 
  sure they could not be correct , but is it worth fracturing scotland about this major issue again just a few years after it happened before , and just a year or so after brexit . 
  i think the majority of british people are tired of referendums for a while . 
  that 's fair argument , but would n't scotland be better suited to wait to see exactly which way the wind is blowing before jumping out ? 
  that will take at least a decade surely . 
  i would expect another decade at least myself . 
  these things dont tend to reappear very quickly . 
  i do n't imagine this will make a huge difference but every little helps i guess, 
  oh god do n't say that i 'm already turning pink just thinking about it . 
  mate you need to calm down if you think u/danahbit 's comments are far right politically . 
  i disagree with him too but if the swiss like this law then they should be able to operate in their own country how they wish . 
  it 's not harming anyone . 
  ah yes well i agree with you there . 
  the stagnation of money at the top is causing all sorts of issues , however i fail to see how capping wages will help this at all ? 
  especially in a global economy because i do love my country but if i can simply move to the us or china and earn # 300 more for the same work i 'm afraid i would be more than tempted . 
  but if the company is only able to make that extra # 20 because of the structures set and run by people higher up then the worker did n't create the # 30 object . 
  the worker created a # 10 object , the market men and distribution experts and sales force made the item more valuable by their work . 
  the reason the bosses of the company get paid more is because they keep the whole thing working by organizing the labour force and motivating their employees into doing a good job . 
  i 'm not trying to argue that the system is perfect , but you seem to be of the opinion that most company bosses simply lie around all day doing nothing while his workers make them money , which is ridiculous . 
  does it not ? 
  wayne rooney has been the face of one of the most successful and loved football clubs around the world for years now . 
  he worked his arse off to get to where he is and he gets paid the big bucks because of this . 
  but that 's the same when johnny app dev creates the next big app . 
  they earn an enormous amount of cash selling off their great work to the highest bidder and the world keeps turning . 
  is it loosing ? 
  could the people that the bottom of the ladder be making more money if they were to do it without the bosses ? 
  if so , why do n't they ? 
  surely we can promote stem fields without punishing successful other people ? 
  hey if they pay their taxes in the uk i 'm happy for rooney to earn # 1m a week . 
  it 's not coming out of my pocket . 
  what does it matter how much someone earned , as long as they have n't done anything wrong to get it . 
  agreed . 
  he 's a fringe leader in a mainstay party .
