  bourbon . 
  good quality local small batch bourbon, 
  that does n't make them not delicious . 
  yes all the home nations are good fun to get behind in most sports these days . 
  then it begins to diffuse out to say france and a few other european teams particularly for romania for some reason . 
  yea that 's fair ... no one really likes the welsh here either . 
  see this is why i 'd choose france . 
  they can be so up their own arse that it would remind me of home . 
  there are a good chunk of young girls where i live wearing them , but i get the impression many of them are here on student visas from more traditional countries . 
  no i agree , i just asked about scotland because you yourself are scottish i assume , and therefore would know more than me perhaps . 
  i know a decent amount about scottish history , but not enough to judge one figure in enough detail . 
  what scots would you add to that list ? 
  he 's more of a protest vote . 
  quick , someone get mr gregg on the phone , i 've got an idea . 
  mexico has a great pasty tradition from what i 've heard so maybe its a good idea to start there . 
  it 's a good little pub , but it 's always busy is the issue . 
  but here 's a little of our founding history from wikipedia . 
  `` in anglo-saxon times , around 600 ad , the site formed part of the kingdom of mercia , where it was known as `` tigguo cobauc '' meaning in brythonic `` a place of cave dwellings '' , until falling under the rule of a saxon chieftain named snot , [ 15 ] whereby it was dubbed `` snotingaham '' literally , `` the homestead of snot 's people '' ( inga = the people of ; ham = homestead ) . 
  snot brought together his people in an area where the historic lace market in the city can now be found . '', 
  when he takes his rightful place as king of portugal you mean ? 
  alright kiddo clam it down will ya . 
  trump might not respect some of the things that you believe america stands for , but calling for his death is not helping heal the decides in your nation . 
  well listening to the guardians podcast this week they were saying the snp was using an indyref2 idea as a way to push for eea membership which i 'm not sure about . 
  i like the idea of eea membership but in a way the idea of not relying on the eu market could work out well too . 
  fuck there is just so many unknowns in all this shit . 
  really wish remain had just won . 
  sure but surely you 're in a great position here to wait and see and then potentially pick the better side . 
  why is there suddenly this urgency to force the issue now when frankly no one knows what might happen in the next 2 years ? 
  is trident really that bad . 
  what 's the issue there ? 
  by i do n't mind helping to fund the progressive projects in scotland at all i wish i could get some of that in england but i understand that an expense like that is enormous compared to scotland 's costs . 
  but is n't there an advantage to staying in the u.k. which is happy to support you in bad economic times ? 
  and what is there really to gain from the eu that you arnt getting from the uk ? 
  i think calling it english exceptionalism is a bit much there simply because there are plenty of people in this country that feel that the uk does n't need the eu to prosper as a nation . 
  sure the papers are hugely frustrating , but it was n't just daily mail voters that came out to vote leave . 
  ok but what is so bad about being under a tory government if england is able to fund your more progressive policies already ? 
  in essence , what would change if scotland was independent ? 
  there has been a lot of `` tough talk '' on both sides of the issue with nothing done yet . 
  hopefully we can begin to get these issues sorted once a50 is declared , and in particular the issues with nationals and on how the oversea territory is going to work . 
  no that 's true , and i do n't think anyone is looking to come out of the two years after a50 without some sort of trade deal between the u.k and eu . 
  what do you mean by n. ireland and gibraltar ? 
  do you think they should have referendums or something ? 
  the common market feels like a gamble that may or may not pay off . 
  we could open ourselves up to the rest of the worlds trade which would be limited from why i understand by the eea 's high standards , but that relies on good trade deals to come through sooner rather than later . 
  either way i feel we will see a stagnation in growth for the next few years , but hopefully we can push through that without too much damage . 
  hmm that seems pretty dumb when taking about the 5th biggest economy and one of the largest military 's in the world . 
  brexit or not britain will most likely have a significant impact on the world , even if that is impact is of self destruction . 
   british empire is resurrected do some people really think brexit was about the old british empire ? 
  i 've seen statements like this a few times on here . 
  from my perspective there are two possible big downsides to a sort brexit . 
  firstly the freedom of movement issue which a lot of the referendum was based on , but that the eu would demand in order for a a britain post eu to sign up to to joining the eea would cause huge backlash against the government for not `` following the will of the people '' or some other rubbish . 
  also an eea britain would have very little control over its own economy and would still be very heavenly dependent on the eu . 
  i 'm not a fan of brexit myself , but i can understand the thinking from the government . 
  there was discussion on what a brexit might actually look like before the vote , but most of the talk was about yes or no back then . 
  since then most seem to have wanted a soft brexit but with the freedom of movement set as a almost certain trade off for staying in the common market , may announced back in october that hard brexit would be the decision . 
  yea i would say we have fewer peanut butters but way more variety of jam . 
  i genuainly think some people just dont know any better as well . 
  i work in a whisky specialist and when people come in and ask why you would spend # 40 on a bottle of alcohol or ask what the most alcoholic whisky we have in is then i simply cant help them because they need a whole other level of education to understand what quality is . 
  the problem in my mind is that when you turn 18 the majority of your exposure to alcohol is seeing drunk people on tv , so that 's naturally what a lot of stupid kids immediately do with it because they do n't know any better . 
  we demonize alcohol in school , and then expect kids to know how to be responsible when they turn 18 , it 's bloody baffling . 
  ouch man get into the countryside for a bit . 
  there 's a whole host of small welsh or yorkshire towns to visit and the highlands are truly a magical place . 
  is belfast worth a visit ? 
  i went to dublin recently and was entertained but overall disappointed , but i want to know whether i should give irish cities a round two ? 
  i would say the closest example to a big religious politician in recent years was tony blair from the left . 
  he certainly made more of his religious beliefs than any other politician that i can remember . 
  they always seem very friendly to me . 
  i 've only had the pleasure of meeting a few outside of work ( most i know seem to work in the local cafes round here ) , but they always seem happy to be here and really energetic to talk . 
  then again this seems to be the case for most european immigrants i talk to here now that i think about it . 
  oh that 's a nice way of doing it . 
  not going to ask for it here in the uk but if you 're going to conscript you might as well do it right . 
  if it is so easy to get out of then why have a conscription at all , why not just make it an easy option to join ? 
  best chips i ever had were in deal in kent . 
  whitby have to be up there though . 
  completely agree . 
  there is essentially no difference between and englishman , welsh , scot or irishman so lets stop focusing on what makes us different and lets focus on unifying and building up this country . 
  yes i certainly agree that the country as a whole is diverse , and ad a midlander i certainly feel that my area and the people round here are often forgotten in favour of london . 
  but i would make the same argument for the uk as a whole as i would make for the eu , which is that we have far more in common than some would have us believe and that sticking together rather than breaking apart is far more beneficial . 
  the system is not perfect , and the more privileged areas of the country need to understand this , but when i talk to welsh people and when i talk to scots and n. irish folks i feel i am talking to someone with very similar views of the world as myself . 
  and i simply ca n't say that about many other nationalities . 
  he 's literally the most honest person you 've ever seen believe me . 
  we 're not over it . 
  i did n't buy one at the airport , i did n't buy one for christmas , and i wont buy one for easter !, 
  you messed up switzerland !, 
  we 're going to learn to cook awesome food ? 
  i know being english my opinion on all this minority heritage stuff is worthless , but i 'm actually a little bit anti national heritage if i 'm honest . 
  it just seems to create a divides in the nation and builds up resentment through historical grievances that really should n't be of concern these days . 
  i am fascinated by the history of the various regions of the britain and ireland and i have full respect for loving the history of the area you grew up in . 
  but i would rather try to limit historical nationalism to the rugby pitch . 
  they 've got these really weird sign posts where someone writes the place name and then scribbles nonsense all over the rest of it . 
  i think that 's what hes talking about . 
  wow , who would visit birmingham by choice ? 
  except st george 's day because that would be a bit too much . 
  either . 
  i 'm just interested in history . 
  can you link me to some of this history of english perception of the scottish language please ? 
  from what i understand it was more of a natural phasing out beginning in the royal circles that were naturally dominated by the english and then simply spread from there , but you are describing it as more of a vindictive purposeful project . 
  we started with dublin castle which was good as it gave us a good context for every other historical tour we did after that and the tour guide was great . 
  the guinness storehouse was excellent as was the teeling distillery so highly recommended there . 
  kilmannan gaol was amazing as well as it tells the story of the irish revolution from 1916-1922 in great detail and without any brit bashing which was nice .
