  i 'm not sure we are tearing ourselves apart . 
  i think us brits have got used to disappoint when it comes to politics , so we tend to just grumble and get on with normal everyday life like nothing ever happened , whisky simply hoping that nothing too bad happens , and trusting that to people higher up at least have some idea of what they are doing . 
  eh sure , but i think if you are to take pride in your nations history you also have to be responsible for the atrocities too . 
  what we brits did in ireland is inexcusable and i can only hope that we can now continue to work together for the betterment of both nations from now on . 
  they did n't have a flag . 
  i think that 's the point though is n't it . 
  you are looking back and judging the past based on your modern perspective , but you can not do this when discussing history because you end up comparing apples and oranges . 
  britain did n't do anything that any other nation in history did n't do . 
  we had power , and we invaded other territory to gain more power . 
  this exact scenario has been happening since the dawn of time , so if you 're asking me , as a brit , to feel sorry about this i 'm sorry but i simply do n't . 
  and the [ irish wolfhound ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_wolfhound ), 
  the problem is that there is n't really a concerted effort by any political party to push back against it . 
  labour is supposed to be britain 's second biggest party right now but the internal squabbles and disunity that is at the core of the part right now stops them having enough support to do anything right now . 
  the traditional pro eu party the liberal democrats lost so many seats in the last general election that it is really struggling to have its voice heard . 
  but trust me there are a huge number of people here that still dont want any of this to happen , but are simply unable to have their voices heard over the chants of democracy and ` will of the people ' . 
  also be aware that if we took a poll of the number of brits on this sub right now i 'm sure a huge number of them would be pro eu , which is why it is very disheartening to hear so many people loudly wish for the destruction of our country . 
  very good point . 
  yes you 're not the only one to describe it like this , and in that case i think it 's understandable to attempt to remove him from the ruling parties . 
  however there is clearly an underlying discontent within the netherlands that should be addressed before something comes along that sways even more people away from the normal running of the country . 
  ha where have we seen that before !, 
  well i only hope he falls even further in the polls , but i do hope the dutch government does something to address the underlying issue though . 
  it can really turn brexity otherwise from my experience . 
  ok that 's good to know . 
  it 's a tough job to take in so many people in such a desperate situation and there will always be issues with doing so , but hopefully things will work out well in the end . 
   what parties are excluding ruling with wilders ? 
  pretty much everyone . 
  so as a complete outsider to this that knows a little bit about this topic but not a lot , surely the dutch rather extreme example of proportional representation in parliament is designed to allow all people to express their views on the country in a proportional manner . 
  if the established parties effectively ignore the significant number of people who will vote for wilders then surely these people will only fuel the anti establishment feelings with these voters , and wont address the underlying cause of their problems with the current state of politics in the netherlands , as well as compromise the values of a proportional system ? 
  did they ? 
  i understand that refugees may struggle at first with migrating to a very different country than their own like germany , but i would have thought that most of these people had jobs back in their home countries and will try to find jobs in germany also . 
  then it is simply extremely interesting timing on the part of the european parliament . 
  i 'm usually very skeptical about conspiracy theories but this is certainly very interesting timing . 
  either way it does n't matter what i think or what really happened here , its what the electorate thinks , but i do believe this gives her more ammunition for her campaign , would you agree there ? 
  they think they will loose ? 
  that 's just as worrying then . 
  but the election is in just a few months time , surely this investigation wont be finished until then . 
  and then what . 
  if she looses then maybe this is worth doing , but playing a risky political move now rather than after the election seems foolish to me . 
  if she wins , she wont be sent to jail anyway . 
  yea i can understand that . 
  i voted remain but if this helps the government here get it 's act together eventually then it might work out well . 
  you 're right of course though , everyone will have their own reasons for voting , but this judgement just seems to add fuel to an already large fire . 
  exactly , same with brext . 
  my friend voted leave mainly because he had grown distrusting of the elite and felt that the eu had grown too power hungry and was in bed with the banks . 
  this type of political game would only help her i would assume . 
  what i 'm interested in is how this is supposed to help fight le pen . 
  the charges are clearly politically motivated so if you like le pen then you 're only going to see this as her fight against corruption in the eu . 
  and if you did n't like her then you were n't going to vote for her anyway . 
  all this seems to do is give her something to point at that says the elite is against her and out to hurt her . 
  i mean i guess if the eu would rather send a bunch of highly qualified an valuable members of society back to the uk i guess that 's fine . 
  seems a bit butt hurt but maybe in this case the uk has to do the honourable thing then that 's fine . 
  from the looks of it the house of lords might be drafting something to this extent . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39123604 ) i agree with you that on both sides of the channel the rights of all citizens need to be protected , and that if we are able to give this promise that so should the eu . 
  it 's also the worst of all curries though so not too much to be proud of . 
   royal house name was changed because world war i ( saxe-coburg-gotha to windsor ) did not know that . 
  cool fact . 
  you dont know em well enough then . 
  and india . 
  in nottingham we called the game itself dobby . 
  oh i do n't know . 
  its one of the stops on the east cost line from york to edinburgh ... scary stuff . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  do you have a source for your first point because it sounds like nonsense mate . 
  in what way ? 
  yea i 'd agree with you there . 
  we 're in a sorry state for politicians right now . 
  those bloody immigrants bringing over that pollution , choking our women and steeling good british pollution 's jobs !, 
  nottingham uk here . 
  the system is pretty useless here as the city is very compact and you can simply walk from one side to the other in under 15 mins . 
  we also have the best public transport system in the uk outside of londons underground so there really is n't much need for these bikes here . 
  well of course great britain is the most modest of countries . 
  ok so as an englishman i am confused by this complaint that you have simply because from what i understand , scotland already have 9 % of the vote in westminster compared to 8,1 % of the population . 
  also you guys get on average # 10.2 k of tax payers money spent per head , compared to my region of the east midlands with # 8.5 k per head . 
  so after looking at these statistics , i do n't understand why you feel under represented . 
  can you explain with any specific examples in which way you are underrepresented ? 
  i never took a class on this mate , so i am simply talking about my personal world view here ... but thanks all the same for talking down to me for no reason , i hope you feel better for it . 
  to answer your new points , i believe that british culture is strong enough to weather the attack from a small minority of immigrants that are pushing for sharia law , and that proper policing on this issue without resorting to extreme measures should be enough to handle these issues . 
  i am not scared of the people who want to destroy my civilisation because there are simply not enough of them to do it alone . 
  what does scare me though is the way that people may over react to these threats , and in an attempt to `` defend '' british society , and end up destroying it themselves with over reaching laws and aggressive police actions . 
  could you ask yourself a question for me . 
  do you believe that migrants could over through british society and install a middle eastern like state here ? 
  and if so , what makes you think this ? 
  your question was in fact , what have black people ever done for the west which i answered . 
  if you now want to know what makes coloured people better , the answer is nothing , they are equally good , and equally awful to white people , and therefore should be treated equally . 
  your question is rather vauge but i 'll have a crack at it . 
  if i am talking about my own country of the uk , we have had a very close relationship with many black populations through our colonialism the past few centuries and in many ways our countries historical wealth was built off the hard work of these conquered peoples . 
  as well as this we have a shared wartime history with particularly the first and second world wars millions of indian soldiers fighting alongside our homeland troops to defeat our german enermies . 
  so historically these people are very important , but even more recently there are thousands of intelligent and hard working people of colour working to better my nation with man mps and even the mayor of london coming from a historically migrant background . 
  however , even if non of this were the case , i do not see a reason that any particular culture should be treated as a lesser when compared to any other . 
  there are awful people in all walks of life , but just because you highlight some upsetting facts about one race/culture , that does n't mean that everyone who belongs to that culture is a monster . 
  i suspect that if the majority of the heads of state in the eu want to continue to publicly battle against the the president then there may well become a useful go between role that the uk can potentially fill well . 
  cardiff is a pretty modern city these days with a large young population , but north wales has always been a bit of traditional . 
  it 's creates a lovely contrast to southern england . 
  looks even better !, 
  love the colourful houses . 
  surely we 'd be around 63rd after all your little island sub nations ? 
  aye that 's not a bad point . 
  but what i might argue is that trumps potential downside may be higher . 
  the eu is in for a tough few years , and i 'm not sure they have the leadership to come out of it 100 %, 
  yea maybe , but he was elected on these anti eu principles , so i would have thought this would be seen as a vote winner for the gop,
