wow , i consider the wsj very right leaning , and nyt has become completely untrustworthy imo . 
  i would put npr ( national public radio ) at the top of the list for daily news , and * frontline * at the top as an in-depth news documentary medium . 
  it 's interesting that the french seem to have the highest overall percentage of people who do n't feel that these are moral issues in the first place . 
  i tend to agree with them for the most part . 
  do n't forget the one who thought an island could tip over if you put too many people on one side of it, 
  i 'd say there are several people in our congress that qualify for this category . 
  do n't the people who make these laws realize people will just stock up in advance ? 
  very very sad , considering italy 's rich history as a leader in higher education . 
  do n't forget that a lot of people in this country were against the iraq invasion and are not represented by the media nor the loud minority who make stupid jokes like this . 
  freedom fries ... oh my god what a facepalm that was . 
  that figures . 
  nbc screwed up everything else about the olympics . 
  romania !, 
  you 're right of course ... edit time . 
  thanks for that info . 
  what about ukraine 's eu neighbors : poland , slovakia , hungary , ~ ~ bulgaria ~ ~ romania ? 
  have they said one word about what is going on ? 
  cold gelatinous savory animal products do not have a texture-flavor-temperature combination i can stomach . 
  in the same category would be things like raw eyeballs , brains , and so forth . 
  : : shudder : :, 
  i think i 'd eat haggis much sooner than i 'd go anywhere near jellied eel . 
  agreed . 
  it should say < 10 , and  30, 
  i just think a a doctor should determine level of care , not a claims adjuster or policy maker . 
  it 's a good thing for sure , but it 's not all it should be , imo . 
  because we 're still going to have a model where we get insurance through for-profit health insurance companies , so we will still be burdened with problems like we have now where bean-counters decide what level of care is appropriate . 
  but even if we moved to a single-payer model , the government is too rife with corruption from special interests for it to work effectively . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/01/16/is-the-u-s-too-corrupt-for-single-payer-health-care/ ) is one article on that topic . 
  yes i 'm angry . 
  angry at my stupid greedy government and the bullshit way they convince the gullible public to vote against their own best interests . 
  even obamacare is n't going to improve the situation . 
  big pharma profits \u00fcber alles . 
  [ for example ] ( http://katskinner.com/katskinner/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/cafeteria6-e1380912558100.jpg ), 
  i first learned about it from the cranberries, 
  seriously ? 
  i thought gluten problems had to do with wheat allergies . 
  i 'm confused . 
  pie crust is n't usually wheat-free though i 'd like to nominate the [ banana split ] ( http://kindawarped.com/wp-content/uploads/banana-split.jpg ), 
  most of these are amazingly good stand-alone photographs, 
  interesting . 
  i had no idea irish was so different . 
   result of smoking - death pardon my ignorance , but does it really need to be worded this way ? 
  if you wanted to call someone a murderer would you say their result is death ? 
  wow i hope you mean 12pm lunch time , and not 12am midnight . 
  i can only judge them musically , as anthem lyrics are never without `` issues '' . 
  so : [ iceland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fkbxtdzkbc ) -- highly underrrated england -- especially [ this version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjephmiqtjm ) ... and then the ones most others here like . 
  did you happen to read the subtitle of the article ? 
   john kerry delivers diplomatic slap in the face to britain , ** failing to mention them among list of supporters ** fuck these idiots . 
  i do n't support this warmongering crap at all . 
  british parliament was right . 
  you 're both wrong . 
  terrorists try to elicit fear among the public . 
  the mafia prefers to operate in secrecy , threatening individuals privately and quietly . 
  so ... thanks for distracting from the real issue , which is the power of the megarich in a capitalist society . 
  home of brilliant musicians and mathematicians, 
  not just hot pepper ... * smoked * hot pepper . 
  so good . 
  absolutely . 
  even smallish companies ( ~ 1000 employees ) that do any kind of international business have at least a regional sales office in europe . 
  wow , it was my understanding that shopping daily for food was practically a part of french culture . 
  so then it sounds like the issue is convenience of eating on the go . 
  i think 50 or 100 years ago someone would not care that a baguette did n't hold food , they would eat it sitting down with food on a plate . 
  but as always , it 's only the bad ones who are visible . 
  any muslims who are peacefully minding their own business are not included in the tally of how many muslims act good or bad , because they are not doing anything to be noticed . 
  there are lots of catholic in france , for one thing . 
  ehh ... rich people are the new monarchs, 
  i know there are always mistakes with the auto-translated version , but i feel that i can usually get the gist of what is being written . 
  do you find mistakes that completely change the meaning ? 
  i 'm put off by the tone of incredulity in this question . 
  why should n't the french ( or anyone else ) want to protect their culture ? 
  i am envious that they still have a coherent culture , instead of the muck we have managed to make of ourselves in the us . 
  i thought you meant at the individual level , but pro-gun-control politicians are not uncommon in the more liberal states . 
  feinstein of california is going to introduce a new bill this week in the wake of this incident . 
  at the local level , strongly anti-gun politicians are pretty common in urban liberal areas . 
   there is no debate over gun law here . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i guess you must live in an insular pro-gun part of the country . 
  you should get out more . 
  there is plenty of debate and anti-gun sentiment in this country . 
  i 'm surprised jarlsberg needs protective policies . 
  i 'd buy it all the time if it was n't so extremely expensive over here . 
  by far my favorite sandwich cheese . 
   economou is this guy 's name actually something like `` mr. economy '' ? 
  what the hell is that ? 
  it 's very catchy btw . 
  edit : ok , apparently [ an entire meme i had never heard of before ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/serbia-strong-remove-kebab ), 
  seems kind of annoying to have features like this forced on you , but i will say , i used to have an isuzu that had a little light that would go on when it thought i should upshift , and i found it kind of a nice feature . 
  the light was very small and unobtrusive though , which is how it should be imo . 
  it 's hard for me to grasp the idea of not liking people in another city because of what happened 800 years ago . 
  wow ... well whoever this journalist is , i 'm sure rupert murdoch would love to hire him , if he does n't already work for him . 
  sounds like a business opportunity for someone ... 
  perhaps italy has different plans . 
  anyone else take the geography quiz linked within the article and find it ridiculously easy ? 
  the most sensible approach to food is to first consume what is produced locally . 
  this practice minimizes waste of resources to transport things long distances , and maximizes freshness . 
  the people do n't see someone as an enemy because they work their ass off and achieve great things ; they see them as an enemy because they hoard indefensibly enormous amounts of resources for themselves , and influence laws to allow their greed to be considered legal . 
  every company owner who sells a good and makes a profit is taking some money from each consumer of that good . 
  if the company 's profits are so great that the owner can become a billionaire , well to me that is a pretty good indicator that the selling price of the goods was far too high , which means he took considerably more money from people than he should have taken . 
  why should those people then consider him anything but a selfish shit when he refuses to even pay taxes which still leave him far more money than almost anyone else in the world ? 
  i do n't understand why money is the only motivator .
