that 's ridiculous . 
  hungary 's no saint by any means , but it has turned into a `` who can kick the biggest into this country '' - competition in western europe . 
  that 's because hungary is trying to enforce the eu 's own laws and expectations . 
  make no mistake about that , the current government does n't do it to save europe or to be law-abiding , they are doing it solely for their own political good . 
  still , this is damn ridiculous . 
  this is great . 
  it should really be handed out to the masses when they register and file for asylum in germany . 
  take a look at this mate https://i.imgur.com/dqta8d4.png people on welfare in the netherlands they come to work eh ? 
  i complained about the ones who are coming to the eu for welfare , not about the ones that are coming to work . 
  i earned to work in luxembourg by getting a degree , building up a carreer , voting for hungary to join the eu to be able to work without visa . 
  i paid the higher taxes that were required in hungary to meet the requirements to join the eu , to join schengen . 
  these people are just storming all borders without any paperwork and demanding to settle in whichever country they want - and yes , a significant portion is doing it for welfare . 
  yes , but these migrants are n't all syrian . 
  they are also from afghanistan which does much , much worse i think . 
  google says 28.1 % literacy rate but i 'm not sure how accurate that is . 
  croatia told them that they will treat them with decency and respect . 
  they are protesting furiously for not being allowed to go further towards germany and that the trains are coming `` too slowly '' to get them to the slovenian border . 
  we even have migrants flooding to here , luxembourg from germany . 
  apparently germany are treating them like shit , right ? 
  almost no one speaks any european language . 
  the rate of illiteracy is around 20 % with 30 % more only knows the arabic abc . 
  do you really think these people will fit into the job market of these countries ? 
  if i 'm only wrong and prejudiced and the other half will immediately start to work , that would still mean millions of unemployed people in poverty and on welfare . 
  i think that the difference between you and i is that you trust people more than i do , which is nice . 
  i really hope that you will be the one who gets it right in the end . 
  in my opinion these people are just using and playing the good people like you for financial benefits . 
  what other motivations do you think they have ? 
  they are targeting the countries where they get the most welfare and state support . 
  what other evidence do i need ? 
  they are not running away from anything other than poverty . 
  noone is shooting them now . 
  the money should really go to the actual refugees . 
  those people who are roaming illegally across the eu now and targeting welfare-countries are not refugees . 
  they are economic migrants in a safe territory . 
  the real refugees in turkey , jordan and lebanon really need the help and should not be the target of the anger these migrants are causing here . 
  maybe , but in hungary the common notion is that romania already caught up to us in most aspects in the last 5-6 years . 
  sure , there are a lot of dirt roads and unbelievable potholes ( especially in transylvania ) , but they had it far worse in the communist era than hungary did , so they had to work from far behind . 
  as with most eastern european countries , corruption hits them hard as well , but in hungary stealing eu money became a goddamn national sport with a whole industry built around it . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  what the hell ? 
  is germany now the leader and decision maker of the eu ? 
  their recommendations are now mandatory for everyone ? 
  they caused the whole refugee crisis escalation by their idiotic and irresponsible rambling about `` no limit '' for syrian refuges and now want to punish those who are suffering the consequences . 
  great . 
  good job , neighbours . 
  meanwhile we were too busy stealing all the money for rich business owner 's new garden pools . 
  yep , you 're right , that 's what i meant - edited . 
  for a hungarian like me , this is the biggest laugh of the week . 
  this guy openly called our country disgusting for closing the border and `` violating human rights '' because we are forcing legal migration and registration . 
  not 30 hours later , they are doing the same thing . 
  way to go , milanovic . 
  that is so cool . 
  the refugee wave finally died down significantly , and then they are throwing this in . 
  it 's like they are actively working against themselves . 
  so happy that this has became international news !, 
  ^ for ^ fucks ^ sake ... 
  nice try , berlin police, 
  as the eu as a whole of course . 
  we are using that 3 billion to take care of the refugees , by giving it to you to help them where help is needed . 
  believe me , we are spending far more money on the ones that already here . 
  besides this , how are you any better than the people smugglers if you are looking for profit from the refugee crisis ? 
  it is unbelievable . 
  earn ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  you are expecting the eu to actually make this profitable for you ? 
  you are supposed to use that 3 billion eur to help and support the migrants and their deportation if needed . 
  shit that made my blood boil . 
  that hurts :(, 
  and this is the right thing to do . 
  please remember that the majority who are speaking out against the current refugee policy are not against the `` real '' refugees themselves , rather the opportunistic people who are piggybacking the actual suffering people . 
  hungarian extremists have been saying the same thing about prague , bratislava and bucharest since ages . 
  extremists ( let it be left or right ) are the dumbest motherfuckers in any nation , laugh at them and move along . 
  i might get moderated , but i have to say : we have to stop the muslim immigration and put everyone already here under heavy surveillance . 
  i do n't care who will label me islamophobic because of this , this is insane and something has to be done . 
  there is a clear correlation between the mass muslim immigration and this kind of things happening in europe . 
  yes , i am aware that not all muslims are terrorists , but i think this whole thing is past the point of soft approach . 
  we need stricter measures and we need to speak openly about the problems we are having with cultural differences and violent tendencies of certain cultures . 
  such a happy thread !, 
  cheers polish bros !, 
  `` i do n't use facebook '' is the new `` i do n't watch tv '', 
  are we absolutely sure that this report is accurate ... ? 
  it would be very surprising if she actually said that out to a reporter . 
  maybe a mistranslation or a few sentences taken out of context ? 
  they are committing a crime . 
  nobody is shooting at them in greece , nobody was shooting at them in turkey neither . 
  it is also lovely that there are busy and helpful activists who are essentially helping them to commit a crime against a sovereign country . 
  nothing gets done in hungary first . 
  except border fences . 
  finally we are topping a list !, 
  loooots of paprika . 
  also , depression . 
  i ca n't tell you how much money i lost by forgetting to text that damn `` stop '' . 
  not the systems fault at all , completely my stupidity . 
  to be honest , i do n't see the problem here it just looks scary if you do n't actually start to read it , then it takes 10 seconds to comprehend it completely, 
  i was really , really hoping for a solution in yesterday 's `` big meeting '' . 
  very disappointed . 
  on a side note , i do n't really understand this `` one syrian from turkey for one syrian who is deported '' stuff that was proposed . 
  what about the non-syrians ? 
  why is this good for anyone ? 
  why would a syrian be denied asylum ?
