  you see ? 
  you look away for a few hours and this happens !, 
  that is straight up a crime against humanity and of course a war crime . 
  they dont have a fair chance of dying in turkey or greece . 
  the article mentions that 3000 are arriving every day , could this be still correct with the balkan route almost completely sealed off ? 
  where are they coming from ? 
  italy maybe ? 
  nice try , greece, 
  she specifically said that she opposes all limits on numbers , and `` hopes '' that the total amount of migrants will stay under 1 million in 2016 . 
  sounds like a real powerful plan . 
  did merkel or sigmar gabriel condemn macedonia already for actually doing something to stop the refugee flow ? 
  or is it on tomorrow 's agenda ? 
  as a poor non-londoner , i find these posts hilarious, 
  ahh , its clear now , thanks !, 
  what i do n't understand about this whole thing is that why are we sure that the old woman 's submitted question is just a ruse ? 
  it is basically the same with other wording . 
  are we expecting her to withdraw it later just to win time to delay the referendum ? 
  or why does it matter so much that it was not mszp 's question that got submitted ? 
  obviously there is something that i am missing , otherwise there would not have been skinheads guarding the way to the stamping machine , but i just do n't know what . 
  sorry if its a dumb question . 
  edit : as it was explained by another user , the wording that was submitted would not be sufficient to completely abolish the mandatory closure on sundays , the government could go `` fuck you , okay , then shops can only be open until 10:00 , jokes on you democracy '' . 
  noted , apologies for breaching the guidelines . 
  i thought that the `` russia is only in syria to create more chaos and drive out more refugees to destabilize the eu further '' is only a conspiracy theory . 
  after seeing the last two month 's results , i now fully believe this . 
  unbelievable and shameful . 
  why on earth is a taliban supporter being let into european countries ? 
  it just blows my mind . 
  europe is so progressive that we are happily hand out free housing or shelter to possible mass killers and terrorists . 
  huge problem in hungary as well . 
  i 'm not exaggerating a bit when i say that it is now nearly impossible to find a reliable repairman , electrician , mason , etc. 
  whoever had the chance already emigrated ( temporarily or permanently ) to germany or to the uk and in the last 2-3 years it can be felt really remarkably . 
  people in the service industry are complaining as well saying that all the skilled cooks and waiters are now working in austria and the aforementioned countries . 
  however , i am not sure if this is a bad thing . 
  in the long run it will definitely lead to considerable wage rises in these sectors as it happens with all the less-than-abundant professions - and maybe this is eastern europe 's chance to close the eastern-western wage gap at least a little . 
  building the `` jungle '' was not `` unlawful assembly '' it seems . 
  im guessing a huntsman spider under the toliet seat, 
  why is that ? 
  from here he was always regarded as a positive figure . 
  or maybe that 's why ? 
  well , if they were going to intentionally censor the speech , there were `` harsher '' parts that they could have chosen to cut out . 
  i believe this was just a technical problem . 
  exactly . 
  i see this current refugee crisis as a much-needed wake-up call for the future . 
  this influx will highlight the need for effective schengen border control and the need of increasing the foreign aid - and maybe , just maybe can also put the humanitarian dangers of global warming into focus . 
  the danish ( and even the german ) government is doing the same with its own citizens for decades . 
  what is the problem here exactly ? 
  that asylum seekers do n't get special treatment and positive discrimination ? 
  that they are not being handled as superior beings than the native danish people ? 
  ridiculous . 
  seek refuge in sweden , kill the person helping you and essentially protecting you . 
  he would be a very productive and contributing member of the swedish society i 'm sure . 
  refugees are protesting against being put in tent camps again , they want normal ( free ) apartments handed out to them - this is exactly why they are not satisfied in turkey or lebanon and are embarking on the journey to germany and scandinavia . 
  no access to education and to the job market also plays a role , but i 'm not sure how big ... 
   `` i 'm not afraid . 
  my life continues as it was . 
  i had no problems in iran , `` he said . 
  this is infuriating and this should be punished . 
  piggybacking the actual refugees who need protection or are fleeing from a war zone `` just for fun '' , because `` you would get a free house '' . 
  well , everyone is going to germany anyway ... and the safe country-stuff does not work neither because they can always claim that they lost their ids and they are from syria . 
  another non-solution . 
  oh god , no . 
  please do n't think orban is a hero of any sorts . 
  he might have handled the refugee situation correctly ( at least in my opinion ) , but he is still an anti-democratic megalomaniac who is running a not-so-greatly hidden dictatorship . 
  noone needs him . 
  it really seems like sweden is governed by some tumblr-sjws . 
  if someone poses with an isis flag , he or she should be automatically and instantly deported or jailed . 
  it 's completely unacceptable that he was just `` under surveillance '' for this . 
  merkel 's recommendation to `` deport people faster '' is doing nothing to prevent these type of attacks in the future . 
  i want prevention , not the promise of harsh punishment . 
  if my girlfriend gets abused by somebody , the damage is already done and no punishment can reverse it . 
  germany 's ( and europe 's ) streets should be as safe as they were in april or may of the last year . 
  it was not perfect by any means , but my feeling is that it was much better than now . 
  poor pension systems . 
  i changed my downvote ( which i gave since the numbers seemed absurdly exaggerated ) to an upvote after i read your source . 
  it really is unbelievable , i never thought sexual violence is so common in relationships . 
  very sad . 
  savage, 
  it 's about the 1956 uprising against the soviets that was brutally supressed in the end . 
  sorry for the spoiler . 
  can confirm . 
  we have such a great country that we always have something to swear about , thus the proficiency . 
  oh okay , so that 's how you meant it . 
  apologies . 
  bouillon for hungary ... ? 
  that 's weird . 
  the ode to joy is the anthem for the eu , he did not mean it for hungary . 
  i do n't really undestrand why romania is considered as the `` home for all roma people '' . 
  maybe the `` roma - romania '' similarity ? 
  hungary has a huge roma population as well , yet its only romania who takes the blame for their behaviour regardless where those people are coming from . 
  nurses and teachers earn 400 euros per month if they are lucky , and for that they usually work at least 12-14 hours per day , mostly without paid overtime . 
  doctors do n't have it much better unfortunately . 
  it 's a damn shame that the people who are devoting themselves to help and educate others are getting shat on by our governments and nobody does anything against it for decades , no matter which political side gets into power . 
  i love this . 
  almost a million came in just 4 months and they immediately expect to have everything provided for them - from great quality free food to luxury housing . 
  how could one not see or understand that no country was prepared for this many refugees in such short time frame ? 
  at least they should have some patience towards their new `` protector country '' ... 
  orban is a goddamn idiot who is pumping the money out to his and his friends ' pockets and ruining our economy , running it to the ground slowly and gradually . 
  he is also responsible for driving a lot of people away from hungary ( including myself ) who are disillusioned by the political climate and the hopelessness for our future because of their mindless , money-pumping reign . 
  but he is not a fascist . 
  he just realized the opportunity to gain more followers from the far-right by playing some far-right tunes .
