  he is spineless , moralless , power-hungry sociopath . 
  is this it ? 
  reception centres for ten days of migrant influx ? 
  great job guys , this will really solve everything !, 
  as a hungarian living in germany , asking : is it legal immigration that is causing the problems , or the refugee crisis ( or both ) ? 
  if the legal as well , what are the problems that germany faces because of it ? 
  not trying to argue at all , just want to know the standpoint so that maybe i can also try to adjust , 
  would if i could , but i will need my car unfortunately . 
  thanks !, 
  im heading to budapest so czech republic seems like a feasible option . 
  i think i will avoid the german - austrian and the austrian - hungarian border ... 
  i am driving from germany to hungary in about a week , and backwards one week after that . 
  should i take the route via the czech republic in your opinion ? 
  do n't want to make an 11-hour trip any longer if not necessary ... , 
  and why ? 
  true , mate . 
  true . 
  if this was their plan all along with their whole stance on the refugee crisis , then this has to go down as one of the biggest strategic ruses in political history . 
  this was the best way to get back the 2/3 of the parliament places and destroy their main opponent for the 2018 elections . 
  now i am left wondering what could they do if they used all this strategical skill to actually run the damn country instead of stealing eu money , killing off opposition media outlets and digging themselves further into power . 
  sad , really . 
  yep that 's like a racist 's go-to r/thathappened story , way too `` perfect '' . 
  that should be a one-way ticket to deportation town . 
  they come to a country to `` start a new life '' , and the first thing they do is to cheat the system to claim extra benefits and treatment . 
  selfish assholes . 
  holy shit , this is staggering no wonder they want to strengthen the restrictions . 
  i am a hungarian in germany and of course i am not planning to live on welfare but we moved here only about 1,5 years ago so this could affect me as well . 
  despite this i find it fair but will make sure that i double check every email that i send in work to make sure they do n't fire me for at least 3,5 years more :d, 
  why on earth is the title misleading ? 
  europeans can be foreigners in germany . 
  it 's not the united states of europe ffs . 
  congrats , neighbors . 
  i really envy your efforts regarding corruption as well - might be tightly linked to the great economical performance lately . 
  in our apartment complex the central heating is off for the summer , but the towel radiator still works with the same screw-switch . 
  just my two cents , if that does not work despite op tried to set it everywhere , it might also be linked to the central heating as well there . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  by the way yep , i read german , 
  serious question : if someone has their private savings account at db in germany , would it be wise to take it somewhere else ? 
  just asking , you know . 
  for a friend . 
  maybe i was lucky but i had no problem with it , even despite the fact that i am only learning german since a little more than a year and only been semi-fluent since six months . 
  where i live , people are generally very accepting and friendly and i had no trouble making german friends neither . 
  could be different in a large city , but here ( smaller western-german city with around 100 000 inhabitants ) i was very positively surprised about this . 
  bottom line is , i do n't really think that it is hard to integrate in germany if you make a visible effort to speak the language and people can see that you are a functioning member of their society who tries to give back , not only to take away . 
  along with your sources, 
  finally someone said this . 
  i simply hate this non-argument : you said something that i do n't agree with ? 
  cite a source that i personally find trustworthy and legitimate enough to continue the conversation , and do it for every single half-sentence of yours to completely kill off any meaningful conversation !, 
  fuck this kind of person , really . 
  so essentially hungary are selling eu passports and citizenship for a 300k loan for 5 years , and in the meantime they are spitting on the eu and hating on it in every single public speech or article . 
  i am truly , deeply ashamed of my country and its government . 
  dude , you are hating on eastern europeans on this whole thread , and you are calling them xenophobic ? 
  how is your sheltered swiss life over there ? 
  he is from switzerland , lot of those guys hate every single eastern european they consider untermensch . 
  the one thing that he forgets that without the romanian , polish , slovakian and hungarian immigrants there would hardly be anyone cleaning the toilets and do the plumbing work at this fancy apartment in the z\u00fcrich suburbs . 
  i mean maybe the bar is really low for me after living in budapest for 30 years , but the `` before '' picture was not even that bad save for the empty and abandoned playground . 
  i did not say that we need to deport all refugees , i am only saying that the violent and criminal refugees should be deported after their first violent crime or act - big difference . 
  if the international conventions are not allowing this , then we need to work out a more fair system . 
  i am aware that this is an opinion that is wildly unpopular in sweden and germany as well - just last week boris palmer was attacked and ridiculed because saying this . 
  i get that , but then what is the solution ? 
  i mean , they are seeking refuge in a country and they show their gratefulness in groping and assaulting the local population . 
  i really do n't think that is acceptable , and these people have gambled away their right for shelter . 
  by the way , i hardly think being deported back to iraq , morocco , tunisia and afghanistan is equal to a death sentence . 
  europe does not need to import criminals . 
  whats up with islam and taking away every source of enjoyment from women ? 
  why is it so important for them ? 
  holy shit man , you are everything what is wrong with today 's europe . 
  quick !, 
  let 's show this imam how progressive and tolerant we are , and do n't do jack shit , let him preach jihad in europe !, 
  damn , it feels good to be a humanitarian !, 
  you are supporting an islamistic dictator who is currently doing a political cleansing in your country , torturing thousands . 
  you have absolutely no place in europe , along with those 30 thousand who support him as well . 
  while we are at it , what is so good about that dickhead that so many of you are mindlessly following him along ? 
  the man who said that `` democracy is only a train we ride just until we reach total power '' ? 
  and you are talking about supporting democratic values , ridicolous . 
  absolutely , i am hungarian so i must be supporting orban . 
  like every german alive at 1932-45 is a nazi , and every turk is currently raping prisoners after the coup attempt . 
  by the way , can you tell me how the pride parade went in istanbul for example ? 
  honestly , its scary . 
  so many `` western '' german turks supporting this islamistic shithead . 
  moreover , why on earth is a pro-erdogan demonstration being held and allowed on german ground ? 
  yes , this is especially why i do n't understand that the media is saying that she is not revising her stance on immigration . 
  this is a step to the right direction , it was obvious that she wo n't do a complete 180 . 
  i want to get off frau merkel 's wild ride, 
  those people are assholes . 
  if anything , hungary should be very grateful if a foreigner ( your parents ) choose to move and settle there . 
  again , i apologize in their names , although i know that it does not mean much . 
  really ? 
  i am sorry for this , how do you experience this discrimination ? 
  why would you ? 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  the problem begins when you start to feel estranged from your real home country and start to idolize another based on biased and twisted views . 
  there is nothing wrong with being proud of your heritage . 
  dont twist it , please . 
  its not about `` feeling for '' another land , it is about not feeling as a local in your true homeland despite you are a member of that society . 
  yep , you seem to be a very educated guy so i am sure that radicalization is completely out of question . 
  i just do n't really like the pattern , nothing personal . 
  still , in my opinion you kind of `` owe '' the british society at least the connection and the integration . 
  i know that it is easy to be like this , but glorifying a country that you have only visited yearly and it was certainly driving your parents away to the uk decades ago is not something i can understand easily . 
  in my eyes integration is the most important duty and obligation for everyone - for me as well , since i am also a `` migrant '' in germany .
