but the viewership data clearly indicates that what little brand awareness they do get from their soft pieces gets them nowhere in terms of drawing news viewers . 
  the same wife who spoke publicly on tv about having trouble paying her bills ? 
  i ca n't make the link any more self evident for you . 
  and one would think that if kommersant had planned this since august , they [ would have changed konyakhin 's job title by now ] ( http://imgur.com/n5ahdhm ) , would n't they ? 
  the time in the corner represents the time in the eastern us a couple of minutes ago . 
  lithuania 's prime minister put it well about a week back . 
  `` a lie is not an alternative point of view . '', 
  no , this move was not planned since august . 
  moreover , if it was planned , it is overwhelmingly likely that it would have publicly disclosed by now . 
  even more indicative is that the man has not yet commented himself . 
  and if you think that this is an innocuous reshuffling , you are profoundly deceiving yourself . 
  not only has this sort of thing happened before ( just about a year ago with lenta ) , and not only did kommersant later censor parts of the navalny interview , but the fact that it was pushed by the legal department clearly indicates that he was forced out . 
  that 's to say nothing of the fact that this news is nowhere to be found on kommersant 's front page as of 15:27 gmt . 
  if you honestly think that this is a harmless personnel reallocation , then i suppose you also believe that comrade kirov was assassinated by thousands of different people who were all american trotskyist spies . 
  kommersant is probably the single most respected news publication in russia . 
  according to this and russian-language articles , his dismissal came upon the recommendation of the legal department for fears of running afoul of russian censorship laws . 
  so you can guess exactly what happened here . 
  this is seriously so saddening . 
  the vestiges of real freedom in russia are being knocked down one by one , and it wo n't be long before none are left . 
  biblical literalism is not an idea that is a tenant of christian belief . 
  the gospel of mark was written by mark . 
  the gospel of john was written by john . 
  the idea that the quran is the literal word of god dictated directly by god to the prophet mohammed is a tenet of islam . 
  that is why mohammed is considered the final and greatest prophet . 
  they brought along a state media team to do a newscast on it . 
  even more hilarious is that they brought along publicity for this . 
  they want to be seen . 
  that 's an interesting distinction , and a salient point about the lack of state institutions and structures contributing to the mass slaughter . 
  it 's still undeniable , however , that there was mass lithuanian participation in the holocaust . 
  of course , that hardly distinguishes lithuania from a whole lot of eastern europe . 
  i think that this story holds a number of important lessons in today 's eastern europe . 
  the historical record is not neat , pretty , or cleanly cut in accordance with the imperatives of political palatability . 
  the mid-20th century was a time of horror and bloodshed beyond description , and this dark enterprise had many distinct participants and parties . 
  lithuania , and to a great extent ukraine , must not whitewash their own sins for the sake of national mythology or galvanisation against moscow . 
  i think that this story holds a number of important lessons in today 's eastern europe . 
  the historical record is not neat , pretty , or cleanly cut in accordance with the imperatives of political palatability . 
  the mid-20th century was a time of horror and bloodshed beyond description , and this dark enterprise had many distinct participants and parties . 
  lithuania , and to a great extent ukraine , must not whitewash their own sins for the sake of national mythology or galvanisation against moscow . 
  my gay russian friends who were forced to flee the country would beg to differ . 
  strong words , everyone . 
  strong words . 
  i 'm still confused as to what honest , decent reason would compel the signatories to accept that ludicrous trade court/suing countries for safety regs nonsense . 
  i submit this not necessarily as an endorsement , but because it represents a worthy piece of scholarship on political trends in europe . 
  when it comes to ukraine ( the context for which this article was written ) , i 'm much more worried about the activities of the far right outside of the political process rather than within the halls of an elected parliament . 
  good to have some context . 
  here 's what the valdai discussion club ( veeerrry pro-kremlin russian foreign policy forum ) just posted on its facebook page today : `` prime minister fico 's visit to moscow will gain great approval in slovakia , where the attitude towards russia is quite positive , stemming from historical traditions . 
  even central media fully aligned with western propaganda fail to have any cardinal impact on the high favour of russia with the slovak population , says jan carnogursky : http://valdaiclub.com/europe/77860.html '', 
  the horror . 
  the horror . 
  yeah , what do i know . 
  i 've just studied russia and russian history for more than half a decade ... 
  for a russian , you do n't seem to know much about russia . 
  what is being distorted ? 
  um , yeah , ivan the terrible was exceptionally terrible , bloody , and cruel . 
  and what you 're calling `` stereotypes '' are the fundamental bases of russian civilisation 's own self-concept and exceptionalism . 
  hey , remember that guy in pakistan who died from the fumes inhaled while burning an american flag ? 
  lm\u0416o, 
  the euro-atlantic order is the basis of modern economic life and the backbone of global security . 
  as a scholar of the grand chess game of geopolitics and international relations , europe seems like a natural subject of interest . 
  i also have loved the time i 've spent in the old world , and y' all 's history and cultures are just so damn fascinating . 
  they 're onto us !, 
  but until that day , or until they ban me for good ... 
  my point is that this is not the simple intellectual matter that you seem to consider it . 
  stalin was one of the most abominable people to ever walk this earth , and the things he did represent some of the greatest evil ever perpetrated in history . 
  do not trivialise this as a matter of casual historical debate . 
  this is truly , awfully , torturously real . 
  * the gulag archipelago * is not a good read . 
  it is the definitive expose on the horrors of stalinist repression and the gulag system . 
  it spells out in excruciating detail how the stalinist government asphyxiated and crushed every last glimmer out of political life in the territory of the soviet union . 
  it spells out the pure , unadulterated evil that was stalin and the gulag . 
  god willing , it will fuck every fold of your mind raw . 
  because i can not stand to see such ignorance go unchallenged . 
  * the gulag archipelago . 
  * i hope you find shame . 
  jesus christ , you need to read some books . 
  because they were politically undesirable . 
  because some of their members were suspected of collaboration with the nazis ( because when the nazis came , people thought that they could n't possibly be worse than the soviets ) . 
  because they wanted to terrorise the soviet population . 
  so they could have sufficient slave labour to build the new russian empire . 
  have you done no study of this ? 
  are you totally ignorant of the history of the bolsheviks you seem to admire so much ? 
  do you not know that stalin killed off pretty much the entire bolshevik party other than himself ? 
  how could you possibly be this ignorant ? 
  that 's like saying it 's okay to bulldoze auschwitz because we have plenty of other memorials elsewhere . 
  no , they literally deported entire populations of dozens of ethnic groups to siberia and central asia . 
  they liquidated the intellectuals and community leaders of dozens of peoples . 
  they destroyed heritage and murdered millions . 
  yes , it was genocide , and i know what the hell i 'm talking about . 
  the system of soviet repression ? 
  the political and social environment in russia ? 
  the kremlin 's strategic control and manipulation of the dissemination of information throughout the entirety of russian history ? 
  yeah , i 've studied this shit . 
  well , i 've studied this shit for years , so , yes . 
  your ignorance is astounding . 
  the bolsheviks committed genocide against more peoples than you have fingers and toes . 
  they killed to meet quotas . 
  they killed for convenience . 
  they killed to instil fear . 
  a capitalist or a kulak was any sonofabitch unlucky enough to have someone call him as such . 
  his family and friends , too .
