  that i can not agree with . 
  censorship is also not the term i would use in this context . 
  the examples you brought up support your point but they are absurd incidents were reason seems to be lost . 
  what i have in mind , in my countries context , is a clear threat from people who burn asylum centers , call for the reopening concentration camps , cheer at people drowning in the sea or also , at the same end of the spectrum but on another branch , preach islamic fundamentalism . 
  the people in this thread call tackling hate speech ( volksverhetzung ) an `` end of enlightenment '' or `` undermining discussions '' ... it 's absurd . 
  `` discussion '', 
  oh my you are an edgy one . 
  it shows that you have no understanding of the matter if you think calling someone out on they figurative bullshit is hate speech . 
   wait , you say speech is dangerous because it allows people to pass it can be dangerous as much as it can be the opposite . 
  it 's powerful . 
   and then you say it is n't about disagreement . 
  it is n't . 
  disagreeing with something does not make it hate speech . 
  stop pretending it is . 
   should speech laws target more than just meanspirited comments , and actually restrict political ideologies ? 
  yes . 
   it sounds to me like you are worried that the people you disagree with are simply winning their arguments , and that the only way for your side to win is to silence them . 
  people i disagree with can vote for political representation and get what they want , as long as they stay within the framework of constitutional right . 
  that 's how it works . 
  we ca n't always agree on everything , but we can all agree that the process is fair . 
  again , forbidding hate speech is not about silencing opposition , it is about fighting fundementalist , racist , facist , ( you name it ) movements who endanger people who are not desireable in the eyes of said movement . 
   and i simply am floored by your line on the constitution . 
  `` the constitution must defend itself from people and parties who do express , share and try to spread unconstitutional sentiments . '', 
  how can you possibly say this ? 
  unless your constitution is perfect this very second , and will remain perfect forever , no matter how the world changes , how is anyone able to improve on it , when your idea of protecting the constitution is silencing its critics with the government 's force ? 
  yeah because hate speech helps a great deal in improving the constitution ... constitutions are by definition in part undemocratic , as they have to be able to defend minorities who lack political representation . 
  they are the highest moral instance a nation has and changing it needs supermajorities in most cases and will only be able in a certain range to begin with . 
   hate speech , in a lot of cases , is speech that you happen to disagree with . 
  it 's not about disagreement . 
  hatespeech is not legit opposition . 
  it 's about dehumanizing groups of people , rhetorically taking away their human rights and lowering the bar by making that kind of speech acceptable in the middle of society . 
  speech is dangerous . 
  americans will say : `` stick and stones blah blah '' but that is kindergarten wisdom . 
  speech is how people pass ideas and ideologies and with speech countries are taken over and run . 
  the constitution must defend itself from people and parties who do express , share and try to spread unconstitutional sentiments . 
  til hate speech is the miners ' canary of enlightenment . 
  no , no and no . 
  people do n't eat food or greet each other with their assholes . 
  hygiene is relative . 
  also people take showers and wash their asses daily . 
  ( at least they should ) . 
  they also might use wet toilet paper ( which is the perfect middle ground ) . 
  people without bidets do n't walk around with years old shit crusts between their cheeks is what i am trying to say . 
  keep telling yourself . 
   got ta love nazis glossing over that fact and trying to get rid of their facism badge by handing it to someone else . 
  also , if there was a group of people that advocated violence against white people then the hate speech laws would target them as well . 
  hate speech laws are no leftist invention , they target all extremists that want to take basic rights away from groups of people . 
  what else do you call people that demand arbitrary political measures against humans based on their religion or skin color ? 
  `` new facism from the left '' never was a `` left '' government in power in germany . 
  the hate speech laws are part of the constitution ever since it was enacted after ww2 . 
  got ta love nazis glossing over that fact and trying to get rid of their facism badge by handing it to someone else . 
  a constitution in line with human rights , written by allies and those who suffered by the hand of the nazis after ww2 . 
  such a horrible `` team '' . 
  people act like the hate speech laws are oppressing any legitimate form of oppossition . 
  they do n't . 
  if you find yourself in a `` team '' that is hindered by our hate speech laws , then you probably are a nazi or islamist . 
  something something pussified feminists , something something `` real men '' . 
  down the rabbit hole you go . 
   germany are banning opinions ? 
  you 'd think they 'd know pretty well what kind of path this leads down . 
  ah yes , because stopping extremists makes you an extremist . 
  sure . 
  the hate speech laws are a direct response to the way the nazis rose to power . 
  there are no teams . 
  noone gets to `` decide what is censored '' . 
  the extent of freedom of expression is set by the constitution to stop the spread of ideologies that endanger the democratic order . 
  the nazis spread their ideology through public rallies and extensive use of the media in which they spread lies and incited hatred against `` undesirable '' minorities and opposition . 
  the modern hate speech laws are a direct response to prevent this strategie . 
  no one says that freedom of speech killed the jews , but it 's undeniable that unrestricted speech and media played a part in what lead to the holocaust . 
  was n't it lawrow the minister of foreign affairs who announced that they would expel diplomats and putin just now renounced that statement ? 
  at least that it what german radio just told me . 
  seems credible enough to report when a high minister first says it . 
  nonsense . 
  the gold reserves were accumulated during the post-war currency and trade programs which aimed to rebuild the european economies and create stable exchange rates . 
  countries with an account deficit signed over gold instead of currency to countries with a surplus . 
  in 1945 , germany had no gold reserves whatsoever . 
  it was all earned until the late 60s when germany ran a high surplus . 
  lol what ? 
  you are the clueless one , or more likely the ignorant one as all you want to do is pushing far right narratives . 
   shove migrants down the throats of others clearly you are pointing at the migrant quotas which aim to relieve greece and italy as they are the eus border nations where the migrants are arriving and that would have to deal with them by themselves following the dublin ii laws . 
  when the refugee crisis reached its height , greece was struggeling and it was merkel who then made the statement that germany would no longer enforce dublin ii in order to help greece and the balkan countries . 
  in far right circles this is now being interpreted ( or more likely spun to be ) an `` invitation '' and used to push the narrative that germany is to blame for the refugee crisis and also some conspiracy theories around white genocide or whatever they feel like bringing up . 
  at this point there are two options for germany and the eu when it comes to dealing with refugees that have already arrived and are granted asylum : 1 . 
  continue to disregard dublin ii and build a new system that fairly distributes asylum seekers across the eu . 
  ( like you would expect to union to do ) 2 . 
  enforce dublin ii and force greece and italy to deal with them alone . 
  ( back to square one ) so now there are people like you around and what do they do ? 
  when 1 . 
  ( the migrant quota ) is done you will probably accuse germany of `` shoving migrants down peoples throats '' and cheer on countries like poland who will not partake in any common effort . 
  ( by doing so poland is btw fucking over greece , but you probably wound not complain when poland were to return migrants to greece would you ? ) . 
  and when 2 . is done ( back to the topic of the article ) then you are again accusing germans of `` shoving migrants down peoples throats '' . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  you 're a gun loving american who posts on the_donald , uses the word `` libshit '' unironically and browses and posts in immigration threads on r/europe , all while inventing edgy words like `` righteongaphobe '' in an attempt to equate opposition to neo-nazis with the hatred said neo-nazis have against ethnic groups . 
  you are proving my point . 
  right wingers always say that as an excuse but will then go on and identify muslims at their skin color . 
  human trafficers lie about the amount of money refugees receive in germany and other stuff like how they are needed for the economy and that jobs will wait for them . 
  that is known for a while now . 
  your point ? 
  no one * wants * refugees . 
  bullshit comments like yours make this subreddit go to shit .
