  discussions in every refugee thread are ignorant shitfests looking for scapegoats . 
  blaming germany seems to be the new trend in the quest to induce backstabbing whenever possible . 
  which head ? 
  the head of the free market ? 
  1 - noone * wants * refugees . 
  you help them anyway by processing their claims for asylum . 
  i do n't see any hypocrisy . 
  2 - i 'm am of course in favor of returning those that do n't qualify for asylum and i too think that boats have to be stopped . 
  i do not agree however that this is achievable by making it `` less desirable '' for people to come . 
  as you have not yet specified what you mean by that i assume you mean cut benefits . 
  said benefits though are n't that high to begin with . 
  a roof above the head and some pocket many for necessities . 
  cutting anymore would result in inhumane conditions . 
  it 's lies told by smugglers that make refugees think that create this pull factor . 
  refugees who have arrived in germany will face reality quite fast . 
   and based on feeling . 
  dae i 'm le real rational scientiest ??!?!?!, 
   let me give you an example : its not france that cause refugees/immigrant to live in calais - its politics in britain that cause that . 
  same goes for italy / france etc. 
  wat  pointing fingers at transit countries - is scapegoating - not the other way around . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone . 
  that was my entire point . 
  you put the blame on countries that grant asylum under humane conditions for the refugee crisis and want to punish them . 
  how is this not a scapegoat when we are dealing with a multidude of factors that constribute to the refugee crisis ? 
  you found your scapegoat . 
  no point in arguing when you are seriuosly claiming that the arab spring , the bombing of libya or the syrian civil war have not majorly constributed to the refugee crisis . 
  also what do you suppose as a solution ? 
  not giving accepted asylum seekers the bare necessities ? 
  let them be homelss to deter others ? 
  the core problem is poverty , ( civil ) war and instability in the migrants and/or refugees countries of origin , as well as the countries they are traversing through -- caused by a multitude of reasons . 
  punishing countries who are dealing with the crisis the most is just you looking for a scapegoat to not having to deal with the real underlying problem . 
  then you ca n't read apparently . 
  this thread is infested with white nationalists , which the original comment you answered to refered to as nutjubs . 
  why did you feel addressed ? 
  edit : also look at your comment history . 
  you 're not a white nationalist at all . 
  lol sure . 
  you mean white nationalists who sugarcoat their disgusting ideas with phrases like `` keeping my country safe '' . 
  i do n't really care it 's what you are no matter how much you care . 
  denial is never a good coping mechanism . 
   why are germans always the most self-destructive on this forum til not promoting a world view \u00e0 la survival of the fittest means you are self-destructive . 
   we have also brought many great things to the colonies genocide , slavery , exploitation . 
  they can use our old computers after they picked up the parts from the piles of garbage we dumb there though !, 
  nice . 
   africa also is n't doing good economically , and climate is fucking up the continent . 
  ... that damn climate change . 
  i wonder who is responsible for it . 
  we 'll never know !, 
   do you think we should just open the border to all of them ? 
  i know you probably ca n't wrap your head around the idea that being disgusted by white nationalist ideas does not equal being in favor of open borders . 
  stop shifting your goal post . 
  go fuck yourself nazi scum . 
  to you `` having every right to stay european '' is a somehow a justification to just shrug off any responsibility towards the rest of the world after fucking other places up ? 
  see the comments from the person i was responding to , claiming that major nations have `` a right '' to do just that ? 
  you fuckers have disgusting ideas and then sugercoat it with phrases like `` we just want to stay european '' . 
  all those victims in your own country and others due to the nazis and soviets and you deem it to be just ? 
  you are beyond retarded . 
  read the original comment i responded to ffs !, 
  my point is that you ca n't point your finger at someone specific . 
  no more no less . 
  your worldview is disgusting and i wish you will find yourself in a situation were you become a victim of what you advocate . 
  you are the scum of this world . 
  reads like a burst aneurysm, 
   how else are you going to unite 27 + countries with unique cultures , languages and religions into one ? 
  that 's the key . 
  most inner european conflict has its roots in a sense of difference from others and oftentimes also a sense of superiority , while in reality the countries were n't that different . 
  to bring europe together the focus has to shift away from the few overblown differences that make them feel special and unique to the things people have in common . 
  that is what the statement says and the only way towards unity , but this comment section can not be saved anymore at this point . 
  it 's apparently all about `` forcing other races on europeans '' . 
  what is decided ? 
  what do you read into this ? 
  do you oppose the idea of a democratic and developing northern africa as a partner of the eu ? 
  because all this statement is pointing out is that with the uprising against the ruling dictators in northern africa and parts of the middle east that could have become a reality . 
  you are disgusting . 
  you purposfully misinterpret the statement . 
  are we now killing a white baby everytime someone migrates to europe or what ? 
  `` europeans '' are n't going anywhere . 
  noone is replaced . 
   because most people here want to keep our culture alive and the country save that 's just the entry-level argument that right wingers throw into the room all the time . 
  it 's always the same . 
  start with some `` muh culture , muh white genocide '' fear mongering , then find a scapegoat and then they normally get to show their true faces and threads derail into nsdap party meetings . 
  i 'm not saying that the current migration is not problematic , but it is impossible to discuss it without the right taking over these threads , fishing for approval and followers . 
  in politics it 's exactly the same . 
  right wing party always ride on the topic of immigration/protect culture as their single issue to lure people to support them through spreading existential fears . 
  clearly there are no reasons for people to move to europe other than germany upholding the human right to file asylum and giving people some pocket money so they can live . 
  nothing to see here . 
  it 's not complex at all and involves many countries colonizing or bombing these countries . 
  how does this even get a single upvote ? 
  not a single brain cell went into this . 
  should i say the obvious ? 
  that you ca n't participate in elections without citizenship ? 
  there are in the eu and part of schengen . 
  it 's their border , too . 
  all refugees are migrants . 
  not every migrant is a refugee . 
  also it 's well known and communicated that people from sub-saharan countries get on these boats . 
  do n't know what you are getting at with your edgy comment . 
  even worse, 
   to protect people who are unaware . 
  what you decribed would be intentional .
