being less fat is a trait . 
  i work for a certain * red * mobile network operator in dresden . 
  it 's a rather high but not unusual pay for larger companies here . 
  at least from what i heard from friends in other internships . 
  it 's 3 months as far as i know . 
  for obligatory internships it 's 6 months before they have to pay you minimum wage . 
  i have to do a 5 month internship and am currently paid 750 $ per month with 37.5 hours per week . 
  it 's more like people are leaving the east german countryside , not the east in general . 
  dresden , leipzig and other east german cities see good growth rates . 
  also in the recent years the birthrate in the east has more or less recovered after taking a big hit after reunification . 
  http://www.bpb.de/cache/images/1/61551-1x2-article620.gif?1b15f the birthrate in the east is now slightly higher than in the west . 
  yes . 
  radiation takes a toll on the camera sensors , as they are sometimes hit by high energy particles . 
  when you look at videos from inside the iss ( video logs of the crew etc. ), 
  you see dead pixels all over the screen as well . 
  you volunteer to be such a great partner to a childfree woman that she changes her mind abouth having children and then you take a part in the lifes of all the children you helped making while paying for all their expenses for the next 25 years ? 
  we need people like you . 
   not really true . 
  there 's no correct way of comparing gdp and nominal is n't useless . 
  they just give a different perspective . 
  true . 
   ppp is better if your goal is to compare `` wealth of population '' , wheras nominal when you eg . 
  want to assess country 's risk before buying their bonds meh . 
  yes it does somehow show the quality of life of the population . 
  but i would say ppp is mostly about adjusting the nominal value for differences in price niveau and exchange rate fluctuations . 
  repairing some guys car in two different countries might have a different price while the service and the actual work happening is the same . 
  yet the gdp in the more expensive country grows more from the service as more money was moved . 
  besides , if the exchange rate is 1,20 $ = 1 $ and it then drops to parity , the nominal gdp of all countries using the euro drops by 20 % when displayed in $ . 
  tomorrow it 's back up at 1,10 $ per $ and the nominal gdp grows again . 
  it all makes it look like those countries go through massive depressions followed by economic miracles all over the place , while actually they might have had normal unspectacular growth the entire time . 
  gdp ppp shows the size of an economy not by pure monetary value of all services and products of a country , but more by the amount of things that are getting done . 
  the economy of the uk is doing good , yes . 
  but you are talking about a few percent points of additional growth at best . 
  the euro fell from 1,40 / 1 to near parity to the us$ in the last few months because of qe and the fear of investors because of the greek drama and lasting effects of the 2008 crash in southern europe . 
  that 's a shrinking nominal gdp face value in double digit percentages . 
  absolutely the main reason . 
  it 's like is said . 
  in the context of the map the reason for the uk to be higher then france and germany is mostly the unfavorable exchange rate . 
  only as long as the $ stands low . 
   it 's not relevant when comparing gdps - it 's actually misleading . 
  the high cost of living in switzerland does n't mean that their gdp is any lower than it actually is ; nor does the low cost of living in china mean that their gdp is actually higher . 
  that belongs on your definition of `` actually '' . 
  if the exact same service with the exact same quality is performed in two different countries at two different prices , then they contribute to different amounts to the gdp of the respective countries , but is n't the `` actual '' economic output the same ? 
  is an apple not an apple and a car not a car ? 
  also nominal gdp is affected by exchange rates which can cause misleading effects . 
  as the euro stands low against the us$ dollar at the moment , countries with the $ appear to be in depression with the gdp in us$ shrinking , as the euro fell faster then the economies grew . 
  for germany and the netherlands the $ is pretty undervalued , which makes it look like the uk overtook them . 
  tomorrow the $ might bounce back and their gdp in us$ will grow again , even if the economies stagnate , solely through the exchange rate . 
  gdp ppp has its point . 
  it looks not strictly at the gdp at ever fluctuating monetary value , but more at the actual amount of services and production . 
  no airport will let you board without an id . 
   latakia and tartous on the mediterranean cost are also safe , as far as being safe in syria means , but i have n't heard that being mentioned in any discussion about the syrian refugees . 
  and for a good reason : because the argument with `` a part of the country is safe ! '', 
  is bogus . 
  well true . 
  at the end of the day you will always find a save square meter in any country . 
  safe is not an absolute thing . 
  you have to evaluate and compare . 
  and compared to the ukraine the conflict in syria is much more severe , both in casualties and in complexity . 
  ukraine so far is not a failed state . 
   as far as poland standing between ukraine and germany the same thing applies to greece . 
  why , indeed , do n't all the immigrants want to remain on the greek islands ? 
  they must be foolish . 
  it 's a matter of capacity . 
  following the dublin regulation they would have to apply in greece . 
  but the numbers do n't allow that to work , which is why germany gave up the right to send applicants from syria back there . 
  i am not at all a friend of the idea that someone is safe the moment he sets a food on a safe country . 
  it 's also a question whether that country has the will and capacity do take you in properly . 
  if ukrainians were fleeing in high numbers due to an upcoming collapse or conflict that would suffice to grand them asylum , and poland would be at it 's limit then germany would take part of that burden . 
  the ukrainians currently in poland are all not there on the legal basis of refugees as far as i know . 
   on a more serious note , is really sad seeing how the european project is unraveling under our own very eyes . 
  the germans ( as were the austrians or the dutch ) were very quick to profit from the eu enlargement ( i can give you my country 's example , where the banking and oil industries are controlled by the austrians , germans control the retail market etc etc ) , but when the tough times arrived they all started to appoint blame and feel morally superior . 
  i 've said it before on this sub-reddit , i 'll say it again : maybe allowing east and west germany to unite and form one big blob in the middle of continent was n't the best idea post 1990 . 
  at that time it seemed ok , the french still had mitterand , the british had thatcher , but now , with the british almost gone and with the french giving us that pathetic hollande , the rest of us , europeans , have to handle merkel and her electorate . 
  it 's not pretty . 
  that seems to be more of general opinion than something related . 
  i 'm just going to address it in so far as to say that i think the notion , that the reunification of germany did more harm to europe than good , is pretty unbased . 
  also the reunification holds similar value to germany as the independence from the soviet union holds to many of its former members . 
  saying it should n't have been allowed is not exactly riding the european idea . 
   in the exact same moment germany starts to deport ukrain refugees . 
  i dont give a fuck that 80 % of ukraine is `` fine '' the asylum process is the same for everyone . 
  most of the ukraine is safe and people can seek shelter in these safe places . 
  people from the ukraine have a low chance to get the application accepted for that reason . 
  it 's the same for people from afghanistan who have low chances to be granted asylum . 
  for the north african or the balkan countries the chance is close to zero for that matter . 
  also following the ideas of this subreddit the refugees from the ukraine would have to travel through poland to get to germany . 
  poland is safe country , so those who enter germany are economic migrants . 
   its not ok to send people back in a country that is in a civil war people are n't sent back when their home country poses a threat to them . 
  as we already concluded most of the ukraine is safe enough . 
  you do n't give a fuck but that is irrelevant . 
   reason why germany sends ukrains back ? 
  fucking arabs man ... no that 's not the reason . 
  but that sentence tells me that you hold double standards in this issue . 
  has nothing to do with norway itself , though . 
  still something the eu has done , as norway joined that particular eu project . 
  edit : also they do n't get that for free . 
  they pay into the eu budget and have to follow regulations without any vote on them . 
  is n't this the kind of `` undemocratic outside decision making '' the uk accuses brussels to do ? 
  it is 5 years i think . 
   the fact that you are not allowed to take those measures means you are n't allowed to defend yourself .
