  of course you are still allowed to defend yourself even if the possession of some means to do so is illegal . 
  you are even allowed to defend yourself with means that you are not allowed to own . 
  she just did . 
  do n't make up your own laws . 
  the paragraph to defend yourself with whatever it takes still stands and is applied in this case . 
  that is a fact . 
  if you think that pepperspray possession should be legal then i think the same way . 
  but those are just opinions . 
  no she is n't . 
  her using the spray to defend herself against harm is one legal case , and she is not being charged for that . 
  her owning something she is not allowed to own , be it reasonable or not , is completely unrelated to that . 
  that is how law works . 
  no you are wrong . 
  gdp is the sum of all services and products of a country measured in currency . 
  of course even a completely isolated country would still have a nominal gdp . 
  every sold apple or repaired car is part of the gdp . 
  gdp ppp is a fabricated number . 
  it adjusts the nominal value by regarding things like exchange rates and price niveau . 
  the gdp of the uk is currently pretty close up to that of germany . 
  because when you measure both in us dollar then germanys gdp shrank since 2008 due to the falling euro . 
  the uk has the pound which did n't lose much value hence exchanges more favorable to usd . 
  gdp ppp is useful in the way that it gives a better comparison between countries with different currencies . 
  in gdp ppp germany is much further ahead of the uk and also has a higher per capita income . 
  that shows that in economic output germany has n't lost its lead , like the nominal value makes it seem . 
  individual european countries will become less relevant , europe as hole wo n't . 
  a federalized eu would be the largest economy in the world head to head with the us for decades to come . 
  if you want your country to stay relevant then this is the best shot at it . 
  i do n't see how some former commonwealth countries will grand the uk a better alliance than that . 
  why do you think `` small britain '' would have more influence in a such a union than it can have in the eu ? 
  will the `` commonwealth '' even give a shit about britain when they reached industrialized status and a billion inhabitants ? 
   ww2 is in the past . 
  well , nothing to be learned from it here then when it 's in the old boring past . 
  just moving on . 
   it really annoys me [ ... ] oh , sorry we annoyed you , because ...  [ ... ] how much germany is forced to grovel to make up for the nazis behavior . 
  ... we are forcing ourselves to do so . 
  not to make up for it , since it can not be made up for , only forgiven . 
  and of course guilt does n't pass along the generations so guilt and forgiveness are n't the driving force behind it today . 
  the end of the war marks the beginning of the new germany which only gained sovereignty 25 years ago . 
  it 's an inseparable piece of national identify . 
   i mean we fought a war against you guys , my grandpa was in that war and we do n't particularly dislike germans , it 's in the past . 
  i do n't see how this is relevant . 
  you not disliking us is nice , i guess . 
   americans have done a lot of fucked up stuff and we do n't feel guilty about it all the time . 
  well you do n't feel guilty about it ` all the time ' but you ca n't deny that things like slavery or the treatment of american-japanese people during the war have coined the american minds . 
  ( like when some mediocre movie about slavery wins an oscar and a black actress in it with like 2 lines of script wins one , too . 
  well off-topic . . ) combine the general traumatization of an event like slavery with the historic-nationalistic importance of something like the independence of the us and assume that event happened just 70 years ago . 
  then you come to what the war or the reunification still means to germany . 
  having the whole thing documented to smallest detail on video keeps it much more relatable as well . 
  you are projecting the current situation in some places in the us on the refugee situation in germany where it is not a thing except when you watch southpark or browse reddit . 
  this is not a `` time we live in '' and not a `` are you pc , bro ? '', 
  matter . 
  it 's following the constitution . 
  like it has been done for decades now . 
  `` facebook [ ... ] meant to be private '', 
  `` we do n't say to the rich ` give to the poor ' , we say ` german people , help each other ' . 
  rich or poor , each one must help thinking , there 's someone even poorer than i am , and i want to help them as a fellow countryman . '', 
  sounds pretty socialist on the national level to me . 
  wanting to help refugess and wanting refugees are two different things you know . 
  except that the money sent to refugees in foreign countries is gone . 
  the money they receive in germany is spent here again . 
  for comparison a map showing freedom of the press released by reporters without borders . 
  and how exacly would they `` take care of the situation '' ? 
  its something i read here the entire time , people saying that the men should fight for their country , but what does this even mean ? 
  getting drafted by assad to fight against your own people , dying to protect the dictatorship ? 
  joining the rebells just to get bombed by russia ? 
  wait at home till the is knocks on your door ? 
  there is no right side to fight for . 
  syria is a complete mess . 
  saying that they should somehow fight something is also easily said when sitting in front of your computer in the safety of your home . 
   your country , your family , your friends , your home ? 
  that 's dodging the intent of the question . 
  if you want to protect your family and your home , who do you fight for ? 
   it 's the safest country in europe by what metric ? 
  also people who put smileys behind their posts are not exactly credible . 
  i think if remain won with 52:48 the leave campaign would not just disband either and some of it 's supporters would also call for a second vote . 
  the closer you get to 50:50 the less people will put it to rest and accept it . 
  and again even if you vote until you get `` the result you want '' would that last result not be as legit as the ones before ? 
  also if just repeating a referendum ( assuming identical terms on the threshold , not the case the article describes ) yields a different outcome , would n't that make a joke of the referendum in general ? 
  a referendum dicides on change . 
  when a decisive majority ( which is decided on beforehand ) for a change can not be gained then the default is the status quo . 
  that 's how referendums normally go . 
  what i am saying is , that the closer you get to 50:50 the worse is the result as less people will put it to rest , especially when it comes to emotional topics with fluctuating opinions . 
  why do you make this personal ? 
  calm your tits . 
  that does not negate the argument for a treshold . 
  a 60:40 vote would certainly be much more accepted than a 52:48 , especially when you look a the opinion polls that show leave and remain playing pingpong . 
  a treshold higher than the average opinion fluctuation seems reasonable , but of course has to be agreed on before the vote . 
  for this one it 's too late now . 
   why arbitrary 60 % ? 
  why not 70 % ? 
  why not 55 % ? 
  because looking at the [ polls ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/print-edition/20160227_fbc539.png ) ( [ also ] ( http://cdn.yougov.com/cumulus_uploads/inlineimage/2015-02-24/overaleu-3.png ) ) remain and leave camps were like a flag swaying in the wind . 
  a margin by only a few percent could be completely arbitrary based on last weeks headlines . 
  when choosing a singular moment for vote then requiring a decisive majority is , to me , understandable . 
  but if they held the referendum again and this time remain won by a slim margin , would that result be any less democraticly legit than the first one ? 
  saying `` this is not how democracy works '' is a popular karma-farming comment at the moment , but is it true ? 
  i remember the french vote a while ago where it is apparently the norm to hold the election twice so that people can decide different after seeing the first outcome . 
  i 'd say without picking sides that a 52 to 48 vote is shitty either way . 
  and requiring a more decisive majority with a margin from  10 % or holding the referendum multiple times over a time span of a few months seems more than reasonable . 
   such censorship laws always end up doing far more harm than good in the long term .
