  hey at least they turned it upside down to not confuse people !, 
  not worth it , but this is highly my own opinion that might change with time . 
  who will build up the infrastructure to handle the increase in gas needed to flow to accommodate the new demand and who is going to pay for it ? 
  `` do n't be alarmed , this is just the crimean national guard with a rocket system they bought in a local survivor store '' -- could be said by putin . 
  russia state tv is playing the , revenge for being owned in battles some hundred years ago . 
  saw one where they accused sweden poland and lithuania for conspiring to revenge some loss in poltava . 
  which does n't even make sense , as i can not get how poland or lithuania fits into that , a part from some hundred polish cossacks fighting under swedish commanders . 
  usa is a far greater target than poland in syria . 
  it 's as simple as that i think . 
  with a trigger of 100 kg , perfect for troops carrying their backpacks + ammo - comment of a officer during my military service after he mentioned that anti personnel mines were forbidden . 
  remember that russian politician who did an ama here on / europe some time ago , telling how russia would take eastern ukraine if shit escalated ? 
  it 's the long and dark winter plus the low temperatures that are making us cool . 
  actually if you read some studies about culture and innovation management , there are clear indicators that point to nationality and culture determining responsiveness to innovations . 
  just one of many that i 've read and happen to remember the title of yvonne van et . 
  al. , `` the effect of national culture on the adoption of innovations '' published in marketing letters . 
  their large scale empirical study of the european market , according to hofstede dimension and some other scale i ca n't remember the name of , they could show that nordic european countries seem the most responsive to breakthrough innovations whereas the mediterranean countries with high levels of uncertainty avoidance and a low level of long term orientation are less likely to adopt such innovations spontaneously . 
  now the interesting question here becomes , is it because of the nationality/culture itself enabling that . 
  or is it because nordic europe is more innovative thus have created/educated a market which has led to easier acceptance to bigger changes with less resistance than let say malta . 
  seems they 're sending her to crimea http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/10676113/russia-today-host-who-criticised-kremlin-sent-to-crimea.html, 
  it 's easy to be critical all the way in the us , removed from whatever bad that could theoretically happen . 
  why waste fuel on planes that will turn back right before the border anyway ? 
  29,5 deaths per million in 2012 , so you rounded the number to the nearest integer , which means we lose or add some information about road related deaths depending whether you rounded up or down . 
   taking into account european countries outside the eu , also this year switzerland confirms its position as the overall innovation leader by continuously outperforming all eu member states and by being the best performer in as many as 9 indicators . 
  hmm we still got some work to do !, 
  and confirmed by obama and medvedev in 2009 . 
  investments on the stock exchange have been rough for all western countries bordering russia . 
  a lot of selling in the morning when the markets opened to cut losses . 
  your deal was better , you got imaginary rocket stations worth billions instead . 
  if you are in nato , you got anti air divisions in your army some of which should be mobile . 
  she just wants her old family home back  merkel has some polish ancestry as her paternal grandfather , ludwig kasner , was a german , [ 15 ] of polish origin . 
  [ 16 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angela_merkel, 
  for anyone wondering what arena is , it 's quite spectacular http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypmcmkwwzyo however i doubt a considerable amount of russian tank fleet is equipped with it . 
  as long as you guys do n't conspire behind polands backs , it will be good . 
  like in 1920 miracles happen . 
  in this global economy , being isolated by key partners because of some last century dream , can be devestating . 
  not implying this crash is anything to worry about as compared to a year long index they still higher . 
  shit will hit the fan , when trading partners start isolating them on the global market . 
  which in the worst case russia will close the taps of gas to many european countries , which will further worsen their economic position . 
  if they are n't complete idiots , they are already making money on the downgoing index . 
  more like locking down strategic positions . 
  they are just kids . 
  hopefully this is as far as it goes , as a full blown out war is just a loss of young life . 
  if i recall history correctly first pole in space happened in the end of the 70s . 
  he would host bunga bunga parties in the mist of no man 's land posing a distraction to the leaders . 
  apparently we have some superior privilege given to us from birth . 
  30 years later and i 'm still figuring out where to collect it . 
  watched her speech to majdan , the crowd was rather chilly in their reaction compared to let say that polish guy that spoke after . 
  so i assume she will be trying to get back into a political position ? 
  it come a time when you ca n't stand peacefully anymore and have to rise up to fight the tyranny . 
  good insights , thanks . 
  i 'm confused of your answer , we must not understand each others perspectives in the comments , i 'm not dictating anything . 
  i 'm not saying you should do a or b , or even saying if it 's right and wrong . 
  i just stated how i can understand that people choose to act differently and gave examples to why they might choose to do so . 
  this does n't mean i demand or expect all to do so or would prefer it that way . 
  as i mentioned in a comment to another redditor , the people there , even though they share a common goal . 
  they may have different ideas and opinions on how to get there . 
  not responding with violence towards violence have already been witnessed throughout the history . 
  the opposite has too . 
  one one hand , choosing the pacifist way will gain a great support and outcry from the outside world , as you will have a situation where peaceful civilians are brutally being beaten and killed by a stronger tyrant . 
  one the other hand are you willing to stand by and watch your fellow citizens get killed without defending yourself or them ? 
  i personally would most likely take the violent route after witnessing what had happened . 
  as it seems that you either fight to the end or give up and what happens then is up to whoever is in charge of arresting you . 
  and the pacifist way seems useless in a situation where the bigger part are actively choosing to fight . 
  well the word radical is ambiguous i give you that . 
  what i meant was on the more extreme side of the spectrum . 
  with pretty much all movements , even if the end goal might be shared , the means to reach it may differ greatly . 
  so what i mean is that you had fractions that took to arms or used violence in much earlier stages of the escalation than the majority of the other fractions . 
  this does not mean it 's right or wrong , however it can be viewed as a radical manifestation from an outside perspective . 
  i also must point out that my comment was done out of context of what was happening and is happening right now . 
  as their violent actions right now which are a result of the government 's escalation of violent force towards the people at majdan is perfectly understandable , and anyone who read about escalation of force , would not have predicted any other response by the people standing their ground against tyranny . 
  not sure about the town , however there is a video of a woman killed when the public attempted to take over a government building somewhere in the western parts of ukraine , maybe lviv . 
  do not watch if you have a tough time seeing blood and dead people : http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=63e_1392815494, 
  i suspect the true power lies in the powerful business tycoons aka oligarchs , which i also suspect could n't give two flying fucks about the regular ukrainian people 's situation as they already have businesses and access to the eu and russia . 
  so sanctions against these individuals i would almost claim would be the most effective . 
  as i highly doubt that they would be indifferent to losing large chunks of their assets and money that in many cases gives them power in the first place . 
  from what i 've read there are fraction far more radical than svoboda . 
  but that 's the thing in such uprisings , not all groups want to play by the same rules . 
  for the ones joining now when the police have stopped the attack , here are some scenes from earlier today : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wifq_f5tjdg http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=4e3_1392754077, 
  yes they seem to be putting music on right now , and sometimes you hear different guys from the scene speaking something into the microphone . 
  try this also : http://ukrstream.tv/ it shows more streams , one of which shows areas reclaimed by police where they currently are cleaning up the barricades . 
  the ukrainian ministry of interior have announced 6 police officers dead due to injuries attained from gunshot wounds . 
  ukraine and poland old buffer zones would be totally destroyed to stop a nato force to get across . 
  a war is neither in russia 's or the west 's interest . 
  so i 'm assuming that while ukraine keeps getting screwed russia and the west will continue to throw words at each other . 
  right now it 's `` quite '' a contained situation in my opinion , however when people start dying the strategies and methods will change . 
  so it 's really hard to predict . 
  however in my opinion if it escalates even more and the army gets involved i 'm afraid the eu will not be able to do much , maybe some neighboring member states will act . 
  however when it comes to push we will look quite weak . 
  it will be an epic penis measuring contest between russia and the west while people in ukraine will get hurt . 
  my absolute biggest concern right now , with how the situation has developed , is that some groups next logical step will be to arm themselves . 
  which will bring a new dimension to the fight . 
  i just now read that people stormed a government building and took arms in the town of lviv . 
  it 's up on 10 confirmed now , one other reported dead in the storm of majdan by the police . 
  i see reports of the first dead as a result of this storm carried out by police . 
  are you serious , is the feed not available for you ? 
  there is absolutely no music on that feed a part from some chants some hours ago which now have gone to cries to hold ground and build up moral for the guys at the front . 
  bekrut is now in full effect storming majdan live feed : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1y9f0x/bekrut_has_begun_storming_majdan_livefeed/, 
  indeed looks intense as hell , just a shame that it has come down to this . 
  ukrainians fighting their own . 
  i hope i do n't wake up to a massacre tomorrow morning .
