  then continue on that path . 
  ( again i 'm not forcing or demanding anyone to exactly do it as i 've written ) . 
  some of the worst problems i 've seen were in state schools . 
  private schools work . 
  just look around in the world . 
  some of the best are private . 
  some of the problems we have and had in sweden . 
  is the fact that some of these private schools are ran by morons . 
  and should not be allowed to waste so many young persons . 
  but here it comes to the incompetence of state and municipal authorities who do not do the due diligence and evaluation correctly . 
  as for many old problems , schools that are out of control , teachers who are not fit to be teachers are two old and very noticeable problems that still exist today ( at least where i live ) . 
  which they ( whoever they are ) ca n't fix . 
  as i do n't know you , or what you have done . 
  this may or may not come as news to you . 
  real world and the academic world are not always interchangeable . 
  just because you evaluate and make models that lead to conclusions does not imply that it will transition as smoothly into reality in the real world . 
  i do n't know about you , but that 's a common realisation among myself and people at my work who did at least 5 years of studies on university level . 
  a lot of academic models are good for utopian environments and do n't work in real life , right here and now . 
  so let 's just briefly look at the school system in sweden . 
  i think we can agree that a lot of todays problems were already present 20 years ago . 
  many of these problems have already had opportunity to be evaluated in numerous scientific and non scientific evaluations . 
  yet they still persist . 
  thus you ca n't go all ad hominem introducing fallacies to discredit me , bringing in your personal feelings into a half assed comment made by me . 
  claiming i 'm against science and what not just because you got emotional . 
  when i imply that another scientific evaluation is a pure waste of tax money , when ( even though i did not mention that then ) , there has been numerous evaluations before , yet so many old problems still exist . 
  thus am i proclaiming that i 'm an expert people should only listen too , implying science is pure shit ? 
  i 'm just by experience calling another scientific evaluation a waste of time and resources . 
  it will identify a lot of already known problems , together with a few new ones . 
  but what does that matter when we known of problems for let say 20 years and not a single fucking thing has been done successfully to get rid of them ? 
  i would predict that your wanted new scientific evaluation will after a brief moment of heated debates and outcries from politicians ( maybe a few new laws or changes in the current law and policies ) lead to nothing . 
  ten years from now a lot of problems will still be around . 
  just like today . 
  instead of yet again evaluating and having theatrical political debates that in the end do n't help to solve the problems . 
  let 's just fix the old , already known , problems . 
  get the wheel turning . 
  real solutions . 
  once that has occurred , i 'll gladly support new scientific evaluations . 
  but for now ... 
  i 'm not in favor for it . 
  who gives a shit what rosanna dimarco thinks . 
  but one thing i know . 
  the school system in many places is a complete fucking disaster . 
  i do n't need any scientific papers being peer reviewed for 5 years to tell me that . 
  what works works , no need to evaluate that . 
  it 's the complete mess that needs to get redone properly . 
  review history , it seems it started somewhere around wwii when they decided they were a universal police for `` freedom '' in the world . 
  and what democracy are you talking about ? 
  if you really scrutinize what we have , i do n't see it as true democracy . 
  just a clever system set in place to give people the illusion they decide important matters in order to make the voting populace content enough to not start revolutions . 
  i rather spare my tax money on their scientific evaluations that lead to more rules/laws that in turn people with other motives take advantage of . 
  in my opinion big parts of the elementary school system is non functional and harmful to society in its existing form . 
  it needs to be taken a part and reconstructed from scratch . 
  oh come on , in retrospect , i too would have chosen a private school , got 20.0 instead of my 18 and studied to become a doctor today . 
  or even better took some childcare programme got my 20.0 and then proceeded with 1 year technical courses and did the same . 
  but it 's too late today . 
  and regulations for high schools here in sweden have changed several times since i spent my time there . 
  us can make it really shitty for poland if they get mad . 
  a lot of deals going to shit as us will put poland in its black book , and put a lot of pressure on other countries poland needs good relationship with . 
  to give a cold shoulder to poland . 
  plus , i bet us got a lot of classified shit on poland that could potentially damage those ties you claim would get stronger with germany etc. 
  just a thing like declassifying documents about hidden prisons used to torture islamists , where it seems poland is the bigger culprit than let say us . 
  regardless of what really happened . 
  a lot of our old people are currently in spain , italy and thailand :p, 
  most of my immigrant friends sometimes jokingly generalize swedes , as smiling at you only to talk shit ( usually everything they do n't like about you , but are scared to tell you ) about you as soon as you live . 
  sometimes i think how very true that is in some circumstances . 
  it really depends on the size . 
  i 've seen police here in malm\u00f6 without guns on several occasions . 
  however i 've never seen an officer in ( arbetsunifrom ) without a gun , the times i 've seen a cop without gun they either had paraduniform , or it was some cop with higher rank not on active patrol duty , dressed more casually than normally . 
  ah yes , i read every now and then about fishermen pulling up chemicals from world war one , from the baltic here on the east coast of sweden . 
  mustard gas is not what you wish for in your daily catch . 
  i remembered reading about woodland areas in poland still filled with undetonated projectiles and bombs still laying around since wwii . 
  due to lack of funding they have n't been removed yet . 
  but then again i 'm not sure how big of a threat they are to someone wondering into such areas . 
  compared to minefields that sound so much worse to accidentally stumble upon :(, 
  how will you do that ? 
  if `` their '' skills are so valuable that companies have to offer such ridiculously high salaries to attract them ( not saying high salaries are okay , however i 'm not the one who created that environment ) , it means competitors that are n't in france will have a go on the cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me . 
  2 degrees c and snowing at the moment . 
  south sweden . 
  some people have nothing to offer , feel weak so they punish your differing opinion that is threatening their believes and opinions , by the only method they have : a down vote . 
  it 's like people who start shouting during arguments . 
  as i see it eu has been successfully telling one government after the other to not listen to its people but them instead . 
  humans are flawed . 
  some will give up their integrity , honor and dignity in order to sit on a virtual throne ( power ) , they get power greedy . 
  lobbyist know of this flaw and play it well . 
  unfortunately for us , this type of men seem to be plentiful within politics . 
  funny while reading this , the turkish president g\u00fcl is in sweden where one point of the agenda are talks about a possible future entry to the eu . 
  it 's not like you have any good ones to choose from to begin with . 
  universal problem . 
  you do n't happen to have one with subtitles , as it sounds interesting ? 
  i moved back for 1 1/2 year to save up money for an apartment faster . 
  somethings fucked with the costs for housing . 
  even on an engineering salary , the cash was vanishing . 
  if you put in wielkanoc on for the poles , you will discover the similarities with its western neighbor . 
  kaczynski is a nut job , he has some serious issues one of which is the inability to accept that his brother died in a regular accident and not in some complex plot orchestrated by russia and other enemies to kill him . 
  i think it has something to do with kaczynski saying that they are n't recognized as a minority group and all the rights and what not ( i lack detailed knowledge about this ) are n't available to them . 
  we need a german and polish in here to explain it . 
  they 're like the bonus kids that come from a parent marrying someone new . 
  they want to be a part of the original family the nordic countries but never will be . 
  compared to what needs to be done today it 's a fantastic deal . 
  cheaper to manufacture than a jet fighter tuned for surveillance/intelligence collecting jobs .
