  today we see a lot of immigrants with none to little education from parts of the world that work very differently . 
  the strain this poses on the welfare system is thus different today than it was 30 years ago . 
  add this with the financial crises , industry reaching mature market life cycle thus minimizing costs many times mean outsourcing or moving whole industries overseas and a lot of other parameters . 
  good today is not what people remember as good . 
  perspectives changes , people remember how it used to be . 
  thus i 'm not at all shocked nationalism is growing , people will start to question the rationale in spending money on things that does not benefit them directly . 
  it was glorious , the students took a clementine and rolled it into the room . 
  i do n't know what the purpose of that was ( hoping it got mistaken by a grenade ? 
  ) , but it was hilarious . 
  i like how you can transform the city landscape at night using light in different colors . 
  buildings that look so cold and uninviting during the dark hours are transformed into beautiful displays , turning the darkness into a more friendly environment . 
  it 's funny that the majority of journalists writing that stuff , lives in the most homogenous areas of cities . 
  easy to write it off as nonsense when you do n't have to deal with it . 
  social and economic demands rise , so ~ ~ those ~ ~ does the cost to employ . 
  much of the industry operating in mature markets move away . 
  that 's another gap you will have to get over effectively once wages and other factors goes up to western levels . 
  you will always find overlaps . 
  i 've grown up in malm\u00f6 , i still live here , i know how it looks . 
  it 's a clear difference in past generation immigrants than in what we 've seen the last two decades . 
  my work buddy 's father talks way better swedish than he does . 
  he came in the early 70s and as he said , it was only him and another guy who were immigrants at the school , to fit in they had to learn the swedish language and culture well . 
  his kid went to a school where there were only 5 swedish natives in it , the kid adopted the school 's norm on speaking patterns and culture . 
  this was 95 to mid 00s . 
  the town areas that used to house the swedish working class , today hosts immigrants and foreigners . 
  the swedes that got money have left and live in the west , north-west areas . 
  the result is a very apparent segregation going on in this city . 
  this is solely the politicians fault . 
  they keep accepting people , move in to the immigrant dense areas , and find no incentive to `` integrate '' . 
  the politician are reckless and dishonest to these people . 
  they should stop accepting it , focus and working out a plan that will work , fix the problems we have right now . 
  and once that works we can have a framework to accepting more in a steady phase . 
  accepting people on the sole sake of accepting them , without a further plan is not humane . 
  i think disco polo is n't just a phase when it comes to poland . 
  too many are involved in listening to that noise . 
  this is norm , the longer you want to flee the more it costs . 
  if we take people who flee , it 's only natural to predict that they will go to the absolute nearest countries . 
  only a few have the finances to flee to a country half a world away . 
  we can discuss the humane side of it . 
  on the surface it seems so . 
  but if we look at how they are treated in the long term , i would n't call it humane at all . 
  by their ( politicians ) solidarity they have created a very segregated society and the tensions between immigrants and swedes living near the immigrant dense areas are growing unfortunately . 
  the problem is n't refugees fleeing to save their lives , it 's how they are put into the new society by the framework in place . 
  they come to sweden , end up in one of the immigrant neighborhoods , that in fact now could be called enclaves . 
  there they find no reason to learn the swedish language , as in school , on their spare time , they are surrounded with many people speaking their native tongue . 
  this is a problem as government institutions ca n't communicate with them , so they adopt to the lack of ability to understand and communicate in swedish . 
  translating texts to other languages , hiring bilingual personnel etc. 
  i come to understand that the people in charge writing laws , are n't they brightest in society . 
  their lack of common sense and understanding over the decades have produced a segregated nation by claiming solidarity . 
  just because you do n't know what to do does n't justify sweeping it under a rug and hope no one can smell the shit you hid under it . 
  the problem is that the politically correct hysteria in media here in sweden prevents people and politicians to constructively talk about a real problem . 
  they are scared to criticize anything related to that and be labeled and lynched by media . 
  so what have our dear politicians been doing all these decades . 
  saying welcome to this great country . 
  then quietly telling them to go fuck themselves . 
  the areas with biggest social problems , back when the working class swedish social class lived there , are now replaced with immigrants , the same problems still are around , and a shit load of new have emerged . 
  enclaves have been built up . 
  it 's fucked up how the system works , it drives the immigrants to develop recent to the original population , and the original population that live near the problem areas develops resentment against the immigrants . 
  if we do n't start discussing it honestly , both side will become more and more radical with time . 
  but fuck that right , politicians sit and pretend it 's not raining , no problems everything is great as long as we reelect them . 
  i 'm getting tired of it . 
  i remember something vaguely about sweden having a space agency somewhere in ume\u00e5 , is this correct ? 
  then it would be interesting to see how having this affects contributions to esa . 
  i 'm still waiting for this winter 's pictures from the southern parts of uk , with 1-2 mm snow cover and the headlines telling us how everything stopped working , the chaos and brave men in inadequate snow removal gear battling general winter . 
  cold northern wind , with high air moisture in romania . 
  resulting in snow . 
  just a coincidence . 
  deposing garbage is fined . 
  we recycle , turn it into gas , and burn rest utilizing the energy for creating electricity or heating water . 
  interesting map . 
  i 've experienced an earthquake in the last place i was expecting to experience one . 
  malm\u00f6 , sweden a couple of years ago . 
  one dutch fella looked at the heineken on one of our bb evenings and loudly asked : '' `` who brought this damn canal water to the party ? '', 
  so i can see what you mean . 
  no he meant , stuff they will try to do if they win , only to fuck it all up and create more problems . 
  czerwien which is an old name for a west slavic town , also means the red pigment in color red . 
  so you could talk about the `` czerwien '' in things that are red . 
  rumienie in polish , if i 'm not mistaken are red patches on your cheeks , which you can get from physical work , a cold day etc. 
  tourist influx . 
  and i bet they are using the population as a cheap ass labor force . 
  which gives a chilling idea , some people profit of having a steady stream of prisoners . 
  which might be good enough to start lobbying for laws that send more people towards their prisons . 
  nice , but i got a question . 
  people who have taken the nationality of the new host country , are not part of those number , right ? 
  the mosque in roseng\u00e5rd has a muslim school and kindergarten . 
  who said i do n't grasp people have different takes on matters and opinions . 
  but then again very little issues have 100 % consensus , even in academia we constantly have fractions on matters and solutions . 
  what i write is what i think is right . 
  do i force them on other ? 
  as in real life , things will have their run , and as long as the people in power are content they will run with it . 
  regardless of what i , you or whoever says . 
  as long as they get continuously payed . 
  here is what i think ( and please do n't feel as if i 'm forcing what i say on everyone ) . 
  even with a scientific evaluation we wo n't get a 100 % ( it would be wonderful if it did however reality filled with people ) unbiased , pure and righteous answer to the solutions of the problems . 
  so close to , yes on paper . 
  then they need to be put into practice and here shit can really hit the fan as always . 
  so we go with what you say , close to . 
  compromises will be made for valid and bullshit reasons , back and forth util people who are in power are content , and after x years what have we accomplished ? 
  if it did n't work we are back to evaluating and retrying . 
  yet the 20-40 year problems will now be 100 ( please note that i exaggerated here ) year problems . 
  so what i 'm really saying is , fix the problems that have been lagging for years .
