here we go . . 
  +1 doubt this is correct . 
  i only use fb messenger , texts and snapchat . 
  never heard of wiper, 
  the media told me they 're there as well, 
  also slovenian, 
  does my . . huh . . you know . . `` lower arm '' count ? 
  i have never seen a real gun in my entire life , except on a police officer, 
  i was just talking about public opinion . 
  the goverment usually does as they are told by others ( germany most likely ) . 
  i think we 've passed that point by now . 
  at least in slovenia public opinion is heavily against refugees and anyone saying otherwise is critisized ( including the media ) , so showing pictures of small kids or anything similar has no effect . 
  too bad there 's 80 million of you / s, 
  or . . you could just buy more money, 
  up vote for url linking skills, 
  it was a joke  . 
  the media used to say that all the refugees that are coming are well educated scientists and engineers . 
  no worries . 
  germany is already importing all the scientists and engineers, 
  such is the life of a bulgarian, 
   among the reports from thursday was a case in which a bouncer reportedly told a woman that he would only let her into the bar for 25 euros or `` b\u00fctzje '' ... `` i do n't want to play that down , but that shows that the willingness of women to report has changed , '' temme said , adding that a year ago , such an incident would n't have been reported . 
  can you really make an assumption like this ? 
  you ca n't say something like this happend , if it was not reported and you ca n't say it would n't have been reported , if it did happen . 
  you can leave brazil , but brazil will not leave you, 
  that moose got schooled . . see what i did there ? 
  so antarctica ? 
  it 's safe and chill . . no popcorn , though :d, 
   other refugees who are trying to make it work . 
  i know , right . 
  those 3 will get a really bad reputation because of everybody else . 
  i doubt they want all those around them . 
  the less migrants there are , the better chances those few have of getting what and where they want . 
  i do n't know about buying it while still a minor , but as an adult i can confirm you can ( i did ) buy it by presenting an id . 
  should n't her employer provide a safe environment to work in ? 
  could n't any legal action be taken here ? 
  i doubt they are hard against them , because they would be stealing jobs or whatever . 
  they do n't want them , because they are aggressive , have different culture ( view on women for example ) , and live of welfare . 
  do n't know where you are from , but if you were once safe from any kind of danger in your country at any time of the day , it 's very unpleasant to see it change . 
  yea , but having to work with eldery could just be temporary . 
  going to work and thinking about working in an evironment where you are scared for your personal safety is very unpleasant, 
  so young aggressive asylum seekers are her cup of tea ? 
  we need to accept them . 
  us clouds are no different than european clouds and they will bring in the diversity and cloud enrichment . 
  they do seem to wet themselves only over germany , making european clouds quite uncomfortable and causing them trouble . 
   and they have no reason to believe otherwise . 
  huh ? 
  they can also claim asylum in slovenia , yes . 
  i do n't know how many ( if any ) claimed asylum here , though . 
  that 's why i only wrote austria and germany :d, 
  austria is not closing borders afaik . 
  they said they will only let through migrants who seek asylum in austria or germany . 
  so to prevent any of them to stay in slovenia , we are now doing the same . 
  relocate them across germany , you mean ? 
  they could put those metal things on the roof that prevent snow from sliding off ? 
  true !, 
  pass the popcorn , please, 
  who cares about those few thousand refugees you just dumped to our country as well , right ? 
  i hope it goes to uk . 
  they 're the ones that need it, 
  i doubt this will happen . 
  poland is very likely to close their borders . 
  they also wo n't just agree on this . 
  riots and chaos will start at first when they realize they ca n't go to germany anymore , which will make other countries even more likely to reject them . 
  full throttle it is, 
  why would they eventually go to poland if they can stay in germany ? 
  definetely not easily . 
  i can only understand the beginning and some in the middle . 
  how are the residents responding to these refugees in turkey ? 
  they are mostly seen as violent and unwelcomed by most of the european residents . 
  i wondered why that word did n't make sense to me . 
  turns out it was just a typo . . 
  they are coming through slovenia and are then deported to austria ( and then to germany i guess ) . 
  we have fences to only control the flow and make illegal crossing more difficult . 
  they do not stay here ( thankfully ) . 
  i think italy is also building a fence on borders with slovenia, 
  i think i once read that animals shit when they are frustrated . 
  i do n't remember the article mentioning them organizing a massive sexual assault , though . 
  western europeans : people who are in favor of immigration as long as they can force it on other countries, 
  it 's pretty much the same with all of them , despite the country they live in . 
  what really bothers me , is that they try to make everyone else look bad for not felling sorry for muslims , even though they do not feel sorry for anyone who is not muslim . 
  next thing you know , theres people discussing world domination while playing call of duty on your server . 
  you need to start with kurwa, 
  read ? 
  he is kim kardashian, 
  italy or poland . 
  if i had to leave eu then canada . 
  [ ohh ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140909101218/thehungergames/images/e/ea/oh_stop_it_you.png ), 
   it 's stories like these that make me question if immigration and integration really works . 
  it makes you question ? 
  is it not obvious that people who enforce their views in a country they imigrated to ca n't possibly be integrated ? 
  it all depends on money where i 'm from, 
  i belive it was . 
  it was also stated by the slovenian environment agency that residents in higher floors felt it . 
  yes , 9th floor . 
  felt it in ljubljana . 
  stay safe , italy, 
  [ ohhhh ] ( http://www.gifbooster.com/wp-content/uploads/5549/cartoon-characters-ohhh-meme_53_paused.jpg ), 
  i 'm learning italian, 
  i have 2 questions !, 
  are n't finns known for their introvertism ?
