  i think it 's rather cool to be honest , and i 'm actually not even a nordic fetishist as most of reddit . 
  i also like how icelandic maintains a close relation with ancient norse , fascinating stuff . 
  great explanation , ca n't upvote enough . 
  i am both interested in genealogy and genetics and was about to say something about this , but you said it all and much better . 
  i was going to say that for brits expats with some money portugal is actually imo a very good spot : low crime rates , overall friendly people used to interacting with the english ( and their peculiarities ) , nice weather , good for sightseeing , and decent enough infrastructures for daily life ( give or take excessive bureaucracy in some fields ) and cultural escapades ... ... but then i read :  my greatest concern of here is with regards to welfare in terms of jobs , benefits and healthcare . 
  and i loled :d, 
  you are likely right in all accounts , but honestly , sometimes i feel like you and we share some of the same flaws , namely in this case pissing on something good and above-average only because it applies to your country . 
  all of what you say applies to most other countries which have worse stats , so there is a lot to be proud of . 
  seriously , if the stats had any other country as the leasder you most likely would say `` see , we 're very behind , shameful really , bur what would you expect ! '', 
  fwiw , i agree with you . 
  this is all just a form of forced population migration being used to `` put in line '' workers in the affected countries . 
  note that in portugal the same happens , only with people coming from other countries . 
   we 've been fed the story that we require skilled immigrants to make up for our low birth rate for the past few years that 's snake oil though , and is done at the expense of the native population . 
  there are other ways to increase the birth rate which do not involve replacing the population , and even the idea that a low birth rate must be fought against by all means is in itself worth debating . 
  not that there is anything wrong with wanting skilled immigrants , but note that generally those who support the idea that people from all over should be imported to `` drive natality up '' are also against any form of criteria being used , at least in my experience . 
  i am not against immigration , but i am in favour of countries having a say on the criteria . 
  [ this is inglin !, 
   i 'd be interested to know whether the same applies in europe . 
  it 's awful , mostly , it 's where people go to make the most offensive remarks about everyone , including themselves . 
  it 's where the `` vox populi '' really shines in terms of racism , xenophobia , sexism , overall offensiveness towards anything - the ones made when the topic is some tragedy are hard to stomach . 
   this is a level of compassion you northerners can not understand . 
  i disagree , if anything the nordic countries have a degree of cooperation that sometimes seems excessive , i.e. 
  they have far more trans-national institutions . 
  i think compassion is something that all can understand , what differs is empathy . 
  i also doubt we would be giving something just for the sake of it ; do n't get me wrong , if spain really needed i would agree with it , but that does n't seem to be the case ... 
  had me with the beer , lost me with the cod , 
   i sincerely doubt unicef would mess with these figures , what would they have to gain by doing so ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  note that i 'm not even talking about the figures , i am assuming they are all correct !, 
  i was actually * positively surprised * by our results to be honest , so it 's not like i 'm butthurt for not being in the top 5 . 
  what i did found very strange was the abstract that introduces the actual paper , which seems heavily editorialised : * why do they pick greece , italy , portugal and spain to be `` at the bottom '' when portugal and spain are actually in the middle tier that they themselves define , for example ? 
  * when i saw the abstract i assumed that those 4 countries would be * the last of the 29 * , otherwise why mention that `` 4 southern european countries are at the bottom '' at all ? 
  they are not the last ones , unlike the ones they mention are at the top - which are indeed the first 5 countries . 
  this is [ the brief , which is in the un site as the landing page for the above pdf ] ( http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?newsid=44613&amp;cr=children&amp;cr1=#.uwxg13e-sfe ) :  10 april 2013 -- the netherlands , along with four nordic countries -- finland , iceland , norway and sweden -- top a united nations list released today , which ranks children 's well-being in 29 industrialized countries , while greece , italy , portugal and spain are at the bottom . 
  [ this is the ranking table ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wdg1xbo.png ) . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what to think of the abstract above really ... portugal , for example , is higher than the uk , canada and austria , all of the southern european countries mentioned are higher than the bottom third , greece is above the us , italy still has more countries behind ... 
  i 'm not sure exactly what to make of the headline to be honest ... it seems that someone had already the countries lined up and just said `` fuck the data , who cares about that , we all know they suck anyway , we 'll just define the bottom are anything after the last nordic country and then select the ones we want '' . 
  can anyone shed some insight into this ? 
  i find it so absolutely shitty that i 'm certain i 'm missing something here . 
  yeah , true , forgot about that one , correcting, 
  different replies really ; the tendency is mostly ** not ** to refer to it in any way , where it is the immigration status and ethnicity ( which is often implied ) . 
  this means that there is a practice of using certain words that people associated immediately with immigrant communities : `` jovens '' ( youths ) , `` popula\u00e7\u00f5es deprimidas '' ( depress/disenfranchised populations '' . 
  other terms used when trying to refer to those communities include `` culturalmente diversa '' ( culturaly diverse ) or `` culturalmente rica '' ( culturally rich ) . 
  when used ( which is not often in mainstream media ) the term `` of african origin '' is used for black people , regardless of immigration status and often associated with specific neighbourhoods . 
  `` imigrantes ilegais '' is what is used for illegal immigrants , but again there has been for some time a policy of not using this in relation with , say , crime reporting . 
  additionally , `` imigrantes de leste '' is used for just about anyone coming from what used to be the iron curtain ; there is less concern with this by the way , european immigrants are most likely to be called `` imigrantes de ... '' than anyone from africa , i suppose because there is a whole different stigma attached . 
  more recently brazilians ( mostly from the nw ) also compose a good part of economic migrants ; they are referred to by nationality , but again it is generally not reported by the media . 
  gipsies are called `` de etnia cigana '' ( `` of gipsy ethnicity '' ) - i 'm translating as it is used here , we do not have the term `` roma '' associated with gipsies and using it would make people think of italy . 
  this raises a different issue ( similar to the african communities ) which is the difference between nationality and perceived ethnicity . 
  those who are under asylum have a different classification , mostly because there are n't that many and their status is considered relevant , sou `` exilado polico '' or `` exilado humanit\u00e1rio '' are used . 
  recently the leader of the communist-oriented labour union ( the largest ) called the ethiopian imf guy `` escurinho '' ( darky ) , which raised some comments ( real concern , some thought it was funny , others that it was a metaphor , etc ) . 
  the closest word for `` coloured '' is `` pessoa de cor '' ( lit . 
  `` person of colour '' ) , it 's seen as a non-offensive way to refer the externally visible ethnicity , in a way ; most people just use a liberal classification of `` black '' , most media use `` african descent '' if they really need to . 
  those from india , south america , etc. 
  have different popular classifications , but again this ones are not used in the media since they are considered offensive ( and mostly are ) . 
  above all :  i think it 's something interesting to look at because , in a way , it reflects the opinions of the people of the country . 
  i do n't think so . 
  most of these are `` from above '' . 
  when talking with the `` people of the country '' everything i said above is mostly thrown out the window and much more direct terms are employed . 
  the comment section of online newspapers is rather a good example of this ( although , like in youtube , it 's mostly filled with idiots ) . 
  the concern with terms considered loaded comes from above and actually derives partially from eu directives i think . 
  different media have different approaches , the more tabloid ones are much more likely to , say , put photos and use indirect terms . 
  otoh i 'm quite content to find out that i 'm real and live in a proper country . 
  best compliment in ages . 
  quite true . 
  policies aside , it 's amateur night in terms of politics . 
  it 's periods like these that really make me regret all those times i said `` we just need people that are honest and have a plan , no need for politicians !, 
  good stuff , thank you !, 
  also got something recent from [ the guardian ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/datablog/2013/apr/08/britain-changed-margaret-thatcher-charts ) with some different topics ( like infant mortality '' , interesting data altogether . 
  no worries , thank you for taking the time !, 
  i will try to find something up myself and report back if i find anything mildly interesting ... it 's not easy , i remember following the struggle of the coal miners here in portugal ( i was a kid but it was something that was obvisouly very important to my parents ) and it 's a highly emotional subject , thatcher embodied everything that left-wing voters abhorred ... sometimes thatcher ( like reagan then , and to a point merkel now ) was more a caricature than a human being , hence my interest in trying to access the matter in a more detached way . 
  that is exactly what i asked , thank you . 
  it would be nice to see those numbers * alongside * other indicators ( both financial and others related to education , health , etc ) . 
  i am well aware of my own bias ( which leads me to antagonise tatcher in this case ) , which is why really appreciate other perspectives . 
  all this is something that is increasingly been seen here in portugal : whatever our faults there was a decisive improvement on key indicators in terms of education and health , with things like infant mortality becoming among the very best in the world ( when they were among the worst of industrialised nations ) in two decades . 
  this is , coincidently , the areas which are now being attacked , and with exactly the same arguments as above , it 's a complete deja-vu in every sense : the arguments for it are the same , the ones against it ( even my own , i 'm not claiming originality ) as well . 
  even the `` we must crush organised labour ! '', 
  battle cry is the same , even when addressing issues which have nothing to do with work relations . 
  having said all this ... is there any reasonable study that analyses the result of this policies with some detachment ? 
  meaning , something based on hard data and that provides an idea of what was the end result of this ? 
  truth be told , i 'm becoming so desperate that i want to believe that somehow this policies will work , even if they go against everything i believe in . 
  yee we do , like we need most other public services . 
  portuguese redditors are no different from others in having different political views . 
  i view the privatisation proposals as just another way to promote further degradation of public services while transferring public money to the pockets of a few , which always tend to be somehow related to those who oversee the process . 
  ending public broadcasting entirely is abandoning cultural service and promotion of the language abroad , among others . 
  in europe public tv service is actually something well-defined and not strictly `` non commercial '' . 
  all of this policies are more aligned with ideology than anything else , they apply equally well to any country . 
  like themprivatisation of the royal mail , etc , etc , in portugal today those who rule ( even including the portuguese government ) are quite extreme followers of neo-liberalism so everything is the fault of unions , worker 's rights , the constitution , public services . 
  the next frontier is perhaps attacking child labour laws since they are a burden to `` entrepeneurs '' and stiffle competition . 
  [ sheffield : city on the move ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrjisaoytyg ) ; i first saw it as an intro clip in the `` the full monty '' , always liked this depiction , delightfully retro !, 
  that clause does n't prevent lay-offs , only states that they must be made with a just cause . 
  extinction of departments and reduction of scope are considered just cause , while `` i do n't like the way you complain about working more hours without pay '' is not . 
  the sentence you refer to applies to the private sector as well . 
  edit : instead of downvoting i would prefer those who disagree to tell me what 's wrong with this position , which is so mainstream that i did n't thought it was a source of contention . 
  if the meaning of that clause was different there would be no lay-offs at all , which is of course not what happens daily . 
  i agree , but the fault falls squarely on those who decided that they should gamble with it . 
  the `` state of emergency '' angle has been used and abused for everything . 
  i am also concerned , of course , but a weak decision like last year would irremediably damage the constitutional court reputation and make it more of a kangaroo court than anything else . 
  i suppose that the path will be a ) raising taxes paid by those who work , b ) raising taxes on first-need items , c ) cut down on healthcare and education and of course d ) privatise anything that is monopolistic and turns a profit today . 
  i 'm not even saying this because i disagree with the government , just because there is a lot of precedence for it .
