  so , if the hobos in your example occupy your current home and declare it to be `` your former home '' , everything works ? 
  i do not understand how you seem to use property rights to refute tshirtexchanger 's example , only to then say that once a majority is reached it 's a done deal . 
   if that 's what the people want , why not ? 
  i can think of many reasons , but since your reply is consistent this is another topic altogether , dealing with the existence of countries . 
   well , it 's the same argument used for oliven\u00e7a to remain spanish and not portuguese , brazil brazilian and not portuguese or native american , poland polish and not german and karelia russian and not finnish . 
  they are all different arguments , and all have different legal statuses . 
  the final argument in all of them is a mix of international law and sheer violence . 
  by the way , the forced deportation of millions of germans after ww2 , with an incredible loss of human life , was done exactly with that in mind : better deport them all lest they be a majority in their regions . 
  furthermore , the argument itself is useless in practice : if in oliven\u00e7a or in gibraltar or anywhere else something was done to kill all the current inhabitants , followed by a week of intense colonisation , everything would apparently `` work '' using that logic ... let 's disregard how things come to be and hold a vote . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying i have a magic solution for this issue , just that i think it is a lot more complex than just using the democracy angle . 
   same thing with the falklands , the people currently living there are british so the argentinians have no business in protesting and trying to move in . 
  except that for argentina they `` have no business being there '' since `` the island was argentina 's property '' . 
  also , would `` people currently living there '' work as a way to have large segments of european capital cities declare independence ? 
  can this also be used for tibet once china settles enough people there ( if it did n't already ) ? 
  is it time constrained ( e.g. 
  inhabitants living somewhere for x years ) or can one use the argument immediately after becoming a majority ? 
  and if so , is it still `` democracy '' if the majority was obtained through force , colonisation and mass deportations ? 
  the idea that it 's only the wishes of the present population that counts , without any concern to the overall situation , serves as a foundation to justifying all sorts of cruelties : might as well start deporting and killing them all before someone holds a referendum . 
  note that i 'm not pro-argentina or anti-british or anything of the sort , i 'm simply talking about what i perceive as a simplistic approach to the matter of territorial jurisprudence , and one which most people disregard when it 's about their country . 
  i use firefox mainly ... perhaps this is not a common approach , but i actually use chrome just for reddit and a couple of other sites , it 's an easy way to keep things completely isolated . 
  sigh , we 're a bunch of muppets :d, 
  you are right , of course . 
  i have just last week helped two friends of mine with their english cv since they are going abroad . 
  `` we '' have been going to canada and elsewhere for low-paying jobs for some time now , but what 's completely dramatic with the current situation is that all the investment in education for the last 30 years is going down the drain since everyone is going abroad . 
  i have n't gone yet ( although i would likely move within europe ) simply out of inertia , for one , family ties and lack of dire need to do so . 
  also , an abstract idea that i should stick around and try to `` fix '' things instead of jumping ship . 
  but i am losing money every month , and i sometimes found myself thinking if i do n't owe it to my child the experience of going abroad . 
   485 eur / month job `` opportunities '' * \\* includes all applicable subsidies . 
  no long-term contract implied , `` at will employment '' . 
  could be revised downwards in the near future . 
  protection in case of pregnancy and family support , while implied in the general law , should n't be taken as serious . 
  could involve relocation to another city or continent . 
  required university diploma or master degree for some openings . 
  high degree of fluence in english and knowledge of french or german preferred . 
   despite record unemployment figures , there are 1.85 million job vacancies in different sectors throughout europe . 
  this compares with the 26.2 million unemployed . 
  so ... salaries for this positions should increase until they are filled , is n't this the `` fair market '' approach ? 
  that sounds pretty great , packing !, 
  ps : it 's half a joke , but not by much . 
  and i 'm not defending it , you are absolutely right , but part of the implicit blackmail is that people `` like me '' will gladly take that job , thus setting back the social advances of workers there , while the same happens here by using workers from african , south america or eastern europe . 
  i have n't looked in detail to this specific offering yet , i 'm talking in more general terms . 
  if you somehow remove those who were not born after the 70 's [ you get numbers that are aligned - slightly above sometimes , slightly under other times - with the rest of europe ] ( http://www.pordata.pt/en/europe/enrolled+students+as+percentage+of+resident+population+total+and+by+level+of+education-1658 ) . 
  the problem with education is that the effects take some time , unlike other fields . 
  in terms of , say , infant mortality rates ( which also had a similar difference ) things improved in a matter of years and are better than many other european countries . 
  [ this is well done stats/charts porn : portrait of portugal 2010 ] ( http://www.pordata.pt/portraits/en/pt2010v201212101600/index.html ) , if you 're interested . 
  i have asked that question in this thread , thank you for answering it !, 
  i have received `` oh , you speak russian '' comments sometimes , which i find very interesting . 
  and you are right , sound-wise romanian is perhaps closer to other romance languages than portuguese , it 's funny how languages evolve . 
  hope you had a good time in lisbon . 
  if not , do n't answer publically since that could damage tourism and how things are i think that allowing child labour is the next emergency measure . 
  i know right ? 
  it 's like `` i should be understanding this , i understand the words more or less , but wtf is he saying ?? '', 
   what do people make of the irish language ? 
  here 's audio and video . 
  see [ my comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/18ou5l/whats_your_favourite_european_language/c8gvt1u ) , i quite like it , went through a phase that only listened to it and for the little i learned i can speak it like i was born in the gaelteach ( from conamara since that 's where the material i had came ) . 
  edit : for anyone reading this , and while a bit commercial , [ enya 's na laetha gael m'\u00f3ige ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylgnbuxksnc ) is well worth it , but i 'm biased since this song means a lot to me . 
   finnish is my favourite european language commenting because i had forgotten about finnish , and it is indeed quite interesting !, 
  i remember reading the edda in a version that had both language , hugely fun !, 
  i 'm shooting comments one after the other because it seams that i mostly like every european language in a certain way ... some are more melancholic ( portuguese fits in here ) , others more aggressive , others more romantic ... 
  i just ca n't help thanking you like this was important , even if i know that this means nothing . 
  in this day and age i think this small things are all that are left ... 
   fav : russian and portuguese do you think that they sound similar ? 
  asking because i 've been asked if i was speaking russian more than once while abroad ... 
  do n't be sad , i like dutch as i said in my other comment :d i always feel bad at this sort of things , i ca n't help feeling bad when someone says that they dislike my language :( dutch and german are however a bit different in terms of sound ... 
  i would say that dutch is actually closer to portuguese in a way , mainly in the vowels . 
  the more guttural sounds are perhaps the biggest difference . 
  you 're wrong , [ this guy is right ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/18ou5l/whats_your_favourite_european_language/c8gnt0w ) just kidding  i get what you say about the nasal sounds and the `` sh '' ( the brazilians actually omit this last one , i 'm not sure if that 's a novelty or an archaism , even because that sound is n't universal in portugal ) , and even the melange : in [ my comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/18ou5l/whats_your_favourite_european_language/c8gvqi1 ) i actually mention that and how sound-wise portuguese ends up being closer to catalan/french , while in vocab it is very similar to castillian . 
  so yes , if you learned them in that order i can imagine that it does sound a bit weird . 
  do n't ask me why , but i like gaelic and welsh . 
  could be that i grew up amidst the celtic craze . 
  one good think is that the sounds are almost all present in portuguese so the accent turns out quite well . 
  i do n't dislike any language , i think each one has a specific character . 
  many people dislike dutch , i think it 's quite interesting . 
  i also appreciate german . 
  i have superficial knowledge of slavic languages , i have listened to czech and liked it , plus i now have plenty of russian and ukrainian speakers around here and i quite like it . 
  oh , french . 
  french seems to be a bit a language most people like to say they dislike nowadays , a bit because it was so influential in the xix century . 
  i like french , it 's a very nice language , one that i wished i could master better ( i 'm working on it though ) . 
  ps : i forgot english ... 
  i think this is one of the problems of becoming an utilitarian language of sorts  but it would be in bad taste to omit that i 'm quite fond of the foreign language in which i can almost completely feel at home . 
  pps : portuguese ... it 's an interesting language like so many others , i would say that it is a language more of poetry than prose , with some nice features in terms of vowels and some less attractive ones like the nasal sounds . 
  it 's hard to be neutral , but i think that it 's a language that fits us well , for better and for worse . 
  agreed . 
  to us western romance speakers it it a bit taxing hearing it though , since you do n't really understand it but you sort of do ... 
   for some reason i love the sound of the portuguese language and dislike spanish . 
  because you 're awesome , that 's why :d more seriously though ( and note that i like castillian and this is all a personal preference thing ) portuguese and spanish are quite mutually understandable when they are written/read , but there is a * huge * difference in terms of phonetics , mainly due to the number of vowel sounds , etc. 
  portuguese is sound-wise closer to catalan and - from what i keep hearing - russian than to spanish , which is in turn closer to greek for most people . 
  actually , some of the way we treat the vowels and the speed of it is not unlike dutch - perhaps this influences your preference ? 
  what i 've read on the subject seems to attribute the differences mainly on the substract : castillian is heavily influenced by basque , whereas gallician-portuguese follows french in inheriting the sonority of celtic-ish tribes . 
  note that i 'm talking merely of the language , not anything else . 
  they remain , however , extremely close languages , and learning one of them knowing the other is really easy , as is reading a newspaper . 
  i know . 
  i have family roots there you insensible sod , 
  ahhh , i see . 
  sorry , did n't catch that one , how silly of me , re-reading it it makes perfect sense !, 
  as for those demonstrations , and even though around here there is nothing of that scale ( or anything resembling it now that i think about it , apart from the odd over , i would avoid taking it `` personally '' . 
  it 's surely not something i would like to see and i understand how it can seem offensive ( and it is ) but there is a certain sense of being powerless that drives this easy insults . 
  in any event , not something that is enjoyable to watch . 
  first , thank you for the nice words , highly appreciated !, 
  in what regards regional accents , it really depends .
