  i 'm convinced , even because i value knowledge as an end in itself . 
  however , the proposals that are generally included in `` packages '' to `` boost competitiveness '' are : * reduce minimum wage ( which is around 250 $ ) * reduce pensions * reduce healthcare * reduce the actual spending in terms of public education * `` liberalise '' labour laws ( at-will firing , for example ), 
  just one remark : the image is a bit ambiguous , perhaps purposely so . 
  the sign reads `` we should n't have to pay for their crisis '' , which in light of the topic can be read as `` we [ citizens of other european countries ] should n't have to pay for their [ portugal ] crisis '' . 
  while even this sentiment can be seen as understandable ( or even correct ) , the nature of the demonstration points elsewhere :  the aim of this day of action is to highlight trade unions opposition to the  european economic governance proposal which will be examined during a european summit on 24-25th march . 
    several actions will take place in brussels on 24 march , to say ` no ' to austerity plans in europe , no to cuts in wages and pensions , no to insecurity + unemployment , no to deregulation of labour standards and social regression , and no to rising social inequalities . 
  i would think that the sign means `` we [ european citizens/workers ] should n't have to pay for their [ financial speculators/banking/etc . ], 
  crisis '' . 
  as a general comment to the article , i do not think that there is an easy way out . 
  personally the whole process is just another sign of how the eu tends to fail in some key areas . 
  note that i lay the bulk of responsibility of the situation on portugal ( and thus portuguese people ) . 
  however the way this was handled just tends to show that perhaps defaulting and getting out of the euro is an option that should be considered . 
  almost watching in real-time , it 's not as fun as football , but entertaining nonetheless . 
  this could have interesting implications . 
  since this is / r/europe one of them is the raise of anti-eu sentiment overall . 
  i 'm highly critical of current economic policies , but the credit rating agencies make little sense : they downgrade if no `` austerity '' measure are taken because the deficit and public spending will increase , and then also downgrade when the called-for austerity measures are implemented since they will have a `` negative '' impact on economic growth . 
   that 's i really do n't like using that term , it means too many different things to too many people . 
  yes , it is used liberally  i agree with you , the term almost needs to be rigidly defined in the beginning , otherwise it is almost meaningless without much context . 
  not sure why you were downvoted , the terms `` neo-liberal '' is used to denote right-wing policies . 
  granted that `` liberal '' is not `` neo-liberal '' , but the use of the term ca n't be viewed to denote `` left-wing '' leanings ( as is often the case in the usa ) . 
  almost all right-wing parties consider themselves `` liberal '' , while the same ca n't be said for left-wing ones . 
  well , the standard `` it 's different depending on the country '' answer applies . 
  i can tell you about how it works in portugal though . 
  it is likely similar to most other countries , give or take . 
  plus , and since i can anticipate the distrust , the health care system is perhaps one of the things that we got that works and is in good ranking ( which is why they are trying to end it ) . 
  so , everyone pays taxes towards public health care . 
  everyone has a `` health card '' which is presented when using the services . 
  you have a family doctor in the health centre of your area of residence ( although sometimes you end up in a `` waiting list '' until such a doctor becomes available , until then your appointments are dealt by the `` pool '' ) . 
  theoretically this is were almost everything is supposed to happen : you make an appointment , the family doctor sees you and prescribes meds and analysis . 
  analysis and speciality consultations are often made in a public hospital . 
  the biggest problem here is the waiting time , depending on the speciality it can be a bit high ( but things like oncologic problems have close to no waiting time ) . 
  the meds are subsidised , and so are the analysis/tests/samples . 
  most of them are free . 
  actually , in a hospital everything is sort of free , give or take some process costs here and there . 
  this includes hospital beds and surgical interventions . 
  regardless of any other shortcomings , nobody enters an hospital thinking about the cost . 
  a major problem is the tendency to rush to an hospital as an emergency instead of going first to a family doctor , which clogs hospitals . 
  i will happy to provide any more details . 
  i have had close friends and family members with rather serious medical conditions ( cancer , hearth problems leading to surgery , etc ) and while there are certainly some kinks , and the quality of treatment is n't as uniform as one would hope , the simple fact that monetary issues were n't a factor is indescribably reassuring . 
  i 'm sure other european countries have even better systems , but i 'm happy with the one we have got ( in broad terms , there is great room for improvements in several areas , but i 'm talking about the universal nature of it ) . 
  a different problem is the ability to pay for medicines : even if highly subsidised , there are people ( generally pensioners who receive the minimum pension since they never did any discounts ) who must choose between buying first-need items and their meds . 
  this is a shame , of course , but is not directly linked with how healthcare works , it 's more a reflection of the very low median income . 
  perhaps you also want something regarding public/private relations ... this is a hot topic , and will continue to be so . 
  the state contracts services from private health firms ( say , blood tests or imaging , even some interventions ) . 
  this is especially true for areas in which there is a large waiting list . 
  however the dynamics of public/private relations is a highly political subject , since most people that talk about `` creating synergies with the private sector '' tend to oppose public healthcare in the first place . 
  some experiences with `` public hospitals under private administration '' have not given any visible results to speak of . 
  doctors , in general , prefer to work in a public hospital , or at the very least * also * work in a public hospital . 
  the reason is that the equipment , specialisation areas and overall experience is better . 
  private hospitals pay better though ( on average ) . 
  one additional detail : the `` health card '' thing i said above is true , but nobody can be refused treatment . 
  this applies to legal and illegal immigrants . 
  so , the right to healthcare of anyone in national soil - not necessarily nationals - trumps the need to have an id card . 
  i 'm unsure how far this goes though , but afaik there is no set limit . 
   considered italians to be some sort of exotic detestable labor-monkeys hahaha , quite , those italians !, 
  i read that as `` whatever , you all look sort of the same to me '' :d j/k, 
  your point is valid , but do note that the tone of skin in itself is n't the only factor that leads to gypsies being immediately recognisable . 
  i know gypsies that have a `` lighter '' skin tone than non-gypsies , but they are easily identified nonetheless . 
  your point is , however , more generally applicable : say , turkish immigrants . 
  also , i think that rolmos did n't meant `` assimilated '' as in `` completely indistinguishable '' : he was referring to gypsies who are identifiable as such but that are assimilated , i.e. 
  they participate in society in a way that is not tied with what one generally ascribes to the `` gypsy lifestyle '' . 
  i suspect that one must click in every map , which is only possible if you 're a member . 
  i 'm not , but apparently you would see some environmental maps , along with some haplogroup clines and historical maps , which would end up proving something . 
  i 'm not sure if the author is trying to show that there is a relation between climate and genetics . 
  without more information is impossible to tell really . 
  works in portugal , but the show is also on a national `` basic cable '' channel . 
   where do you think we should draw the line for people wanting custom flags ? 
  i just hope that the answer is n't to attach that nicety to the country credit rating . 
  just saying . 
   i ca n't come up with something that could be turned into some kind of prejudice hey , i 'll help you with that : we never did cope quite well with this `` capitalism '' thing that appeared , and have been on a downward spiral for some centuries now . 
  we are not alone in this and much has been written on the subject ( cf. 
  protestantism and capitalism , expulsion of the jews and aversion to capitalism , etc , etc ) . 
  this in itself is n't that bad , but given this we have steadily been an emigration country . 
  just add to this the fact that most emigrants from portugal have traditionally been illiterate ( or almost ) and you have the scenario set for all sorts of prejudices : our emigration profile is one in which people go to do menial tasks . 
  this is broadly what underpins most prejudices , i would say . 
  especially since this took place in the xx century . 
  since this is also hand-in-hand with the ascension of northern europe in general i think that the prejudices acquire several different dimensions . 
  you can see the somewhat the same today with eastern european immigration , even towards portugal . 
   i guess it 's some kind of fado clich\u00e9 yes , just remembered that . 
  makes some sense , yes . 
  i did n't relate that with lack of humour , but that 's a well-known characteristic ( longing , sadness , etc ) , so it sort of makes sense . 
   imho most of europe has no prejudices against or even knowledge of portugal ... quite . 
  i think i prefer prejudices somewhat ( and they do exist of course , just as they exist here towards others ) . 
   if i was asked what i thought was typical of portugal , i would say people sitting all evening in pubs , listening to sad songs of grief and loss that would actually be cool . 
  alas , if that ever existed it does n't no more , people do not go to pubs - most likely they 'll go to mcdonalds - and listen to lady gaga . 
   i personally know some portuguese guys , yet i know more about e.g. 
  san marino and andorra than about portugal . 
  :( well , in terms of personal knowledge about mundane characteristics that does n't surprise me and is quite natural . 
  it does somewhat surprise me from an historical perspective though . 
  i also do not understand why portugal does n't know what a joke was . 
  i was expecting something to do with lack of organisation , etc , etc. 
  while certainly not the more expansive of europeans i would n't say that it warrants the explicit accusation of lack of humour . 
  btw , i can only understand the `` holland did n't get the joke '' as a derivative of `` germanic people have no sense of humour '' . 
  you see , romance speakers are all about kissing each other , laughing a lot and doing nothing , germanic speakers are half robots with no emotions . 
  first , let me begin my telling that your comments in this thread are both interesting and well-thought out . 
  i might not agree with all of them , but that 's irrelevant . 
   why do n't you integrate into theirs ? 
  it 's not like they are immigrants . 
  that 's something that in theory is true , but everyone that says it knows that the reality disproves it . 
  yes , they are not immigrants ( and even if they were you could say the same , i know i have heard it plenty of times , `` there is no worse/better '' , etc etc ) but almost nobody recognises them as being `` truly national '' more than in their passport .
