  fixed . 
  `` finisterra '' means `` end of the earth '' in latin , and is a well-known [ cape ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fisterra ) in galiza , spain . 
  the reason i use it is that portugal is , poetically and in our literature , known as the `` finis terra '' in terms of countries , i.e. 
  the face of europe looking west . 
  done !, 
  yeah , santos as well , nice spot , adding it . 
  i would need to get hard data for the portuguese one ; almeida is not particularly common imo ( it 's well-know , but not exactly what i would consider extremely common ) . 
  i would put all my money behind `` silva '' for the most common portuguese surname , and even gon\u00e7alves , fernandes , pereira , rodrigues , sousa and martins are imo more common ( or at least as common ) as pereira . 
  btw : * almeida : surname derived from the town of the same name , and adopted as surname by those who conquered it form the moors during the reconquest . 
  the word itself means `` plain land '' in arabic * silva : from the latin `` wood , forest '' , also adopted by a specific visigothic lineage in iberia . 
  also applicable to several locations that have it in the name . 
  * gon\u00e7alves : patronymic of gon\u00e7alo ( high german in origin , visigothic gundisalv ) * fernandes : patronymic of fernando and fern\u00e3o ( english ferdinand , visogothic frithunanths ) * pereira : `` pear tree '' in portuguese , but it is a surname derived from the estate with the same name in the xi century , home to one of the oldest nobility lineages * rodrigues : patronymic of rodrigo ( high german in originic , visigothic roderic ) * sousa : location-based in origin , from a visigothic family apparently ( at least in theory ) * martins : patronymic of martim ( english martin , from the latin martinus ) . 
  i 've read a lot about patronymics and matronymics and how they are common in some place today ; note that at least in portugal and spain a lot of the existing surnames have that origin and until relatively recently ( say , two centuries ) it was not at all uncommon . 
  edit : * santos : `` saints '' , a religious name , not specifically tied to a family but often given to those born on all saints , and from then on became a very popular surname . 
  * ferreira : `` blacksmith '' , but also an area with iron mines ( english `` ferrier '' is the most direct example in terms of the root of the word , and `` smith '' the one that is likely equivalent ) . 
  ( i i was going to post this as a new comment , but then saw yours and i think it fits better as a reply ) i 've been reading the comments , and apart from a ) questioning the graph because it does n't appear to suit some notions of who should be on top and that it must be due to corruption and b ) questioning the hygiene of northern europeans ... 
  i think it should be interesting to consider the economic incentive behind having good beaches ... 
  i am quite sure that in portugal beaches would be worse ( and imo they are quite good , with a lot of investiment made in terms of both water quality and also sand quality , with squads of teenage volunteers roaming around picking up garbage , cigarrete buts , etc ) if they were n't seen as an economic advantage ... and i do n't think that beaches in , say , belgium are exactly a tourist hotspot , mainly due to the weather . 
  things like keeping a `` blue flag '' are considered investments and come with mandatory regular measurements , etc. 
  beaches that are not used by people generally accumulate garbage and suffer in terms of water quality , and this is true even in countries with great weather , let alone in countries which do not view bathing sites as specifically worth the attention . 
  lakes otoh likely have different measurements that make them naturally look worse than oceanic beaches . 
  additionally i think that the concept of `` bathing site '' is relevant , since i would assume that this only includes areas with surveillance and which are `` legally '' defined as such . 
  actually picked that up when i was in denmark some years ago , so i did n't need to google-fu  i 'm really glad you found it interesting . 
  i did n't meant for it to be that long , but now that you answer it i got a similar feeling when i was in scandinavia , namely that danes seemed more expansive than swedes , and certainly than norwegians ( which i found to most reserved of all ) . 
  this could be something completely based on small sampling , but in any event if true it would also appear as `` odd '' to those who think that everything is the same north of the rhine , and are taken by surprise when each country has some specific `` feel '' to it , which is likely due to a long historic process that was not taken into consideration . 
  ps : talking about denmark made me remember the [ often forgotten joint-venture between denmark and portugal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jo%c3%a3o_vaz_corte-real ) which is shrouded in mystery :d, 
  not sure really , it 's part of the national character . 
  `` depressive '' is not entirely accurate , it 's more of a fatalist demeanour , a certain longing ... a `` nostalgia for when things were bad '' , in a way , since we seem to always admire the most tragic episodes . 
  i have no specific reason really , partially i think it is natural that different countries have a different demeanour ; while ethnically and culturally the iberian peninsula has more a continuum than anything else portugal has almost a millennia so it developed some particular characteristics that are generally not considered to fit the `` always happy , loud and filled with bravato '' southern european stereotype ( although we fit others , of course ) . 
  unamuno ( a spanish author , which i like very much ) has an entire book about it , although at the time he could also be reflecting the xix century zeitgeist that was still being somewhat felt ( `` cause of the decadence of the peninsular peoples '' and the like , basically an introspection into the causes of the shift of power from south to north ) . 
  this demeanour is the basis of some of the best and worst episodes , it 's almost as an hyper-valuing of the medieval chivalry ideals of suffering ( and indeed this sort of novels were always extremely influential ) and i think it is at least partially based on the notion of being a small country , surrounded by the atlantic and spain , that tries to aim farther . 
  note however that this fatalism is n't necessarily `` sadness '' . 
  an example : in [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_alc%c3%a1cer_quibir ) battle we lost a lot ... that being said , the supposed words of the king are still treasured as if they meant a victory . 
  as the legend goes , when everything was clearly lost , and after refusing any idea of surrender , king sebastian said `` my lords , my royal liberty will only be lost with my life '' . 
  the nobility accepted their fate , start advancing towards the enemy , and the king says ** `` to die ... yes , to die ... but slowly '' . 
  ** note that i 'm not sharing this as some sort of `` look how great it was !, 
  '' ; i am well aware that episodes like those are plenty in just about every country , or even more heroic ones . 
  what i find it interesting is the final sentence , since it conveys the soul-braking fatalism that affects us to this day . 
  fuck , now i 'm depressed , way to ruin my easter mate :(, 
  germany has an overall good image and most people admire what is called `` german efficiency '' . 
  since we have no specific historical hostility with germany itself there is little to affect the view of the germans themselves , most people think of them as slightly cold and detached but methodical . 
  above all people certainly have respect for what they perceive ( right or wrongly , and here you must understand that portuguese are probably the most depressive people in southern europe ) as the way germans were able to be reborn from the ashes and also how they seem to be able to have better politicians all around . 
  some say that the `` reborn from ashes '' is exactly why this is possible . 
  so , the opinion on the people itself is rather good i think . 
  ad for germany itself it is nowadays seen a bit as `` the eu '' , and i think most of the hostility comes from there . 
  people around here are well aware that sacrifices have to be made and also more than aware that asking for others to pay for `` our '' mistakes is wrong ( this is the universal opinion tbh ) ; having said that there is also the sentiment that a lot of what is being done is mostly to protect a certain development model that overwhelmingly benefits germany and that ultimately everything being done is part of that . 
  * a lot * of people are starting to think about the benefits of simply saying `` fuck it dude , let 's go bowling '' , with the idea that it would likely seriously affect most others and actually be better in the medium term . 
  merkel is seen by many as the culprit of the situation not because local government is n't at fault , but mostly because merker = = germany = = eu , and the way bailouts have austerity measures have been made are seen as a way to protect german banking and economy while at the same time appearing as a favour . 
  the `` merkel is hitler '' and `` germans are nazis '' is used by a small minority and would be used regardless of the situations since that is what most people think of when trying to be insulting towards germans . 
  it means little tbh . 
  one think that i have personalty been finding depressing ( and also affects the attitude on the street ) is that the news about how this situation is portrayed by the media in germany and other northern european countries is much more `` let 's play the victim and blame others '' than the one in portugal . 
  this in turn increases the sense of `` oh yeah ? 
  well , fuck you to , time stop caring about eu stability and just get out and see the circus burn '' . 
  others completely disagree and while agreeing in that the eu answer is inappropriate they say that anything outside the euro would be worse . 
  true , country as a brand is well worth investing since it increases the value of all your exports . 
  it would be funnier if it was being advertised as horse meat ... 
  still , article seems to stretch it a bit does n't it ? 
  goes from `` mystery mean in lamb curry in the uk '' to `` in spain it is rumoured that dogs are used in dog food '' . 
  for all we know the lamb curry could be of cat or ... ... ** soylent curry **, 
   sure i can . 
  there is one party that is far right that does n't like eu and not that fond of immigrants , and i did n't vote for them the previous election since i 'm not that fond right wing ideology but yeah in the next election i 'm going to vote for them unles another party decides to change their stance on eu . 
  similar reasons are used by those people that you seem to think love to elect corrupt government , i.e. 
  that outside of the existing ones there is no real choice . 
   but i can not do anything about what politicans other countries votes for and apparently a lot of eu countries loves corrupted politicans . 
  yeah , it 's a real delicacy , it 's like an addiction , everybody loves them around here . 
  you ca n't do nothing ? 
  you mean to say that wherever you live you ca n't vote on politicians that support your `` smaller version of the eu '' and stop giving out copious amounts of money for absolutely no gain ? 
  seems a bit fishy , are your sure they are n't being bribed by our big southern oligarchies and crime syndicates ? 
  just like all citizens of the countries undergoing financial crisis are blamed because `` they elected their government , it 's all their fault '' , in the same vein you elect your own governments , so if they keep financing so absolutely corrupt countries , well , it 's your fault . 
   i would gladly support a smaller version of eu where countries only are allowed to join if they have low corruption and does n't need handouts all the time . 
  then get at it , you 're all very special snow-flakes . 
  it 's not our fault that you do not elect politicians that represent what you consider your best interests . 
  for those that might think `` meh , an enclave , plenty of those around '' the above is key ... from the article :  apart from the main division ( called zondereigen from the main hamlet ) located north of the belgian town of merksplas , there are twenty belgian exclaves in the netherlands and three other sections on the dutch-belgian border . 
  there are also seven dutch exclaves within the belgian exclaves . 
  six of them are located in the largest one and a seventh in the second-largest one . 
  an eighth dutch exclave lies nearby ginhoven . 
  tl ; dr it seems that someone played mine sweeper and divided the squares between countries . 
  ufff , that is slightly less depressing , thank you . 
  btw , a quick analysis on the numbers seems to show that we are pretty much the same but some change in calculations modified the final result ; additionally unemployment is also affecting the index . 
  still , i think i speak for all of us when i say that i 'm ashamed of this numbers , particularly in items like child labour . 
  still , in the really important stuff ( education , health , lack of disparity , etc. ), 
  the forecast is actually not so good : there were a lot of improvements in the last four decades that were due to investment on public sectors ( e.g. 
  infant mortality was one of the highest , now it is one of the lowest ; the percentage of people which were not alphabetised was much higher and takes several generations to stop affecting the overall numbers , etc ) , exactly the ones which are now being dismantled . 
  i vote on `` amount of fish consumed '' . 
  that sounds like a typical anglo-saxon plan to divert attentions from the london-merkel banking conspiracy . 
  i 'm on to your lollardy . 
  your comment does n't really make sense ( or better yet , it comes out as very simplistic imo ) when the historical context is cinsidered . 
  there was little to no possibility of a longer process at the time , particularly with the cold war . 
  also , even hinting it was seen as fascist , colonial and racist since it implied that africans were n't ready for independence and needed supervision in order to bee refrained from destroying the country . 
  this in top of a war in which many people died and was going on for decades . 
  additionaly all other decolonisation processes where hardly to write home about . 
  at the time advocating anything less was seen as a colonial holdout . 
  not sure what that is but i blame the germans . 
  i 'm aware of that , i meant to specifically mention valencian since there are historical records comparing it with portuguese . 
  i am only superficially aware of the language controversy but in general i view it as the same language . 
  the same for mirandese - which is lionese - and portuguese and galician . 
  part of the problem , and i only remembered that with your reply , is that there is a big political aspect to these issues , either one likes it or not . 
  leave the eu , take the canolli . 
  thank you , that was interesting . 
  finnish is quite interesting , both in the written form and phonetics .
