  some of the `` thicker '' ones can be very , very tricky , especially when coupled ( and they usually are ) with regionalisms in the vocabulary itself . 
  without subtitles some of the stuff in `` lock , stock ... '' is close to incomprehensible , * but * surprisingly enough i do n't find it all that difficult , taken as a whole . 
  this could be due to exposure to different english accents that tend to make those that learn it able to withstand the onslaught of accents  there are some that are very hard though . 
  pikey comes to mind of course , but geordie is also ... problematic . 
  outside of england i suppose that `` thick '' scottish accent could be problematic , but i never encountered one that was not understandable . 
  some of the english as spoken in india and jamaica is barely understandable to my ears though . 
  depends on the `` we '' really , with the fall of the roman empire `` you '' did invade southern europe , if you squint and look at it sideways . 
  in any event i doubt that invading southern europe would do wonders for your sense of humour , worst case scenario we would end up with your sense of humour and our organisational skills . 
  [ fucking northern monkeys vs. fucking southern fairies ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iur1jejyx7y ) , 
  yeah , it went bad pretty quickly , talk about german sense of humour , 
  in the real south ( i.e. 
  not lisbon and surroundings ) it 's not that common to make fun of `` the north '' , at least in my experience . 
  most stuff is concerning lisbon ( as it is in other regions ) . 
  otoh in lisbon jokes are made about north , south , east , west , whatever , and in turn lisbon is also a universal target . 
  well , it 's pretty big news , worth the analysis i think . 
  we spend equal amount of time debating offsides ... 
  that is news to me !, 
  does 115 also work ( 115 was the emergency number in portugal before it was changed to 112 ) ? 
  italian and polish mafias run a scam by supplying horse meat to a romanian slaughterhouse who then sells it as beef to a french company that sends it to an intermediary in luxembourg that supplies a swedish company that sells frozen meals in the uk and ireland ... all this and we do n't yet know the origin of the horses , or the cows ( if any ) . 
   in fact , we still do n't like each other a lot upvoted for honesty , not sure why i found that funny , i 'm imagining you saying it very seriously in a slow , teutonic inflection . 
  iirc the '' \u00fcber alles '' in the ( former ) anthem was exactly a way to say `` seriously dudes , stop that '' . 
  i 'm aware of the gro\u00df / kleine deutschland dichotomy , particularly the debate in the late xviii and xix century , it 's quite fascinating actually . 
   `` let 's return portugal to the xixth century week yay , a decent flag !, 
  that 's , like , a totally different person !, 
  keep that , you 're actually gaining a lot more that way . 
  portugal has similar laws , with a book of approved names and a book of not approved names . 
  anything not in them should theoretically be analysed first . 
  the list itself has been bastardised relentlessly in the last decades though ( regardless of the position on having a law that regulates this , i 'm merely addressing the objective itself ) . 
  in practice though the people doing the registration end up not doing their job and extremely weird names do exist , and generally imply a certain social standing and/or ethnic background . 
  ps : here is the [ list of approved/not approved names ] ( http://www.irn.mj.pt/sections/irn/a_registral/registos-centrais/docs-da-nacionalidade/vocabulos-admitidos-e/ ) , from the ministry of justice site . 
  it also indicates the gender ... if the first page is representative then only about 5 % of the names there are actually used . 
   indecisiveness on an immediate ban for racism . 
  of the following , which one is racism and should thus result in an immediate ban ( substitute smurfs for something else ) : 1 ) i dislike smurfs , i hate having them leaving near me , i would expel them all back to smurfland if i could . 
  2 ) walking around the place i grew and seeing these blue fucks everywhere disgusts me , i will vote for anyone that will close the borders and clean up the country . 
  3 ) i am against illegal immigration of smurfs to my country , and would like to have the authorities follow the law and expel them . 
  4 ) i have nothing against smurfs , but i dislike the idea of my country having a smurf majority in a few decades 5 ) all bipeds are equal and i have a lot of respect for smurfs ; however mass migration of smurfs into europe/my country/whatever does n't solve the smurfland problem at all and has the potential of introducing a problems in the host nation 6 ) no nationality should be given to smurfs , i support `` jus sanguinis '' as nationality criteria . 
  a smurf will never be a < whatever  , regardless of the id card 7 ) i am pro migration into my country , but restricted to those of a certain area/zone/country , since they share the same ethnic and cultural background ; smurfs do not necessarily fit inside what i would consider , but individually i would not oppose . 
  the problem with a `` racism ban '' is that it has the potential of affecting any conversation regarding immigration policy , since the mere idea of someone saying something that is different from `` open borders for all '' can be traced to racism - unless one uses `` weasel words '' , like `` culture '' , to partially avoid this . 
  a danish fellow in this thread said something along the lines of `` i dislike the eu , i would like something like the kalmar union , blondes everywhere '' ; disregarding the informal nature of the comment i , for example , could start crying `` racism '' until he would retract to the point of saying that not only those that were on the other site of the * limes barbarorum * were welcomed , but that every race not even if yet known is not only dane by birth right as even more dane than he . 
  is this an exaggeration ? 
  perhaps so , but i have seen this used like this a lot of times , thus getting in the way of any debate concerning the concept of nationality , the role of immigration , regional preferences , etc. 
  thank you !, 
  went look it up , seems it is `` stockfish '' , which includes cod , so it 's close enough ( clipfish would be far out though ) . 
  apart from the peninsular war - already mentioned and that seems to fall within the defintion of invasion that includes fighting alongside allies - note that due to the extremely broad definition the pirate raids againts portugal and the portuguese empire would also count ; on the same vein britain was also invaded by spain and portugal ( not by pirates though ) . 
  this is mostly a `` feel good '' article . 
  is that a crowned cod fish in the bottom ? 
  if so , love the flag !, 
  well , yes , quite true , but that only makes it worse : it was the flag of a specific party that appeared at the same period give or take a decade ... there is also the fact that the colours themselves have their root in a republican iberian federation , but this is a minor issue . 
   why ? 
  i 'm not lokarn , and as i said i 'm not even big on monarchy myself , but overall , and from the people i have talked with , the reasons are among the following , and are not even particularly original - traditionalism of most sorts generally makes monarchy a nice addition , i.e. 
  for people who are conservative it rings a bell . 
  - even for the rest of the population and among left-wing persons a monarchy is associated with `` the golden age '' , i.e. 
  there is a feeling that `` greatness '' was associated with having a king ( could be a bit of a cargo-cult deal ) - the republic was mostly an urban affair , the rest of the population was never overly attached to it ; even if the republicans were the `` ardent patriots '' of their time some also associate the first republic with an extremely unstable period that did n't even provide the expected benefits . 
  - `` grass is greener '' sort f thing , you see spaniards complaining about their monarchy , here people complain about the republic , each sees the theoretical `` advantages '' of the opposite system . 
  overall though i would say that the biggest factor is the weight of history ... most people associate the republic with a specific time-frame , while the monarchy is assumed to be everything else . 
  and even if the overwhelming majority of portuguese live better today than in the xvi century , the royal symbols have a certain attraction since they convey apparent grandeur in this times of decrepitude . 
  [ this one ] ( http://5outubro.centenariorepublica.pt/images/stories/simbolos/flags/27_projecto_racional_de_conciliacao.jpg ) ? 
  this is amazingly the only one who had the decency of being explicitly tongue-in-cheek , a feat considering that some of the serious ones are not that better ... 
  i know the raf because i had a , er , pretty revolutionary upbringing , but i think that outside of germany they are mostly known as `` the baader-meinhof group '' or thereabouts . 
  around here we have one that is so forward thinking that he was given credits for classes that did n't yet exist at the time . 
  in the latest incarnation , but the union flags is from the early xvii century is it not ? 
  if i remember things correctly it was changed in terms of pattern depending on the number of `` personal unions '' , i remember that e.g. 
  the flag used when we were all at was in the xvii century was a union jack without the red saltire . 
  the uk still regulates this stuff pretty tightly though , at least due to the existence of king 's of arms . 
  tthe article on the [ timeline of the flag of portugal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_portugal ) starts in 1095 . 
  perhaps the definition of what constitutes a flag vs. an heraldic device is relevant , i think they are focusing on `` national flags '' as flags that were not a direct representation of the monarchs ' coat of arms . 
  note that the same happens for spain , uk , france , hre , etc. 
  here here , at least on the flag - and if for it to change a regime change is needed , well , aesthetics trumps these details . 
  apart from the coat-of-arms this flag is just horrible , completely detached from our history and , what 's worse , people have internalised that this are `` our colours '' . 
  i remember someone replying to the bbdo proposed campaign ( which said that in terms of tourism alone the flag should be changed ) , which was blue and white themed , with `` those colours have nothing to do with us '' . 
  it 's a shame really , it really bothers me that i ca n't enjoy the flag . 
  but there be honest about it than to act like it 's `` the best looking in the world '' like a football supporter which gets his nationalism fix from world cup adverts . 
  i would love to love it , really , but it 's not possible :( ps : it occurred to me that it might be the adequate flag for our times , given the appalling subservience that seems to be de riguer for some time now . 
  poland ftw !, 
  it 's perhaps better to include it here than to open a new topic since they are two closely related topics : [ p\u00fablico newspaper fires 36 journalists ] ( http://expresso.sapo.pt/publico-despede-36-jornalistas=f759094 ) - in portuguese basically the same : p\u00fablico is one of the daily reference newspapers in portugal , the owning group ( sonae ) is beginning to disinvest . 
  while seen as somewhat `` high-brow '' by some it is without a doubt one of the best newspapers in portugal , with investigative journalism , etc. 
  in recent years the trend towards having more comments than news has been criticised . 
  still , a similar situation than many reference newspapers in countries undergoing a crisis . 
   i do n't think that they would be kind to us if we were immigrants in greece . 
  that is difficult to answer for sure , but i doubt that `` we '' or any other sw/w european country are part of the whole issue : greece as specific immigration patterns and even more specific integration issues which relate to specific populations . 
  could it be extended to others ? 
  perhaps , but that is not a given - like it is not a given that those around here that are against , say , african immigrants feel the same about spaniards , etc , etc. 
   i 'm already afraid that this might happen in switzerland as well , and that my family and i will end up in a similar situation . 
  i understand , i also have some family members thereabouts . 
  however that is always partially a risk when working and living abroad : the sudden change of immigration policies . 
  i agree that host countries should not drastically alter their position for those already there , but that by itself ca n't limit the enactment of policies that correspond to the will of most of the people . 
  i do think that some kind of retribution should exist though . 
  a bit like having immigrant communities should not be something that prevents those that stayed in portugal to enact whatever migration-related laws they deem fit . 
  saying this because i 'm a bit tired of the implied sentimental blackmail every time this issue is debated , as if those that are actually here earning a fraction of the income should somehow be even further penalised . 
  full disclosure , i had family members for years in france , have family members right now in switzerland ( albeit in a different way , mostly in terms of position/education/etc ) . 
  at the same time i am decidedly in favour of a much more strict immigration policy . 
  i leave them in my car and use them for parking , or for a coffee . 
  heheh , nicely put . 
   the situation on balkan is far from being calm . 
  it 's the balkanisation of the balkans . 
  seriously though , hope things get on track . 
  the recent events will surely have a huge influence in younger generations , as you said , things will not be forgotten so easily ( on every side ) . 
   do you promise to pay it back ? 
  sure , we promise , why not :d  just pretend you will for a couple of years until we can sell the debt on to some unsuspecting banks and pension funds . 
  touch\u00e9 .
