but facebook already agreed to comply to eu and german law otherwise it could n't do business here . 
  going after them for violating instead of simply blocking them is the right choice . 
  to be fair , there is a huge different between speaking a language and speaking it fluently . 
  for most studies being able to have a very basic communication is enough to count as speaking the respective language . 
  there is a difference beteween - people playing certain video games and the general population - not being able to speak english and just not seeing the need to cos you are only talking to other germans, 
   so to you what the mayor says as response to a general question about molestation make sense to you ? 
  replace `` general '' with specifc and you know why it makes sense . 
   really ? 
  all a woman has to do about not getting raped is keep the attacker at arms length ? 
  again , not what she said . 
  watch the whole interview . 
  again , not what happened . 
   which is not taken out of context and it 's her opinion on how women should behave instead of saying to the scum that abused those women to be more civilized or get the fuck out of europe . 
  and this is completely wrong . 
   a good answer would have been : german women should behave like they normally do , we are currently trying to find the barbarians that did this and deport them asap . 
  and that would be the stupidest thing of all . 
  if there is a thread you do n't tell people to just ignore it . 
  you tell them what exactly the threat is and what they can do on their own to avoid it . 
   yeah , i know what that was , except my mind simply can not understand how somebody in the possession of all his intellectual capabilities put an equal sign between a joke made a by a women who was molested ( twice ) and the actions of her molesters which i never did . 
  so what exactly is your point ? 
  the whole thing , the video , the article as well as my comment , are exclusively about the results of putting stuff out of context and not about what happened in cologne at nye . 
  and she said that in response to what ? 
  correct , the specific question asked by a member of the crowd what possible actions women could take to minimize the risk of being sexually assaulted . 
  context is more than just the what a person stated . 
  it 's ... well , about the context of the whole statement . 
   the mayor specifically tried to shift the blame to the victims by claiming that they should behave differently next time and to keep an arm length at all times . 
  and that 's exactly what the mayor did n't do . 
  no of that happened . 
  are you aware of the #einearmesl\u00e4nge outrage ? 
  the whole thing happened cos the media took what had been said out of context and twisted it to make the mayor look bad . 
  basically the same thing that happened to selina after she gave her statement regarding the nye incidents in cologne . 
  ah , so you neither watched the video nor read the article or my statement . 
   joking about the situation does not mean that she is as bad as the people that fucking abused her . 
  neither the linked video nor the article are about here being abused . 
  they both are about how awful it is when people take what said out of context to make you look like a bad person . 
  and that 's exactly what she did at the end of the video with her `` joke '' . 
  one thing is ( to say the least ) ironic though : both the article as well as the video the victim made talk about how awful it is when people take something out of context and twist it till it means something completely else . 
  and then , probably as some kind of joke , selina does the exact same thing at the end of the video by saying she would now keep social media `` at arms length '' for a while . 
  sorry girl , what you went through was awful , but , as far as i am concerned , the moment you do to others what people did to you , you lose all sympathy and the right to call yourself a victim . 
  yeah , you fought nazis but neither very long nor very successful . 
  so ... better not use it as an argument ? 
   but only because the act of seeking refuge is more impulsive than regular immigration in comparison , that does not mean they wo n't eventually see the need to adapt . 
  i am not denying that that 's a possibility . 
  however , in my opinion , the time refugees should have to realize that they have to adapt , that adapting benefits them , should be rather short . 
  let 's say 3 month at best . 
  after that , there should be noticeable progress . 
  a nation can not simply wait for integration to happen , it has to support those that want to integrate and force or remove those that do n't . 
  i see no chance in hell ( except for a major crises affecting the whole planet and not just a single nation or continent ) that humanity will be united in the next 100 years . 
  heck , i would be surprised if europe gets united before i die ( which should happen in the next 40-60 years ) . 
   but we are approaching a wolrd where all of humanity is unitied . 
  yes , but that future is still hundreds if not thousands of years away . 
   people who flee across the globe to seek refuge in a foreign land are more than likely to accept this consequences as part of the compromise . 
  based on my experience they are not . 
  refugees usually do n't know much about the nation they seek refuge in . 
  they come there to be safe not necessarily to join the local society . 
  normal migrants on the other hand usually know that they have to change to a certain degree in order to be accepted . 
   in my opinion , cultural coexistence is a matter of balance , although i can certainly see your point . 
  it is , but the scope in which that is possible is limited by what the host culture deems acceptable . 
  the host society can change a little to make migrants feel more welcome , but whenever cultural values collide directly the migrants have to leave theirs behind . 
   also , are n't the role of women and the acceptance of gay rights directly dependant on how intensely you adhere to your religion ? 
  to me , they seem interlinked instead of being completely separate issues . 
  that entirely depends on your religion . 
  christianity still has some bullshit view on gay rights but is at least half-way decent when it comes to the role of women . 
  the islam is way behind in both field and jedism really does n't care . 
  it does n't really prevent it but simply raises the question whether cultural coexistence is possible or not . 
  in my book , and this has nothing to do with the nye incidents , it is not . 
  when you move to a country you have to leave parts of your culture behind . 
  things you have to leave behind include e.g. 
  - the role of women - the importance of religion - your cultures stance on gay rights, 
  usually yes , but in gemrany , not so much . 
  rule of thumb : when talking about german politics take a look at what the left-wing in your country has to say . 
  chances are , this is considered to be a `` far right '' position among german politicians . 
  / edit in this case , the `` and deport them if possible '' - part is what makes this statement a right-wing position . 
  currently : back to where they came from , if we know where they came from . 
  since this obviously does n't solve everything the eu will need , similar to australia , partner nations which are willing to take deported refugees for a one time payment . 
  3rd world nations we currently already send rejected asylum seekers back to are prime candidates for such a deal . 
  in theory yes . 
  however , to make such a system effective you also need to partner up with nations that are willing to take those you want to deport but can not since you do n't know where they are from . 
  there is nothing racists about revoking an invitation after you find out the person you invited is a criminal . 
  bild is not our biggest newspaper , it 's our biggest tabloid and pretty much nothing they say is based on fact . 
   syrian male refugees deserted the warring factions , not comply to their command . 
  i was n't talking about soldier but civilians . 
  both german and syrian civilians did/do nothing to stop the third reich/assad regime/isis . 
   looking back at how germans were perceived by the victors is irrelevant today anyhow . 
  but it 's not about what people thought back then . 
  the line of argumentation is still alive today . 
  well , this is the time were i as a german get to basically play the nazi card . 
  man that feels weird . 
  after wwii german citizens were blamed for not stopping hitler when they still could as well as for not fighting back or supporting allied forces . 
  up until now the argument that not opposing hitler was basically the same as joining him is considered valid by tons of people ( and nations ) . 
  so , if that argument is made in regards to the germans and the third reich then it also applies to syrians and the assad regime/isis . 
  which , if you follow that line of argumentation , means that every single syrian refugee that refuses to fight assad/isis is part of the problem . 
  personally i do n't like that line of argumentation , but i encounter it often enough to get the impression that lots of other people agree with it . 
   victim blaming as far as i can understand it is the ~ ~ partial of ~ ~ complete responsibility of avoiding or having avoided an offence against yourself being place on your shoulder . 
  now the definition is correct . 
  one thing people really need to understand is that victims usually are n't chosen randomly . 
  it 's always something they do that makes their attacker chose them . 
  behaving a certain way does n't guarantee that you wo n't become a victim , but it can increase you chances drastically . 
  however , and that 's the important part members of the outrage culture usually chose not to hear or acknowledge , even though a victim may have done something that made its attacker chose him or her does n't mean that it is the victims fault . 
  it is entirely possible to be part of what caused something bad to happen to you but not responsible or at fault .
