  an european `` soli '' ( that 's what it 's called here in germany ) like we have for eastern germany would n't play well with germans . 
  we have experienced first hand how inefficient and at times unfair such a thing can be . 
  the only way such a system could work is if those who give the money also decided exactly how it is used . 
  but that probably would n't play too well with the ee states . 
  a good point too . 
  a superstate would mean one single government and , if you follow the `` one man one vote '' rule germany , france , italy and great britain would stand for more than 50 % of the voters . 
  a `` superstate '' could only work if we ditch at least half of the eu members first . 
  the ... core members ( ? ), 
  like great britain , france , germany , sweden and are similar enough when it comes economical strength that they could form a `` superstate '' but some other nations , especially the easter european ones ( sorry guys ) or well greece are not up to snuff ( yet ) . 
  also , from a germans point of view : hell no . 
  way more to lose than to win for us . 
  the risk is simply not worth the potential gain . 
  you can say about the csu whatever you want , but they are what made bavaria great . 
  okay , not they personally , but the fact that they pretty much were the `` supreme rulers '' for decades . 
  as long the clear majority of bavarian citizens voted for the csu we did n't really have a democracy and therefore could actually make shit happen . 
  i get the complaints about scattered condoms and general hygiene . 
  but these issues are dealt with elsewhere , we have other laws against that . 
  the part about parents not wanting to have certain conversations however i can not agree with . 
  the moment your child understands that there is something out of the ordinary going on you really should be able to explain what . 
  you really do n't want your children to find out about this kind of stuff 2 weeks later on the internet . 
  nobody said anything about it being disorganized . 
  here in germany e.g. 
  sex workers need a permit to offer their services in the streets . 
  what is wrong with it being visible to everyone ? 
  sexworkers provide a normal service . 
  the business only becomes `` dirty '' when you act like it is . 
  maybe . 
  but , since we germans were never asked about gay marriage , i guess we are still worse . 
   i know - but it 's not how it went down on world 's media . 
  here 's a google search for `` refugees welcome germany '' filtered for aug 15 - sept 15     so yes , to use your analogy , you will not be off the hook until you really shut the door and go back to watch tv ( and let the rest of the planet know that you did so ) . 
  here 's the thing : no matter how it turned out , letting those refugees in was the right thing to do . 
  at that point , tens of thousands of them were sitting in trains with no place to go cos nobody in europe wanted them . 
  that the international media turn that humanitarian act into a welcome sign is not germany 's fault . 
  it can not be held responsible for the international media 's lies . 
   oh , c'mon - there were hundreds/thousands of ordinary people holding banners with `` refugees welcome '' . 
  and , even though it is nothing to be proud of , there are also tens of thousands of germans demonstrating every week against migrants . 
  it all started with pegida way before the refugee crises and it is still going . 
  but , surprisingly , nobody seems to care about those voices that clearly say '' ` we do n't want any migrants here at all . 
  go home . 
  now ! '' . 
   ( and merkel 's selfies ) - seriously , can you imagine obama making selfies with mexican illegal migrants ? 
  i can not . 
  but the germany is not the usa . 
  merkel is not obama and refugees are not illegal migrants . 
   yes ... that 's the key point if we examine the underlying assumptions ( it 's always useful to look at the underlying assumptions ) - for example : if germany would had hermetically closed it 's borders 6 months ago , do you think that any of the migrants ( already on eu soil ) would had been killed or persecuted ? 
  probably not . 
  but , then again , if the rest of the eu would have done what they agree to do , germany would n't even had to make that call . 
  so , how far back do we want to go here ? 
  who is to be blamed ? 
  those who caused the problem or those that had to deal with it and tried to fix it even though it was n't their responsibility ? 
  can we blame anyone at all ? 
   hungary said/thought `` most of this people are economic migrants , there is no war at our borders '' . 
  germany said/thought `` most of this people are syrian refugees flying war and isis '' - our leaders must clarify this and come with a common view . 
  i think the problem is that both points of view are valid . 
   bur honestly , if i tell you `` you are welcome in my house '' how will you interpret that ? 
  do n't come ? 
  but that 's not what happened , not at all . 
  to stick to your analogy germany basically found strangers in need at its doorstep that should n't been there in the first place . 
  then , instead of simply shutting the door and going back to watch some tv it decided to help them . 
  it never was a `` you are welcome '' . 
  it always was a `` who are you ? 
  why are you here ? 
  oh ... you are in serious trouble , i 'll guess i help you then !, 
  but germany never invited refugees , we never asked them to come here or told them they all were welcome here . 
  that 's just how the international press made it sound like what actually happened was that , once tens of thousands of refugees were already here on the way , merkel said `` we can do that '' and decided not to enforce dublin . 
  this was a humanitarian act that , as we all know now , went sideways . 
  germany is already denouncing #willkommenskultur , at least partially . 
  it just recently has been decided that the number of refugees we will accept will be capped . 
  the `` we can do that '' attitude is not completely gone yet , but it dies a little every day . 
   that 'll default to a humanitarian crisis . 
  no country on the migration paths ( even taken together ) can handle 1 million people . 
  which , to be frank , is not germany problem . 
  even though german politicians do n't say it out loud pretty much all of them know that there are only two options ( if they want to get elected again ) : - get all eu members to do their part - stop ignoring dublin if the first ca n't be done cos some nations do n't want to play nice germany will start enforcing dublin again and stop tacking refugees at all . 
  you ca n't really compare hungary austria and germany . 
  those nations are on a completely different power level . 
  not `` back to syria '' but `` back to the eu nation they came from '' . 
  sending everyone back to syria by default would not be legal in germany , pushing them back to e.g. 
  austria would . 
  but you can simply force them to give fingerprints . 
  it 's not unprecedented to do that to people you ca n't identify otherwise . 
  in fact , it 's pretty common all over the world . 
  it 's less about the job itself and more about what i have access to . 
  in order to do my job i need physical access to safety-critical soft - and hardware . 
  to get that access biometric identification is required . 
   however , if they come directly from syria or libya via the mediterranean sea , there 's no way around giving them asylum . 
  well , you ca n't automatically deny them asylum or refugee status but that does n't mean you have to grant it to them automatically either . 
  a lot of them might end up getting refugee status , but actual asylum is still a relatively rare thing . 
  if i tell me boss `` i am human . 
  no fingerprints . 
  respect my rights ! '', 
  he will simply fire me cos my damn job demands that i give fingerprints . 
  so , what i am trying to say here is : why treat refugees differently ? 
  eu laws demand that they give fingerprints , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  the same way they did it before schengen and dublin . 
  both austria and germany have a very well organized military and police force . 
  they both are perfectly capable of re-establishing border controls and sending every refugee back to the eu country he or she comes from before they enter austria or germany . 
  will this be costly ? 
  of course . 
  but , in the long run , it will come cheaper than letting everyone in . 
  and , even more important , if the rest of europe does n't step up , does n't do its duty , then german and austrian politicians can no longer afford to ignore existing treaties .
