  that 's special treatment . 
  i would be with you on this one if what they ask of immigrants would be unusual . 
  something most people would never do . 
  however , what they want is simply that immigrants - get a job that pays well enough to make a living - have a home - speak the local language - have lived in the country long enough to understand where they bring their family to no matter how you spin it , this is definitively not too much to ask before you grant someone the privilege to bring their family into the country even though they do n't fulfil the normal immigration requirements . 
  no , not at all . 
  they are just saying there is no special treatment any more for people that want to move to finland cos they already have family there . 
  family reunification is still a thing and very much achievable . 
  which is a problem exactly why again ? 
  - if you are a normal immigrant you can prepare and learn the local language in advance - if you are a refugee you should n't want to stay in a country where you mostly likely wo n't get work and ca n't communicate with the local residents to begin with people that are actually serious about integration wo n't be affected by this at all . 
  true , but why should that concern politicians ? 
  let 's say you are that uneducated person from africa , then what the heck are you doing in a high tech first world nation like sweden to begin with ? 
  chances of you getting a job there are pretty slim . 
  so go an pick a eu member where jobs for unqualified workers are still offered . 
  great for ireland . 
  still sad that same-sex marriage is still not a thing here in germany . 
  maybe next year . 
  as far as i can see it the only thing that would work against isis is a scorched ground approach were the nato engages in a full on war against any state currently even partially occupied by isis . 
  and i just do n't see that happen . 
  yes . 
  and the middle ground also does n't use the attacks on paris as an excuse because ... well see my posting . 
   op you do n't now what you are talking about . 
  you do n't know how many plots were foiled so far . 
  cos nobody knows . 
  and that 's part of the problem . 
  if you want to justify these programs you have to release detailed information on how often the data gathered was used ( per year ) and how many terrorists where identified and stopped that way ( per year ) . 
  no government so far has provided hard data to justify mass surveillance . 
  there is a discussion about refugees going on , but most people treat the current incident as what it is : a statistical anomaly . 
  the eu has accepted way over a million refugees from so-called `` terrorist countries '' this year and so far only one of them committed an act of terror . 
  there is no way you can make the `` refugees are terrorist '' argument without being laughed of the political stage . 
  more and more germans disagree with the current `` you are welcome , no matter what '' policy . 
  and , just like with sweden , this will have to stop soon . 
  and yes , the attacks on paris surely add fuel to that discussion , but most people are smart enough not to use them as the basis for an bogus argument . 
  that 's not how it works . 
   `` does germany have the right to put the security of other nations in danger ? '', 
   `` is germany putting the security of other nations in danger ? '', 
  so , where again is the problem ? 
  there is but there is n't . 
  free speech exists , but , as every other base right , there are also exceptions . 
  there are only a few of them and they are very specific ( like holocaust denial ) but they exist . 
  / edit oh you might also find it interesting that the women in question is n't your typical old lady . 
  she is a know agitator publicly `` fighting the holocaust lie '' for years know . 
  this is not a situation where someone saying the wrong thing ends up in prison . 
  she has been warned multiple times . 
  you do realise that romania was just used as an example . 
  right ? 
  dah ... sry , my bad . 
  i am ashamed of myself . 
  i wo n't do it again . 
   i love how you 're constantly suggesting that all migrants should be shoved into eastern eu . 
  just no . 
  i love how you are constantly suggesting that i am suggesting that . 
   we do n't want them , we have no obligation towards them . 
  close the borders , or take them yourself , those are your options . 
  the eu wo n't close its borders , that just wo n't happen . 
  sweden basically already closed its borders and germany and austria might if the crises is not tackled by the eu as whole soon . 
  so , where do you guess would all these refugees end up after that happens ? 
   it 's exactly how it works . 
  we have obligation to grant asylum to those who reach us as the `` first safe country '' . 
  which is exactly 0 people , since the migrants face no physical harm in turkey . 
  except turkey is not a safe country ( anymore ) . 
   that is a bizarre statement . 
  because some eu member states are not as affluent as germany , they should take more refugees because they do n't require high skilled workers ?? 
  you really think that a syrian refugee would have easier time integrating into say romanian labour market than to the german one ? 
  yes and no . 
  rich countries can pay for refugees more easily than poor ones . 
  so , to stick with your example , paying for everything 1kk refugees need ( housing , food , health care , education , ... ) is way easier for germany than it is for romania . 
  having a lot of money is germany 's strength while being rather poor is romania 's weakness ( in this example ) . 
  however , germany also has some weaknesses . 
  first of all , living expenses are rather high here , twice as high as in romania iirc . 
  as a result harbouring a refugee in germany is twice as expensive as it would be in romania . 
  so , if we see the refugee crises as a team effort it would be better , financially speaking , to harbour as many refugees in romania instead of germany . 
  if you want so , having high living expenses is germany 's weakness here while having low living expenses is romania 's strength . 
  germany also has basically no demand for low - or unskilled workers . 
  having only a secondary school leaving certificate puts you at a serious disadvantage on the german job market . 
  heck , you almost need a a level degree just to fix cars . 
  and it 's not getting better , every year more jobs fall victim to automation and certificates of proficiency are required for even the most basic tasks . 
  as far as i know it 's not as bad in romania . 
  and that 's why refugees , which mostly only have a secondary modern school qualification or less should have it easier on the rumanian job market than on the german one . 
  i am not saying that all refugees should be harboured in romania , that would be insane , we have to stick to reasonable numbers here . 
  what i am saying is that the eu has to deal with this crisis as a team . 
  and if we do that , countries like germany should pay for everything ( housing , food , health care , education , labour and constructions costs , ... ) while countries like romania should harbour refugees . 
  an added bonus could be that jobs are created in countries like romania ( call it refugee industry if you wish ) and paid for by countries like germany . 
   there will be some 10-30k trapped in eu countries on the route , but we can deal with that . 
  what we can not deal is the several millions that will come in the next 12 months if we do n't close the borders . 
  it 's true that the eu does n't have unlimited capacity , but that does n't mean we ca n't deal with a couple million refugees if we get our shit together . 
  no doubt , if every country tries to solve this crisis on its own we will fail miserably . 
  but if we use the synergies we have ( some countries are rich , in others we have cheap labour and low living expenses ) the eu can not only deal with this crises but maybe even benefit a little . 
   false . 
  no eu country is the first safe country for any of these refugees , therefore we have absolutely no obligation to take a single one . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the eu grants asylum as well as refugee status to those who reach it ( if certain conditions are met ) . 
  refugees , in theory , have to stay in the first eu country they reach , but they are allowed to stay after they got here ( and receive asylum , refugee status or something along these lines ) . 
  where do you think would those refuges go if e.g. 
  germany closes its borders ? 
  they wo n't just go away but probably get stuck those poorer member nations at the eu border . 
  dublin wo n't solve our problems . 
  and the eu simply ca n't close its borders completely . 
  there is no legal way to keep refuges out . 
  this is not really a step in the right direction , it 's just not a step in the wrong direction . 
  the eu has to deal with refuges , not every single nation on its own .
