  let 's take the default example of a woman walking home through a dark park late at night being attacked . 
  walking alone through a dark park at night does n't justify the attack , it does n't mean that the victim is solely responsible to what happened to her . 
  but it sure as hell is a bad idea . 
  yes , in a ideal world women should be able to walk through dark parks at night without being attacked , but we do n't live in such a world . 
  we live in this one , and here such things happens and everybody knows that they do . 
  in our world , if you do n't want to risk becoming a victim you sometimes have to make the smart/careful decision . 
  so , telling women not to walk alone through dark parks at night is not victim blaming . 
  it 's just informing them about the risks of doing so . 
  and the same happened here after the nye attacks . 
   while practical tips to stay safe are indeed not victim blaming , there is definitely a line where a persons individual freedom and security should be guaranteed by the police and not their own ` street smarts ' . 
  true , but there is another line . 
  unless you live in a police state where everyone is under surveillance all the time ( which probably none of us wants ) total security is an illusion . 
  in the eu , the usa , australia , canada and so on most people are not protected directly by the police for the majority of their life . 
  all of us , no matter who we are , have to acknowledge that bad things can happen to us and that there probably is nobody around to protect us if they do . 
  but that 's not at all what happened . 
  it 's amazing how this stuff gets twisted all the time to create the biggest possible outrage . 
  what actually happened was that , during a press conference about the assault , some asked the specific question what women could do to minimize the risk of being attacked . 
  as an answer to that question senior mayor reker pointed to an already existing catalogue of tips for young women on how to minimize the risk of being sexually assaulted/harassed/exploited that would be updated according to the current events . 
  among others , that catalogue contains the suggestion to stay , if possible , always at least an arms length away from people you do n't know . 
  also , it is only victim blaming if you say `` you became a victim because you did/didn ' t do x '' . 
  simply pointing out that there is a risk of becoming a victim and that certain behaviour can reduce that risk is not . 
  do women ( and men ) get sexually harassed during big-scale events and celebrations by german-born men ? 
  yes . 
  are women usually singled out , surrounded and attacked by multiple people in public in an basically organised manner ? 
  hell no !, 
  there is absolutely no victim blaming going on here . 
  people really need to get their shit together . 
   italy has a trade surplus of 2.6 . 
  my bad , i meant a trade surplus that is considered too high . 
  importing stuff means not buying local stuff , which , in turn , means we need less local workforce to produce good we can neither sell locally ( cos we import stuff ) nor export ( cos we want to reduce our trade surplus ) . 
  less local workforce means more unemployment which reduces the overall living standards . 
  there is a difference between `` only rich nations '' and `` only nation on roughly the same economic level '' . 
   your premises are wrong about this one , yes having too much dept is wrong and should n't be allowed . 
  my point is that having too much debt in fact is n't allowed but the rule currently is n't really enforced . 
  countries can control how much debt they have just like germany can control its trade surplus . 
  in this case , both germany and italy are equally guilty of violating eu rules and both can change that on their own . 
  the process of doing so however might not be painless and cos further troubles . 
  if italy wants to reduce its debt for example they have to cut spendings , which will probably result in lower living standards . 
  and if germany wants to reduce its trade surplus it has to reduce its economic growth , which also affects living standards . 
  in theory every eu member should follow the rules , but in praxis many do n't . 
  the problem is , different nations violate different rules and point fingers at other nations violating other rules . 
  germany 's trade surplus is too big , but it follows the maastricht criteria . 
  italy does n't have a a trade surplus but violates the maastricht criteria . 
  i am not saying one is worse than the other . 
  but if you ( finally ) agree to enforce the rules we should enforce all of them . 
   why does this have anything to do with the discussion here , we are talking about attitudes . 
  no , we are not . 
  we are talking about eu laws and guidelines not applying to everyone equally . 
  some members get away with having way to much debt , others with having too much trade surplus . 
  that 's the reason why we are in the current mess . 
  we created rules and then did n't enforce them . 
  and when we try to nations can point fingers at other nations that do n't have to follow the same rules cos ... well , nobody knows . 
  as for our [ german ] attitude : i agree with you that merkel currently acts as if she owns the eu . 
  however , i ca n't really say that i am not with her on this one . 
  but we have a saying here `` wer zahlt , schafft an ! '', 
  `` he who pays the piper calls the tune !, 
  '' ] , and there is a lot of truth to it . 
  germany is the biggest net contributor in the eu , over 22 % of the eu 's budget comes from germany , that 's 6 % - points more then the second biggest net contributor ( france ) . 
  this does n't give us the right to decide everything on our own , but it sure as hell means that , when it comes to how that money is spend , germany 's opinion has to be more important than that of non-net contributors . 
  in addition to that germany is , with over 80kk citizens , also the biggest nation in the eu . 
  in that regard , what germany wants has to be almost 15 times as important as what slovakia wants cos germany represents 15 times as much people as slovakia does ( just an example ) . 
  nobody can expect germany to step down , to let other , smaller nations that contribute way less to the eu decide its course . 
  the eu is not a children 's sandbox , it will never be . 
  decisions are primarily made by the big nations ( germany , france , great britain , ... ) and merkel currently happens to be the voice of these nations . 
  i do n't think he really is deflecting . 
  if the argument here is `` rules should apply to everyone '' than `` rules should apply to everyone '' . 
  however , in the eu rules do n't apply to everyone , sometimes they apply to no one at all . 
  the maastricht debt criteria are a good example for that . 
   germany yells austerity non-stop while having an illegal trade surplus that hurts the eastern and southern europeans , who they are forcing austerity upon , the most . 
  true , but at the same point basically irrelevant given that eu also has n't sanctioned members like greece which had way too much debt over decades . 
  if we are hones , economic rules in the eu are basically just guidelines that nobody really enforces until something blows up . 
   in all other union countries , money is moved from one region to another to ensure everyone is equal except in the eu . 
  but the eu is not like `` all other union countries '' . 
  we made the mistake to include nations that clearly were n't on the same economic level as the core members . 
  in order to e.g. 
  `` make slovakia and germany equal '' we would have to move so much money that living standards in germany would drop massively . 
  and that 's just not justifiable . 
  given the huge economic differences i agree that the poorer countries probably should leave the eu . 
  synchronizing the economy of richer nations like great britain , france , germany , austria , finland , sweden and so on could work cos they operate on a similar power level . 
  but as soon as you add poorer nations into the mix things will go south . 
  i agree with you that france is the most powerful military force in the eu , with gb being a close second ( for now , they might overtake you soon ) . 
  however , when it comes to `` being rich '' , depending on how you define it , france is well behind gb and germany or , if you break it down on a per citizen level , does n't even make it into the top 10 . 
  `` powerful '' is also only true if you mean it in a strictly military sense . 
  when it comes to political power we germans currently dictate what 's going on . 
  `` mutti merkel '' currently owns the eu . 
  let 's see how long it will last . 
  the eu is about combining our strengths to compensate for our weaknesses ( and political dick-measuring , let 's not forget that ) . 
  for us germans that means we benefit greatly from e.g. 
  the france military power cos , let 's face it , our bundeswehr is not up to snuff . 
  we have no real combat experience and half of our equipment does n't work . 
  and we compensate for that by being the biggest net contributor ( 30 % more than france , more than twice as much as gb ) . 
  i do n't like most of what they stand for either . 
  they are way to close to the church , the religious bullshit they call arguments pisses me off sometimes and forward thinking is something they only apply to concepts they are comfortable with . 
  but i still vote for them , every time . 
  a vote for the csu in bavaria means a vote against democracy . 
  technically not a good slogan but , on the other hand , exactly the thing we need right now . 
  we are experiencing crises after crisis , which means we have to adapt faster if we want so survive . 
  and that 's not something democracies are good at , not at all . 
  democracies are good if you want to keep the status quo . 
  but if changes have to be made , you need people in charge that do n't need to worry about being elected again in a couple of years .
