  less and less people germans believe in merkel 's `` we can do it '' attitude and they start to demand changes . 
  it 's the same in austria , french , sweden ( !!! ), 
  and so on . 
   austria and germany are simply in state of panic because they fucked up and they are looking for some idiot to share their burden with . 
  they are trying to use eu position to force other nations to do something they do n't want to do . 
  here you are clearly wrong . 
  yes , germany and austria bit off more than they can chew and they have to change their policies . 
  but they do n't have to use their eu position to force other nations to accept refugees . 
  they can simply close their border , and , if nothing changes , they will do so sooner then later . 
  something else to consider is that the amount of money austria and germany pay in will be reduced noticeably if they keep letting in refugees . 
  refugees cost money , and having less money means having to contribute less . 
  and if net contributors like germany and austria contribute less ee countries will get less . 
   this guy normally does n't have the skill to wipe his own ass . 
  yes , but he is definitively stupid enough to come up with some bullshit like that on his own . 
  he does n't need merkel 's help for that . 
  well , no surprise there . 
  i am a bavarian , so when i speak in my real native tongue , they either know exactly what language i am speaking or they have no clue at all . 
  why exactly ? 
  based on what i can find on the internet - despite what the article linked here claims there was no penetration - the potential victim did n't have any injuries that would usually be caused by forced sex or rape - the accused did n't confess but told a maybe strange but possible story - there is no objective proof that anyone got raped that night so , even though we might find that the `` i tripped ... '' story sounds more than a little bit strange , there is nothing a court could base a conviction upon . 
  sounds way more outrageous than it actually is . 
  the court has to proof that the accused actually raped someone , that accused does n't have to proof he did n't . 
  so , yes , the story sounds shaky , but since there apparently were no witnesses besides the potential victim and the accused says he did n't do anything wrong i really ca n't see how any court could convict him of rape given that there is no objective proof for it . 
  / edit also : why is this the only article about this incident that speaks about penetration ? 
  all other sources i found do n't mention that at all . 
  for each individual nation the information has value . 
  now certain countries know that their whole political landscape is offset to far to the left . 
  but , to be fair , that 's old news for them . 
  for europe as a whole the information , as provided by the article , is utterly useless . 
  yes , we know that the youth in austria , germany and france vote , based on the respective political landscape , right . 
  but hey , german right is closer to the french middle than austrian right . 
  and , again , compared to the us right neither german nor austrian or french `` far right '' deservers to be called `` far right '' . 
  yes , that 's why the statement is pointless . 
  the german far right e.g. 
  is still left of the us middle . 
  far right means something completely different in each country . 
  so unless you provide on objective , which the article did n't do , you do n't now how far right `` far right '' actually is . 
  it 's all relative . 
  `` left '' in the us e.g. 
  is basically the same as `` right '' in germany . 
  so , it really does n't say much . 
  i do n't know where to find an accurate english translation , but you should be able to get the general idea from the [ wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung ) too . 
   germany is welcoming tyranny by embracing this nonsense !, 
  what right does the state have to determine what speech is permissible and what is n't ? 
  it in fact has the right to ban hate speech . 
  that 's not what people are upset about here . 
  however , the fact that they try to encourage social media to delete what `` may or may not be '' hate speech before they even go to court is something else . 
   is liberty to die in germany on the altar of hurt feelings ? 
  if germans care so little for liberty and their god-given rights to free expression , then they are getting exactly the government they deserve . 
  this actually has nothing to do with free expression or free speech at all . 
  a company like e.g. 
  facebook could delete what it deems hate speech based on householder 's rights . 
  in fact , they could delete whatever they want just cos they feel like it . 
  they absolutely have the right to do that . 
   it 's starting to feel a little like i am talking to a wall . 
  person a lives in finland . 
  scenario 1 : person a is unemployed and ca n't maintain an income to support a family ; person a does n't get to bring in their family . 
  scenario 2 : person b has a job and can maintain an income , person b 's family can join them . 
  person b 's family already meet the requirements necessary to reside with their family member , nothing special here . 
  requiring language proficiency and minimum duration is less than pointless . 
  so do i. 
  family reunification itself is the special treatment . 
  cos it allows people , the family of person c to move to country x even if they do n't fulfil the requirements to apply for citizenship or residency . 
  let 's say the requirements for residency in x are - speak the local language - have a job person c fulfils these requirements , applies for residency and moves to x. 
  now , he wants to bring his family ( person d and e ) . 
  neither d nor e have to speak the local language nor do they have to have a job cos they are c 's family . 
  in comparison to another person f that does n't have a family member already living in x they receive special treatment . 
   no , it 's not . 
  as long as there is another means of communication , a proficiency in a language that a person is not planning to use for the long term is not required . 
  the requirement is primarily economic for that particular person , if they need it , they will learn it . 
  putting it into such a legal cover is just ... uncool and unnecessary . 
  here we fundamentally disagree . 
  simple example : the police wants to talk to you but you do n't speak the local language . 
  this causes major issues , especially when the only language you speak is rather uncommon . 
  heck , as long as you just want to live in country x to work their you might not need to speak the local language . 
  however , the moment you bring your family with you you are no longer in that country just for work . 
  the centre of your life is now there , even if you do n't apply for citizenship . 
  heck , you children will probably grow up there , go to school their , fall in love their . 
  it really is n't too much to ask to learn the local language if you make such a commitment to a place . 
   asylum and refugee status are the same thing did n't know that . 
  here in germany they are slightly different . 
   what you 're explaining is not special treatment , it 's called grounds for residence . 
  if i live in finland - or the us , or germany , or the moon , i am entitled to have my family live with me based on that ground alone . 
  by applying for family reunification , they are following the process , not bypassing it . 
  yes , and that process itself is the special treatment . 
  the fact that they are your family means that they have it easier to get to the moon . 
  but it 's not only about seeking residence , it 's also about seeking special treatment for your family so that they do n't have to meet the regular requirements for residency . 
  i agree with you that having to live in a country for a few years is probably something you should be able to circumvent if you ticked every other box . 
  the local language however should n't even be up for discussion . 
  it has nothing to do with seeking nationality , it 's pretty much a basic requirement to interact with the society and/or the authorities . 
  but you do n't need a `` well paying '' job , all you need is one that keeps you ( and your family ) above the poverty level . 
  i mean , 2600 $ net per month is really no much for a family with two kids ( example from the article ) . 
  that 's absolutely doable if either a ) you and your spouse both have a job or b ) at least one of you has something better than an unqualified job . 
  your family would also not have to sit in a dodgy refugee camp in turkey for a few years till you meet the requirements for the family reunification special treatment . 
  they can come to finland the same way you did . 
  they can apply for refugee status , seek asylum or get citizenship the normal way . 
  it 's not `` house '' it 's `` home '' . 
  the applicant simply would have to proof that he has a place to live in finland . 
  that he is not homeless . 
  and otherwise the family would have to apply for asylum , refugee status or citizenship . 
  family reunification allows someone that made it to a certain country to get his family there without them having to jump through the same hoops as he did .
