  probably because of this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wehrmacht#/media/file:balkenkreuz.svg, 
  they also did n't participate in the latvian bailout . 
  they are n't in the eu and did n't pay any money toward the latvian bailout . 
  hah , to be honest i pay $ 50 ( 45 $ ) a month to comcast for a 24 megabit connection . 
  so it is almost as bad as we make it sound :(, 
  actually its a commission report , not a latvian one . 
  probably because the article title is written like this, 
  that is a useless comparison . 
  the numbers are probably pretty close if you look at the axis and the allies , but comparing the allies to just the nazis is misleading . 
  a more useful comparison might be america and the uk vs. the nazis , and the nazis killed way more . 
  what does a european know about comcast ... ? 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/assistance_eu_ms/latvia/index_en.htm, 
  not quite , you just only receive money for a set period of time . 
  in some cases it can be extended though . 
  only strategic censorship ( things like military plans ) is really necessary during war . 
  maybe because we actually value freedom and democracy , and are willing to make sacrifices to protect our friends ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that unemployed people are treated better in the eu than in the us , and in the us there is temporary unemployment insurance ( so you still receive money for several weeks after losing a job ) , and if your income is low enough ( which it usually is if you are unemployed ) you can get food stamps , which is basically money from the government that can only be used to purchase food . 
  so there is no jail or fines , and you do n't have to starve . 
  i think that it is even better in the eu , but i do n't know for sure . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it varies by country though . 
  us politicians do n't talk about it , and neither does the american media . 
  i just checked google news , and there were no american news sources on the first three pages ( i did n't go any further ) . 
  are there problems with it other than isds ( which i think is great when dealing with countries that do n't have decent justice systems , but obviously that does n't apply to the eu ) ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  i hope that that policy is abandoned . 
  also , where did you get that letter ? 
  i do n't see it on the senate committee on foreign relations website , though there are lots of things that are n't on that website . 
  to be clear , he is a billionaires , he does have a private army , and he is ( or at least recently was ) in a dispute with the government . 
  his private army , however , is not actually fighting the government . 
  in the us during the financial crisis first we extended unemployment benefits , which did boost productivity , reduce the rate at which employment was falling , and help the general economy . 
  what is most interesting , though , is that when we later cut unemployment benefits , we saw the same improvements as when they were initially extended , and the improvements were largest in those places which saw the biggest fall in benefits . 
  all of that does make sense , in a way . 
  first people needed to be provided with an opportunity to get back on their feet and given a chance to seek their preferred jobs , then those that remained needed to be forced to take whatever jobs were available in order to reduce the outstanding labor supply . 
  once the outstanding labor supply is reduced , wages should star to grow , and they did . 
  fox and cnn are not state owned . 
  in fact , fox spends most of its time attacking the us government . 
  hey , that 's stealing germany 's strategy !, 
  i did n't know that your holiness was a redditor, 
  you are right that the good things do n't negate the bad things , though i personally think they outweigh them ( though not by nearly enough ) . 
  but that is n't really important here . 
  basically , those who come to see the us military convoy tend to appreciate the protection and security that the us offers . 
  those who do n't like the presence of the us forces either protested or stayed away . 
  i do n't particularly love our foreign policy either , so i know you do n't have to hate or even dislike america to dislike our foreign policy . 
  think about it this way : these troops are not fighting in some foreign war , not invading another country , nor toppling any kind of government in a coup . 
  they are n't spying or torturing people . 
  they are moving through nato countries , improving the morale of some people who really need it , and demonstrating our commitment to defending our allies . 
  this is actually one of the most positive things that the us has done foreign policy-wise in a while . 
  i think it is a kind of emotional affection . 
  we have given many countries in europe , especially those that were part of the soviet sphere of influence , a level of security they have never before enjoyed . 
  it is one of the few unambiguously good things that the us has done . 
  when you look at it from a global level , the us is indeed merely the lesser evil . 
  but from the perspective of those who the us protects , those for whom joining nato meant that they were finally * safe * from foreign aggression , those global actions are n't what they are celebrating . 
  they are celebrating what the us has given * them * , and those american vehicles and soldiers represent that . 
  yes , but then the world wars happened . 
  i 'm not a libertarian , but i 'm pretty sure that their argument is that regulations are unnecessary because the market will self-regulate and that the main role of the state in the economy should be enforcing contracts . 
  so even they basically say that capitalism requires law and order in order to function . 
  * anarcho-capitalists * do seem to believe that capitalism can create its own law and order , but i do n't think that they are close to mainstream anywhere . 
  he does n't sound quite right in the head . 
  it is capitalistic , but capitalism require law and order to actually work . 
  is this satire ? 
  it has to be , right ? 
  i think that usually we ( in the us at least ) use soviet and russian interchangeably for describing the red army during the war . 
  so when we make that distinction about fighting nazis , etc. 
  we are saying that is was n't * only * russians , despite the words we usually use . 
  unfortunately we do n't really put the same emphasis on the distinction in the case of the atrocities . 
  so while in our history books and classrooms the actual meaning is pretty clear ( so russian is understood to mean all the nationalities of the ussr ) , the distinction gets lost in public discussion . 
  you have a good point , and thanks for pointing it out ; i had n't really noticed that before . 
  arbeitssicherheit means workplace safety , and verorderung means regulation . 
  we 're also propping them up . 
  we 've provided $ 4 billion , in addition to helping pressure the imf into providing $ 17 billion . 
  but none of the money we have lent ukraine and none of the money the eu has lent ukraine has actually come from taxpayers . 
  it could very well end up costing taxpayers money if ukraine ends up getting a haircut on its debt ( which it probably will ) , but it wo n't cost anywhere near the full amount . 
  basically this is power projection through loan guarantees , and the eu having more influence in ukraine is good for the us , eu , and ordinary ukrainians . 
  whether it is worth it is of course totally subjective at the moment , and only in the future will we know whether it was actually worth it . 
  i , for one , think that for the us at least it is worth it because trying to encourage democracy is the kind of foreign aid that reflects the values that we like to believe that our country stands for . 
  i do n't know about whether it can be viewed in a similar way in the eu , though . 
  ultimately it is an investment in the people of ukraine , and they will be the ones who determine if the loans were worth it . 
  not really . 
  ukraine has n't reasonably been able to borrow for months . 
  the imf , us , and eu have been providing and guaranteeing loans , so ukraine 's credit rating is n't really all that important . 
  we have a football team ? ^ ( okay , i actually knew that ), 
  good . 
  the agreements on reforms should help as well . 
  the economist has said that the role of germany in europe is similar to the role of the us in the world . 
  powerful and influential , often used as a scapegoat , but by no means omnipotent . 
  and i 'm being offered a * special deal * of 24 ( yes , twenty-four ) mbps ( yes , megabits ) for the low low price of $ 40/month . 
  okay , will do . 
  thanks !, 
  to be clear , congress had already granted the president that authority last year , and the house is urging him to use it . 
  i really want us to do this . 
  well , we are , but * very * slowly ( at this rate it 'll take decades before much progress and centuries before even nominal equality ) . 
  wow . 
  that is powerful and chilling . 
  wow, 
  can spaghetti melt steel beams ? 
  the us wo n't invade iran unless it actually attacks israel or something . 
  the democrats wo n't because doing so would be very unpopular with their voters , and the republicans wo n't because then they would no longer be able to use iran as a threat to fire up their base , and as soon as they actually invaded iran would change from winning them votes to losing them votes . 
  of course , if i 'm wrong about that , then i hope no one else gets involved . 
  training troops is military involvement , not military intervention . 
  there is a difference , and it is an important one .
