  i think its okay to support the eu 's wishes over those of ukraine because the eu is an ally and ukraine is not . 
  i 've said this repeatedly , but ** many eu countries are our allies ; russia and ukraine are not . 
  ** that is why it is okay for the eu ( which contains and represents many of our allies in the region ) can * influence * our actions toward ukraine , and russia ca n't again : ** this is a double standard . 
  that is okay . 
  countries do things for their allies that they would n't do for any country that is n't their ally . 
  the eu is our ally in many areas . 
  its totally fine if that affects our foreign policy , especially toward a country that is a prospective member . 
  russia is not our ally , so its desires are far less important to us . 
  ** if the us troops in ukraine get attacked , that would mean that the front has moved far to the west , and the fact that us soldiers were attacked would probably be the least of our problems . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
   so you think the us needs to be the one providing military assistance to prospective eu members ? 
  where did i say anything about the us becoming military involved in ukraine or anywhere else ? 
   so we need to ignore what the ukrainians want for what the eu wants ? 
  basically yes , so long as we can help the ukrainians in other ways , and we have been . 
   you just got done with a spiel about how we need to respect the wishes of sovereign nations . 
  no i did not . 
  i said that training ukrainian troops was a sign we were treating them as an independent state * rather than as some kind of russian protectorate . 
  * i also said that we should not let * russia 's * opinion dictate our actions toward any sovereign state other than russia itself . 
  i said nothing about respecting the wishes of other sovereign states over the wishes of our allies . 
   the ukrainians want american weapons . 
  and they can have the weapons , as soon as the eu says it is okay . 
  ukraine is n't really even our ally , though it may become one in the future . 
   why are you okay with the us putting its reputation and potentially its soldiers ' lives on the line for the interests of the eu ? 
  where did i say that i was ? 
  at any rate , i 'm not okay with that directly , but if it is a side effect of protecting a nato member , then so be it . 
  because ukraine wants to join the eu , and the eu can do far more to hurt russia and help ukraine than we can . 
  that is basically a double standard , but it is justified by the fact that many eu countries are our allies while russia is not . 
  i doubt that the eu was not consulted , and they have asked us not to provide weapons , and we have n't . 
  at the same time , we should not let russia 's opinions dictate our actions toward any sovereign state other than russia itself . 
  its an alliteration . 
  i do n't think we should be directly involved , but training ukrainian forces is a welcome signal that w are respecting ukraine as an independent state and not as some kind of russian protectorate . 
  when it comes to actual intervention , we should just do whatever the eu says , since ukraine is their issue , not ours . 
  i got close to the same results you did on google.de . 
  good . 
  its about time . 
  this is hilarious . 
  not really , but it is slower than germany 's gdp growth . 
  but it also massively raises the price for things mainly the rich buy , so it does n't help them as much as it may appear . 
  at least that is what happened in the us . 
  actually there are core services that run even during a shutdown ( and this applies to both state and federal governments ) , and no state has gone bankrupt that i am aware of . 
  they are untrustworthy in different ways . 
  breitbart and theblaze twist true things out of all recognition ( as does the dailykos , but that is the extent of my knowledge of left-wing journals in the us ) , while the daily mail often makes things up ( ask british people for more info ) . 
  other than that i agree with what you said , they are not in the same category as those you listed . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are actually a lot of false claims , but you 'd have to ask a brit to be sure . 
  and once again dutch provides a clear path between english and german words . 
  full text : russian president vladimir putin was last seen in public on march 5 , and in russia there are increased fears he is the victim of an attempted coup by security organizations and the russian army . 
  israel 's former ambassador to russia , zvi magen , told haaretz he believes `` there are many signs of a coup . 
  the movement of the army around the kremlin indicates that there is a change in government , or that an attempt at a change in government is being carried out . '' magen believes those responsible for the potential coup are `` branches or factions in the army who are working together or against one another , or wealthy businessmen , many of whom worked in these organizations . 
  they could only be people who are free to walk around the corridors of the kremlin . '' he says possible reasons include the ongoing sanctions imposed by the west on those close to the kremlin , sanctions `` that harm them personally . 
  i do n't believe there 's a controversy there surrounding policy . 
  they 're protecting their own interests . '' political commentators believe possible reasons for the ostensible coup are the severe deterioration in the economic situation in russia , in light of plummeting world oil prices and the west 's sanctions , and fears from heads of the security services that putin is pushing the west too far with his provocations , including threats to use nuclear weapons and the manner in which a leading member of the opposition , boris nemtsov , was murdered last month . 
  its from a supreme court ruling , so it applies anywhere that the us constitution applies . 
  there are still defamation laws , libel , etc. , and in many cases lying can end up breaking other laws so it is n't as bad as it sounds , but lying itself is not a crime . 
  it means that you ca n't win a lawsuit against any news organization in a us court just by saying that they were lying . 
  you might be able to win in a french court , but then you 'd need to find a way to collect the judgement , and if the company has no assets outside the us ... 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 've always described myself as a liberal and i live in a fairly liberal part of the us , so it does n't really serve as an insult where i am . 
  it is definitely used as an insult by right-wing media , but i 've never actually heard of someone i 'd consider a liberal being offended at being called one . 
  well yeah . 
  american politics are much further right than european politics . 
  as an american i 'm pretty far left-liberal , but if i were european i 'd probably be centre-right . 
  this just in : nato has become so powerful that it can occupy itself . 
  haha . 
  no , they 're far left !, 
  / s ( actually breitbart is not really very far beyond centre-right , which is kind of depressing to think about . ), 
  not if she sues in the us she wo n't , since news organizations here have no legal obligation to tell the truth . 
  amusingly , in the us the economist is often considered left-wing . 
  i absolutely agree , but op asked what biases the sources have . 
  the new york times is a liberal mirror of the wall street journal . 
  it is generally very good , but its commentary has a liberal bias . 
  as for biases - the wsj is good at separating its news from its commentary . 
  it has an ( american ) conservative bias , but in the new sections it is very slight . 
  its commentary , however , should be avoided and resembles a more extreme version of fox news . 
  overall , though , the wsj is very good . 
  the economist has pro-democracy , pro-western , and pro-free-market biases . 
  it makes no attempt to hide those biases . 
  interestingly , to americans it often looks like a center-left newspaper and to europeans ( or so i 'm told ) it often looks like a center-right newspaper . 
  overall the commentary is fantastic , though . 
  i misread a portion of the article and took it to mean intergovernmental spying . 
  upon rereading it is clearly talking about mass surveillance . 
  that is a very different matter , i do n't think mass surveillance is ever acceptable , and i loathe the nsa . 
  i apologize for the misunderstanding . 
  otherwise i generally agree with most of what you said . 
  it does n't actually * build * trust . 
  it does , however , mean that you do n't have to worry about another country doing something that could harm you behind your back , and also means that you do n't have to be suspicious that the are doing something like that . 
  it means that at any given moment they can `` trust '' each other , though trust probably is n't the right word . 
  its more like , `` we would know if you were lying , you would know if we were lying , you know that we would know , and we know that you would know , so we do n't have to worry about your intentions and can believe that you are acting in good faith . '', 
  you are definitely right that that sounds a lot like an abusive relationship , but i think that that is one of the main differences between relationships between countries and relationships between individuals . 
  when dealing with an individual who is your `` ally '' , you should probably trust them by default . 
  when dealing with a country , you should probably assume that over time that country will act in what its leaders believe are its own best interests , and having some level of certainty that what they believe are their best interests aligns with what your leaders believe are your best interests makes it much easier to believe that both ( or all ) countries in the relationship are acting in good faith and in pursuit of actual common interests . 
  that is just my opinion , and i 'm open to having it challenged . 
  additionally , i 'm not sure whether any of it even really applies within the eu ; i think it applies between the us and germany , but that it would be very silly to view the relationship between new york and texas in the same way . 
  ** edit : i misread part of the article and took it to mean * inter-governmental * spying . 
  upon re-reading the article , it is quite clear that it is talking about mass surveillance . 
  that is a very different issue , and i completely oppose mass surveillance and locate the nsa . 
  i do n't know how i made that mistake , but the above is * only * about inter-governmental spying , not about any kind of mass surveillance . 
  a certain amount of spying on your allies is actually extremely beneficial , because , assuming they are also spying on you ( which is a pretty safe assumption ) , it ensures that you can trust each other . 
  ** edit : this comment is incorrect with regard to the article , which i misread . 
  i meant that intergovernmental spying among allies can be okay to an extent . 
  upon rereading the article it is clearly talking about mass surveillance , and that is a totally different matter and never acceptable .
