  and what including these countries in nato offer the us , if it is accepted that the idea to seek membership was their own ? 
  they are dependable allies , useful partners in diplomacy , and so long as they 're in nato they wo n't fight each other ; stability in europe is very valuable to the us . 
  since what we give in exchange is a guarantee to be involved in a war that would almost certainly involve us regardless , its a pretty good deal - for everyone . 
  we have n't `` moved nato to the border of russia '' . 
  countries apply to join nato of their own free will . 
  for many post-communist countries joining the eu and nato were their only major foreign policy goals for more than a decade . 
  * their * goals , not ours . 
  we are , of course , happy to have them , since they have been loyal allies , but they joined nato because they wanted to join nato , not because we were trying to back russia into a corner . 
  correct . 
  that 's why my state abolished the death penalty in 1911 . 
  in the us the federal government does n't really have authority over the death penalty , so it would take a federal constitutional amendment or supreme court ruling to abolish the death penalty nationwide . 
  i do n't speak swedish so my ability to do research about this is limited , but this is what i found : http://www.rationalskepticism.org/news-politics/swedish-law-to-criminalize-any-criticism-of-immigration-t47131-20.html . 
  it says that the law only makes it easier for targets of hate speech or defamation to have tone perpetrator prosecuted . 
  one of the least densely populated . 
  the dakotas are both less densely populated , as are wyoming and montana . 
  and alaska is the least densely populated by far . 
  i think you 're right , but there is actually another rather important difference that neither americans nor europeans think about : if i say that i am german , polish , and russian , no american will take that to mean anything other than that i have recent ancestors from those places . 
  they might expect that i am interested in visiting some of those places , but they will not expect me to know the language , culture , or really anything else about those places . 
  if i say that i am german-american in the context of `` are you part of some census group ? 
  '' , then it means the same as just claiming to be `` german and < something else  '' or '' < some fraction  german '' , but if i said it to actually describe myself in the first place then it would be considered a claim to be connected to one of the german-american cultures . 
  if , on the other hand , i said that i was german and did not qualify that statement in any way , then that would mean the same thing as it does in europe ( i. e. that i am from germany ^ ( 1 ) ) . 
  ^ 1 i am not actually from germany , nor am i german-american ; if an american asked i would say i 'm german , russian , polish , and greek , but if a european asked i 'd say that i am american . 
  in english the full name of what americans call soccer is `` association football ' . 
  the name `` soccer '' was developed at oxford by adding an - er to `` assoc '' . 
  `` american football '' , on the other hand , is part of the `` gridiron '' family of football games , which is related to rugby football . 
  basically the short term `` football '' always refers to the most popular version of the much larger family of football games that is most popular within a given country . 
  association football , gridiron football , and rugby football are all part of that family of games . 
  ** tl ; dr : the british came up with the word `` soccer '' and gave american football the name `` football '' . 
  so its their fault . 
  do you regulate fun , enjoy regulating , or are you a fun person who also happens to be a regulator ? 
  relevant , i think : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/340bkw/unctad_isds_report_2013/, 
  its a very convenient name , because we need to remember it in our history classes . 
  because while the candidates ( at least here ) really play up their differences on big federal issues and many values issues , they tend to have a lot in common due to the importance of local issues . 
  now that i think about it again , though , i think you 're right . 
  if there were enough seats per district , someone who you completely disagree with on everything could get elected . 
  however , so long as there are districts ( at least here ) , the vast majority of seats will go to people who you share some local interests with . 
  basically this is really hard to think about , because i 'm trying to apply single-seat-per-district logic to a totally different situation and obviously that does n't work at all . 
  so let me rephrase that : it would be extremely unlikely for a significant percentage of seats allocated to your district to go to people with whom you disagree on every issue , so long as local issues are still important in the elections . 
  one question : what is your country 's average mp-to-population ratio ? 
  in the us there is on average one congressperson for every 733k people . 
  i 'm wondering if congress would need to be bigger to make proportional representation work well . 
  in the us at least , and i 'd imagine its pretty much the same in the uk , there are many `` minor '' ( minor nationally , but a big deal in those places they impact ) issues on which congresspersons ' positions are determined more by where they 're from than by their party . 
  for example , california representatives want to protect silicon valley , maine representatives want it to be as easy as possible to sell lobster , and there are many other examples . 
  also , no matter which party they belong to , they will usually try to get federal money spent in their districts . 
  also , if a big company is causing you a lot of problems , sending a letter to your congressperson ( and sending letters to local newspapers telling them that you sent a letter to your congressperson ) can be very helpful in getting things fixed . 
  so while the system is unfair and pretty messed up , they are still your representative on many issues . 
  if the person who gets elected actually does stand against everything you believe in , then that 's different , but in that case it is extremely unlike that you 'd agree on much with anyone who could possibly win an election in your district under pretty much any system . 
   in 1990 , just before comecon collapsed , polish gdp per capita was 8 % higher than in ukraine . 
  5 years later it was almost 4 times ~ ~ higher ~ ~ ** as high ** . 
  wow . 
   it 's been going on for so long now i 'm jealous that you can say that . 
  the 2016 presidential campaign has already started here . 
  oecd link confirming this : http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs, 
  # as of 2013 * 15 % of all isds cases globally have involved an investor from one eu member state challenging a measure in another eu member state * 22 % of disputes have been filed by american investors * 53 % of disputes have been filed by eu investors ( excluding intra-eu disputes this becomes 38 % ) # in 2013 * 57 disputes were filed * of those 57 cases , 6 were initiated by us investors and 43 were initiated by eu investors ^ ( as you can see , isds is all about big american companies forcing other countries to change their laws / s ), 
  wow . 
  and here i thought you meant in different sessions ... 
  does belgium have to do that for all treaties ? 
  damn it . 
  i get a tenth of that speed at my school and its still four times as fast as what i pay $ 50/month for at home . 
   white , christian , and not slavic more accurate, 
  this horse mean apparently was illegal because it was `` unfit for human consumption , '' according to the article . 
  do non-refugee immigrants not currently have to work in denmark ? 
   implying that the moon is n't a death laser space station, 
  where are you getting # 198,000 ? 
  i 'm seeing : * base salary = $ 8,020.53 / mo before tax , which comes out to $ 6,250.37 after eu tax and before any extra national tax ( the national tax amount is reduced by up to the eu tax amount ) * general allowance : $ 4,299 / mo , can in practice be used as extra salary due to lax reporting requirements , but when comparing mep salaries to national mps , you also need to count the national mps general allowance . 
  this excluded the staffing allowance , which is separate and can not be counted as extra salary . 
  * daily allowance : $ 304 , meant to cover rent , food , etc. 
  should be counted as part of salary unless national mps receive something similar . 
  received for each day the mep shows up when the parliament is in session . 
  the parliament does not meet all year , but it meets a different number of days each year . 
  i guess your figure probably counts this 365 times , which would explain the discrepancy . 
  on the other hand , there is a major problem with your numbers : you 've taken the lowest possible interpretation of uk mp salaries and the highest for mep salaries . 
  since uk mps get all of their expenses paid in addition to their salaries , you should compare the base salaries of meps to uk mps : $ 96,246.36 ( # 69,187 ) # 67,060 . 
  so meps actually only get 3 % more . 
  mep salary info : http://en.euabc.com/word/814 uk mp salary info : http://www.parliament.uk/about/mps-and-lords/members/pay-mps/, 
  how about extended military and police support of democratic governments ? 
  so what ? 
  all the gun lobby cares about is , `` see , someone got hurt by something other than a gun !, 
  therefore there should be more guns around , because then a good guy with a gun can stop this kind of thing ! '', 
  please be aware that the us gun lobby turned the newton school shooting into a call to allow more guns in schools . 
  the us gun lobby is n't going to care that more people would have been killed if he 'd had a gun . 
  they will just say , `` see ? 
  gun control does n't work , because people got shot even where it is very difficult to find guns ! '', 
  basically , any time there is an attack in a school that does n't involve a gun , the nra starts trying to make it easier for people to bring guns into schools . 
  the problem is that the us really does n't trade much with russia in the first place , and even financial sanctions would n't have much effect because russians trade in london much more than new york . 
  the eu can actually do economic damage ; the us can only some inconveniences . 
  oh god . 
  the us gun lobby is probably going to use this to argue for even less gun control around schools . 
  edit : if you think that that is unlikely , please be aware that the us gun lobby turned the newton school shooting into a call to allow more guns in schools . 
  i 'll bet we could come up with one even worse if we really tried . 
  how about logarithmic temperatures ? 
  you seem to be basically correct , though austerity could have helped exports somewhat by keeping wages lower than they would have been otherwise . 
  in ireland 's case , since the structural factors that austerity is supposed to try to impose where already present , austerity has probably hurt growth . 
  of course , since the structural factors were already present , ireland escaped the economic shock of having them imposed , so that may be a mitigating factor . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i doubt that any final deal would allow in any low quality products that are n't already allowed though , but of course i do n't know yet . 
  its actually kind of interesting how the only trade deal we hear about in most of the us media is tpp , which the american public treats like europeans treat ttip , and for most of the same reasons . 
  that is why there are basically no american objections to ttip : the media never talk about it here , so hardly anyone is aware that it is even being negotiated . 
  that is n't racist , and is true . 
  the difference this time is that republicans in congress need to get democrats to vote for the trade deal , and the eu will want environmental standards .
