that 's got to sting, 
  or even english videos made by germans with german subtitles , to help us learn german . 
  he became ceo in 2007 . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_winterkorn the epa says the vehicles affected were 2009 through 2015 models . 
  the situation is different in that vw deliberately and intentionally lied to the authorities by acting , while gm misled the authorities and caused deaths by failing to act . 
  there would be a lot of people going to jail if gm had deliberately created software for the sole purpose of causing car crashed and installed it in their cars . 
  also , the current gm leadership was not in charge when most ( or all ? ), 
  or the deaths occurred , while the vw deception began under its current ceo . 
  i do n't see that said anywhere in the article . 
  why would the us be opposed to that ? 
  the us only ever loses in domestic court , so it already has to pay when it loses . 
  how do you make that last a whole week ?!, 
  california actually did the same thing and is similarly restricted from printing paper money . 
  the process goes : 1 . 
  decide to use efsm 2 . 
  find a way to do that while guaranteeing the uk against any risk 3 . 
  get whatever authorization is needed 4 . 
  use the efsm the british media started talking about how the uk was being forced to contribute at step 1 . 
  according the reuters , the uk treasury said that the commission is proposing ways to exclude the uk from any risk . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/15/eurozone-greece-latest-idusl8n0zr0tg20150715 according to reuters , the uk treasury said that the commission is proposing plans to completely exclude the uk from any risk . 
  does that sound like treating the uk badly ? 
  seriously - the british media went crazy as soon as they heard that the efsm could be used . 
  the idea that maybe the commission might actually keep their promise was discounted in favor of using outrage to sell papers . 
  how is it designed into the euro any more than us$ ? 
  us states ca n't declare bankruptcy or inflate away their debts either , and that has been the case for more than 200 years . 
  it has n't caused a problem yet . 
  the federal government wo n't bail out puerto rico . 
  what is far more likely is that puerto rico will be allowed to declare its government corporations ( which are where most of its debt is ) bankrupt in the same way a state would be allowed to . 
  i think this is a bad idea . 
  countries near combat areas , while technically safe , would be completely overwhelmed with refugees . 
  jordan hosts more than 800k refugees ; turkey hosts more than 1.6 million ; lebanon hosts more than 1.4 million . 
  these countries are safe , but are running out of room . 
  imagine that a civil war broke out in russia and a million or more refugees streamed across the finnish border . 
  under your proposed rule ( and indeed under current eu rules ) , finland would have to take them all rather than spreading them around europe . 
  hah , that sounds rather menacing . 
  this is n't about nations . 
  this is about groups that are losing the `` culture wars '' in the us trying to maintain power by exporting their ideologies abroad . 
  the us federal government is currently in favor of same-sex marriage . 
  the supreme court will probably either actually of effectively legalize it nation-wide in june . 
  it is legal in 35 states , effectively legal in one other , and two others have bizarre situations . 
  in total , more than 70 % of the us population lives in states where same-sex marriage is legally recognized . 
  the human rights act is about the echr , not the eu . 
  brussels has nothing to do with it ... edit : also , the human rights act does n't create those rights . 
  it just allows uk courts to enforce them , rather than making people go to the echr in strasbourg . 
  well , it would require a constitutional amendment . 
  which requires a two-thirds majority in both the house and the senate , then the approval by either the legislatures or specially elected conventions ( congress decides at the time it approves an amendment ) in three-fourths of the states . 
  so it probably wo n't happen for a long , long time . 
  a federal law might be able to accomplish something similar though . 
  hmm ... 
  what we really need to do is apply the 4th , 5th , and 8th amendments to the actions of us government agencies anywhere in the world . 
  i actually like this idea , but for it to work we need drones with precision guided bullets ( which we apparently recently finished developing ) rather than missiles . 
  if you want to know the real reason that the us has so many crazy policies like drone strikes and the ( now ended ) torture affair , its because we usually stop crazy policies through judicial review , but the constitution only applies within the united states . 
  the european commission has said that education wo n't be included , and even if they were the ones who wanted to include it there is no way that the current congress would be willing to give * europeans * influence on our education system . 
  til that the usa is socialist . 
  it is really important that ttip is done right , because it will set the global standard for future trade deals . 
  this appears to include several steps in the right direction . 
  * would * be a lot happier, 
  the government has special permission to have unpaid interns . 
  nope , not a chance . 
  however , if the government said that it would release files in , say , a few days to a week , then congress would probably be willing to wait . 
  but ultimately it would all be settled by lawsuits , unless the supreme court decided that it was an entirely political issue , in which case it would be settled by attempted impeachment . 
  since i do n't think you guys settle most things by lawsuits the way we do , i do n't know how different that would make things . 
  you already are free to buy those goods . 
  also goods made by sweatshops in east asia . 
  not to mention that apparently tpp , tsa , or any of the dozens of other trade agreements that the eu is currently negotiating , all of which include isds , apparently pass unnoticed . 
   zaldostanov told russian tv the bikers would not give up . 
  `` if the nightwolves are prevented from going overland , they will simply take to the skies with their motorbikes , '' he said . 
  its not about us interests . 
  think of it this way : she decides to release the list . 
  she can either ask ( while implying that she will release it anyway ) first or not . 
  if she does , and the us says its okay , then she has avoided any diplomatic problems that releasing it could cause . 
  if the us says no , then she releases it and the us at least appreciates the warning . 
  on the other hand , if she releases the list without asking , then that would probably cause a diplomatic incident . 
  since in this scenario she has already decided to release the list , then it is n't really even asking for permission - its just letting the us know ( which she would probably do anyway ) and giving the us a chance to smooth over any diplomatic problems before they happen . 
  on the other hand , she could be intending to respect a `` no '' , answer , and that would be really , really annoying ( not a strong enough word ) . 
  well of course she 'll ask first . 
  if the us says yes then she avoids an unnecessary diplomatic incident ( and i * really * hope the us says yes ) . 
  she would ask even if she had already decided to release the list no matter what the us said . 
  also indian and central asian , apparently . 
  why is newfoundland purple ? 
  yes , but only under rather strict conditions . 
  and those conditions are enforced in the american way \u2122 : lawsuits . 
  also , if it is n't an unpaid internship , then the intern has to paid at least the minimum wage . 
  those are n't regular police . 
  they are part of a swat team . 
  the regular police do n't wear cameo , swat teams do . 
  here 's the plan : congress approves an interstate compact on eu membership , then we merge the compact with the eu so that all of our states join independently . 
  that way we have 50 votes in the council !, 
  it was the symbol of the ottoman empire , and other muslim states adopted it . 
  it is a pre-islamic turkish symbol iirc . 
  would you consider it okay for estonia to accept a small number of refugees ( between 50 and 100 , perhaps ) if someone else , such as the uk , paid for all costs associated with it ? 
  that 's what they 've been doing . 
  lebanon has almost 1.2 million syrian refugees , turkey has 1.73 million , jordan has 628 thousand , even iraq has 246 thousand . 
  how much independent power do the republics in the russian federation actually have ? 
  maybe she is trying to set the stage so that if all else fails and greece would miss one of the interest payments , them germany can cover it ( either through a grant or loan ) as `` repayment '' in a bilateral deal ? 
  if the amount was n't very large , that could be a temporary way out for everyone involved . 
  i do n't really know , of course . 
  why did they want to join nato ? 
  because they were afraid of russia !, 
  the problem with your view - and this seems to be one of the major differences between pro-western and anti-western worldviews - is that you allow small countries no independent agency . 
  everything must be because of the us , eu , russia , china , or maybe the uk , germany , or france .
