  crackers cracks down on the grammar nazis , just ignore him, 
  everyone who wants to retain a professional relation , duh, 
  it certainly is neither perfectly consequent nor consistent . 
  it is there and not always obvious . 
  how is that not underlying ? 
  todays problem is that greece can not devaluate it 's currency to meet it 's lower productivity and that is mainly a problem for greece but a boon for germany . 
  that 's completely different from basically counterfeiting currency which is a problem for the issuer of real currency . 
  ... as though they were led by an invisible hand edit : as ppl downvote , that 's what smith says the invisible hand does - make acts have a societal effect neither intended nor noticed by the individual acting on the market, 
  where does it come from , anyway ? 
  my little sister has started calling me that recently . 
  everything east of kreuzberg is poland . 
  you might refer to someone as * der kerl * but you would n't call someone a kerl in a dialogue , unless jokingly as * teufelskerl * , a hell of a guy , but that os falling out of use . 
  honda sounds female because of the - a , same goes for die cola ( different in switzerland , i heard ) but all motorr\u00e4der are referred to as female , die kawasaki , die schwalbe . 
  most have unique names so they ca n't be grammatically regular . 
  it 's language , it does n't make sense in all cases but there is an underlying logic . 
  latin is the reason why i understand half of the info on boxes but can not utter even a single sentence in italian, 
  in that case it 's completely beyond me what you could possibly mean by the turkish population being ` completely mixed ' . 
  there are very obiously strong forces of concentration and people of foreign decent are evidently not evenly spread out in the city . 
  https://s08i.imgup.net/gruppenbilb14f.png lila is  50 % deutsche, 
  are you from berlin ? 
   so when was the last time you concsiously thought about how to use it ? 
  whenever in doubt . 
  those who feel the most confident often are the less competent . 
  it 's a struggle but it makes perfect sense unless your language lacks most grammatical concepts like english . 
  it really is the odd one out having no casus , genus and only artefacts of pronouns or something comparable . 
   wo n't find a chinatown or little italy anywhere in germany berlin has the second largest turkish population globally much of which concentrates in a few districts . 
  how is that highly effective ? 
  could be worse , but that 's about it . 
   there is no , atleast no effective , policy, 
  pls quote . 
  when i read it , the article only said , that communal policies would lile to antisegregationist . 
  i argued , that there is no effective policy in place . 
  nope , i 'm with you . 
  should have answered to your immediate parent but have a thick thumb . 
  it 's bs that schools do * not * care , as kubelecer put forth . 
  on the other hand he is from poland and who knows . 
  i was repeatedly ` prosecuted ' for arguing too much with other students as a form of bullying . 
  i 'd assume most schools care a lot but some few are swimming through such an ocean of shit that they have less sensitivities . 
  also people who still get support because their wages are below poverty line , those who are deemed unemployable , those who do n't find more work than for only a few hours a week and unemployed people who are currently sick ... what a great number edit : plus those who do n't even bother to register because they are not eligible and those punished for not putting up with silly , useless , exploitative 1 $ jobs, 
  so , eurostat and the us are worse , ok . how does that help ? 
  as always , the political frontiers make it impossible to actually work on solving a problem . 
  my beloved left will scream racism , because some who applaude in fact are racists and the right has an allergy against treating people like , well , people so their way only alienates even more . 
  anti-segregation policy ? 
  seriously ? 
  architecture student here and no , there is no , atleast no effective , policy of such kind , as much as i wish there was . 
  spandau and charlottenburg have major russian communities that only recently got out of the spotlight . 
  would be interesting to know which method was uses . 
  as pointed out the german government pretty much does n't count most cases . 
  we really defy stereotype there, 
  i do n't think totalitarianism is into choices, 
  there is not even one * uniform * culture , that is right . 
  now watch some slovenian tele and report back . 
  that 's the thing , yes , all the germans are different , but they are germans . 
  we here have much in common with polish and that is only natural . 
  still , and in spite of blood lines , i am german . 
  a brandenburger one . 
  and you are an austrian one . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  just to get that straight : you do your thing , that 's your business . 
  nobody is going to annex you anymore or tell you what to do . 
  does n't change how closely related we are . 
  no , it 's exactly not about blood . 
  otherwise berliners would be 10 % german at most . 
  why is berlin german nonetheless ? 
  because it developed as a part of germany as cultural and political space . 
  i do n't even no what ideology you are trolling for ?!, 
  what is the matter with you , it 's like chinese arguing not actually being asian . 
  dude , austria was the first and foremost german land for centuries , i do n't even know how to break it to you but your kings automatically became emperors of the roman empire of german nations for a couple of hundred years and later presided the german federation . 
  it is not that austria belongs to germany . 
  brd and austria both just happen to be german countries . 
  they do n't need to or even should be united for that to even hold true . 
  germany has existed for a millennium now , it is a coherent cultural region . 
  the fact that no state called itself deutschland does not change that . 
   before that we were bavarian . 
  after that austrian . 
  both of which happen to be germans ... 
  the erdogang does n't . 
  step 4 is profit, 
  wow , the 1968 mexican ones are great . 
  the korean 1988 ones though seem to be pandas, 
  austria : unordered , in need of guidance , unfit.for governance germany : ready to come to your rescue, 
  ah , bs , real art has to.do with making sense of the chaos , with finding order . 
  also there is a very distinct prussian tradition in the liberal arts that is still held in high esteem . 
  see schinkel for example, 
  tbf cambodians had the worst genocide in history ( per capita ) relatively recently . 
  otherwise they really are freaking nice people . 
  i thought so but there 's so much room for idiocy . 
  it 's like immigration statistics . 
  if illegal immigration is , well , illegal , they are all criminals technically . 
  well , about mongolians ... they conquered towns first . 
  i do n't think eg hungary or say romania are overly generous on welfare issues , in general . 
  like the jenische in switzerland do ... get rvs and hit it off ? 
  veeery carefully . 
  is the frt something like swat ? 
  what about people falsely identified as terrorists ? 
  they do n't come back after being shot to kill . 
  also what exactly is support ? 
  we should be very precise in this matter otherwise we end up becoming turkey under erdogan, 
  the hre had something to it in that respect . 
  it was a great umbrella for all kinds of different systems that constantly changed yet it worked for a thousand years .
