  should n't be more than a couple hundred $ for the letterbox company . 
  that 's what i think it is , too . 
  did n't bother to read anything on the site , just googled ethiopean jesus and was intrigued . 
  ask op, 
  himself , you say ? 
  if no person is involved , is it actually rape ? 
  time to post post on twoxchromosomes , i guess thats / s , just to be clear on that . 
  with you guys , one never knows edit2 : / s seems to be broken, 
  kidnapping a chick to force her to engage in zoophilia is distasteful, 
  and black americans do n't even acknowledge the irish having had the cutting edge in getting-enslaved-technology / s, 
  there 's nothing new under the sun . 
  the only difference being the , i think , rather arrogant notion of centrists of the last three decades to somehow be driven by nothing but reason while everyone else is just irresponsible . 
  but then again the ancient greeks and romans already had that , too . 
  that 's the point , democratic used to be derogatory , also : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/populist_party_ ( united_states , _ 1984 ) and https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/populist_party_ ( uk ), 
  every culture paints people in their own image if the individual look was unknown by the artist - it should n't be too hard to find a mongolian looking jesus or ethiopean looking roman emperor edit : [ this ] ( http://mattstone.blogs.com/.a/6a00d8341bffb053ef01a73d77b427970d-300wi ) does n't exactly prove my point but nice image, 
  one could argue that they are not as integrated with the netherlands as guyana is with france . 
  other than that i share your sentiment , netherlands antilles best antilles, 
   c. ireland benefitted from the british empire absolutely , they won so much , they got tired of winning . 
   so you 're saying [ ... ] because that is what op said no ? 
  because i am not op . 
  i was saying that your claim is either irrelevant - as german history naturally only happened to germany - or false . 
  it 's a beautiful island . 
  also , the smallest island in the world to be shared by two states , france and netherlands, 
  there are a few eu territories in and around the carribean . 
  we could right now go to the airport , fly to st.martin and start a new life there without even having to exchange currency . 
  funfact : populism means today exactly what democrat meant 200 years ago . 
  it basically was a slur that became so popular that movements adopted it . 
  unless you take hitler as generic dictator and holocaust as generic genocide in which case it has happened quite regularly, 
  tremendous numbers . 
  i say sth like that often enough and let me assure you , it 's never to trivialize anything , the poor kid was fucking murdered . 
  too often , though , someone comes around with the * we 're at war ! / we need to change everything ! / this is the greatest danger ever !!!!, 
  ! 111eleven * bullshit and then , unfortunately , it is about statistics . 
  because none of it is true . 
  and atleast in germany they are called populists regularly, 
  do n't be that guy, 
  wanted to argue but ... uhm ... no , you 're right with that, 
  she hates the foreigner 's freedoms !, 
   and if i did , as a leftist i 'd evaluate taz better . 
  your argument * is * my argument . 
  you say : if i had political affiliation i would see the newspaper that aligns with my views as less biased . 
  thing is , you do have one . 
  whether you perceive your opinion to be an opinion or ` just ' an informed view . 
  engage with arguments and give yours , otherwise trolling is what it is, 
  but in the color of your hair ? 
  it 's your political stance that makes you view it that way . 
  kinda ... by definition , now go troll somewhere else, 
  no , because you did n't . 
  you said  i think taz is much more biased than faz . 
  and that is only your opinion , seemingly because their agenda seems like no agenda to you, 
  as does the faz . 
  you thinking theor opinion is n't one but an obvious truth is because you share it . 
  hint : many people do not . 
  simply not true , populism is a term of the left , then become about the left and only then became a general insult . 
  only the way we did it , all people who really fucked up have no issues but the general greek population is completely doomed . 
  at the same time the german government took all risk from the banks and put it on the german taxpayers . 
  in the end all the people are screwed while all the decision makers have accumulated extreme wealth . 
  as a german i do n't see the slightest reason to think that greece was treated fairly . 
  to fend off the muslims ? 
  drink wine from the skulls of slain enemies and copy manuscripts by hand ? 
  i 'd like that, 
  norway and switzerland are neighbours who stick to the terms we have with them . 
  uk was partying hard with us the whole night but now that we need to clean the place up the brits suddenly have a * reeeeeally important meeting * . 
  that 's fine , just do n't expect to get invited anymore, 
  thats not belgophobe , that 's belgofun !, 
  that 's why we should kill the eu quick and clean and found a new one . 
  every gradual change will be resisted by someone but if we manage to draft a fundamentally better , more efficient and !, 
  more democratic system , i imagine france , benelux , germany , austria , denmark and maybe italy immediately getting onboard a much tighter union . 
  let 's face it , western europeans distrust eastern and southern europeans and vice versa but those countries mentioned have much more in common , are all good with each other and want to go the same way . 
  we could call it the charlemaignean union . 
  never mind me , juuuust a german passing through here ... 
  scrap the parliament , lay off the officials and set fire to the universities !, 
  i want this guy to run things from now on . 
  let me rephrase that , it obviously is a problem , otherwise we would see a rise in productivity . 
  now that does n't happen and the existing cross-border investment is obviously not enough to make it happen . 
  that 's why they need to devaluate and * then * use foreign investment . 
  there is not much else to do , wages and other income have imploded and the government does not have the means to demand enough to provide an impetus . 
  they simply ca n't become more efficient by spending less , it 's all gone already . 
  it obviously is a problem , otherwise germans would invest heavily in greece right now . 
  now that is both true and an empty statement . 
  if wages rise faster than productivity then you are obviously right where you started . 
  if you do n't devaluate in the first place you will have a huge trade deficit and thus lack of capital to invest in order to raise productivity . 
  hm it seems * konsequent * does n't translate very well into english . 
  take it as consistent and uniform . 
  and that 's my point , obviously there is not one single idea behind it all , but there is logic to having certain genera athough it might be a different idea behind different groups of nouns . 
  although noone can convincingly tell you why all motorcycles are female , they are and that 's the logic behind * die honda * . 
  there are other types of things that follow a different idea but - the underlying logic is that a class of things or abstract concepts has a certain shared quality , in that case a gender . 
  sp\u00e4ti and g\u00f6rli are a leftist thing , like kapuzi und spucki but this whole brudi thing is absolutely new to me . 
  other than from my sister this thread was the first instance of me hearing about it . 
  i mean we tried but it was the heyday of anglosaxon liberal thought , so bam !, 
  revolution !, 
  and there we go , no more kings . 
  we do n't , re not ally . 
  seriously though , these verbs are more like two words . 
  three generations of my forefathers would rotate in their graves if they saw what the spd has become ... 
  i think they all speak continental in some shape or form . 
  we only wanted to be more like you !, 
  ( that really is a subconscious theme in german politics and you lads do n't appreciate it at all ), 
  great explanation but as a german i prefer to see them as germans in disguise . 
  we wuz kingz !, 
  you mean r-kansas ?
