  why do i have a feeling you are not actually israeli ? 
  thank god we do n't do th ... never mind . 
  i * do * have a pitchfork , you know ? 
  stalinist architecture ( and only architecture ) for the win !, 
    some germans see themselves as long-suffering philanthropists who 've bailed out the lazy people of southern europe repeatedly . 
   ahh , at least we 've stopped pretending this was going to be a fair and balanced article . 
  they got a point , though . 
  that 's exactly the beat most german media have breen drumming for years now . 
  they threw it out the window . 
  so i guess that , no , they did n't plan on selling it to a collector . 
  what are you saying , commoner ? 
  this is hardly the time nor the place for you to speak . 
  better get going lest we restore public order all the way back to the headquarters ... 
  possibly . 
  my memories of that stuff are overcooked grandma dishes anyway . 
  kurt kiesinger would be a prime example . 
  they said exactly the same thing . 
  nervosity was the medical fashion . 
  ha , i 'd love that to be true but there have been some good phases in public buildings . 
  wrong name 2 . 
  you got the wrong guy . 
  you 're also wrong about prussian architecture , it was cheap * and * beautiful . 
  it was n't only ww1 , it started in bulgaria and only ( kinda ) ended in korea and it was one big fucking mess . 
  or unfettered capitalism . 
  tbf the germans underestimated the germans . 
  they planned to wrestle down france within 2 years , not 2 months . 
  basically the nazis had the luckiest military in the world , nobody expected everything to work even close to that well . 
  he is right though in the sense that there was an immense pride , despite the critics . 
  uhm ... no !, 
  not at all . 
  those houses are not so much the better part of town but rather the nice outside of all encompassing blocks . 
  it 's a peculiarity of berlin that the poor would live in the backs and the upper storeys of the same buildings as the wealthy . 
  indeed that 's a deliberate feat from hobrecht 's city extensenion plans . 
  it 's the conservative take on social inclusion and was meant to contrast the developing structures of paris and london . 
  the rest is true though . 
  my grand father still had to cross two courts to take a dump when he was young . 
  those blocks are not communist , the west has the same . 
  it 's a failed dogmatic modernism . 
  this is such a complex topic and i could write volumes about it but to shorten it : it was an awful society which did some things much better then we did , not because we are unable but because our arts tried and still try to distance themselves from that society and it 's symbols . 
  unfortunately we also distanced ourselves from what they did right . 
  1913-1953 really . 
  well besides phones and the internet there is little to daily life now that was n't around in some form back then . 
  yeah ... ` misinformation ' . 
  * dials up rt *  bald condor , this is misses m . we got a trouble maker at our hands , do you copy ? 
  oooh uncle ben 's ? 
  i never liked that . 
  but then i 'm more of a korean rice kinda guy . 
  or generally fingers that are not from fish . 
  yep !, 
  croatia is the pearl of the adria , as people repeatedly told me . 
  well of course . 
  my point was that living in csl ( czs ? ), 
  allowed them to be even crazier * because * they did n't feel the effects of the policies . 
  inside germany the nazis never got legitimate majority . 
  the cb was running out . 
  probably from the olden austro-hungarian days i would assume . 
  bad , baaad leftist . 
  now sit . 
  the train is coming for you . 
  it 's not my merit that my gramps left me money so what are you talking about ? 
  are they though ? 
  one could argue that they are so frustrated with their lack of actual opportunities that they are willing to get beat up for better ones . 
  it 's neither healthy nor helping but that 's what it amounts to . 
  the left has been pro globalization as long as it existed . 
  you know , giving international corp supremacy over people is not globalization , it 's just a big money coup . 
  free trade of goods can be good if all parties regulate how those goods arr produced . 
  the real dangerous thing is capital flows both for trade balances and our ability to legislate as democracies . 
  weird thing to say for a canadian . 
  your und my country have experienced an extreme lift in living standards by heavily regulating capitalism . 
  countries with unfettered capitalism have at the same time become shitholes like most of central america . 
  it 's also dangerous , as the history of the 20th century would tell you . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  if a german could be a communist after the kpd was outlawed , surely one could also be.a nationalsozialist after the nsdap outlawed ... since those are ideologies . 
  they did n't disappear because their former parties were dissolved . 
  here in the west the state was huge in economic terms in the 50ies and 60ies and i assume that to have been the case in romania . 
  small state ideology has proven more costly actually . 
  also there 's no way the needs of government branches have increased as % of gdp but even if - why not save ? 
  crime is actually way down ( not sure about former socialist countries here ) , we do n't need police panzers . 
  and yes to that last paragraph . 
  in order to achieve that we need to fight inequality , it 's a heavy burden on the economy . 
  right . 
  i love the fact we have a union but yeah , it needs serious reform . 
  inequality decreases productivity and general wealth plus i do n't say redestribute all wealth but also get back to the higher income tax levels . 
  we would be very capable of supporting 3 or 4 people for every worker right now . 
  yes . 
  but the eu has been reworked to become a vehicle and a tool of said agenda since 1970 . 
  we had the solution , we can do it again !, 
  well , this time without pope and kaiser , just * structurally * . 
  or ... oooor ... no , better not mention how taxes for corporations and high incomes have steadily been competed down thanks to the eus neoliberal agenda . 
  that would be crazy talk !, 
  and that 's why nationalism is a dangerous fucking ideology . 
  people rarely acknowledge how peaceful the reich ( hre ) as a federal system was in terms of ethnicity . 
  incidentally i think that 's also the right way forward for europe . 
  if we build one state in the modern way there will always be unrest not only but especially because germans would always dominate it with their sheer size . 
  tbf voting for an opposition party feels very different from experiencing what that party 's ideology actually leads to when in power . 
  you know how many people support the craziest shit until they have to go through it themselves . 
  being citizens of a democractic country probably made them even more oblivious . 
  can confirm , grew up with a shitxemination shelf . 
  still i 'm glad i have a more discreet kind of toilet now . 
  one is not like the others ...
