  it eventually came down and for many reasons we should learn from . 
  as much as it pains me to say , that involves an integrated centralized military . 
  state or region based militaries lead to infighting or atleast apathy in the face of aggression against single members . 
  what is the argument here ? 
  he is one of + people in general + , is n't he ? 
  that . 
  here the right always went like ` we do n't address it because this is not an immigration country ' and the left responded with ` do n't talk too much of problems , that 's `` water on thr racist 's mills '' ' nothing ever came out of it, 
  thing is if we would cross fund , everyone would be up in arms but if we did n't , that would incentivice migration and everyone would be up in arms, 
  now you got me ... what do you mean by european hc ? 
  is there an actual union sponsored system or are you saying hcss in europe are good on average ? 
  never knew bulgaria had it so good . 
  the germam hcs is very good but unsustainably expensive because the best paid professions all dropped out along the way . 
  same with pensions . 
  that stuff needs fixing, 
  there are no front lines , these are criminal acts carried out inside our cities because of tensions inside our cities . 
   your so called `` loss of rights '' , i do n't know what you are even refering to , but are as good as nothing when you are dead by the next atack . 
  so let 's limit horsepower on cars , make vaccines mandatory and get our health care systems straight . 
  that way we 'd really save some lives, 
  probably never . 
  honestly , if it was up to me , we 'd integrate as a federal state yesterday but there are several issues : - i love the german constitution and i do n't see how today 's political climate would produce something remotely as good if we tried ( a new one would be necessary for real becoming a substate of a superstate ) - nations as the defining parts of the federation might not work , i am more into a europe of regions but no one would dismantle their nations just like that - we carry a lot of problematic baggage from the long evolution of the eu and much of it would have to go - i know many people who would n't for the life of them share one state with many eu members . 
  yeah you know it was good and then they fucked it up . 
  there 's no shame in that , we germans did the same thing . 
  turns out nations not addressing some social problems with pragmatic policies leads to bigger social problems , whou would 've guessed . 
  soon every coffeeshop will serve coffee with sourmilk only . 
  yeah japan really does n't have problems other than politics being deeply interwoven with organized crime and a three decades long economic crisis . 
  basically a paradise ... with the highest suicide rate in the world , but still . 
  no it 's past that time . 
  we have arrived at batshit crazy stuff that you can not practically control , like trucks . 
  upping security does n't cut it anymore . 
  we have to address the underlying causes and that would be segregation , inequality and increasing societal tensions . 
  police and secret services can only do so much . 
  my side . 
  which is the i listened in history class and then kept on reading side . 
  it 's almost extinct . 
  but did you know that things happened in the history ? 
  and scientists actually found out why ? 
  truth of the matter is , a few murderers do n't destabilize countries or lead us into war or read my sexy emails for national security reasons . 
  frightened people do . 
  people who ` woke up ' . 
  i am more concerned about what this world view will lead us to than about murderers with qurans . 
  this . 
  if anything we are doing way too much . 
  i guess u/postislam is pissed about the very notion that government employees and politicians are somehow the only really valuable thing and thus you 'd want to take and put in a safer location . 
  because , you know ... that is what your wallet analogy really is . 
  yeah , problem is , there does n't seem any chargeable crime to have happened . 
  so you kinda are . 
  cuz we no turkey . 
  our judges no likey !, 
  depends on time and place . 
  beards went in and out of fashion to a similar extent as they did in europe during the last centuries . 
  there is a strange narrative suggesting that the whole world has gone crazy ( that is to say , to the left ) but the reality is , that german politicians get attacked for allegedly being so leftist and react with sweeping to the right to appease ever more right leaning voters . 
  so , the impression is false . 
  we come for asserting hegemony and stay for the bigos, 
  exactly . 
  if it 's a crime in the country where you do it , you 're a criminal . 
  right , only it 's not your cash . 
  also , it 's not cash but a person and thirdly we have an arms deal with that person 's friends and our arms tend to work very well . 
  granted you are just mindlessly trolling but if you truly live in turkey , i 'd assume you would prefer * not * having a civil war going on in your country . 
  why throw all the hard earned peace away ? 
  that 's some drone war logic right there ... on an unrelated note , i would stop stealing your cash if you just stopped having some . 
  the constitution does n't say free benefits for all , it says no fucked up poverty . 
  and mind you , it saves us about 90 % violent crime compared to the us . 
  well yes , we , the voters , did . 
  because we do n't want to spend so much on something so utterly useless . 
  nobody gains from arms races , that 's why the last decades have seen major disarmament efforts . 
  unfortunately some very select countries keep unbalancing the game . 
  that is exactly what i meant as well . 
  ` it has always been like that ' https://exarandorum.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/00028340-copy.jpg?w=487, 
  you mean the batavian republic becoming a great power once more ? 
  welcome to the continent , where the sea is undeep and chips are called crisps . 
  forcing the winds to concentrate ( sorry , sorry ), 
  it might act as a counterweight pushing holland up over sea level . 
  the effect would be felt on an ... ahem ... oceanic scale . 
  oh i do . 
  it 's just that nazism is the one single most horrendous thing that ever happened to central europe . 
  it is * not * in the category of harmless opinions for us . 
  nobody cares of nk 's view of the issue . 
  the polish and german view matters here and their view is ` fuck you ' . 
  take a deep breath . 
  hakenkreuz and iron cross are not alike at all . 
  the former one has no other history in germany than nazis , the other one has a 200 year history . 
  actually the king of prussia gave the first one to his wife iirc for her efforts to evacuate civilians from the war zone . 
  that is to say it was n't even a military medal but one of civil courage . 
  the fact that it was later adopted by every single prussian and then german military ever since still does n't make it more of a nazi symbol than tin cans and steel helmets . 
  makes more sense than contemporary english . 
  it was much more like german back in the day . 
  nope , i am saying literally the opposite : i would rather defend fox despite their pact with the devil than tolerate political moralism endangering free media . 
  everything is wrong with fox . 
  i 'm just really weary of what is happening in europe at the moment . 
  in this political climate i would rather defend the idiots than endanger the few reasonable voices left , that is all . 
  it 's incredible how these two have suddenly become best friends after it looked as though they were going to war with each other not that long ago . 
  shot down fighter jet , anyone ? 
  arms deal !, 
  it boggles my mind . 
  that 's a whole different ball game . 
  now we 're discussing not freedom of the press as in having opinions , bias , perspective , but actual lies . 
  and yes , things that are * objectively * lies should not - and to my knowledge are not - protected by the former . 
  what i want us to stay clear of is merely the ` apolitical ' political ` truths ' akp and pis want to see in media making some opinions a crime . 
  because , if you take a look at some commentator 's history , * that * is what they are fighting for . 
  that 's true and actually i do think the \u00d6ffentlich-rechtlichen have gone down the drain quality wise .
