  same in german . 
  my ex found it funny that there was no word like ` gloves ' so we just came up with a pseudo word that * could * be real german : ` st\u00e4uten ' . 
  and while it 's complete nonsense , when she started using it as a substitute for ` handschuhe ' nobody ever questioned her . 
  they just assumed it to be some dialect thing . 
  there is no reason why shoes should n't be called ` fu\u00dfst\u00e4uten ' ( foot gloves ) then and i hope to establish this imaginary word in the future . 
  like english speaking german with sanding paper in their throat even . 
  ah ... oui , i ssink i wuille ` ave ze ... ` ow do you saye ? ... 
  is n't that always the case with expat minorities ? 
  born and raised in west berlin , it 's very common in my family and i know many people who do not use but understand the word . 
  i strongly believe that effective unions are important . 
  everything we hold dear in the workplace , be it safety regulations , maximum work hours or good wages used to be utopian ideas that unions had to fight for . 
  the labor market is not like commodity markets in that it is highly imbalanced almost all the time . 
  not on two largest parties , sadly . 
  atleast they have an actual criminal record now and did not just strike a deal before being convicted . 
  in germany for example you could not . 
  it would be considered an immoral contract and thus invalid even if you sign it voluntarily . 
  the other way around . 
  almost everyone used to be unionized but nowadays the workforces are less and less organized so a minimum wage became necessary . 
  or just geometry . 
  some people simply are nerds , even kings . 
  and that is certainly true for friedrich ii . 
  the uk one looks nice . 
  could you make on with the white in the middle please ? 
  just in case they 're coming back . 
  that looks quite nice . 
  what tree is that left branch from ? 
  because they all met up at the council of zion ... uhm ... 
  i mean mekka and devised a grand strategy how to conquer europe . 
  it 's not just free trade , it 's private courts as it was with ttip . 
  that 'll be two hundred thousand freedoms , please , and would you like a straw with your coke ? 
  sounds about right . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  i see . 
  so the liberal nationalists were communists and the colours of habsburg really are black ** red ** and yellow - learning something new every day , eh ? 
  there is no continuous tradition ( of red in german flags ) . 
  the red comes back into play with liberal and worker uprisings after the french revolution . 
  italia initiated but then germania get 's more into it than expected and becomes rather scary . 
  story of our common history . 
  the colours of the hre are black and gold . 
  red is from the jacobins . 
  i think you and me think of very different industries . 
  i do n't even see what your argument is and an argument for what , anyway ? 
  the comparison was keep $ and pay their debt yay or nay and i fail to see how the drachmea would not have helped all other factors being the same . 
  it does not unless you dismiss the time component . 
  industry goes where they can produce cheaply . 
  and buying parts , adding value to them and selling the product is still perfectly reasonable if the labour cost is lower than in comparable countries . 
  * that * is why devaluating currencies has works . 
  that 's a valid point but you might want to rethink that argument in light of your second paragraph . 
  your point applies to * value-added * exports only . 
  i know that 's heresy but if you control your own currency , there never is a liquidity problem . 
  and if you devaluate that currency enough , exports will rise thus bringinf capital in . 
  elaborate hats are the opposite of practical attire and as always the things least useful at work become the symbols of nobility and those who try to look like it . 
  see also crowns , corsets , togae , high heels and the like . 
  and she even sits on a job that a young english veteran could do !, 
  saxons are taking their jobs !, 
  as a german i got to say : we took up arms , it was neither the uks nor frances fault . 
  [ ww1 is another story though ], 
  fascists love to steal other people 's symbols . 
  obviously nothing would convince you but i 'll bite : right when the crisis hit , they should have defaulted and left the euro . 
  how what ? 
  how an economy crashes ? 
  read the papers , income down , demand down , production down , unemployment , private bankruptcy and emigration way up , that 's how . 
  or are you asking how tsiptas helped that happen ? 
  interesting . 
  that 's all pretty wrong . 
  i happen to experience the actual policies of my government a bit more directly than you and they seem to fit the description reasonably well . 
  also , the eu does regulate a lot of things to an excruciating degree , yes . 
  finance being the obvious exception here . 
  but if i had to guess , you probably would say we never had a financial crisis anyway . 
  time ? 
  untreated injury , if you will . 
  well why does an economy not export with a too expensive currency ? 
  because it ca n't . 
  a currency needs to be priced relative to it 's productivity . 
  it 's the flipside of germany 's high competitiveness as german companies can sell cheaper than they should be able to . 
  this both means that there was an extreme trade imbalance . 
  trade could only be maintained if the greek economy indebted itself . 
  in e.g. 
  germany . 
  guess what happened . 
  well yes , maybe . 
  what people mean nowadays by that term is - economically liberal - trust markets in everything - ignore that markets only work under certain premises and to certain effects - do n't care to control either - whenever there is conflict : pro corporation also , i did not call all people neoliberal , that is just in your head . 
  i said : if one came , germany and the troika would roll out the red carpet . 
  technically very simplistic . 
  yes , it would . 
  now that tsipras helped ruin it completely . 
  some might do , that does n't mean there are none, 
  there is so much wrong with this statement . 
  economically , they were the amateurs , though . 
  the euro was really bad for less productive countries so that would have made sense . 
  it 's macro economics . 
  tbf if a hardcore neoliberal took over greece i can actually see germany suddenly acting much more lenient . 
  texas agrees . 
  it 's a shame that those nordic cross variations have been employed by the far right in recent years and are thus burnt for eu purposes . 
  pretty much , black and white are the colors of house hohenzollern . 
  black , red and gold are supposedly colors of voluntary militia against napoleon and would later become symbols of liberalism , democracy and revolution . 
  everything national since 1848 has featured some combination of black / white / red / gold . 
  that does * not even * have bananas . 
  yeah right because you guys are really good at keeping unions together . 
  it looks very imperial,
