  double win, 
  that 's not quite right . 
  the nazis might appear that way but actually they losened the grip . 
  they were the only combatant nation not having instituted command economy in ww2 . 
  and they did n't do much for lower incomes as they allied themselves to big steel . 
  people bought it nevertheless . 
  our view of the role of the state differs siginificantly . 
  i tend to think the state should institute a balance that everyone can live with . 
  but you 're right , this leads way too far, 
  i mean a solely supply side minded neoliberal for what that term is worth . 
  so , seriously , do you happen to have some articles at hand ? 
  the right to strike is the very core of a civilized labour market as opposed to the early 1800s . 
  especially conservatives that want to * conserve * a status quo have to accept strikes because without them the balance of power keeps changing towards the employer side . 
  of course the so called ` conservatives ' hate strikes . 
  the worst !, 
  happens to me once a year, 
  is he now ? 
  because from all i read he seemed like a well mannered yuppy monetarist . 
  genuinely interested : do who have a source for that ? 
  that would really help my sleep cycle a bit . 
  right ? 
  but that 's not good enough . 
  her ( and both her predecessors ) economic policies are a long term catastrophe and i honestly believe that europe will not recover from neoliberalism and might lose both it 's economical position and democracy . 
  that 's just me , sure , but mark my words : if this goes unchecked we will be much worse off in 2050 than the us is now . 
  wait what ? 
  of course the right thinks what the left ( or what you think the left is ) does is wrong . 
  and vice versa . 
  to the left the right is * clearly * the aggressor . 
  so what should op make of that ? 
  hundreds . 
  pretty much everything is more likely to kill you . 
  either that or fewer records because cuts in public services . 
  yeah well whether he was democratically elected remains to be seen . 
  i am not sure what you are trying to say but let me guess : white genocide ? 
  there used to be a time when that was not enough to get praise but there we go, 
  it used to be a weak point but now that we see how the strong in strong and stable plays out in the uk i 'm kinda glad my government does not have too many convictions . 
  seriously , wtf . 
  gb used to be the moderate country . 
  and that is what no reasonable person would deny . 
  central planning is bs and deep down everybody knows it , even the communists . 
  that does not mean , however , that capitalism is great . 
  yes , markets do work wonders when it comes to allocating non scarce goods , as they should . 
  but that 's it . 
  and now do n't you confuse markets with capitalism . 
  capital will always reduce competition where possible , swallow up rivaling firms and put in place corrupt oligopols , because of course it does - noone wants fierce competition , noone urges to be regulated . 
  the success of the second half of the 20th century is that of the state keeping the capital in check . 
  and we 're slowly undoing all the progress made . 
  i have long been tired of my government but wtf , this woman makes merkel look like a saint in comparison . 
  well , yeah . 
  and that 's the issue . 
  capitalism always pushes to get rid of the rules while they are necessary for it to function . 
  that 's what marxists call the inherent contradiction of capitalism . 
  the truth of the matter is , that corporations do not know what 's good for them or anyone in the long run . 
  they are machines to maximize short term profit and should n't be expected to do anything else . 
  the success we see is the success of the state , the sciences and the ( well regulated ) market . 
  all things capitalism tends to get rid of . 
  yeah . 
  only they did n't say that those rules would stay in place . 
  only that they are necessary . 
  no it was n't . 
  that 's what brought about the euro zone crisis : outcompeting one another with ever lower taxes . 
  as a matter of fact france is pretty much the only country that did everything right in terms of macro economy . 
  it 's only oversized in comparison to the surrounding countries , especially germany . 
  no need for them to race to the bottom , reason for us to stop racing . 
  oh no , a president who cares about the common man ? 
  we would n't want that , right dear ? 
  calls for a reenactment gathering . 
  tbf putin was n't who he is now and the iraq war was the most shameless of obvious lies . 
  agreed to all but to the just a matter of time part . 
  but it would be his loss, 
  there are wine regions but let 's face it , there 's nothing like a non beer region in germany, 
  i think it 's quite nice, 
  because clearly , that 's the most important issue ... 
  only old people think that there 's young people on facebook . 
  and what a colour that is now !, 
  a bold yet harmonious choice . 
  of course , it 's a very advanced type of floating transporter made of heavy cylindrical fiber based beams linked with high tech textiles for quick deployment of personnel downstream . 
  the engineers are confident that upstream capabilities will be addes to the revised model by means of towing . 
  the hre was decididly non-centralist . 
  the emperor had much less power than you 'd think considering the title . 
  actually the show was run by the monarchs of the different countries and they did n't have any interest in adding territories to the reich which might also have diminished their own voting power . 
  that is not the reason !, 
  bohemia was part of the reich . 
  it was probably due to legal reasons . 
  no doubt . 
  there should be a well regulated canon of diseases that must be vaccinated against . 
  probably . 
  but to a scared parent , aby chance to kill your child is a chance you do n't want to take , at all . 
  people are really bad at assessing risks , so while driving your kids with your car actually is dangerous , it feels less so then vaccination . 
  that is awesome . 
  but i 'll never understand why anyone would fill a round shape with squares . 
  grid plans are just lost on me, 
  nobody wants to live in dystopia . 
  history is ripe with examples of multicultural societies though that were not dystopic in the least . 
  many more than the dystopies actually . 
  for every 500 years of turkish oppression ( i assume greeks would see it that way ) there is 1500 of roman prosperity and peace . 
  big problems certainly are a very real possibility . 
  that is why we need to get it right . 
  but a will we not be able to make our countries completely homogenous ( and they never have been ) and b it might be rather good for us , as the prevailing positive examples have shown . 
  there is also point c , which is rarely mentioned : every society has internal problems with inequality and differentiation of strata .
