  we need to force them to bring their kids to school but they are semi nomadic - does it have to be the same school all the time ? 
  can there be mobile schools ? 
  i mean , really , there is gon na be solutions unless people go for the we-kick-them-until-they-want-to-be-friends approach, 
  well that is unfortunate . 
  seems like we are on the same page though . 
  i personally have had very unpleasant experiences with roma and we do nees to deal with that , it 's just that constantly fucking with someone has never worked and that r/europe gets swarmed with paranoid yet hyper threatening assholes who want to do just that . 
  well that 's gon na be hard because in super liberal yet dried up labour markets , they somehow are , are n't they ? 
  merkel and macron keep those movements alive by channeling the frustration ( about banks , debt , low wages , corrupt lobby eu , two tier health and justice systems ) instead of dealing with it . 
  and this is why jokes do not win anymore ... treating them like a basket of explainables ... 
  seriously they are n't great with winning hearts and minds . 
  probably the main reason why schmidt was so popular in his last years . 
  he always delivered on time . 
  does she though ? 
  atleast in germany inequality , stagnating wages and erosion of social security is the major cause of extremism . 
  how so ? 
  given the difficult topic they seem to have implemented some common sense into their rules . 
  i do n't agree with everything but i fail to be shocked . 
  really ? 
  have you not heard about their special prosecutors getting bombed once in a while until recently ? 
  these ones are , says the article , so yes , today you learned, 
  and maybe he was n't . 
  but damn i wish we had taken neutrality, 
  eliminate ... well , idk but i 'd guess there is a little more to their culture than burglary and stealing . 
  the gypsies of western europe , like the jenische in switzerland , still enjoy their culture and do their half year of cruising around and they do not form criminal gangs . 
  we do . 
  but , and this is a big one , we can not leave those people at the hands of actual racists . 
  and do n't you tell me for example hungary is n't close to facism at this point . 
  kicking them in the face at any instance is what has happened for centuries and it has n't worked . 
  this is a case for child services and the police and that is where it 's at right now . 
  croatians ? 
  i would know that . 
  yes it does . 
  but it 's not like it was in their blood . 
  indians are pretty good with math , i hear . 
  keeping people under the boot for centuries fucks people up and that is exactly the point . 
  they are eastern europeans though . 
  ever heard of kings protecting jews and rights of man for everyone and a system of open minded universities ? 
  because that is exactly what was needed to bring jews out of the same misery the gypsies are still in . 
  i wish we had this . 
  this so much . 
  every country should have a couple of those with their neighbours . 
  i wish we 'd get the same with poland and the czech republic . 
  breaking news : being the bottom of society and the punching bag of all rightwing parties for centuries does not lead to unusually high number of nobel prize winners , study finds . 
  [ edit : people , think !, 
  yeah jews have many . 
  why might that be the case ? 
  hint : it 's * not * auschwitz that made them succesful , it 's that we * stopped * shitting on them at some point in our history ], 
  well , maybe that was a stupid idea and needs to change . 
  the common market is only for those inside though . 
  this means that kind of policy needs to be a eu wide measure . 
  common budget anyone ? 
  it 's neoliberal romance , that 's why . 
  there is another way , it 's called the new deal and comprises forcing companies to spend while blocking capital fleeing the country and it 's how countries become great powers . 
  yes but will you take them ? 
  see . 
  the germans love and adore the french and the french actively try to not be arrogant pricks . 
  that is pretty much 110 % from both countries . 
  yeah . 
  only it was stern austerity that some years later fucked germany extra hard in the great recession . 
  germans are always too fucking extreme with everything . 
  this so much . 
  but everything right of the left wing of the spd subscribes to this myth that company owners and shareholders somehow are ` the economy ' and anything else does n't matter . 
  used to be good wages were the goal , now they avoid them at all cost , even if it ruins their parties and the people . 
  we have to much bb for acquire territory cb anyway . 
  maybe free people + add to sphere ? 
  probably like germans see weimar , nice town with lots of history, 
  i despise merkel but when did she ever invite anyone ? 
  she said that everyone should stick to what was agreed on . 
  yeah , we are by the book . 
  but you do n't want to know what 's in there . 
  corruption and shit has their own paragraph here so that it all looks nice and shiny . 
  this . 
  there are some dumb laws ( enev is more or less indirect styrofoam subsidy ) but by and large change by regulation stimulates inmovation . 
  their german is a very western dialect . 
  it does sound very weird to people not from the region but it 's neither wrong nor a mere accent . 
  because ... well , i for one do prefer to not publish a ledger of absolutely every financial transaction i make . 
  think alcohol and health insurance . 
  we have had two devestating wars , extreme inflation and five different currencies during the last century . 
  we like to check if it 's still there once in a while . 
  ehhh ... or skip that money thing and just be a powerful leader . 
  really ? 
  i find it much easier to just ramble about in english . 
  i ca n't do the same in german because most words are way too specific . 
  unprotected amateur piss bukkake gangbangs . 
  we know . 
  and it 's true . 
  let 's say the more educated and politically interested germans mock britains for something the less educated and interested germans do all the same . 
  at the same time many southerners blame all of germans for austerity . 
  imo this has always been the problem : common ( eu wide ) domestic issues but media coverage is national . 
  but wo n't anyone pleeease think of the shareholders ? 
  they are as much a people 's party as north korea is a democratic republic tho . 
  actually , i have the same opinion but saying it like that is rightfully infuriating to germans . 
  germany has not had the sweetest of times the last 30years , despite everything you think you know and many people feel they are being milked by the eu because they sure as hell do n't see the tiniest piece of all the growth so they figure it is going to you guys . 
  while that is arguably false and merkel did not so much bail out portugal and greece as bail out deutsche bank and a few others , the money spent and the money thought to have been spent are cut from important domestic issues . 
  you may be right and all but you sure are n't helping germans to be compassionate and civilized this way . 
  that 's so far off from being an axis , it 's literally a triangle, 
  uhm yeah i know a few people who think sinn zo be an extremist in his own way , but i guess he could be called a centrist of sorts . 
  sure , that is plausible , because as we all know , they are camel fuckers and we are cucks , right ? 
  our problem is not losing the war , our problem is people like you ( and islamists are people exactly like you in that regard ) playing war all the time like freaking five year olds . 
  we want to run our country in a civilized manner , while you - read : all damn culture war propagandists - want to trash everything .
