  in that case the ' ??? ', 
  stands for ` get rid of capitalism ' which can be argued to be a profit to many people ( not for liberalists and owners , obviously ) . 
  and how would that even have happened ? 
  a substantial part of the population would have had to simply vanish ... or change their view completely ( which arguably happened with some ) . 
  true . 
  we 'd call them panzer and i went from there, 
  unless there 's a microphone, 
   those stopped existing after germany surrendered ha !, 
  you sweet summer child ... but tbf that is what germans of that generation did say happened . 
  yep , that 's why modern police forces have started buying ( semi ) military equipment . 
  it 's a global trend . 
  it 's rather rare in sk , too . 
  oh christ ... 
  i do n't think profit is the goal . 
  if it 's a pretense , they are not protesters , are they ? 
  the the social democrats had the army fight them in the steets kind of bad relation , to be even clearer . 
  idk hard to look more threatening than people you know to be actual nazis . 
  the state sent tanks [ atleast in german it is correct to call them panzer ] . 
  i would n't call that protection . 
  of cocks . 
  and antonius banging cleopatra . 
   property/territory , on the other hand , can simply be seized . 
  technically yes . 
  but i would argue that with where the west now is politically , seizing capital has practically become more difficult than invading and installing puppet regimes . 
  they have long become a hedgefund with territory . 
  there 's no way they are not going to be around decades from now . 
  chamberlainian independence from the eu ? 
  that can only mean one thing : immediate * anschluss * to greater germany . 
  come into our arms , br\u00fcder !, 
  tbf the west has never given up on supporting israel even when their governments shifted way to the right of most european powers and became increasingly offensive . 
  my country gifting subs was a clever move since germany is the one country that ca n't not help defend israel but submarines wo n't roll over arab settlements either - a practice which is extremely unpopular here . 
  lack of oppression seems to be a con to some people . 
  well , it 's a neo gothic building . 
  massive tax breaks ? 
  [ actual question which is answered below . 
  tax benefits were already in place ], 
  shit !, 
  where am i going to get my news coverage about the horrors of living in islamic europe now ? 
  international style is not more about floorspace than good architecture . 
  he was right about it outside of legal terminology , though . 
  by whom ? 
  have n't heard of sweden , austria , ireland or switzerland getting invaded as of late . 
  how do i not understand this ? 
  it was like what ? 
  four years or something . 
  you are right but did you have to add insult to injury ? 
  you are indeed not arguing at all . 
  it is not my job to provide your basic education . 
  but if you 're from the anglo-saxon world , you might start with reading up on the history of the virginia declaration of rights from 1776 . 
  this was an integral part of the independence movement and to give you a hint : they did fight a war over these kinds of rights . 
  next would be the french revolution . 
  just google around , it seems everything you can possibly find this way should be excitingly novel to you . 
  you need to read books . 
  you 're right and it 's ridiculous in a way but with our societies being what they are right now this will make it even more stressful for everyone for decades before everyone reaps the benefits . 
  it 's the whole story of economic liberalisation . 
  thing is , as soon as some do , everyone needs to follow to not lose customers . 
  linux guy ? 
  last i checked , the allies did and rightfully pat their backs for it to this day . 
  they called it beating the nazis and defending democracy , you might have heard of it . 
  before that it was the spanish republic and before that the russian revolutionaries yadda yadda yadda . 
  they all fought , amongst other things , for human rights . 
  these buildings are so cool . 
  a shame that chrustshev switched to the ` international ' style . 
  okay wait what ? 
  have you slept through all your history classes or are you an american ? 
  anyway , username checks out . 
  being in public and saying : ` you guys , i think we should really kill these people ' is not a thought . 
  also , conspiring to actually plan terrorist attacks is a regular crime already . 
  sry , vote as in you argue in favour of getting rid of the rights . 
  i have a rather limited vocabulary . 
  my point is , if you do that , it does n't matter whether it makes you happy or sad , you are giving away what you want defended and you will get nothing in return . 
  but you vote for doing so . 
  in that you are the danger to our culture and to no avail . 
  you know the saying : who trades freedom for security will lose both . 
  if anything poses a threat to western civilization it is your desire to throw our values out the window . 
  we need to push our values . 
  that means neither false tolerance nor torture . 
  and no , there is no good solution . 
  unless we want to abuse millions of innocents there is no way to effectively * prevent * crime and there never has been . 
  sorry , dude , but that 's on you guys . 
  i honestly do n't see how some terrorists threaten the existence of western civilization . 
  they are a handful of murderers , not the soviet union or something . 
  not over . 
  for . 
  both . 
  and updating means revoking them for people we suspect to become criminals in the future ? 
  welcome to thought crime . 
  our human rights laws save us from getting mass murdered . 
  terrorism is bad but we jntroduced them after much worse things we did to ourselves . 
  now that 's true about everything . 
  it does n't enable them , it just gives them the right to not be tortured while in jail . 
  remember : the rules are there to protect the innocent and the wrongly imprisoned from what we think the actual guilty deserve . 
  gtfo of here . 
  your and my ancestors have fought long and bitterly for human rights for centuries . 
  this was n't elitist media or something , it was the people of western europe in every fucking revolution , in every uprising . 
  yeah right , because that argument never went wrong . 
  pretty much everything lies between those and what do you know , worked just fine during the last 200 years . 
  but you know what these people want . 
  it 's not about a working judicial system . 
  they want hatred as the foundation of law .
