how did a minority keep the majority from being infected ? 
  they did not wash other people 's hands , did they ? 
  you know what ? 
  take bavaria , take it . 
  heck , colonize it if you need to , they had it coming for a long time, 
  why would we have to militarize ? 
  we all already have militaries , we ` only ' need to put them together, 
  then , 1 % would be enough , problem solved . 
  back to the eu problems , i guess ... 
  yeah well there is only one party that would try that ( linke ) and they have a host of other problems . 
  i so wish the spd would pull their heads out of their asses and do their job ( being socdems ) . 
  if the us ditched it 's allies and fucked with china , as they atm seem eager to do , it would bankrupt them immediately . 
  the adoption of the dollar in all major trade relations , be it finances , oil and whatnot , is crucial to the us . 
  their political clout is what makes their economy work via the usd . 
  so , yes . 
  eastern europe dropping out of the us sphere of influence and into russia 's would be rather costly . 
  if you look at recent us interventions , you wll find that most of them were preluded by thoughts about abandoning the dollar or rerouting e.g. 
  pipelines through non-us conrolled territory . 
  civilization = / = fucking with foreign countries for the sake of it, 
  full access to all it infrastructure in europe . 
  remember , originally it was your terrorist problem , we only got your share because of your war 's refugees . 
  2/3 your intel only exists because of nato . 
  do you really think we 'd let you have all your surveillance bases here if we were n't allies and not even say a thing when you spy on our government ? 
  if you pulled that shit in non-allied countries , your embassy personnel would hang for that . 
  we keep our mouths shut because it 's a deal . 
  we do n't bitch , you do n't bitch . 
  suddenly you guys seem to have forgotten your part . 
  the reality is , you could n't even fly your drones or treat your injured soldiers without your rammstein base . 
  well there is an ocean and a few thousand nukes between our risk assessment and theirs that 's how far, 
  yes and they should n't have . 
  nato is supposed to be defensive . 
  and almost caused ww3 that way . 
  pretty flipping if you ask me, 
  we live in the reality where constant unnecessary involvement in all kinds of me countries has led to great problems for us , but not for the us while the interest was us and not us . 
  at the same time the us emberassed everyone by making up crazy obvious lies no one could keep face supporting . 
  the whole post 9/11 insanity weakened nato considerably . 
  increasing consumption is easy . 
  reduction of working hours plus government investent would do that greatly . 
  problem is , many people still subscribe to that we-all-lived-above-what-we-can-afford - we-need-to-save-on-everything view , even if all the numbers say that it 's ridiculously false . 
  just to clarify , german companies do n't , as a whole , know where to even do with their money , they and the banks have started to have problems even storing the amount of cash . 
  the ecb tries to force them to do something with all the money by means of negative interest . 
  thing is , if domestic and eu demand stays low , investment ca n't be expected to pay off , so noone invests . 
  as soon as demand goes up , the government expenditures pay for themselves in taxes ( unless the cdu feels the need to cut taxes , as they have repeatedly done ) . 
  but that 's all communism and that 's why the economy ca n't be saved , sorry , people of every eu country including our own ... 
  you , sir , are preaching to the choir . 
  do n't you think the german population would profit from importing more ? 
  we all could do with higher wages , less exports and more imports . 
  about 40 % of the ballot went to merkel 's part though and they say no can do . 
  it is obvious that the german government 's stance on economy damages all of europe * and * german consumers . 
  it 's a political problem and you might know how these things happen . 
  if it was up to me and many other germans , we would n't be in this mess but it is not . 
  well , i did not . 
  but 28 little armies wo n't do anything about it . 
  europe is quite militarized as is but much of that is redundant structures . 
  if every eu military integrated only half of it 's power into one eu army , that would be the largest army on the planet . 
  and that is the way to go . 
  no time to spend more , time to spend smarter . 
  yes ... pacifism is the problem !, 
  members of the eu have already told the trump government that trump is a moron . 
  bullying us is probably the best way to lose an ally . 
  the government is going to buy the stuff anyway , unless people notice . 
  so just shut the fuck up . 
  if you want it to happen , do n't make it too public . 
  what sch\u00e4uble is doing * is * whining and it 's stupid . 
  so , yes . 
  everybody stop complaining and start working together . 
  there is a union to be rebuilt and this will not happen by germany taking the lead , this will happen by finding * common * ground and integrating, 
  no , but when it comes to brits , the assholes usually look like assholes . 
  as you would probably support , not everyone should be given the right to enter a foreign country, 
   will visas stop existing ? 
  nah but i like to think that we might begin to sort out a certain strain of people at the border, 
  god i pity the brits who will in two years be alone and locked up in their country alone with your kind . 
  you 're just the archetypical intellectual , are n't you ? 
  thanks , i figured that much but you know what they say - argue not to convince the opponent but to convince a passerby ... 
  a existed , b ) they would n't , it 's the only acceptable form of keynsianism to republicans c ) how the ... well , whatever d ) you , as in the uk , if you really are from there , did n't fix shit . 
  also , that does n't even make sense , you do n't fix war damage by spending more on military . 
  i do n't know how serious you are but that is some skewed logic . 
  / edit : looked up your comment history , checks out . 
  so not that it matters , but you might want to go into a little more detail when it comes to 20th century european history tl ; dr germany was bad , that 's why it 's neighbours need it to have more guns, 
  i see ... this seems like a complex political move . 
  why was bonaire not grouped with aruba and cura\u00e7ao , if you happen to have some insight ? 
  for aruba , curacao and ... not bonaire , apparently , i misread . 
  what does it mean for a , b and , uuuhh ... s to be constituent countries ? 
  a ) that 's exactly because we do not feel the need to tomahawk around the world like some do b ) we are not leeching anything , we could do with a us that spends way less than it does now c ) no , the reason was stalin . 
  or if you meant that , sry we did n't kill him , we had a minor nuisance in the west to deal with , too . 
  / s d ) if it would have been up to a good amount of germans we would have declared neutrality just like austria , but the us/uk and russia respectively would n't let us e ) we do pay . 
  we contribute nato membership fees , even proportionately more than others . 
  we just do n't want to militarize our society . 
  others bear the burden ? 
  germany had one of the most militarized borders in the world for 45 years and only a fraction of that was foreign personnel . 
  also , while i do not exactly subscribe to that idea in it 's totality , some people did n't feel so much protected as ... uhm , occupied . 
  as it was officially called , too . 
  thanks , but no thanks , i , for one would rather not want us to lead anyone . 
  we have a union for a reason . 
  ha , i wish, 
  awww ... rly ? 
  do they atleast still have the antillean gulden ? 
  and what does that mean for abc ? 
  you are !, 
  found a company in the caymans or wherever the cool kids are going to nowadays , now get get this company into a contract for whatever you are doing and hire yourself to do it for peanuts .
