  they need less government/party influence tho , not more . 
  now that was well put . 
  this is an important topic and actually i agree on much of what you 're saying . 
  nonetheless , that 's a different issue , * is capitalism compatible with freedom ? 
  * basically . 
  sure but self censorship happens when there is substantial pressure to conform . 
  so somehow they all produced pressure and conformed to it at the same time while nobody else was involved . 
  or was there ? 
  because i have never seen a single person have any kind of disadvantage for merely saying : ` this is a bad idea ' and indeed many said so even on the height of euphoria . 
  they were n't listened to , people argued with them , yes , but that 's no reason zo self censor , is it ? 
  if now some people would discuss button-pushing in a political reddit thread where some said : ` it 's not their job to push buttons at all ' - would you feel these people strive for less regulation of the button-pushing industries , or more ? 
  there is no mere criticizing and voices to more clearly define what ones job is , are not pushing freedom the way ` press freedom ' was meant . 
  tbf in the eyes of this court , you can not ever know too much about garbage disposal , i 'll allow it . 
   disgruntled moans from the audience, 
  oh really ? 
  ` that is not their job ' does not strike you as something that invokes a new law ? 
   yet , if they for example only print stories about how terrible refugees are , what does that make them ? 
  in my eyes at least . 
   it 's a double-edge sword . 
  you seem to love the idea of a media that conforms to the narrative fitting your political view . 
  i seriously doubt that you know my political standpoint and indeed you have no reason to believe that at all as all that i did was defend media from influence . 
   true objective reporting is impossible as the job is done by people and decisions are made on what to report on and what angles to use . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why we have freedom of the press : the more , the more balanced . 
  but our friends in this thread want to redefine what wilk be reported even though , as you rightly point out , there is no objective truth . 
  all that leaves us with is an entity that will censor . 
   yet , it is bad journalism when you let political bias influence the reporting to the point where there is not even attempts made to keep it objective . 
  absolutely . 
  and damn i would never argue that . 
   the norwegian broadcasting channel ( nrk ) had a story a few years ago where they told a story about a poor roma woman [ ... ] not be allowed to have strong political bias . 
  so they made wrong assumptions about a gypsy and now they should not be allowed to ... do you realize how this is deep in dangerous territory again ? 
   so , yes they are free to print and say what they like if they are independent . 
  if they use that freedom to present slanted reports that does not give the most correct impression to the reader/viewer , they are doing a bad job . 
  obviously . 
  of course media did and still does a bad job . 
  that 's not the point here though . 
   well , german journalists [ ... ] to this day have n't understood their job properly . 
  yeah . 
  mass euphoria because of feeling like doing the right thing ? 
  i do n't know , i felt it was very problematic back then but that does n't mean it was a media conspiracy or something . 
  and to be sure there were dissenting voices long before cologne . 
  that 's not recycling though , is it ? 
  yes sure . 
  it does mean however that no one can make rules about what * their job * is . 
  hmmm ... this has taken an interesting turn . 
  collectivize the media outlets then ? 
  you keep pushing what you think their job should be . 
  that 's how i and basically how western civilization as a whole came to the freedom of the press . 
  it 's a safeguard against people who know better than everyone else . 
  now that 's a completely different issue . 
  of course most of them are bitches to a handful of billionaires and that 's reflected in what they report . 
   their job is you really have a hard time understanding that * freedom * thingy , eh ? 
  it means * they * decide what their job is . 
  you do not , nor does anybody else . 
  you 're pulling that out of your ass because you * did n't like * their narrative but that 's just not how it works . 
  freedom is the freedom to publish their view without interference , whether you like it or not . 
  biased coverage is * by definition * not a * freedom of media * issue , if anything , it 's a quality issue . 
  yes , as by the definition of * freedom of the press * . 
  their job is to educate ... by informing about facts . 
  if you do n't like the facts , that 's another story . 
  it is not . 
  the purpose is to keep the government from interfering with what media want to publish . 
  literally . 
  are you sure ? 
  because here in berlin it 's been a source of constant amusement that we trash everything seperately for it to be burned together . 
  because it is . 
  also , the euphoria held about 2 months , after that it 's been nothing but a long hangover used by the right to tighten every law . 
  wait what ? 
  the media deprived itself of it 's freedom by following their own opinions ? 
  now just tell me we have to save them from themselves ... 
  oh yes , you were half right . 
  demand * is actually * capped for the business sector since , as you then point out , it will only invest if consumer demand justifies investment . 
  sorry i did n't make that distinction clear . 
  also i think you sound rather * iamverysmart * if you put it like that to be honest . 
  oh yeah that 'd be awful !, 
  just think about the positive effect on spending power / s, 
  the effects of the financial crisis are exactly not a keynesian idea . 
  the us did a little keynes which is why they did n't suffer quite as hard . 
  we do neoclassical austerity and the business sector does - against that theory - not build up accordingly . 
  which is no surprise as it did n't work the last times either . 
  and that is wrong . 
  german businesses and banks do sit on cash , that 's why the ecb tried to make investment easier by lowering the interest rate . 
  they do * not * invest enough . 
  so yes , they also do n't consume enough , workers do n't consume enough because wages are low and pooof : too little demand . 
  whether you want to call it saturation is a matter of taste . 
  as a tea farmer told me once : the best parts are for export in general , the older leaves are for the locals and the rest is for the brits . 
  and drought ... 
  the roman empire was the one to establish the name asia for the region , so no , it would n't . 
  i 'd like st. helena 's climate : 18 \u00b0 on average but never above 30 \u00b0 or below 10 \u00b0, 
  leopold 's slave estate was n't even popular with belgians . 
  may i remind you that the so called colonies were not part of a greater belgium but * personal possession * of the king and exploited to the disgust of much of the public ? 
  the congolese hate those jokes but what can they do ? 
  their hands are tied, 
  soft power is not necessarily sympathy . 
  that is a very simplistic view . 
  heroin is rather cheap to get into pretty much everywhere . 
  as is tradition . 
  we are basically reddarchologists, 
  many government institutions and even companies listen to this ` hint ' . 
  it has big implications for investment , cooperation , the turkish tourism industry , international treaties ...
