  real men justify war with 25 % generation speed due to jingoism . 
  i want people to try to book flights to romethens ( uk ), 
  it 's spelled partheon . 
  may has deep emotions , just not for commoners . 
  atleast that 's a diphthong . 
  doens ' t matter , i was just making subtle compliments about ireland 's crucial role in european history anyway . 
  i will never understand how the one nation that basically taught all other northern europeans how to write in latin considers ` aoi ' a good substitute for ` i ' . 
  lol now that was dry, 
  it was a joke , dear . 
  definitely . 
  everyone with a brain knows the earth is actually a square patch of land floating at a fix point in a dark room . 
  it 's parliamentary democracy , meaning , women get to vote in the candidates presented . 
  kickass metal crowns !, 
  or very good . 
  exactly . 
  i know , because i do . 
  it 's not a reasonable political argument though , or is it ? 
  nope . 
  that is exactly the destinction we ought to make . 
  it 's full face vs only covering the hair . 
  and yes , many people in this thread have spoken about both . 
  that is certainly the case with too many young girls . 
  it is also true for many other things that do not happen to be a muslim thing . 
  our values demand objective universal laws . 
  are we to outlaw peer pressure as a whole ? 
  if so , how ? 
  schools might be the easiest place to regulate . 
  school uniforms are a thing already in some countries , why not go from there ? 
  for the public as a whole , i must say , it is difficult to see a clear line here . 
  i for one do n't want people to regulate what i wear , how i lool , how i conduct myself . 
  but the pressure thing is real and a problem . 
  there is no way to synthesize the liberal idea of a completely free societies with the idea of preventing social problems . 
  unfortunately the right ca n't get over their general contempt for foreigners and the left ca n't wrap their heads around the fact that most oppression is enacted by the oppressed themselves while liberalism just does n't give a shit about other people 's problems . 
  the cross comes from cultures with a brutal penal system ... so , not an argument all . 
  the important question is : does the hijab oppress women ? 
  maybe , sometimes . 
  does full face covering oppress women ? 
  yes . 
  is the hijab inconsistent with western values ? 
  no , modesty is okay . 
  is full face covering in accordance with western values ? 
  hell no , a person is a person , not a ghost , not a canvas . 
  let 's be precise and make precise distinctions . 
  it 's def uncomfortable but having panic attacks over it ? 
  seems a bit over the top, 
  the drive to punish homosexuality and other ` deviant acts ' in much of the world outside of islam comes from christian influence . 
  victorian england anyone ? 
  adapting to circumstance is wrong in christian tradition but in the quran is at some ( ! ), 
  points even recquired ( while others condemn it ) . 
  it 's a big mess, 
  paul is an absolute fucker and no lost soul should turn to his writings for guidance . 
  and their views are not reconcilable since jesus was a mystic and paul was an authoritarian . 
  but there you go , state religion . 
  ehhhh ... no commandments then , as you wish , sir ... no seriously , the new testament does not replace the old one , it only updates it . 
  no more animal sacrifice because jesus has died and such but by and large , it 's still valid . 
  atleast according to jesus of nazareth himself . 
  you may or may not see the jew specific parts like the roman 's did , that is as optional but our lord and saviour did not at any point say so . 
  much of it is : david saw the land and it was good land . 
  so he assembled his forces and set out to kill each and every man , woman and child there , as they were infidels , so that his people would use the formerly flourishing town to feed a few goats between the piles of rubble . 
  then he fathered 16 children , some of which he killed , because they grew rebellious or slept with their stepmothers and the lord blessed his seed ... 
  if you give random people in town a few bible quotes , most of them will happily attribute them to the quran because they know absolutely nothing about christianity . 
  same with consertatives and the bible only that * they * will not say it 's muslims but that it 's communism . 
  he probably would have but every woman already had her head covered . 
  ever seen images of the women who accompanied him ? 
  none is ever depicted without head scarf . 
  strangely , now that i think about it , men must have worn something to cover their heads , too , as they were all jews . 
  german here too , do n't ever do it !, 
  wtf was that ? 
  considering history , the netherlands are both parent and less loved steptbrother to belgium . 
  we simply call the region north rhine whatevea . 
  he 's also literally stalin , i hear . 
  ` some ', 
  sure . 
  theres hundreds of opinions on what the greater good is while ` fuck em ' does n't take much thought . 
  i do n't see how conservatives have proven more economically ` literate ', 
  they love monitoring them , they do monitor them . 
  so much so that they keep losing track of actual helpful information because it gets lost in a sea of data . 
  cameron was porking a pig . 
  slightly different . 
  if that 's his biggest fault he would make a brilliant pm . 
  how ? 
  co/co2 ratio should depend on oxygen availability . 
  well that 's a ) only true for crops which can not be harvested mechanically and b ) world market prices are usually a low one digit percentage of retail prices . 
  you could qadruple them and still make a profit of european consumers . 
  ca exists , but it does n't take capital ownership , trade deficits and demand into account . 
  the reasons why most of africa has been doing miserably after 1960 . 
  yeah and you ca n't just substitute one for the other . 
  that 's why we have them . 
  easy solution : copy/paste from german news outlet . 
  they obviously mean przoijble , dr. sch\u00e4uble 's secret non swabian grandfather . 
  also www.immowelt.de for germany, 
  uh , uh , here , over here , sir !, 
  yes , thanks , i want to solve : it 's because * all * muslims are inherently murderous people who are simply unable to conform to rules of civilization ?!, 
  right ? 
  / s and thanks for playing , this was dumbpardey , see you next week !, 
  no but some would argue that there is some degree of correlation . 
  what one sees as moral behaviour differs wildly , see osama bin laden . 
  it does n't really work . 
  there 's a one in several billion chance they will need guns and when that happens a well trained swat/gsg9 like team will do . 
  if there are no such laws they ca n't break them .
