  get over yourselves . 
  exactly . 
  this should imo not be a regular thing , though . 
  of course every government had that happen , kudos to the bvg . 
  but cdu ministers have been very persistent in that regard . 
  as other comment says , vorratsdatenspeicherung is one example, 
  noone prevents them from either voting nor expressing their opinion . 
  turkish nationalists may rally , send open letters to newspapers or simply tell people on the streets how they feel about it . 
  germany will just not allow foreign voting booths inside germany . 
  that and the us indirectly subsidize their tech industry via the military . 
  i think op implied an / s, 
  uhm ... 
  i could tell you are not german even without the flair . 
  the whole refugees - integration - islam complex is the news , all the news . 
  it is so fucking prevalent we barely speak of anything else anymore . 
  it 's a disgrace but yeah true , we do try to not be dicks about it , what a crime . 
  they regularly have to withdraw legislation because the constitutional court rips it apart, 
  what a prick . 
  tbf merkel 's government does n't usually give the tiniest of shits about the constitution . 
  the right votes 100 % in favor of the death penalty . 
  you need more time to sweep this disaster of a ` pluralist ' society under the rug . 
  he 's probably jewish too !, 
  france is the birthplace of both pragmatism and radicalism - having invented the violent revolution and luxury cars for socialists . 
  i did . 
  former employees of * this * bank ( recent ones ) are notorious for this . 
  it is atleast a possibility , is n't it ? 
  now that is just stupid . 
  td would love him for that if it was n't for le pen . 
  look at trumps cabinet . 
  ( here ) [ https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2014/12/17/macr-d17.html] a absolutely not alt-right source article on macron 's former deregulation efforts . 
  not about banks though . 
  macron is an outspoken neoliberal with ties to the goldman sachs of the great financial crisis of not even 10 years ago who will in all probability try to act as president as he has in his time as minister . 
  i think given * recent * history it is fair to assume that his programme will be founded on the words deregulation , flexibility , more market . 
  wait ... what are you trying to say ? 
  uhm ... well pompidou has been a former president for a while now , things have changed and you might want to look into goldman 's more recent history and that of it 's former employees who went into politics . 
  say post-1980s . 
  tell us about your findings when you get back, 
  banking deregulation ? 
  that is not quite true . 
  ww2 was all about conquering back territory so that your minority outside of your borders would get inside your borders . 
  territory which had previously been given to the other country to make their minority ... well you see where this is going . 
  think of protecting ethnic russians in ukraine ... 
  africa had major movement of population during the age of colonization and many european countries had sizeable colonial expat communities . 
  now colonized countries * did * have to fear those immigrants . 
  on the other hand , a couple millions uncivilised drunken stealing poles immigrated to western germany since the 1840s which considerably changed the population base and the culture but no one feels uncomfortable about it today . 
  in the east germans and poles however got into a civil war , then a war and then millions of people lost their home . 
  it depends on the details every single time , not just on how similar cultures are . 
  no shit , when speaking with any french i 'd have to hope that they live * dans la tourre montparnasse * because i have no clue where anything else is . 
  also noteworthy : * et boum , c'est le choc !, 
  * because you will need that in conversation . 
  they probably meant bourbonned . 
  as much resentment as the english have for brown folk , they truly despise the french . 
  way to ruin a moment, 
  nah , t_d is the nazgul, 
  the eu is a bureaucratic monstrosity whos most democratic process is streamlining the different governement 's wishes into one big fat * we want to stay in power * spiced with hot tears of banker happiness . 
  let 's stick to wanting macron not to lose against le pen because of that . 
  the french did n't want to grab her by the pussy bad enough . 
  hopefully he will be the president and german whisperer the eu badly needs and not just be yet another goldman fucktard who does n't give a shit about the commoners . 
  nationalist ? 
  how so ? 
  yeah and that 's why the us totally works and switzerland with it 's more direct democracy is a shithole with a president trump ... wait ... 
  voting for someone is , by definition , support . 
  it really does n't, 
  obviously because germans got it * somewhere * , duh . 
  bavarian beaver barrier, 
  if someone does good , he is austrian . 
  if he is evil , he 's a german ( from austria ) . 
  if your yt channel has nazi era organisation 's names or cryptic pseudo german combinations in it , chances are you are american though . 
  just saying . 
  regarding tyt : that 's sad . 
  i kinda like them, 
  oh she is sane , she just believes in what she is doing is the right thing . 
  whether we think so or not, 
  you also do not need insanity to fuck up economies . 
  merkel and sch\u00e4uble are completely sane and a catastrophe for europe nonetheless, 
  you do n't need communism to destroy economies . 
  but to be fair , erdogan was even kinda succesful economically, 
  one might say they produced the only candidate who would not beat trump . 
  you seem not to understand mutual defense agreements . 
  or sexy ... matter of fetish preference i guess, 
   they 're doing it because they believe freedom of speech and association are inherently bad for minorities i am not even sure if they would accept this claim . 
  i had quite a few antifants for friends back in the day and am not certain about what they wanted at all , i guess it 's a very mixed bag . 
  otherwise , yeah , there 's a difference, 
  no , but you could put it in stock corporation understanding that you are never to sell that tradeable stock you created / s, 
  it also makes people feel as though the employer did them a favor , which he is not, 
  tbf some antifa use the exact methods fascists used . 
  just for a different goal, 
  some might be , but most of them also are not completely brain dead so you would expect a motive and a likely target . 
  this is quite an obvious fake and smells faintly of false flags . 
  who do you suggest would fake antifa involvement ? 
  hint , it was not the secret service , they would have done a better job . 
  dude , you have some serious reading issues . 
  the spd being establishment was exactly the point - read . 
  it means what it says , they were pro-soviet for a brief period and then , as you rightly limited your statement to , just not as anti-russian as others . 
  see point 1 and also , ~ ~ go fuck yourself ~ ~ take some adult reading class, 
  there is evidence of the us meddling in pretty much everything , yes . 
  is n't there an ongoing fbi investigation concerning trump ? 
  or in their case $ c = = 8, 
  ha , true . 
  but the right can still fuck off in my opinion,
