  do not think there would be no or very little problems without foreigners . 
  both our countries had war , civil war , famine , dictatorship and revolution in the last hundred years alone . 
  that being said , we both can think of less risky developments and it 's only natural to fear what might be ahead of us . 
  we should however be prepared to make it work even if we do n't like it happening in the first place . 
  just because it might happen anyway in which case , it better work !, 
  uhm , they are people , they can work and do well like everyone else . 
  would you be scared of higher birth rates ? 
  idk but since vaccines ( very rarely ) do have severe side effects some parents are scared to put their children at risk . 
  to me it 's like fear of terrorism . 
  the odds are extremely low but it makes an impressive story so people overestimate by a couple of zeros . 
  some africans told me the same . 
  i guess it 's human nature to see patterns and causes . 
  well what is it ? 
  people naturally want to be among their peers . 
  but for good reason they should not get to . 
  this . 
  get people spread out among the population and they will adapt . 
  you 're saying : all that worked so well wo n't work now that we have foreigners . 
  every part of that thesis is dead wrong . 
  weed grows everywhere south of the polar regions . 
  there are succesful hemp farmers around berlin so climate ca n't be too much of an issue . 
  it 's called * weed * for a reason, 
  all that makes sense , it really does , if existing populations were one group and one group only . 
  never heard class warfare ? 
  peasant uprisings ? 
  protestants ? 
  political partisanship ? 
  social unrest ? 
  depends on the time . 
  initial colonization was bad because of war , a hundred years later they were enjoying themselves very much . 
  ehhh , he was speaking of france voting macron , i guess, 
  i dunno , i would rather have sandinistas than say , pinochet in my country . 
  the extreme right tends to be a bit on the murdery side . 
  yes . 
  the french were obviously superficially anti german but at the same time ... kinda far-right themselves . 
  there 's a reason vichy was such an unusually helpful puppet . 
  this . 
  witnessing the bush admin 's sheer amount of shameless lying kinda spoiled the whole pro-american-thanks-for-the-airlift-sentiment . 
  it 's a right wing myth . 
  somehow we are both cucks and awful tyrants . 
  nah , eastern germany just was a functional economy pre 1989 as hard as that might be for you to believe . 
  the soviets only spent on occupation troops . 
  but yes , east germany was way better off then , say , the baltic . 
  it would n't . 
  1914 came after a looong road to war . 
  everyone in every country saw it as inevitable and maybe even relief . 
  the atmosphere in europe became so nervous during the late 1890s , it was n't even clear who would fight whom , only that there would be bloodshed . 
  the real question is : what percentage of trump would defend a nato ally ? 
  we have taught our kids how horribly wrong non critical nationalism can go and how you can end up a fucking criminal in no time . 
  if you think that was targeted at all patriotism , it 's because you do not think critically . 
  i love my country but war means my country is willing to throw me in a trench and have me die for what amounts to either no gains at all or some companies getting mining rights somewhere i 've never heard of . 
  hardly worth dying for . 
  grab your family and move before shit goes down . 
  sooo ? 
  all it takes is a police to enforce private property , rather cheap . 
  all those social security thingies are just a waste , are n't they ? 
  after all , if people had made better choices , they would n't have been born greek in the first place !, 
  yeah ... you only had governements do all of the above all over the world , that 's why i said it 's facism * friendly * . 
  of course he was as well as me . 
  leaking intel info is always illegal everywhere , that 's not the point . 
  the us has been on a facism friendly path ever since the late forties . 
  of course it 's bad, 
  the rest of the world begs to differ . 
  i wonder if americans know how famous he is in europe . 
  and almost everyone but the governments think we needed to know that . 
  with 100mm tele, 
  and why would it multiply ? 
  do you really think there will be hundreds of attack per year ? 
  if you do n't like terrorism , do n't support the terrorist 's supporters seems pretty straight forward . 
  no anti-americanism needs be involved . 
  yeah but this time the bundeswehr is the romanians . 
  oh they will act on it . 
  and it 's not going to work because it 's going to be the same tax cuts for the rich and hoteliers that were supposed to make us all wealthier since 1982 . 
  it 's a half infinity . 
  more than you can count but less of it . 
  planning to annex liechtenstein and b\u00fcsingen i see ... 
  it does . 
  beating them up does n't , deportation does n't . 
  solution is easy : basic income for everyone ( my fav , but works with social security too ) who plays by the rules . 
  send your kids to school regularly , do not use them as bait in begging and so on and your eligible . 
  kids below 14 ca n't be jailed for a reason , but they can be taken into custody , which is good as soon as the custodians are good people and not other bums who just want to make money . 
  but it has to be possible and practical for them to play by the rules . 
  we ca n't expect them to just stop being gypsies , because they wo n't . 
  let 's respect everything about their culture , let 's make it work their way for them . 
  and be really strict in the few categories that are actual problems . 
  agreed . 
  problem number 3 : nobody trusts experts anymore because the ` experts ' who were brought in in the last decades tended to ruin perfectly functional systems in order to streamline dynamic synergies in converging markets or some shit which tended to mean less democracy , more profit and also , sorry , healthcare unfortunately broke along the way ... 
  well you 're not from the us but since blair sucked bushes dick that hard in terms of warmongering you are right to respond to the issue . 
  have some , they are quite literally your refugees . 
  oh yeah and while we 're at it , let 's send back those bulgars back to the steppes or something because where your ancestors a thousand years ago or so lived really connects you to the place ... re-re-conquista anyone ? 
  what a stupid thing to say, 
  like bonny and clyde , * if * clyde had been a feminist . 
  they would have been invincible . 
  what are * you * talking about ? 
  does norway have * endemic * gypsies posing a problem ? 
  or is it romanian , bulgarian , hungarian or in this case croatian gypsies ? 
  just sending them back and closing the borders is not a solution to anything . 
  not too big a surprise one would think, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  well sure , if their only choice is to give up everything they love or get fucked , that does n't look like much of a choice .
