  both sides agree on that youths and other long-time unemployed ( mostly immigrants ) are a problem . 
  the right wants to create more `` simple jobs '' and a new form of employment for those who have a hard time getting employment . 
  this new form of employment would be more flexible for the employer . 
  the left has talked about a guarantee that would offer youths either work , specialised education or internships within 90 days . 
  they have also talked about having `` extra jobs '' in the welfare ( such as the elderly care ) . 
  this is a very complex question . 
  the law that regulates this here in sweden has 43 paragraphs and covers more than 5 000 words . 
  it should be noted that there are some positions that are exempt from the law . 
  these include top level management , employees that belongs to the employers family , and employees that work in the employers home . 
  * which basically translates into the following : * dismissal may take place , if the employee has grossly neglected his duties towards the employer . 
  * so you may get fired pretty much on the spot ( it has to be a written notice given to you in person , that is regulated in \u00a7 20 and \u00a7 21 ) . 
  but you have to do something really really wrong , and you should probably know that what your ' e doing is wrong . 
  if you are unable to carry out your job in a good manner , you are most often repositioned to do something else in the company . 
  this law has it 's pros and cons . 
  it 's good for anyone that is employed , but it 's also causing problems for young unemployed persons , as getting in can be tricky if you 're not well educated . 
  however , business is doing pretty well , they point to other areas ( mostly housing ) as more major problems . 
  lastly , here 's a link to the law : http://www.riksdagen.se/sv/dokument-lagar/dokument/svensk-forfattningssamling/lag-198280-om-anstallningsskydd_sfs-1982-80 it 's in swedish , but if you are really interested google translate should do an ok job at translating well enough do give a general idea of how it 's laid out . 
  working part time as a cashier is quite popular among university students here , especially during the summer when you do n't receive your student allowance and student loan . 
  you are allowed to make about 86 000 sek ( $ 9,600 ) per half-year without affecting your allowance ( $ 318 per 4-week period ) and loan ( $ 800 per 4-week period ) . 
  all my figures are pre-tax ( student allowance and loan are tax-free though ) . 
  a full time cashier ( 24 300 sek/month ) would pay about 22-23 % income tax , depending on where in sweden he/she lives . 
  edit : if the company has signed a collective agreement with the union ( which they mostly have ) the minimum wage for a cashier , without any experience is $ 13.40 / h for an 18 year old and $ 13.61 / h for anyone 19 or older . 
  to this comes overtime and extra pay for working `` uncomfortable hours '' . 
  foreign citizens residing in sweden can change their name according to swedish name laws ( which are pretty ok ) , however it is not certain that the country in which you have citizenship will accept the new name , which will cause problems . 
  citizens of nordic countries ( denmark , norway and finland ) who are residing in sweden change their name according to swedish law , and it is automatically accepted in the country which they have citizenship . 
  this also works the other way around . 
   i follow an account on instagram that posted this image , which suggest that northern europe and the uk are the easiest places to do business with and it gets harder as you go south , so maybe the italians are right after all ? 
  but scandinavia is so socialist and bad for companies !, 
  east , west , north , south . . 
  i ca n't help you with that one since there 's o much to see wherever you end up . 
  but do n't try to do to much , europe is very big and the culture between countries , even neighbours , can differ a lot . 
  with two weeks you can do a part of the continent , but make sure that you actually enjoy it also . 
  cost varies a lot , but generally speaking , north is more expensive than south , west is more expensive than east . 
  europe is safe , but i would be aware of pickpockets , especially in big cities . 
  and as always , do n't be an idiot and you 'll be just fine . 
  some average salaries ( per month in sek ) : nurses : 33 700 waiter : 24 400 cashier : 24 300 car mechanic : 28 600 doctor : 62 900 financial analyst : 45 000 engineers ( with 5 years at uni ) : 50 740 these are very broad averages , salaries are set on an individual level . 
  we must also take into account the taxes , which varies a lot from pretty low-ish to high . 
  and depending on your situation you can also have other sources of income . 
  by `` just '' having a child you will automatically receive child allowances every month until the child is 16 . 
  some salaries are on the low end i feel , especially for teachers , nurses and police officers . 
  but engineers also make less than abroad in some cases , which is a problem since we of course want to keep the engineers in sweden . 
  edit : total average is 32 000 sek , and the median ( which really is a better way to measure salaries ) is 28 000 sek, 
  i usually walk , when i need to carry a lot of stuff ( like grocery shopping ) i go by car . 
  for longer distances it 's either car or train , sometimes in combination with bus . 
  when i need to travel to the north i take a flight . 
  some agencies are worse than other , and i 'm sure people can point to examples where everything has gone to shit . 
  but i have to say i 've never really had any problems ( nor have my cases been anything out of the ordinary ) . 
  i do everything on the internet , all i need is my personal number and a `` bankid '' ( swedish e-id ) . 
  agency with the best service ? 
  the tax agency , hands down . 
  as long as you 've graduated from high school you should probably be able to apply for a bachelor ( 3 years ) at university . 
  this of course varies greatly between countries , but this [ eu link ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/education/university/admission-entry-conditions/index_en.htm ) is probably a good start since it contains links with information on every country . 
  one thing to keep in mind is that tuition is generally not free for non eu citizens . 
  here in sweden tuition fees are between 80 000 and 140 000 sek ( $ 9,000 to $ 15,000 ) per year , so x3 for a bachelor , though you might be able to get a scholarship . 
  then there 's the cost of living as well . 
  that 's a good point , and yes we really have had many `` crazy '' kings before ... 
  there 's actually quite a lot to chose from , but i 'll say [ gustav iv adolf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustav_iv_adolf_of_sweden ) , who lost finland . 
  in the end we pretty much sacked him . . 
  i stated that pretty clearly , did n't i ? 
  the prison system is n't for punishment , it is clearly stated that prison sentences should be avoided if possible , and that `` imprisonment should not be seen as an effective crime prevention measure in swedish criminal policy . '', 
  we could argue about whether some sentences are to short/to long etc. 
  but the main thing to remember is that the correction system is about rehabilitation . 
  it should also be noted that just because you got out of prison does n't mean that you are entirely free . 
  from the top of my head : alaska , texas , california , new york , washington , illinois , michigan , utah , nevada , new mexiko , new jersey , rhode island , delaware , vermont , florida , minnesota , mississippi , alabama , south carolina , north carolina , north dakota , south dakota , wisconsin , nebraska , arkansas , hawaii , colorado , georgia , louisiana , virginia , oregon , massachusetts , maine , montana , oregon and pennsylvania . 
  there are a few missing , i know . 
  the ones i find difficult to remember are the central/south , mid-west and the small ones on the east coast . 
  stereotypes , well . . florida is blue haired ladies and florida man . 
  everything is big in texas californians are pretty progressive minnesota is ful of people with nordic ancestry , and that 's about it for stereotypes i have . 
  i do however know some other fun facts . 
  california is only about 20 000 sq km smaller than sweden , but have 3 times the population . 
  the biggest municipality in sweden ( kiruna ) is larger than the three smallest states , with the fourth smallest being about 10 % larger than kiruna . 
  edit : might as well add that i 've been in the states of florida , illinois and new york . 
  someday , inte the not to distant future , i hope to do a road trip on the west coast of the u.s, 
  i can just answer , based on the information given in your post , that the probable sentence in sweden would be `` life in prison '' . 
  i use citation marks since it , in practice , is n't for life . 
  life in prison here means that time you will spend has n't been set . 
  after 10 years you can apply to court and have your sentence set . 
  the minimum time is 18 years ( which is the longest sentence outside life ) . 
  more information on the swedish prison system ( if you are interested ) : https://www.kriminalvarden.se/swedish-prison-and-probation-service/, 
  my cousins had a dog named rocky that looked exactly like that many years ago while i was about 4 . 
  i remember being terrified of that dog . 
   it 's just insane that after ordering the first 45 they city went ahead an ordered 20 more instead of starting the next generations procurement straight away apparently they got a good price . 
  still extremely stupid though , since they knew the trams did n't work , politicians ... 
  i think the danish state train company , dsb , bought trains from ansaldobreda as well , which does n't work . 
  any dane that want 's to fill in ? 
  luckily gothenburg has decided that the next generation of trams will be delivered by bombardier . 
  pretty much since the 60s-70s . 
  [ link to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/du-reformen ) ( english ), 
  john cleese has a story about it as well : https://youtu.be/c1ykb_77sf0?t=77 ( from about 1:20 ), 
  no picture of uppsala ( 4th largest city of sweden ) is complete without the [ cathedral ] ( http://uppsalamagicandcomedy.se/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/bild-uppsala.jpg ), 
  norway is a safe bet ( especially on 17th of may ) . 
  in sweden you are guaranteed to see traditional dresses on midsummer if you are in the province of dalarna , or thereabout . 
  maybe the complete lack of formality . 
  we never say any titles , no mr. mrs or miss , no sir , no ma'am . 
  always first name , even the first time we see our boss , teacher or whatever . 
  i think i 've as seen one in all my life , and that ca n't have been a swede . . with that being said , there are car sharing groups on facebook that are somewhat popular . 
  we do n't talk to strangers without reason  either you put yourself in a situation where everyone actually want 's to conversate , such as sports team . 
  or you find yourself at a place where you actually need to talk to people , such as school or work . 
  is n't that sweet liquorice though ? 
  salty liquorice ( salmiak ) is a totally different animal .
