  now , tax returns are public domain in sweden , so if you want to know it 's really easy to get hold on . 
  everything is shown nationally , with the same commentators and experts . 
  it would n't really be possible to divide the broadcasts and commentators , just stockholm has three teams in the top tier in football for example . 
  honestly , real swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes , gravy , lingonberrt sauce and maybe some [ pressgurka ] ( http://www.touchoftaste.se/content/recept/pressgurka.jpg ) . 
  the difference between something made with love and ikea is extreme . 
  the meatballs can also be made from moose . 
  a [ sandwich cake ] ( http://www.stigscafe.se/sites/default/files/lyx_hemsida.jpg ) is great for larger gatherings !, 
  and finally , a real [ kebabpizza ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_3csn3qz_4ia/thkyqkwgw1i/aaaaaaaaapg/ybkpvrbjdwe/s1600/matsl\u00e4kten+002.jpg ) , the cure for any hang-over !, 
  for american food , i 'd say some real american bbq , that is something to die for !, 
  luckily , it is gaining interest already . 
  and for anyone wondering , yes the name refers to gorbachev . 
  the same company also makes billy 's pan pizza , which refers to bill clinton . 
  not when you need to fill up at a petrol station , 
  not necessarily sports cars , but regarding older american cars , check [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kwujuu-h5a ) out !, 
  camaros and mustangs are pretty cheap here tbh , a new one with a v8 costs about $ 50k including all taxes etc. 
  yet they are not overly popular , however still not extremely uncommon ( especially the mustang ) . 
  even including corvettes i would say they are not very uncommon as far as sports cars goes . 
  there is definitely a market for american sports/muscle cars in sweden . 
  it coexists with the market for european sports cars , they do n't really compete for the same buyers . 
  american pick-ups and suvs are also not so uncommon that you raise an eyebrow ( varies where you are in sweden of course ) , but you still wonder why the hell someone would want to drive around in one of them . . 
  i personally very much enjoy `` charles heidsieck brut r\u00e9serve '' that fit your budget . 
  [ satw ] ( https://satwcomic.com/new-nordic ), 
  there will always be people who says the system is in a deep crisis , but people have been saying that since forever it seems . . asylum seekers get care that can not wait , children get healthcare on the same premises as a resident . 
  this means that asylum seekers really are n't that much of a strain on big parts of the system . 
  as i said there is luckily very good statistics available of the healthcare here . 
  and it seems that counties with high population density ( which is also where the population growth really takes place ) are the one with the shortest waiting times . 
  the thing most seem to complain about it is the er , where you sometimes get to wait hours since the prioritize with regards to your condition . 
  my personal ( which of course is anecdotal ) experience with the system is that it works well . 
  lets face it , the us with its allies have played a huge role in forming the shit show that is the middle east of today . 
  everyone here is just fed up with the us trying to `` deliver peace and democracy to the world '' when it just replace one bad situation with a situation that is in some ways worse . 
  and where do all the innocent people flee ? 
  europe , because it 's closer and america just does n't want to take its responsibility in the matter . 
  and one last thing . 
  the salafism that is represents is pretty damn close to wahhabism that is spread by saudi arabia , they spend about 2-3 billion dollars every year spreading wahhabism world wide . 
  and who is the us closest ally in the middle east ? 
  saudi arabia . . once you ( the us ) admit that it 's a shit show and that you ( again , the us ) admits a huge responsibility in creating it and take responsibility for the people fleeing their homes , then we can talk . 
  i suggest reading the title of the topic again . 
  since swedes love effective packaging ( look at ikea ) therefore , always fill up half-full rows on public transport before taking a seat on an empty row . 
  it 's funded by the 21 counties + gotland municipality ( gotland is a bit special in that it does n't belong to a county ) . 
  the counties run their own hospitals and primary health centers . 
  but they also provide funding for private operators . 
  this means that you can chose your provider/doctor without it affecting any costs for you personally . 
  my doctor is at a county run health center , because it 's : a ) close by b ) newly built and feels well organized since it 's tax funded it does n't have a fixed cost per month . 
  a student would pay 0 , while someone with an income from employment would pay more . 
  there is a symbolical upfront cost of 150 sek ( 15.6 euro ) in my county , other counties may have different costs but it 's thereabout . 
  you usually pay about 100 sek for each night in hospital as well . 
  after you paid 1100 sek within a year you do n't pay anything else for the reminder of the year . 
  the same also applies ( but at 2200 sek ) for drugs on recipe . 
  i like the fact that it 's an equal system where everyone is covered . 
  i personally have n't had any problems with waiting times ( often get an appointment within 24 hours ) , but i do know that for some non emergency operations there 's some waiting often . 
  i also like the fact that it gives me a choice of provider . 
  and finally , the openness of the system , all sorts of statistics is easily available and there are effective laws in place should there be a mistake in an operation etc. 
  there is a shortage of nurses , and maybe of doctors as well ? 
  it varies a bit between each county . 
  some counties , especially in the north , have problems due to the large areals and low population density , making it pretty expensive to have a good service . 
  by design the system needs to be on the limit constantly ( in order to be cost effective ) , this is of course difficult to manage . 
  i would say that generally the funding is pretty ok to a bit low . 
  most of the problems are in emergency room , where they are overworked in some counties , and on the countryside where it 's difficult to have all sorts of expertise nearby with a low population density . 
  the worst thing that ever happened to the green party was to come into power . 
  it will be interesting to see if they are able to recover . 
   the irish or swedish exit or goodbye is when you leave an event ( usually a party ) without saying anything to anyone . 
  it is , as the name suggests , an irish or swedish custom uhm , it 's not a swedish custom . . 
  had to check the superettan table , i understand now . 
  reindeer is domesticated though , they just do n't live on a farm . 
  generally speaking i have no problem with weather , i may be bitching about time to time though . 
  no one likes 0 degrees with rain and heavy winds . . 
  hot and humid is a bit of a pain in the ass also . . 
  not really , you can find bottled budweiser at a decent amount of places though . 
  however , a lot of bars/pubs have beers from [ brooklyn brewerey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brooklyn_brewery ) on tap here . 
  they apparently have a partnership brewery here in sweden as well ( nya carnegiebryggeriet ), 
  country wise it 's pretty ok . 
  trains in the far north are pretty shit though . . 
  do n't care at all , the synopsis seems a bit boring to me . 
  an epic movie rooted in norse mythology could have the potential of being interesting though ... 
   northern european food is usually not so tasty you have no idea what you 're talking about ... 
  first , keep in mind that those number `` only '' equals about 1 million people , sweden had 4.5 million citizens in 1880 . 
  secondly , you actually have a lot of scandinavian sounding family names . 
  pretty much any name ending in '' - son '' or '' - sen '' is typical for scandinavian countries . 
  other examples include [ this ] ( http://shop.nordstrom.com ) department store chain which apparently was founded by a swedish emigrant with the surname `` nordstr\u00f6m '' . 
  20 % of all men , and 15 % of all women born in the latter half of the 1800s emigrated from sweden , most of them to the us . 
  the reasons were many , but mainly from three categories , economic , religious and social . 
  many swedes were very poor , and when the there was a massive crop failure in the end of the 1860s many saw no choice but to leave . 
  the church of sweden was also very dominant at this time in history . 
  social mobility was low , and your ability to vote was determined by how much money you had . 
  it took until the early 1900s before we started to really reform our society with universal suffrage , better schools , better homes etc. 
  the rest is history . 
  been to asia , north america and south america . 
  one thing that i want to add though is that the cultural differences within europe are huge as well , this is also something that some americans get defensive about , `` muh ' diversity '' . 
  not at all , the north has some of the most excellent foods there is . 
  examples are [ kalixl\u00f6jrom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalix#kalixl.c3.b6jrom ) , [ cloudberries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rubus_chamaemorus ) , and reindeer . 
  well , if you think we only eat meatballs ( which by the way are delicious ) and surstr\u00f6mming i can see where you 're coming from . 
  scandinavian cuisine is mostly high quality ingredients prepared in a simplistic way to let them speak for themselves . 
  usually a lot of fish , and game . 
  current contracts as well , from 15th of june . 
  it means that you will use the same plan as if you were in france , no extra charges or anything . 
  yes , of course . 
  almost all new built roads are 2 +2 , the reason why we have so many 2 +1 is that they could easily be converted from old single lane roads . 
  sweden has had a lot of 13m wide roads on the form of two 3.5 m lanes and 3m shoulders without any barriers . 
  they were inviting to high speeds and caused a lot of accidents . 
  most of the 2 +1 roads are converted roads like these .
