  driving would take 10-12 hours and train ( only a night service ) takes 14 hours . 
  during the winter it 's quite popular to go out and take a walk on the ice , or even drive on it . 
  snowmobiles are very popular as well . 
  during the summer going out in the archipelago by boat is common , if i recall it correctly lule\u00e5 has the most sailboats/motorboats per capita in sweden . 
  and of course hunting is really popular in northern sweden , almost everyone at least knows someone who is a hunter . 
  i live north of 65 \u00b0 n , so there are hug differences over the year . 
  to be really honest , it 's just a fact of life now . 
  first year i lived here in the north late autumn was the worst , by far , since that is the darkest by far . 
  snow usually arrives in late november/early december , and stays until mid-april . 
  and the snow makes everything more `` cozy '' as it lightens up the surroundings . 
  the actual change is also very noticeable . 
  today for instance we hade sunrise at 02:13 , and sunset will be at 22:47 , but to be honest it does n't really get dark , it 's more like a dusk/dawn setting . 
  tomorrow we will have sunrise at 02:09 and sunset at 22:51 . 
  so we will `` gain '' 8 minuets of sunlight over just 24 hours . 
  that 's almost one hour over a week . 
  so while there is almost absolute darkness in december ( at worst sunrise is about 10:00 and sunset about 13:00 ) , there is really usable daylight in late january . 
  also the activities change accordingly , as the always do in countries with varying seasons . 
  winter is perfect for cosy gatherings with family and friends , while summer is great for being outdoors all day long , to go swimming in a lake at midnight gives a great feeling of freedom . 
  first of all , what sort of christmas/new year do you want ? 
  one with snow and crisp air , or a big party or something a bit warmer ? 
  yes , i started english from 2nd grade in elementary ( which is 9 grades ) , but as far as i understand it 's more common to start with it in 3rd grade . 
  we also have mandatory english in secondary school , and at university it 's not uncommon to have courses taught in english . 
  to that it 's compulsory to choose from either french , german or spanish for the three last years of elementary . 
  if it 's like it was in sweden when we had conscription , it 's not a lottery at all . 
  you got called to do a lot of tests on pretty much everything from your physics to seeing a psychiatrist and also tests on your general intelligence ( yes , that part of the test was actually called that xd ) . 
  if you really did n't want to serve in the military you just had to say that you would like to shoot people . 
  or play stupid . 
  by that reasoning , should austria and switzerland form a union as well , maybe even join germany ? 
  asking since sweden have more inhabitants than both austria and switzerland ( 9,9 million vs 8,6 and 8,3 million ), 
  we sort of did try [ that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalmar_union ) earlier , did n't end well . . 
  joking aside , we are already very well connected . 
  it is very common to work across borders , we have freedom of movement across borders through the nordic passport union , which have existed over 60 years !, 
  it does happen every now and then that someone proposes a nordic federation , but it 's never something serious . 
  we kinda like the idea that we are brothers/sisters , but that 's it . 
   generally speaking they appear to be a somewhat separate cluster from the rest of the continent . 
  this is correct , although with denmark acting as a `` bridge '' to continental europe . 
  i live in northern sweden , and it 's not uncommon to hear people referring to continental europe as `` down on the continent '' or even `` down in europe '' . 
  some basics about swedish gun laws . 
  to buy a gun you need to be at least 18 years of age , but you do not need to be a swedish citizen . 
  however , you need a permit from a shooting association , the permit will say that you have a need for a gun , for example if you compete in shooting , and that you have shown some skill in using a gun . 
  to that a license handled by the police administration is required . 
  for hunting rifles you need a hunting license . 
  if you are to transport the weapon through a public place it may not be loaded and in a case , if possible it should also be taken apart . 
  you may keep your guns at home , but they need to be stored in a special [ locker ] ( http://www.pretect.se/res/atn1024_vapenskap_ts_9g_o.jpg ) you are not allowed to have automatic weapons , unless very special needs cater for it , and those permits only lasts five years at a time . 
  for air guns and the like , no permit is needed . 
  the same goes for some guns/rifles from before 1890 . 
  if you have a rifle that has a personal value to you , you may keep it if it is modified in such way that you can not shoot with it any more . 
  sweden actually have quite relaxed gun laws for europe , at the moment there are some discussions in the eu about gun laws , which would make our gun laws stricter . 
  this is something that we oppose strictly as we think it 's something we should decide on . 
  sweden have the 9th most guns per capita in the world at 31,6 per 100 residents . 
  as other said , we do n't really use a different acronym during summer time . 
  but if you were to use it it is called `` cest '' , since we call our daylight savings for summer time . 
  here in sweden you choose to attend a programme , with the shortest being 2-years and end in a * h\u00f6gskoleexamen * ( university diploma ) , most programmes are three years long and end in a * kandidatexamen * , which is the bachelor 's degree . 
  4-years is * magister * and 5-years is called master here as well . 
  however , most of the 4 - and 5-year programmes ends in what we call an * yrkesexamen * , professional degree . 
  example of such programmes are in engineering , economics , medecine etc. 
  they are fully comparable with the bologna process . 
  each programme has set courses that students have to take in order to get their degree , however there might be some choices in the later years . 
  one academic year is 60 points , and each course range between 5 and 30 points ( the latter very rare ) . 
  at my university most courses are 7,5 points , with the odd one being 15 . 
  normally we have two courses at the same time at 50 % . 
  each week is 40 hours , however you are free to plan your time as you want . 
  in most cases it 's not obligatory to attend lectures . 
  examinations can be either written exams , reports , lab tests etc. 
  at the end of each programme each student will have a course where they will write a thesis , 15 points for * kandidat * and 30 points for master . 
  and while we 're on university studies we might as well talk about life during studies . 
  students live in either student apartments , ranging from about 25 sqm ( 270 sqft ) to about 60 sqm ( 650 sqft ) or in * korridor * which is a bit like a dorm i would suppose . 
  each student have their own room equipped with toilet , shower and a kitchenette , with a full size kitchen available in the common room . 
  tuition is free , but the cost of living is not . 
  therefore we have an agency * csn * which , granted you make at least 75 % the points you have applied for , will give you 2186kr ( $ 262 ) per month in financial aid . 
  to that yo may take a loan from them , they will pay you 7088kr/month in loan ( $ 850 ) . 
  to that you are allowed to work on the side or you may be eligible for aid to pay your rent . 
  social life includes a lot of beer , naturally . 
  each university have at least one student pub where you , for sweden at least , can have cheap beer . 
  there are also a lot of associations for various different things . 
  and lastly , together with finland ( and in some ways norway ) we have the [ studentoverall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/student_boilersuit ), 
  very well written !, 
  just to add regarding symbols etc. 
  every european country have different laws about , well everything really . 
  here in sweden for example , no such legislation exists , it may be considered part of hate against a people , but not automatic so . 
  neo-nazi parties are still granted rights to hold town square meetings and protests . 
  so just as you said , you freedom of speech here is very high . 
  here it 's included in the rent , or your housing cooperative fee ( which is the by far most common way of `` owning '' an apartment ) . 
  the most modern ones also include the detergent and the machines will dose in accordingly . 
  in order to use the laundry room you book a time-block , commonly by one [ of theese ] ( http://www.tor2.se/files/schema.jpg ) , but that is also changing to more modern methods . 
  i can book mine via an app and can then open the room by using a special key-tag . 
  that got really nerdy ... 
  if you book in advance , train is not expensive . 
  just looked , you can get tickets to copenhagen for less than 300sek . 
  nope , there are no border controls to other countries , mainly because that 's not the route immigrants take through europe . 
  however ferry companies may check ids extra thoroughly , but there are n't any police officers at the ferry terminals in stockholm . 
  there are more to the border controls than you think . 
  if an immigrant turns up at the control in sweden ( this is important ) , they have the right to seek asylum , and an asylum investigation will be started . 
  so , what 's the point you may wonder ? 
  this way , we know where the refugees in sweden are , and there is an asylum investigation going on for each of them . 
  first of all , at the moment we only have border controls towards denmark and germany , leaving schengen ( which is n't really possible as others have pointed out ) would mean that we need a lot more border controls , which we do n't have the infrastructure for . 
  also such a thing would be really unpopular here in sweden , w love the freedom of movement . 
  besides , we also have the [ nordic passport union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_passport_union ) , which we really really do n't wa n't to leave . 
  so to answer your question : we do n't want to !, 
  holy cow you spend a lot of money on elections .
