  ah come on , you need to try a bit better than that if you want to troll . 
  i would have expected more from someone from `` the best country in the world '' , 
  many of them did n't really have much of a choice . 
  back then social mobility was low , most of those who emigrated were poor or had suffered in one way or another . 
  i think most of them just wanted a reasonable life tbh . 
  i do n't think you can draw any real conclusions , other than sweden today is in a much better position ( and with higher social mobility than the america ), 
   minimum salary but we do n't have a minimum wage , and we do n't want it . 
  wages , scheduling , and loads of other things are n't really regulated in law but by collective agreements between the unions and employers . 
  in a federal europe we would probably have to move away from a system we have used for decades , a system every major political party is behind . 
   because it 's to our benefit . 
  the difference between european states is minor compared to european states and non-european states . 
  maybe , but the differences are much larger than you probably think . 
  the difference between sweden and norway is n't so big ( but if you start to look into it you will quickly notice that nothing is the same ) , but what about sweden and italy , or hungary ? 
   we 're the only region in the world that actually has strong worker and human rights ( individual countries might have them in other areas , but not wide regions ) , even in the parts of europe where that 's the weakest is still stronger than 95 % of the world . 
  if we want to protect that , than we need the power to do that . 
  yes , but we have achieved this in totally different ways , who will change their ways ? 
  yes / s no , but what i mean is that we have so different social and economic structures , structures that work . 
  for instance , we do n't have a minimum wage system , and we 'd like to keep it that way , but it could be difficult for other countries to implement and they may like minimum wage systems more . 
  and if you say `` let 's keep those differences then '' , then there 's no point . 
  healthcare system , should it be up to each current nation to decide ? 
  then again , what 's the point . 
  foreign politics and military ? 
  no , i do n't want someone from another culture , speaking another language to decide on foreign matters that will affect me . 
  no , it 's the stupidest idea ever . 
  our societies have come to far for it to work . 
  and for those that say `` let 's keep regional powers and languages '' , what 's the point ? 
  as a guest to a dinner : 1 . 
  be on time !, 
  take off your shoes !!!, 
  you may bring a small gift , such as a bottle of wine , och some chocolates . 
  offer to help undoing the table 5 . 
  do n't hang around to late , the host probably want to do some cleaning before sleeping etc. 
  as a host for a dinner party : 1 . 
  make sure it 's reasonably clean and that you have your timing with the food in check etc. 
  do n't drink before the guests arrive . . 3 . 
  make sure you have enough beer/wine for the dinner . 
  deny any attempts from the guest helping out in the kitchen . 
  do n't be awkward , understand when it 's time for the after-dinner coffee . 
  as a guest to a pre party : 1 . 
  be a bit late , but not to much . 
  ( lagom late is the best ) 2 . 
  take off your shoes !!!, 
  do n't wreck the hosts place . 
  as a host of a pre party : 1 . 
  make sure there 's music 2 . 
  make sure there 's either space in the fridge or other means available for the guests to cool their booze . 
  are those uncommon in germany ? 
  just a bit surprised since they can be found in practically every store here in sweden . 
  meh , why would i put jam on a sandwich ? 
  other than the occasional marmalade on some toasted bread we use different cheeses , cold cuts , tomatoes , cucumbers etc. 
   when it comes to universities the danish ones are regularly ranked higher , in terms of level of education , than the swedish ones , and generally are also larger . 
  i generally think one should n't put to much into university rankings , but in all the big rankings i 've looked the top swedish universities rank above the danish universities . . 
  see , the eu just steals our money !, 
  from the description of the course `` religion a '' that everyone who does secondary school must take . 
  ( there is also religion as a subject in elementary school ) . 
  translated through google translate , but it seems to be readable : `` christianity , the other world religions and different views of life , their characteristics and the way they express themselves to individuals and groups in contemporary times , in sweden and in the rest of the world . 
  different human perception and perceptions of god within and between religions . 
  religion in relation to gender , socioeconomic background , ethnicity and sexuality . 
  identities of individuals and groups and how they can be shaped in relation to religion and beliefs from , for example , religious fonts , traditions , social media and historical and contemporary events . 
  different perceptions of the relationship between religion and science in the current social debate . 
  interpretation and analysis of different theories and models in normative ethics and how these can be applied . 
  ethical and other moral ideas about what a good life and a good society can be . 
  analysis of arguments in ethical issues based on christianity , other world religions , life views and students ' own positions . '', 
  huh , you 're right actually . 
  beer and cider is actually considerable cheaper in sweden , spirits are about the same though . 
  til, 
   even $ 2.50 for a can in the supermarkets is insanity . 
  that must have been a rather posh beer , or for a pack . 
  a 50cl can of pissy beer at systmbolaget here is $ 1.25, 
  valborg in uppsala , might look at [ forsr\u00e4nningen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkvc56c46d0 ) and try to not get too caught up in all the [ partying ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_nuzkrj3xo ) . . 
  it 's also very common to combine these if you 're really angry . 
  for example , if your car does n't start : `` helvetes j\u00e4vla fitt-hor-bil ! '', 
  - `` damn fucking cunt whore car ! '', 
  i usually have 20-22 degrees year round , with certain summer days a bit hotter ( when the sun shines in on a hot day ) . 
  violence is not the right answer to mental illness . 
  this is actually quite tricky , there are no roads to [ treriksr\u00f6set ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-country_cairn ) . 
  if we choose smygehuk as the southern starting point it 's either 22h 35 min ( 2021 km ) to riksgr\u00e4nsen or 21h 42 min ( 1939 km ) to karesuando . 
  however , if you were to continue across the border into finland after karesuando you get pretty close to treriksr\u00f6set . 
  the road runs along the border the whole way ( the border is a river ) . 
  smygehuk to kilpisj\u00e4rvi ( closest to treriksr\u00f6set ) takes 23h 13 min and is 2050 km . 
  ah , summer of 94 !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bavmye_obfs ), 
  you do n't need to hold a referendum to change something in the constitution . 
  however if at least 35 mps want it and then 117 mps vote in favor for a referendum a constitutional referendum would be held . 
  such referendum is only binding if the no-side wins . 
  such referendum has never been held in sweden . 
  i might just add that the constitution was actually changed in 2010 to include the line : `` sweden is a member of the european union '', 
  [ what 's the meaning of stonehenge ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbyzgeee2mg ), 
  guns always escalate a situation . 
  in a culture where everyone is more likely to have a gun ( such as in the us ) the intruder is more likely to have a gun and may shoot you , because you have a gun and will probably shoot the intruder . 
  over here a burglar is nowhere near as likely to carry a gun , since he , a ) likely wo n't need it for his own protection and , b ) will get a tougher sentence if caught . 
  many swedes still have firearms at home , but that 's hunting rifles which have to be stored in specially designed safes , not something you just can grab if you wake up in the night during a robbery . 
  and while we 're on it , i bet that it 's much more difficult to break into a swedish home than an american . . and lastly , how do you feel about the fact that there are so many accidents involving guns in the us ? 
  kids shooting siblings by accident etc. 
  that 's what i would be afraid of . 
  i feel they are very enthusiastic and have valid criticism . 
  they still love the game and are very knowledgeable about both teams etc. 
  it is n't something you bring up with someone you just met , but i do n't feel it being very stigmatized among friends . 
  could be more stigmatized among older people though .
