  other languages : * `` kurva '' - `` curve '' , means something completely different in eastern parts of europe . 
  * `` rolig * - `` funny '' - means calm in danish/norwegian . 
  * '' \u00d6l '' - `` beer '' - oil in german . 
  there are probably 100 's of different drinking songs in sweden . 
  most of them are to be sung before taking a * snaps * . 
  but there are also more general songs . 
  singing is popular at bigger festivities , such as midsummer , christmas , crayfish parties etc. 
  it is also a very big deal among university students . 
  every university has at least one song book with 100 's of songs and fun curiosities around the drinking culture etc. 
  yes , i was probably a bit unclear but what i meant was that if you want a fanta , you order a fanta , if you want a sockerdricka , you order a sockerdricka . 
  sprite/7up is usually interchangeable though . 
  here lemonade ( * lemonad * ) is the same as it is in the us . 
  that is lemon juice , water and sugar . 
  although i would say that squash , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/squash_ ( drink ) ( * saft * in swedish ) is a much more popular still drink here . 
  soft drinks are usually called by their names , although some are interchangeable . 
  why would n't it be safe ? 
  where are you from ? 
  if you mean non-nobles it happens all the time . 
  example : princess sofia of sweden participated in the swedish version of paradise hotel before she met prince carl philip . 
  but is n't bonaqua also real spring water ? 
  it is in sweden at least . 
  of course market penetration might have been an issue . 
  although lidl still exists here in sweden ( it 's not a success though ) , we can still relate to this . 
  but i think the main problem is that lidl use so many foreign brands . 
  at least in sweden we learn from early age to always buy swedish whenever possible , since it 's both locally produced and produced in a fair way . 
  would n't surprise me if it 's the same in norway ? 
  friday marks the end of the working week , you pretty much have two choices in sweden . 
  * fredagsmys * - `` cozy friday '' . 
  this works best with family or very close friends . 
  you cook an easy dinner , tacos being the most popular , and watch tv or play a board game . 
  you might have a beer/glass of wine , but soda is perfectly fine . 
  2/3 of all swedes do n't drink any alcohol whatsoever during normal weekdays . 
  when friday and saturday comes around we make up for what we lost during the week.binge drinking ensues . 
  really , it 's a sad culture around alcohol here . 
  if you have a beer during the week people may think you are at risk of becoming an alcoholic , but no one bats an eye if you get totally wasted during a friday/saturday . 
  i might add that sweden ( along with the other nordic countries ) do n't have a legal minimum wage . 
  it was decided in the late 30s that wages and other benefits were something that should be decided between the employers and the employees ( unions ) without government intervention . 
  the idea is that a collective agreement between employer and employees should be made , which includes the minimum wages and minimum increases over the next few years , along with other benefits . 
  if no such agreement can be made the workers have the right to go on strike . 
  this system actually works really well , strikes are few and quite far apart and unions are well integrated into how the business is run . 
  after all , it is in the interest of the union members that the company survives and have good progress . 
  reminds a bit of when toys r ' us opened up in sweden in 1995 . 
  they were anti unions and did n't want to sign a collective agreement . 
  that 's probably the biggest no-no ever in having a business in sweden . 
  a strike broke out , and grew so large that they would n't get any products delivered to them , and even their transactions were n't processed . 
  so in the end , they finally signed a collective agreement , and they still exists here in sweden . 
  the plastic bike * itera * from the early 80s . 
  it was supposed to be both cheaper and lighter than other bikes , with a price of just 300kr , a normal bike at that time cost 1200kr . 
  instead it was heavier than a normal bike , and at 1600kr very expensive . 
  the quality was a bit so-so as well as far as i know . 
  production ended after just a few years . 
  fun fact , president jimmy carter tested the bike in stockholm , as part of the marketing campaign . 
  hans rosling has the answer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4, 
  yes , that do happen . 
  but as you said , the last name does n't have a special status any more in sweden . 
  and we still do n't use any titles to go with it . 
  when speaking with foreign contacts in english last names is ok with us swedes . 
  but otherwise we only use first names , and no titles . 
  so no mr , mrs , miss , doctor , whatever . 
  exceptions are the speaker of parliament , the armed forces and when speaking with the king . 
  more info here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/du-reformen, 
  i feel the same about swedish milk , i think i 've read that it has to do with the pasteurisation . 
  over here all milk is low pasteurised , meaning shorter shelf life , but better taste etc. 
  maybe it 's the same in ireland ? 
  yes , the biggest isolated event . 
  but europe has had so much terrorism through the years that you ca n't even begin to compare . 
  when talking about terrorism we really should add in ww2 as well . 
  in the blitz alone over 40,000 civilians are reported to have lost their lives . 
  prosit actually originated in latin , and means `` may it be of good '' . 
  we say it because it is supposed to replace evil spirits with good ones . 
  * fyrhjuling * - `` four wheeler '' * vattenskoter * - `` watermobile '' , i guess since the swedish word literally is a combination of * vatten * , meaning water and * skoter * which usually is used for snowmobiles . 
  well one joke is that malm\u00f6 is pretty much on fire all the time ... 
  i did some googling , and you are right , always good to learn something new . 
  it seems though as the liability lies with the business , not with the consumer , which seems fair . 
  also , i 've must have shopped at some small retailers since i actually do pay vat in germany when buying my car parts . 
  no , since the purchase happens in germany i will pay the vat there . 
  i moved about 800km ( by car ) , so that 's pretty far i guess . 
  reason being that i liked the specific programme that was offered at this university . 
  the swedish krona was also fixed against several other currencies . 
  but during the swedish banking crisis in the early -90 s when the marginal interest rate at the * riksbank * reached 500 % they realised that the fixed rate could no longer be defended . 
  so the krona has been floating freely since 1992 . 
  that 's not how currencies work . 
  200 years ago , as in we were the same country until 1809 . 
  a bit off topic , but unlike the uk and denmark , sweden does not have an opt-out on the euro . 
  but since we had a referendum and said no we found a `` loophole '' . 
  and that is that we intentionally do n't fulfil the requirements by not fixing the exchange rate . 
  if you live in an apartment : you have a `` garbage room '' where you can recycle compost , household garbage , papers , newspapers , plastics , glass ( coloured ant clear ) , batteries , electronics and others . 
  if you live in a house on your own : you either have a compost on your own or a brown bin on your driveway , as well as a green bin for household garbage . 
  the garbage truck will come and pick these up . 
  for other types of garbage ( like plastics , paper etc. ), 
  you need to drive to recycling facility . 
  less than 1 % of all garbage end up on a landfill in sweden . 
  if it can not be recycled it will go to a wte-plant for heat/energy . 
  it is also illegal to build new landfills in sweden ( if i 'm not mistaken ), 
  finland , we used to be the same country just over 200 years ago and still share a lot of common festivities etc. 
  some people might argue that norway is a closer friend but i would argue that we have mor cultural differences with norway than we have with finland . 
  finlands sak \u00e4r v\u00e5r - finlands struggle is ours . 
   but if you buy yourself a coat in the uk and you want to bring it back to poland , sure there is n't any tax you need to pay . 
  also , if you were to buy it online you would only pay the vat in the uk . 
  i do this all the time since car parts and oil is much much cheaper in germany than in sweden . .
