  true , but they are included in the immigrant statistics . 
  you forgot to mention those from former yugoslavia ( mostly bosnians ) , which combined make up almost 135 000 , and thus is one of the biggest groups . 
  second largest group that is counted among the immigrants is missing , swedes returning from abroad ( mostly from norway i guess ) . 
  yes , it means that there need to be a decision on continuing the current law before 2019 , which i 'm all for , and so are many political parties . 
  and you are conveniently not understanding what the article says . 
  the article says that they expect about 300k applications for relatives . 
  this of course mean a heavy work load for migrationsverket , but while they are working with the application the relatives are still in their respective countries . 
  also , 70 % of all granted asylums 2016 were for subsidiary protection , these will only receive residency for 13 months at a time ( unless they find a job and a place of their own ) . 
  these people does not have the right to bring any relative to sweden , unless they applied for asylum before 24 november 2015 . 
  of course , even i know a lot of people did just that . 
  for those that applied before 24 of november 2015 , their relatives may also be granted asylum , but still only 13 months at a time . 
   not offering economic benefits you want slums ? 
  because that 's how you get slums . 
   citizenship you need to be a permanent resident for five years , and may not be convicted for a crime during your residency ( if you are , the time will be extended )  actually enforcing deportations i agree . 
  but a huge problem is that many countries simply wo n't take people back . 
  this is something that we ( the eu as a whole ) should work on improving . 
   the australia method works . 
  australia is also an island . 
  you can only apply for asylum when you already have arrived in sweden . 
   sweden would no longer be an attractive country to move to this is part of the reason why it went down . 
  we no longer gives permanent residency to refugees , we have a lot stricter rules for relatives , we are ( finally ) starting to age test persons claiming to be under 18 etc. 
  i think it 's important that if people come here and apply for asylum ( which is an international right ) , and an investigation finds that they have a cause for asylum we should give it . 
  but only temporary , as long as there is danger for the refugees life in his/hers home country . 
  now , if the person want 's to integrate into the swedish society , gets a job , his/hers own place etc. 
  i have no problem with us giving permanent residency . 
  note the difference between residency and citizenship . 
  also , of course i know that we alone ca n't do anything to stabilize the middle east , i 'm not that naive ( nor a leftist if you thought so ) . 
  i was just simply stating the root cause for all of this . 
  i 've `` only '' experienced -35 , but it really is something special . 
  first off , it 's completely calm outside , no sound and no wind . 
  secondly , the light . 
  the nordic winter light is amazing , the sun is very low on the sky and the way it reflects on the snow is beautiful , when the sun is up that is . . then there 's the sensation , you will feel the hair in your nose freeze , your eyelashes will do the same . 
  it will feel cold , but since there 's no wind it 's actually not to bad , the air is very dry as well . 
  and lastly , when you walk , the sound the snow makes when you walk on it , memories . 
  it will always fluctuate , in the early 90s the numbers were crazy high as well . 
  as long as there are wars people will be on the move . 
  you want 0 immigration from these countries ? 
  then stabilize them . 
  how ? 
  i do n't know , but that 's the only way . 
  in other news , the number of asylum seekers in sweden went down over 80 % in 2016 . 
   sweden : does not know how to take care of children properly . 
  [ context ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/sweden/10592799/muslim-couple-arrested-in-sweden-for-smacking-son-when-he-refused-to-pray.html ) edit : the father got 10 months in prison and the mother 14 months . 
  remember when i lived in lule\u00e5 where , in december , the sunrise was at 10 and sunset at 13 . 
  fun times . 
  for some reason that list refers to the average wage in the private sector only for sweden , and even then it does n't make sense as nowhere in the linked statistic does it say 34 000 sek gross . 
  the actual average wage ( all sectors ) in sweden is 32 800 sek gross , or 24 755 sek net . 
  in euros that is 2 582 net with current exchange rate . 
  the average income tax rate for that gross wage is 24.5 % , however as income tax is collected ( mainly ) by municipalities and counties it varies . 
  lowest income tax for that wage is found in vellinge municipality with 22.3 % and the highest in dorotea municipality with 26.7 %, 
  ah , your employer probably forgot to tell you that a third of the arbetsgivaravgift actually is a payment into your pension . 
  property tax in sweden is at most 6000sek per year for a single family home, 
  i would probably be worse off though since , a ) they would n't give the whole amount to me b ) since it funds pretty much every social security service i would have to pay into insurance anyway . 
  c ) the previous government actually halved the payroll taxes for people under the age of 27 in hope of cutting unemployment among the young . 
  the amount of jobs created was very few and it was far from cost effective . 
  i 'm 27 . . bruttol\u00f6n = gross wage does not include payroll taxes . 
  average wage is 32000 sek/month , average tax for that salary is 24 % . 
  it differs a few percent since income tax mainly is collected by municipalities and counties . 
  it may be a factor for the employer , but it 's never talked about during salary negotiations , never included in any pay slips , never included in any tax related stuff etc. 
  you as an employee never ever see or speak the payroll tax anywhere in sweden . 
  adding what your employer contributes is n't really relevant imo . 
  the important thing is how much of what you earn do you get to keep . 
  on top of the taxes i stated you pay between 10 and 40 euros/month for unemployment benefits ( voluntary though ), 
  does it matter ? 
  it 's not part of my salary . 
  who pays 40 % income tax ? 
  the income tax for the average wage here is 24 % . . 
  was a bit surprised seeing stockholm in the third place actually . 
  then again 4x daily to turku , 2x daily to helsinki , daily to both tallinn and riga , 2x daily short cruises to mariehamn , 2-3 daily to mariehamn from kapellsk\u00e4r , some passengers to naantali from kapellsk\u00e4r as well . 
  and since nyn\u00e4shamn counts as stockholm 2-6x daily to visby as well as a couple a week to gdansk . 
  there 's actually a lot of ferries calling stockholm when you think about it . . 
  and we only pay 25 % vat on cars . . 
  would love to give some insight , but since i 'm on holiday i ca n't be bothered . 
  new loans taken from a year or two ago must be amortized down to 70 % at a rate of 2 % per year ( if i remember correctly ), 
  if i remember correctly , household consumption is the biggest reason for the increase . 
  investments ( mostly residental , but also in machinery and infrastructure ) was another big driver , increased production another . 
  the number of hours worked increased . 
  public spending actually went down a bit though . 
   sweden : hot dog territory , though a mazarin ( cake with an almond-paste filling ) and coffee were long a favourite in press boxes . 
  hot dogs also known as * raggarballe med sv\u00e4ngd\u00f6rr * , and are usually boiled . 
  a mazarin looks like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/mazariner1.jpg ), 
  it 's not like 160 000 get residency . 
  this is just the 73 000 homes related to the expansion of the subway in stockholm . 
  over 20 000 new homes began construction in just q1 of this year in sweden . 
  then rental market is controlled in sweden , meaning they are mostly relatively cheaper than they should be . 
  of course this makes them less desirable to build . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure how it works , but i think the municipalities requires a percentage of rental apartments combined with the attractive to buy apartments . 
  a few years ago the newly built homes were rather boring and mostly looked the same , but lately many municipalities have changed the way they work with the planning process . 
  nowadays architecture and other qualities are much more valued when construction companies compete for a plot . 
  it 's pretty complex . 
  first of all sweden is currently investing heavily in infrastructure . 
  the national government is also helping municipalities and counties with co-funding large infrastructure projects , such as the sek 23 billion expansion of the stockholm subway , or the new tram line in lund . 
  in exchange the municipalities have to go ahead with zoning and planning of new residential projects . 
  in the case of the subway extensions 73 000 new homes are to be built . 
  residental construction is booming currently : [ link ] ( https://www.scb.se/hitta-statistik/statistik-efter-amne/boende-byggande-och-bebyggelse/bostadsbyggande-och-ombyggnad/nybyggnad-av-bostader/pong/statistiknyhet/paborjad-nybyggnation-av-bostadslagenheter-1a-kvartalet-2017-preliminara-uppgifter/ ) the graph is showing the amount of homes that have begun construction , purple is apartment and green is small homes . 
   pretty sure we all prefer ~ ~ vanlig vodka ( translation : ordinary vodka ) ~ ~ hemk\u00f6rt which is a cheaper brand . 
  the punishment for the crime described by the paragraph used is either fines or prison up to 1 year , which i can agree is low . 
  the paragraph is about carelessness with secret information without intent . 
  i always buy domestic ( when possible ) , to support local farmers , i know it 's of really high quality , and finally it 's much better for the environment . 
  and the subway cars in stockholm are named by regular stockholmers .
