  most of the times you get dismissed not for personal reasons but due to lack of work at the employer . 
  you will be given a dismissal time when you 're still being paid your salary etc. 
  so , getting fired . 
  `` firing may occur if the employee has grossly breached his duties against the employer . '', 
  basically , if you steal from your employer , or if you continue being absent even if the employer has asked you repeatedly to come to work etc. 
  you 'll be fired , pretty much on the spot ( but it must be delivered to you on paper ) . 
  many of these cases still end up in court , the question the court needs to answer is if the employee has `` grossly '' breached his duties or not . 
  i 'd say things become problematic when the eu tries to decide upon things that clearly are local issues . 
  it 's also a problem when a common legislation is worse than the national legislation preceding it . 
  example : nowadays cars must have drls on in daylight , which is good . 
  however , the old swedish legislation is to always have low beam on , which is better since a ) the rear lights is also on , and b ) the automatic switch between drl and low beam on some car is absolute shit , so many newer cars have basically no light on in dusk or the winter . 
  also , as a swede i should probably mention that i do n't want the euro . . 
  there are loads of infrastructure projects , either already approved or expected to get approved ( within time ) . 
  one of the biggest projects is the high-speed rail link ( 320 km/h ) between stockholm and gothenburg . 
  it 's not yet approved but the first part of it between s\u00f6dert\u00e4lje ( about 30 km south of stockholm ) and link\u00f6ping is expected to begin construction within a year . 
  this part alone will cost almost 5.5 billion euros , the whole stretch will be over 10 billion euros . 
  other railway projects waiting for funding is the 270km long north-bothnia railway between ume\u00e5 and lule\u00e5 in the far north of sweden . 
  it will be a single track line built for a top speed of 250 km/h , the expected cost is around 3 billion euros . 
  a project under construction is `` bypass stockholm '' , which is a 21 km long motorway ( of which 18 km in tunnel ) bypass of stockholm to ease congestion . 
  it will be finished in 2026 and the cost is 2.83 billion euros . 
  were also kinda moving a city : https://www.citylab.com/life/2016/05/swedens-radical-plan-to-move-an-entire-city/483345/, 
  so this is not an accent , or even a dialect , but rather a sociolect . 
  [ rinkeby - swedish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rinkeby_swedish ) , it just sound stupid in every way possible . . 
  just to add the , maybe , most interesting part from that page . 
  translated through google translate because i 'm a lazy fuck and it 's late . 
  through the teaching in the subject of history , the students will in summary be given the opportunity to develop their ability to : use a historical reference frame that includes different interpretations of time periods , events , gestures , cultural meetings and development lines , critically review , interpret and value sources as a basis for creating historical knowledge , reflect on their own and others ' use of history in different contexts and from different perspectives , and use historical concepts to analyse how historical knowledge is organized , created and used . 
   between 1980-1994 ( lgr 80 ) we had the confusing grades a , a , ab , ba , b , bc , c with c being failed . 
  not true , those grades were in use up until the early 60s , when they were replaced with the relative grade 1 to 5 . 
  the relative grading system was really confusing since the actual grades did n't relate to what you actually had learnt . 
  it was a ranking between students using a normal distribution , 38 % was given a 3 , 24 % a 2 or a 4 and 7 % a 1 or a 5 . 
  it was changed a bit in lgr 80 so that while 3 remained the average there were no percentages any more . 
  and finally , the grade ig in the lpo 94 system did n't actually exist in primary school . 
  if you did n't fulfil the requirements for a pass ( g ) you simply was n't graded in that subject . 
  more info : https://www.skolverket.se/bedomning/betyg/tidigare-betygssystem-1.46885 edit : university is different as well . 
  u is fail , but then there 's two different systems that i 've come across . 
  either it 's g ( pass ) and vg ( pass with distinction ) , or 3 ( pass ) , 4 ( pass with distinction ) and 5 ( pass with particular distinction ) . 
  the latter system is mostly used in science and engineering while other faculty 's seem to prefer the first system . 
  i have both systems in my degree , with some courses only having u or g as available options . 
  as far as i can remember i started with english in grade two , which must have been around 98/99 . 
  third language was chosen from grade seven , though we got to try a few lessons of each of the three languages ( german , french and spanish ) in grade six . 
  it 's huge , this year was a low point in the number of viewers though , only 2.85 million , last year it was 3.7 million . 
  the national competition is also huge . 
  it has four semi-finals and one final during a five week period ( i think ) , each semi final had over 3 million viewers and the final had close to four . 
  sometimes you do n't see the forest for the trees . . 
  well , i mean ... [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kobaes7o1m ) apparently is n't satire . . 
  i agree . 
  but let 's not forget that there are more swedish dialects in finland . 
  east bothnian dialects for instance sound less `` finnish '' , but very old swedish . 
  and can be absolutely impossible to understand . . 
  well , in the 11 world championships for men that 's been held sweden have won 8 times and silver 3 times . 
  for the 10 world championships for females sweden has 7 golds , 1 silver and 2 bronzes . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty big here . 
  so is `` real '' [ bandy ] ( https://cached-images.bonnier.news/cms30/uploadedimages/2017/4/20/07ca02fd-03e7-462f-8f34-723031addce2/bigoriginal.jpg?interpolation=lanczos-none&amp;downsize=*:567&amp;output-quality=80&amp;output-format=jpeg ) ( floorball is known as * innebandy * - indoor bandy in sweden ), 
  it 's true , however many swedes go directly to germany nowadays . 
  operation save denmark was actually given the go ahead , but the germans surrendered a week or so before d-day . 
  some 60 000 troops , and 6 000 vehicles were to be used in the invasion , they were all mobilized in scania at the time . 
  the attack would been on both zealand and bornholm . 
  the reason behind it all was to make sure the soviet would n't get to denmark first , especially bornholm was a bit in the danger zone . 
  the thing that stood out to me is that in order to get a license he needed to be sponsored ( whatever that 's supposed to mean ) by five engineers from the engineering board in oregon . 
  there 's probably nothing wrong with his degree , it 's just that it 's a swedish degree in electrical engineering . 
  also , consider the fact that the engineering board is funded by the state . 
  the state get 's money from printing out tickets to those who pass a red light ... 
  i do n't know what i expected . . 
  the questions feel very us-centric which made some of them rather tricky to answer in my opinion , [ results ] ( https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=65.9&amp;d=60.6&amp;g=62.7&amp;s=69.0 ), 
  most student work during the summer , either in their hometown ( living with their parents ) or where they study , living in their student apartment . 
  you actually end up in quite a lot of debt from your student loan . 
  for a degree in engineering ( five years ) 35 to 40k dollars is to be expected . 
  however the loan is n't really much of a burden in everyday life . 
  the interest is very low ( for 2017 it 's 0.34 % ) and you have a payback time of up to 25 years . 
  it wo n't affect your chances of being able to get a bank loan for buying a house or getting a credit card . 
  some work part time during the semester , i would n't say that 's very common though . 
  most work during the summer though , as you do n't get any student aid or loan during that time . 
  well , the current owner just order a new one ? 
  if the current owner has passed on a new one can still be ordered by it 's estate . 
  through the cars license plate you can find out who the current owner is , and also the 5 ( i think it is ) last owners of the car . 
  buying a car without title ( or without part 2 of the registration as it 's known here ) just does n't happen here ( unless you 're being fooled ) . 
  though question tbh . 
  smart people have been collecting queuing time in the city they wish to move ( most renters nowadays use a unified queue ) , so they will get * something * . 
  sub-letting a whole apartment ( renting in secondary ) is also quite common . 
  or they simply buy something . 
  of the people i know no one is sharing a flat with someone else against their primary will , nor is anyone living on the street . 
  some agree that they live in a less ideal place though . 
  well , `` the rent is too damn high '' . 
  the rent for an unfurnished 28sqm student apartment in the north is about $ 450 a month , including all sorts of utilities though . 
  then there 's food , books , beer , having some fun etc. 
  it really is n't that much money in sweden . 
  it very much depend on which city , and how central ( good area ) . 
  generally it 's a bit of a pain in the ass though since the swedish rent market is controlled , so you end up in a big queue . 
  of course there 's also the option to buy , however the market could very well be overheating at the moment . . 
  exactly, 
  well , you could argue that it 's money you 've earned during the rest of the year . 
  however it 's quite well thought out as you 're prone to spend more money when you have more time to spend money . . 
  either smaller apartments with kitchenettes and a real kitchen and a common room shared with other students . 
  or small apartments with a real kitchen and all other necessities . 
  student apartments range from about 22sqm to 60sqm . 
  general student aid is $ 293 per month , on top of that most take a student loan which is $ 737 per month ( tuition is free though ) . 
  depending on your situation you can also get financial help if your rent is high and you lack other forms of income . 
  this aid varies from 0 ( you ca n't get it ) to about $ 130 per month . 
  let 's say you have a monthly wage of sek 25 000 . 
  when you are on vacation you get at least 0.43 % of that , sek 107.5 , extra per day .
