  sweden is often cited as som sort of rape capital of the world . 
  which is all nonsense of course . 
  a broad definition of rape and the simple fact that people raped are pretty open about it and go to the police . 
  so all in all , it 's complete bullshit . 
  and it 's sad that people choose to believe in it . 
  ah , the volvo 240 , sweden 's most popular car ever ( i think , or is it the v70 now ? ) . 
  it is considered a large car over here , but large cars are the norm in sweden . 
  most common cars here are volvo v70/v90 , vw passats etc. 
  all in estate/wagon form due to practicality . 
  sweden has three levels of government , municipal , county and the riksdag ( parliament ) . 
  on election day there are actually three different election , and it 's not uncommon that people choose completely different partys for municipal , county and parliament . 
  the municipal is in control over a lot of things , including schools , elderly care , roads , utilities , building permits etc etc. 
  counties mainly controls healthcare and public transport ( the latter in conjunction with the municipal ) . 
  the parliament set the rules and make sure that healthcare , schools etc. 
  are up to a national standard . 
  parliament is also in control over pretty much everything else . 
  as for taxes , income tax is set by the municipal and the county . 
  so depending on where you live in the country your income tax may differ by up to 5 points . 
  when you reach a higher tax bracket you also pay income tax to the national government . 
  other taxes , such as vat , tax on alcohol etc. 
  always go to the national government . 
  laws are nationwide . 
  however , municipals have the possibility to make some regulations , including how long bars can be open in the night ( it 's also their job to make sure the bars follow all national laws regarding them ) , if you can drink in public etc. 
  sweden is definitely 18 + , 20 + if you want to buy alcohol at systembolaget ( 3,5 % abv and over ) . 
  bars are 18 + , but some places are as high as 25 + . 
  and you will be id-checked . 
  for sweden , the cost of a drivers license is at least 5500kr , about 590 euros . 
  that includes medical examination , check of criminal records , both hazard courses , theoretical test , practical driving test ( including borrowing a car for it ) and the manufacturing cost . 
  lessons are not required , but is reccomended . 
  a lesson typically cost about 500kr ( 55 eruos ) per 40 minuets . 
  however , in sweden you can also practice by `` yourself '' . 
  if you know someone who 's had a licence for at leas 5 years and is 24 years old or more you can have that person as an instructor , providing you take a quick course . 
  getting a drivers license is getting less common , especially in the bigger cities . 
  in the country-side however , you actually need a drivers license . 
  sweden is very sparsely populated and distances can be pretty long , especially in the north . 
  all drivers license in the european economic area ( eea ) are interchangeable and valid in all countries until it expires . 
  eea is th eu + iceland , lichtenstein and norway . 
   is n't there a rule like you should never have more than 10 \u00b0 c or something between inside and outside temperatures ? 
  i do n't remember if it 's 10 degrees or even less , but there is a recommendation . 
  however , that is just for when the outside temperature is higher than the inside temperature , of course . 
  yeah , when travelling to certain parts of the world i do sometimes wonder if they just do n't know how to operate the ac or just like sitting in 16 degrees and full blow . . 
  in my car for instance i like to keep the temperature around 20 degrees ( that 's 68 for you americans ) and use a low fan speed . 
  we live in a global world , with global distribution . 
  as for media being in english , sweden does n't have a history of dubbing except for movies aimed at children . 
  even so there has been increased showing of old cartoons ( especially old disney features ) with the original english soundtrack due to popular demand . 
  as for games , most games are translated into the bigger languages . 
  ans a surprising amount even into swedish , i think that many still use the original language though since it 's easy to lose parts of the story in translation . 
  many popular games are developed here in sweden by developers such as dice , paradox and mojang btw . 
  as a side note , british crime dramas are extremely popular here , for some odd reason . . 
  first you need to get a permit , for that you have to be medically fit and test your eye-sight . 
  if you have done certain crimes ( like under-age drinking or the likes ) you may have to wait some extra years to get a permit , otherwise you can get a permit from the age of 16 . 
  you need to take one theoretical class on what impacts being tired , on the phone etc. 
  there is also a big part on alcohol , what impacts it has on you and others in both short and long-terms . 
  you can get imprisoned from as low as 0.02 % bac in sweden . 
  you also have to take a practical test where you drive slalom , test braking and do evasive manoeuvres on slippery surfaces . 
  these tests are done both with and without stability control systems and abs . 
  the actual test is in two parts , first a theoretical test about traffic rules and risks . 
  then the practical driving test where you must drive safely and as environmentally friendly as possible . 
  you also get to do some special manoeuvres , like reversing around a corner . 
  the test can be taken from the day you turn 18 . 
  a normal drivers license is good for vehicles up to 3.5 tonnes , and you can tow a trailer with a loaded weight up to 750 kg ( total weight must still be under 3.5 tonnes ) . 
  if you want to tow a bigger trailer you need to get an extended license for that . 
  as a side-note , while you are learning to drive you can use your own vehicle and have someone who 's over 24 years of age and has had a drivers license for at least 5 years as an instructor , as long as he/she has done an introduction course . 
  private learners use a green '' \u00d6vningsk\u00d6r '' - sign , and traffic schools use a red sign . 
  born and raised in sweden ? 
  then you 're a swede , simple as that . 
  if you have immigrated from let 's say somalia , then you 're called a somalian . 
  it 's not really that difficult . 
  we do n't hit other cars here either , in fact parallel parking altogether is quite unusual ( it does exist though ) . 
  mostly we park in parking garages or parking lots . 
  if you do hit another car and just flee it 's indeed a hit and run . 
  ** about driving in sweden ** driving in sweden is pretty easy , for the most parts the roads are n't very congested and drivers are n't that aggressive . 
  however , there are expectations , mainly around stockholm . 
  mainly cab drivers drive like assholes in the stockholm area , and there can be some heavy congestions . 
  other things that makes driving a bit different here is the fact that there are a lot of animals in the vicinity of the roads . 
  deer , foxes , and moose are common and in the north there can be a lot of reindeer 's on the road , and they are stupid as ... 
  there are also a lot of [ 2 +1 roads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2%2b1_road ) which can cause some disruptions in the `` flow '' so to speak . 
  many people feel that people tend to speed up on the parts with two lanes and slow down on the one lane parts . 
  this is of course something that varies greatly between countries , and even professions . 
  but for sweden and engineering , there is practically nothing of what you described . 
  of course you need to show that you are the right person for a job and perform for a raise in salary or get a promotion . 
  but everyone is in the same boat and works as a team . 
  if you sabotage for your co-workers your own work will suffer , as will your company , then you might get sacked instead . . organisations in sweden are also very flat , there is basically no difference talking to your boss or talking to a fellow co-worker , your boss is a co-worker . 
  also meetings are a big thing here , and there are probably a few jokes about our meeting-culture among foreign professionals . 
  and last , but not least . 
  the fika-break is the most important thing of the day . 
  seriously , you are required to attend fika , no exceptions !, 
  yeah , you 're probably in for a bit of a shock ... edit : heck , even i , as a swede , get a bit of a culture shock when travelling to germany . 
  yeah , we do play it . 
  but it 's not an everyday-thing , more like a `` special event '' at a gathering . 
  and i 've never met another swede that have n't heard about kubb . 
  that sounds very fun !, 
  what size should the ball be , and is it thrown or kicked ? 
  because it 's just to much fun , and all done in good spirit . 
  but really , it 's a very fun game and can easily be mated with alcohol , which is another scandinavian staple for a good summers party . 
  one thing to think about as well . 
  if you were the one fleeing , you would probably do the same . 
  of course people flee to the countries were they suspect they have the greatest chance of a decent life . 
   rundbold is huge for schools . 
  from we start in kindergarden to we leave university , we play at least rundbold once a year .
