  what we really should ask is what the figures would be without the benefits ? 
  the differences could easily be explained by cultural differences , there 's a big difference between france and germany . 
  let 's put it this way then . 
  with the paid parental leave and child benefits you do n't risk your career as much , or have to loose a lot of income when taking care of your young child . 
  it is really a way for the government to `` bribe '' people into having a child . 
  because , just as you said , the richer a country is the less it 's people reproduce . 
  only at sit down restaurants where the food is served at the table , up to 10 % , or if you ar at a bar and get like 1 sek in change when paying cash . 
  i do n't know anyone who tips a taxi , hairdresser , coffee-place etc. 
  cold in the sense that we do n't talk about nonsense with random strangers , and that we can be very direct . 
  i value my time and personal space , and i know that you value yours . 
  but if someone asks for help , or looks like they need help with something , or if we are in a setting where it 's meant for us to interact we will do so . 
  also , when travelling we ( as everyone else is ) are just trying to have a great time , and will loosen up a bit depending on where we go . 
  when in rome etc. 
  well , there is a limit in that the fuses can only handle so much . 
  normally we have between 16a and 25a fuses over three phases . 
  meaning we can consume between 11 and 17kw simultaneously . 
  it is possible to have up to 63a fuses , but that 's most often not necessary . 
  the fixed price on your electricity bill change with the fuse , the bigger the fuse , the more costly the bill is going to be . 
  super easy . 
  there are a few different business types , most common is sole trader . 
  to become a sole trader all you really need to do is to apply for * f-skattesedel * ( company taxation ) , and register yourself as an employer . 
  at the swedish tax agency . 
  you do n't need to register your business at the companies registration office , or even have a name ( the company will use your personal name ) . 
  if you are going to sell stuff you probably need to apply for vat registration as well . 
  all of this is easily done online . 
  this site : https://www.verksamt.se/en/web/international/home which is put together by several governmental agencies is designed to help answer questions about any phase in running a company . 
  on a closing note , it really is popular to have your own business here , either as your main source of income or as a hobby . 
  in 2015 there were almost 1,2 million companies in sweden , which has a population of less than 10 million people . 
  subtitles , nothing except shows for children is dubbed here ( the disney dubs are pretty good though i have to say ) . 
  holy crap , just realised that this is also true for swedish , pronunciation differs though . 
  well , the norwegians were n't to happy about it and wanted to free themselves from it . 
  when they did there was a risk of an armed conflict , luckily it al got solved without it going that far . 
  the king abdicated as king of norway on october 26 1905 , the same date the swedish government officially recognized norway as an independent country . 
  not really though , sweden has never invaded finland . 
  finland became sweden at the same time the rest of the country was , in 1523 . 
  when we lost it to the russians in 1809 we invaded norway instead , and formed a swedish-norwegian union that existed until 1905 . 
  eastern sweden shall once again join the kingdom !, 
  donald duck all the way here . 
  * we are all blonde - no , but it is true that there are more blonde people in the nordic countries . 
  * cold and dark - there are four very distinct seasons , but even in the winter it does n't get very cold in southern sweden . 
  snow is not the norm . 
  * unfriendly , and/or very cold to each other - well , for an outsider it may seem so . 
  but it 's rather we value personal space and even mor importantly , we do n't value family as high as you do in many other parts of the world . 
  we move out from our parents as quickly as possible , on average at 19,6 years of age . 
  eu average is 26 . 
  * that we are suicidal - we actually have lower suicide rate than the us . 
  according to the swedish naming law : if the parents share their last name , the child will automatically be given this name . 
  if the parents do not share last name and is their first-born they may chose either the fathers or the mothers last name , or one of their previous last names , if they have changed due to marriage . 
  if you do n't apply for a name within three months the child will be given the mothers last name . 
  if the parents do n't share last name and the child is not their first-born the child will automatically be given the same last name as the first-born child . 
  these rules apply to swedish citizens , as well as to citizens of denmark , finland and norway ( living in sweden that is ) . 
  for citizens of other countries they may chose to follow the laws of their country . 
   every fast food restaurant being forced to use the unethical halal meat just to appease muslims . 
  tell me how halal is unethical . 
  note , i 'm not a muslim . 
  the whole document of the constitution of sweden ( pdf in english ) : http://www.riksdagen.se/en/syssiteassets/07.-dokument--lagar/the-constitution-of-sweden-160628.pdf/ basically the swedish constitution consists of four fundamental laws , these are : 1 . 
  the instrument of government  all public power in sweden proceeds from the people and the riksdag is the foremost representative of the people . 
  this is stated in the instrument of government - the fundamental law setting out the basic principles of our democracy . 
  the instrument of government describes how the country is to be governed , our democratic rights , and how public power is to be divided . 
  the act of succession  sweden is a monarchy and king carl xvi gustaf is sweden 's head of state . 
  it is set out in the instrument of government that we shall have a king or queen as head of state . 
  it is , however , the act of succession that contains the rules on who shall succeed to the throne . 
  the freedom of the press act  the freedom of the press is an important democratic right in sweden . 
  it means that you are free to publish books , journals and newspapers as you wish . 
  the public authorities have no right to examine or censor what you have written in advance . 
  the fundamental law on freedom of expression  in sweden , you have the right to have an opinion on anything and say almost anything you want . 
  you have the right to express yourself freely on the radio , tv and the internet . 
  the fundamental law on freedom of expression sets out these rights . 
  it also describes what is not permitted , for example defaming or publicly insulting another person . 
  * not stockholm * sweden * nordics * europe, 
  i think it is pretty good . 
  there are very strict rules to everything that has to do with animals . 
  this also includes animals brought up to be slaughtered for food . 
  antibiotics may only be used on a sick animal , not to artificially grow the animals faster . 
  the animals must also be anesthetized when they are slaughtered , banning some methods . 
  flip side of this is that swedish meat can get very expensive , more often than not twice as expensive as imported meat . 
  for me , your question seems a bit confused . 
  work ethic for me is to do what your ' e supposed to do while at work , not to live for your work . 
  most of us still have a great passion for what we do , but we also realise that the only way to keep this passion is to some times kick back and recharge the batteries . 
  life is so much more than work , life is to explore the world , life is to have time with your family , life is to have time for your personal interests . 
  so in a way the old saying `` live to work , or work to live '' is true . 
  fr\u00f6ken sverige ( miss sweden ) existed up until a couple of years ago . 
  i did some googling and found that it might return in the future , but with a different format . 
  i think most swedes think that such competitions are stupid and sexist/objectifying . 
  beauty pageant with children is seen with utter most disgust . 
  i 'm afraid we can play this game too . 
   divide students into groups based on student ability in each subject instead of having arbitrary chosen classes . 
  this happens in some schools already . 
  when i was in * h\u00f6gstadiet * we were divided into 4-5 different groups in maths , depending on how good we were . 
  depending on our progress we could be moved up or down between the groups . 
  otherwise i kind of agree with you . 
  we need more teachers , and teachers should have more control over their classes . 
   i do n't agree with you and am against any public education yes !, 
  keep the poor uneducated , that way we all benefit !, 
  my problem with it is that it 's way to generalizing , both about europe and the u.s. 
  the u.s has a population density of 35 people / km ^ 2 . 
  which is very low , germany has 227 people / km ^ 2 , poland 123 / km ^ 2 , hungary 105,9 / km ^ 2 . 
  but here 's were i might be a bit biased , sweden only has 21,5 people / km ^ 2 . 
  now , of course it depends on where people live as well , most people in sweden live in the south . 
  but to an extent the same comparison could be drawn to the u.s , most people live along the coasts .
