  both the pregnant and the partner can get counselling both before and after an abortion . 
  tbh sweden has often been used as a ( generally ) bad example in us politics . 
  i think eisenhower can be credited with the saying that swedes are very suicidal . 
  due to social policies of course . . 
  this guy apparently changed his last name to bildt in 2003 ( from tolling ) and left sweden in ~ ~ 2004 ~ ~ 1994 . 
  he now lives in japan . 
  neither the ministry of foreign affairs nor the swedish armed forces knows who he is ... 
  yes , i 'm not entirely sure how the rules were formulated before but it was easier . 
  in most cases you still need to be able to support your family financially though . 
  yeah , the new rules are very strict indeed . 
  you may only bring over your wife/husband ( if you 've been living together for two years ) and children under the age of 18 . 
  you may be able to support your family financially . 
  most of the asylum seekers are given the status of `` subsidary protection '' , their residency is only valid for 13 months at a time , and they ca n't apply for family reunion at all , except for in very special cases . 
  i 'm thinking more of foreign companies wanting to set up business in sweden . 
  people will buy their clothes from h&m in the future no matter what . . 
  reputation is however important when you 're a country that is heavily involved in foreign trade , and trying to get your voice heard in international politics . 
  the problem with unemployment comes mainly from the fact that the swedish labour market is extremely competitive and requires a skilled workforce . 
  starting wages are high and employers need to pay a 31 % payroll tax on top of the already high wage . 
  i think you 're actually agreeing , but in a very aggressive way . . 
  it 's not like you 're doing a good job at it anyway . . 
  yes , but the classical american dream is to be more well off than your parents ( social mobility ) , buy a home , get an education etc. 
  the truth is that all this is much more achievable in any of the nordic countries today . 
  sure , if your very well off on the us you will be richer , but if you start out poor you are more likely to stay poor . 
   of course there is a divide when we have so much space compared to sweden . 
  sweden has a much lower population density than the us . 
  22.24 persons/sqkm vs. 33 persons/sqkm . 
  [ hi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gy_bayzdvs ), 
  since 1971 there is no such thing as a city in sweden . 
  but kiruna city was 14 136,75 km ^ 2, 
  kiruna is actually larger than slovenia , bit of a difference in population though . 
  slovenia : 2 million , kiruna : 23k, 
  kiruna is still bigger , 20 551.42 km ^ 2, 
  9 % in sweden , though it should be added that 11 % use [ snus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snus ) daily , which is illegal to sell in the rest of eu . 
  while i agree that the wording of a law is important , i 'm not sure that the lithuanian text above is the actual law text . 
  lithuanian law is of course written in lithuanian , and things can get lost in translation . 
  the swedish law i 've cited is also translated from swedish , but since it 's cited so often ( being the first of it 's kind ) the translation is of good quality . 
  you 've got to be trolling me , but in case you 're not . 
  here 's what the article says about the lithuanian law : `` the amendments define all types of violence against children , including physical , psychological , sexual and negligence . '', 
  and `` according to the law , `` all forms of violence against children , including corporal punishments , are banned '' , and parents and other legal guardians of a child , as well as the state , must ensure the protection of children . '', 
  and the lets see the swedish law : `` children are entitled to care , security and a good upbringing . 
  children are to be treated with respect for their person and individuality and may not be subjected to corporal punishment or any other humiliating treatment . '', 
  also , these laws are not for putting parents in jail . 
  it 's about public opinion and clearly stating what is right , and what 's not . 
  and you just do n't want to see the whole picture . 
  the full answer to your question is that there 's no easy answer to it , there 's no law stating specifically `` you ca n't pick someone up and carry them somewhere and not do anything else '' . 
  i might be a case of `` egenm\u00e4ktigt f\u00f6rfarande '' ( arbitrary decision ) , but that 's something that has to be decided in court and case to case . 
  this could probably apply for a child as well , but it has n't been tested in court . 
  remember that we do n't use common law here . 
  instead , try to focus on the more important things . 
  corporal punishment is barbaric and inefficient . 
  instead of me writing novels on reddit i would recommend you to read through these links , as you clearly do n't understand the swedish law . 
  http://www.endcorporalpunishment.org/progress/prohibiting-states/sweden.html http://edition.cnn.com/2011/11/09/world/sweden-punishment-ban/ https://vimeo.com/113367327, 
  separate them without violence ? 
   you did n't answer the question , can you pick your wife and carry her against her will into her room and not lock the door ? 
  i thought the question was so stupid that i did n't bother to answer . 
  of course not . 
  it should also be noted that the swedish law does not carry any penalties . 
  instead you might get prosecuted under the regular assault law if you hit your children . 
  but most of the time the best cure is support to the families , often in the form of education . 
  of course not , can you lock anyone in against their will in the us ? 
  a swedish dad this this and he was sentenced with fines . 
  you can pick your child up and carry him/her to their room , but not lock the door . 
  in that case it 's bye bye for us . 
  we banned it in 1979 , it works great thank you . 
  the basic idea is that if you ca n't do something to an adult , you ca n't do it to a child . 
  some countries allow for beating of wives as a form of discipline , it 's the same thing and it 's ugly . 
  that 's really great news !, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=sweden&amp;displaycurrency=eur ) is fairly accurate i would say . 
  if anyone is interested : minimum wage for a restaurant worker with no experience and a member of the restaurant workers union working for a company that has signed a collective agreement is $ 12.56 / h or $ 2173/month , + extra for uncomfortable hours . 
  this would apply to someone 20 years or older without any experience starting at mcdonalds . 
  if you are younger than 20 years you get paid less . 
  this is the base level agreement ( and just for restaurant workers ) , there may be extras on top of this . 
  sweden had this odd thing where we drove on the left in left-hand drive cars . 
  it also made sense switching sides since we have land boarders with countries that drove on the right , which the uk does n't . 
  but the nuclear referendum only had three no-alternatives . . 
  norway has the topography of an egg carton . 
  simplistic , light , and yet not boring . 
  well done !, 
  but the health care is always in a crisis . 
  https://vardenisiffror.se the quality of care is actually increasing , but there are big differences between counties . 
  it is true that we are missing nurses and that there 's been problems in stockolms ers recently . 
  just an anecdote , but i actually called to book an appointment with the primary care yesterday after lunch , went to see the doctor today before lunch . 
  all is not `` on fire '' . 
  average handling time for the 112 000 applications handled in 2016 was 328 days . 
  probably both , but sweden do have a much higher fertility rate than austria . 
  yes , hence the lack of population . 
  we have a real problem with depopulation of the countryside , especially in the north . 
  unfortunately the politicians are n't helping at all . . 
  money . 
  many young swedes go to norway and work a year or two , then they come back . 
  nordic citizens have a right to live in any nordic country they see fit . 
  the laws are more lax than for other eu citizens . 
  is n't part of the problem up north the lack of population and great distances ? 
  ( along with moronic county politicians of course ... ) stockholm has had an er crisis lately , which has a lot to do with moronic politicians , again . . 
  you are making a false assumption here . 
  in order to be counted in the scb data you need a residence permit for at least 12 months . 
  last year 60 % of all applications were granted , 60 % is historically high , but it 's only because of syria . 
  only 28 % of the applications from afghanistan were accepted , 17 % of those from iraq . 
  most of the granted asylums are not given refugee status ( nowadays 3 years residency ) , but rather alternative protection needs , which nowadays equals 13 months residency . 
  after that the case is tried again .
