the actual toll looks pretty much the same here : http://www.husbilhusvagn.se/sites/husbilhusvagn.se/files/styles/medium/public/images/2015/02/nyheter-biltull-johanneshovsbr_montage.jpg?itok=hlhva72i most people get the invoice electronically as well , you just need to accept the withdrawal from your account , which can be done with one simple click through your phone . 
  no chip needed . 
  which sort of was the point trying to be made . 
  those jobs simply do n't exist here , hence it will be hard for immigrants or low educated people to get a job . 
  they still do in the us though . 
  baggers at grocery stores , manned booths on road tolls and generally more people working at restaurants , hotels etc. 
  here , you bag your groceries yourself , or even better scan and bag the groceries themselves in the store and just check out at the exit . 
  that way one or two persons can be used for 6-10 checkouts at once . 
  road tolls are just a camera registering your license plate . 
  the authorities will send you an invoice later . 
  ica master race !, 
  but seriously , lidl has pretty bad reputation here in sweden , it 's more popular amongst immigrants though . 
  i think it might have something to do with that swedes in general wants to buy food produced in sweden . 
  no , the driver was unloading at the time , he is very shaken reports say . 
  most immigrants live where the fertility rate is the lowest ... 
  and the reason for that is because it 's already so well rooted as the national anthem in the swedish soul . 
  the committee on constitution feel it would be wrong for the government to make formal decisions in the matter . 
  the swedish constitution explicitly forbids ministerial rule . 
  so in this case the government makes the laws , but the agencies interpret the laws on their own , and operate from this interpretation . 
  sometimes the laws are not clear enough and the agencies do things that was n't really expected , nor the plan . 
  but the minister in charge can not `` just fix it '' , they need to change the law first . 
  only sweden and finland has this split of agencies and government , and it roots back to the 1600s, 
  sweden can not into germanic world . . 
  the motto changes with each monarch . 
  '' * i tiden * '' refers to being current , up to date . 
  we usually say something `` ligger i tiden '' when it 's something that is expected in current times . 
  for example , a company being on social media `` ligger i tiden '' . 
  hopefully that could clear it up a bit . 
  a better translation would be `` for sweden - with the times '', 
  it was snowing today . . 
   nah , long before 1814 sweden invaded and took various pieces of norway that you either kept ( bohusl\u00e4n , j\u00e4mtland , h\u00e4rjedalen ) or returned ( tr\u00f8ndelag ) the swedification of j\u00e4mtland was brutal from what i 've read . 
  oh , yes i was only talking about the more recent events . 
  these examples are from the 1600s when we were at war pretty much all the time . 
  j\u00e4mtland and h\u00e4rjedalen came with the peace in 1645 , after a war that sweden started . 
  the main reason for that war was to not be locked in by denmark-norway and to avoid the danish tolls in \u00d6resund ( we were also given gotland and halland on a 30 year loan ) . 
  bohusl\u00e4n came after the peace in 1658 , when the danish king attacked sweden when we were at war elsewhere . . 
  the history of finland is far more complicated . 
  in one way we can say it was settled by swedes and it is correct , but remember that this started already around year 1200 . 
  sweden was n't even a country in the sense that we mean today back then . 
  with the same reasoning most of norrland is a colony , even today . 
  `` in politics and history , a colony is a territory under the immediate political control of a state , distinct from the home territory of the sovereign . '', 
  sweden had colonies mainly on the gold coast and in the delaware area . 
  we forced norway into a personal union under the swedish king , norway was still pretty much a country with it 's own laws , parliament etc. 
  only the king was swedish and foreign affairs were done through stockholm . 
  it all was a compromise between sweden , denmark and norway . 
  the danish king basically gave away norway in exchange for swedish pommerania and some money , sweden wanted norway to become an integral part of sweden , while norway wanted to be independent . 
  finland was an integral part of sweden from the 1500s , we had the same laws , same everything really . 
  turku was the second largest city in sweden . 
  some finns apparently hate sweden today due to the swedish heritage , most of the swedish speaking population lived near the coast and was richer than the finnish speaking . 
  but a finnish speaking farmer had the exact same rights as a swedish speaking farmer . 
  i 'm all for nordic banter , it 's fun and all . 
  but do n't spread complete bullshit lies . 
   with that kind of cost you 'd think it would be beneficial to ban the whole thing altogether , no ? 
  costs like violence ( put strain on the police , courts etc. 
  ) , damage to property , hospitalization , people unable to work etc. 
  sure , but it 's to deep-rooted in culture that you ca n't really ban it , unlike let 's say cannabis which just recently ( in the grand scheme of things ) has become available here . 
   you do n't think that the forbidden fruit aspect is one of the main points why the current drinking culture is so focused on binge drinking ? 
  for sweden , not really . 
  in the olden days we drank a lot spirits than we do now . 
  sweden is actually mostly a wine-country nowadays , so we are moving into a more southerly way of drinking , but there are still many who binge drink on weekends . 
  what you forget is that no one was equal back then . 
  farmers were farmers , nobility was nobility , priests priests etc. 
  the law was the same , regardless if the farmer lived in today 's sweden or finland . 
   alcoholics also save money by dying young , which means the state wo n't need to pay them pensions or take care of them in old age . 
  i 'd bet the net effect is therefore zero . 
  uhm , no ... 
  adults tend to work , people who work pay income taxes , they also have money to buy stuff , which generate taxes etc. 
  alcohol on the other hand causes violence , diseases , people staying home from work etc. 
  i personally do like to drink a few beers , a whisky or a glass of wine time to time , but i know that it really is n't good for mer or society . 
   but systembolaget does n't really stop it . 
  all it does is make it more expensive and creates a cash cow for the government . 
  you can still use tricks like importing alcohol from other eu countries or getting drunk on the cheapest vodka . 
  if something is more expensive , less people will buy it . 
  systembolagets objective is n't to stop consumption , but to lower the risks . 
  that 's why they have a very wide selection , very good costumer service and arrange wine tastings etc. 
  sure , you can import from other countries . 
  the most common thing is to go to denmark or germany , but that 's only viable so many times a year and not at all for all the people who live far away from those borders . 
  also , `` everyone '' knows that the cheapest vodka is just bad value in sweden . 
  if you just want to get as much alcohol for as little money possible it 's wine you 're supposed to buy . . 
  alcohol causes damage up to 158 billion euros per year in the eu , it probably does cause harm in the czech republic as well . 
  nordic drinking culture pretty disastrous , yes . 
  on the whole , we drink a bit less per year than the eu average . 
  this is mostly due to the fact that we drink on fewer occasions , mostly weekends and public holidays . 
  but when we do drink , it 's all in binge drinking . 
  everyone ( almost ) know it 's bad , but it 's hard coded into our culture , hence we still need to have something to control our behaviour , systembolaget . 
  lol , finnish was equal to swedish . 
  you could have all contact with the government in finnish if you wanted , the fact is as long as you paid your taxes and fulfilled your duties it really did n't matter what language you spoke in the old sweden . 
  russia tried to incorporate finland into russia , but failed since finland already was more developed than russia . 
  yes , but it 's the same for all alcohol sold in sweden ( bars and restaurants as well ) . 
  without systembolaget , the prices would probably be higher due to our taxes . 
  edit : alcohol is alos the cause for many costly problems in the society , so really it 's a loss , not a profit . 
  suck it , denmark . 
  sweden , 1 . 
  anyone 2 . 
  before the end of week 18 . 
  can be extended to the end of week 22 by the national board of health and welfare under special circumstances ( the one pregnant is of very young age , has problem with alcohol/other drugs etc ) . 
  after that it may happen if the pregnancy is a threatening the life of the one pregnant . 
  it 's the same as a normal doctors visit . 
  so about 100-300 sek in regular patient fee , rest is financed by taxes . 
  no , the partner has no say in it .
