  it also does n't matter ( practically ) whether you 're uploading or not . 
  third parties just monitor torrent swarms and get the ip of everyone in it . 
  it does n't matter whether you 're uploading with 3kb/s or 15mb/s . 
  popcorn time is not your regular streaming site . 
  it 's actually a bittorrent client with an included media player . 
  the moment you start watching something ( downloading ) , you 're also sharing back . 
  but anyway , i doubt the police would send that kind of a fine to anyone . 
  she was probably scammed by a 3rd party . 
  they swindle you into paying a fine you do n't have to , hoping you wo n't force them a court case they ca n't win . 
   and lack of stress . 
  no joke . 
  that 's why all mid-40s women who never married or had children look like they just graduated from college . 
  them and slavic women in general . 
  we ruined him . 
  ask him back . 
  e : - misunderstood the point you were trying to make , but in general , yes , agreed \u2193 \u2193 \u2193 -, 
  we do n't respect our fellow citizens or public space in general . 
  probably why our cities are nasty dumps , while at the same time the average greek housewife wo n't tolerate a layer of dust in her furniture . 
  i do n't think greeks are mentally advanced enough to realize that public space is also * their * space . 
  they view public space rules as some sort of foreign oppressing rules , not just something they should do to make their life and city a bit prettier . 
  we 're second-rate citizens in our cities . 
  funny how people only doubt the reliability of these maps once something in them opposes their personal worldview . 
  and to think this is a study by the who . 
  i 've seen reddit happily embrace the info found on maps that cites a lot more dubious sources than the who . 
   leftwing politics ahahah the left-wing greece of egalitarianism , unemployment benefits , wealth redistribution and financial measures that were not dictated by other members of the eurozone for the past 7 years ? 
  are you dimwitted ? 
   you do n't count i 'd tell you to take that back and fight me irl , but most of georgia 's medals are in wrestling and judo so nvm edit : damn, 
  not close to the glory of atlanta , sydney or athens , but good enough for me and a major improvement compared to london . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.medalspercapita.com/#medals-by-team-size:2016 ) i guess, 
  you 're right in that host countries tend to do better due to the number of athletes participating alone but they 've been doing fine [ since atlanta ' 96 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brazil_at_the_olympics ) . 
  in the past two olympic games , brazil had won 16 medals ( 2008 ) and 17 medals ( 2012 ) . 
  in rio they got 18 medals , so there 's no reason to believe they 'll do much worse just because it wo n't be the host country . 
  do you recall any other olympic games where shitflinging and condemning by the media got to the point that the whole western world got riled up , finger-pointing and blaming the host nation even before the event started ? 
  did n't know i had to find the * exact same * problem with booing in another olympics to prove the point that problems and mistakes were made in every single olympic games in history ... yet the media is giving shit to brazil as if it 's the only remorseless offender ever . 
  yet i 'm the one who linked a list of various incidents in many olympic games and you the one who mentioned the falling camera which could 've resulted in a death . 
  funny how i did n't focus on the incidents most agreeable with your bias . 
  it sure as hell did n't cause 1 fatality and 111 injured . 
  maybe the 2024 olympics should be hosted in france , germany or the us . 
  they 're known to be the very models of safety nowadays . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olympic_games_scandals_and_controversies hot damn , referee fuckups , doping scandals , racist gestures , a site * bombing * with 1 dead and 111 injuries ... but woah , a maintenance worker made a mistake that turned the pool green . 
  reddit 's herd mentality is amazing . 
  after all the uproar and anger over brazil hosting the olympics , the disappointed reddit crowd saw no pools drying , no stadiums collapsing , no sport 's field subsiding , no great catastrophe to justify their moronic anger . 
  so what they resorted to was renaud lavillenie 's story , and then kept on circlejerking about the 2014 world cup semi-final . 
  do you imbeciles realize that you 're even worse than the brazilian fans ? 
  a conveniently opportune , well-timed rise in reports of racist attacks in the uk begun right after the brexit vote , then quickly disappeared when the great media storytellers had nothing to gain from it . 
  but i 'm sure the integrity of today 's journalists would n't allow them to cherry-pick incidents , and they would 've reported on all racist attacks in europe at the time ^ ^ / s, 
  do n't mean to go full circlejerk , but [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/nklsj6a3dmu?t=6m43s ) something relevant to both your country and mine . 
  to be fair , if you were to trust reddit with these things , nowhere is safe outside a redditor 's personal dwelling . 
  maybe the poster you linked to truly had an awful time there , but the 4k people who upvoted it might as well be americans who never left their country , and allow their bias/spite decide which comment will be on top . 
  i 'm not sure why this fact keeps being parroted anyway . 
  we can keep circlejerking about it all we want , it does n't mean we wo n't have to deal with the issues at hand all the same . 
  so how 's that ? 
  i mean , i do n't understand what the average man does during a -45 \u00b0 c ( or even a -30 \u00b0 c ) day . 
  does he crawl to the fireplace and spend his whole day there in a half-conscious state , or is it actually possible to go about doing everyday stuff ? 
  this may be a somewhat off-putting thing to say , but i 'm suspecting that these people are n't afraid of an imminent terrorist attack , they * wish * for a terrorist attack . 
  people in the first world may be genuinely concerned about their safety , but more than anything they 're looking for something to happen that 'll break their miserable routine . 
  ( as long as they 're watching from a safe distance ), 
  if european politics have taught us anything , it 's `` always stockpile popcorn for the summer '' . 
  trying to make a point using social media shitposts is a new low , even for / r/europe . 
  yes , twitter and facebook are cesspools and every other moron 's hideout , who would 've thought . 
  it should n't matter what my flair is . 
  no one in this subreddit is the personification of a whole country you twit . 
  brexit is the [ dance of zalongo ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dance_of_zalongo#history ), 
  the remain camp had the most sound , substantiated arguments in its arsenal . 
  thankfully for ( and just like ) the leave camp , they decided to manipulate public opinion with fear-mongering instead and proved they 're shit-stains as well . 
  probably made people angry and had the opposite of the desired effect . 
  then you 'd need another commission that supervises the integrity of the ministry of truth , then another commission that oversees the supervising commission , then maybe a council of intergalactic aliens who 've evolved to the point mortal afflictions such as greed or corruption have no control over them . 
  i remember how yesterday 's story was that both english and russian fans were to blame , locals too . 
  but if we keep progressively spinning this story , we can come to a point where the russian gov ' t actually contaminated the water and that 's why everyone 's been acting violently . 
  if you wish to pass judgement , do it in a just and unbiased manner , do n't bullshit us with lines such as `` russia fans appeared to rush at england supporters '' and '' [ the russians ] were well prepared for ultra-rapid , ultra-violent action '' while english fans dindu nothin ' . 
  the ` later ' part could very well extend beyond your ( our ) lifetime . 
  if not , and if you 're 18-25 , the crisis will almost certainly last until you 're middle-aged ( 45 + ) . 
  you do n't want to waste your life in a place like that ... 
  everyone knows greeks and has an expert hot opinion on them nowadays . 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  do n't mean to offend any americans , but the kennedys give me the creeps . 
  talking about rosemary and what she was subjected to by her father , and that other kennedy 's car crash in which he left the scene of an accident and did n't report it until the next morning . 
  what the hell ... 
  assuming many early 20s & middle class people will read this : go to as many places as your time and energy can afford , and do it now when you 're still young . 
  forget about no-go zones and media shitposts . 
  a 7-day visit to a foreign land will be a much better eye-opener than any biased opinionated article on punditnews.com, 
   will avoid the beaches how does that even make sense ? 
  are you representing the average british tabloid ? 
  by your logic , it would make far more sense to avoid crowded areas in london , berlin , amsterdam or paris . 
  i 'm not sure how it started . 
  perhaps rotting christ 's early albums triggered it , which were also well-received in the norwegian bm scene and swedish dm scene in the early 90s . 
  ( though i 'm sure greeks listened to thrash in the 80s . 
  maybe because many metal bands ( from heavy and thrash to black ) always toured greece as well , and we just happened to like it . 
  i 'm too young to remember the 90s , but as late as 2006-7 id see * so many * teenagers/early 20s guys with long hair and mayhem/bathory/slayer / sodom t-shirts in thessaloniki . 
  everyone i knew was either in an amateur metal/rock band or knew someone who was in one . 
  and since you 're czech remember to listen to master 's hammer if you have n't already . 
  back in high school when i was really into the genre , i 'd put ritual in my top 10s . 
  * written from : the comfort and safety of your home . 
  * yes , i tend to agree with it ( especially your first paragraph ) , but everyone can be brave with the greatest ideals ( especially western kids ) , when it 's not him who has to make the decision : fight or flee . 
   honestly think no , you probably do n't . 
  do you actually believe a country with ~ 5 % muslim population , a good economy , a more than decent education system and the ability to provide a very high standard of living to its citizens is `` lost '' ? 
  or are you simply living up to media hype and internet memes ? 
  cyprus aside , i do n't think any of them feel like that . 
  to give you an example of extreme cases in europe ( greece ) : according to [ this site ] ( http://www.meteoclub.gr/themata/nea/1468-rekor-thermokrasias ) , temperatures up to 48.7 \u00b0 c were recorded in attica in ' 77 , and 47 \u00b0 c in 2007 .
