the political alignments do n't exist anymore but they definitely left their strong mark culturally , socially and economically . 
  that 's where the divide comes from and why it 's still felt today . 
  also the fact that most of the east is slavic or had a strong slavic influence is another factor . 
  in italy for example anyone east of germany/italy is dubbed as `` people from the east '' . 
  `` central '' europe basically stopped existing after wwii . 
  a west/east divide with no centre better represents the countries ' alignments . 
  just like you have a north/south divide within the eu . 
  now , if you wan na talk pure geography that 's another story . 
   because one region does not equate italy probably yeah but the title says regions of italy already and not just italy . 
  i was curious about what his remark meant and i do n't understand why he got downvoted so badly . 
  well , not that it 's important though . 
  why the quotation marks ? 
  not at the moment . 
  i think that wealth tax is called `` patrimoniale '' in italy and we used to have one but not anymore . 
   look at mine sierra leone ... ? 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't handle the banter . 
  many other countries are often the butt of the joke , so one 's singled out really . 
   what happened to the spirit of europe ? 
  why are we letting lousy politicians and their political errors divide us , the peoples of europe ? 
  and i also remind you that this is the internet , so there 's no need for all this drama . 
  til anyone who has red hair is irish . 
   that 's definitely a point where the eu should work together and show some strength . 
  where there 's a will there 's a way . 
  unfortunately no sign of such will in the eu ranks . 
  exactly . 
  it took us centuries , blood , political and cultural reforms . 
  but somehow everyone expects that muslims who are moving to europe en masse right now will be magically bathed in enlightenment and change their ways with a snap of a finger . 
  we are dealing with * this * islam right now . 
  if or when they will water down their religiousness like we did is n't any of our concerns . 
  looks like we uprooted it before it could even sprout . 
  how bout dat ? 
  we had vladimir luxuria ( a male to female transgender ) in our parliament long ago . 
  and i do n't know if most of the greener countries in the map can say the same . 
   wilders is losing votes actually , he went from 14,5 % 7 days ago to 14,3 % today . 
  1 granted that polls have a margin of error ( maybe 1-2 % ) a change of 0,2 is statistically irrelevant . 
   it 's not a thing here . 
  it was mostly scandal in a few western countries . 
  it did n't blow up in poland like it did in the us , but the people who call the shots are in the vatican and they handle the matter the same way all around the world if they can get away with it . 
  scandal is n't good that 's why they keep it down . 
  you seem to miss the point . 
  it 's not like they encourage the pedo , but when it happens they actively try to avoid prosecution for the abuser and silence the victim . 
  that 's the company 's protocol which works more efficiently in historical catholic countries than in the us . 
  so it 's not a problem of the `` western degenerate countries '' only  just look at what happened last week with the worldwide catholic commission against paedophilia made by francis . 
  one of the members ( a grown up abuse victim ) resigned because she gave up on it . 
  too much resistance from the clergy . 
  you might think poland is the holy exception to this organized mess but you 'd be wrong . 
  if you 're lowkey youngish pedo ( like every pedo is ) you 'll get in . 
  and the church is a magnet for pedo . 
  the real issue is how the church reacts when they get a claim against one of their own . 
  they still try to sweep the dirt under the rug and settle it by moving the priest somewhere else without alerting the authorities if they can get away with it . 
  i 'd like to think they do n't act like this in poland but considering it 's the same company high up i highly doubt it . 
  nope . 
  what 's the pun with the name adam inkazzo ? 
  because it 's a straight up italian word so it ca n't be it . 
  but we call you people `` tedeschi '' from theodiskus , same source as deutch and the like . 
   also , in germany , the stereotype is that r turns into l. yep , in italy as well . 
  and i think it has to do with the fact that we equate asian speech to the chinese language . 
  also , i ca n't find my remote . 
  pls send halp . 
  subpar ingredients can only yield subpar dishes , no matter the nationality of the recipe . 
  preference is something else entirely , though . 
   but balkan sprachbund made two pairs indistinguishable . 
  well if they are indistinguishable in every instance they have in fact merged to 3 . 
  that 's what ultimately killed the case system in the rest of the romance languages . 
  all i can say about the english is that dey need to wash dey ass . 
  in italian . 
  slavic languages seem so alien and outlandish to me but sometimes there are native words that are strikingly similar to their romance/germanic counterparts and it all clicks for me . 
   as for the onomatopoeic sound , i am not sure what language do the turkeys speak in other countries but at leas where i am from , they do n't `` say '' truthuhn , but `` glu-glu-glu '' . 
  the onomatopoeic part is only `` trut '' not `` huhn '' . 
  i did n't say we are the same as japan . 
  you 're implying you need to be exaclty like japan to still grow with a debt . 
  we used to do it before the crisis , which is demonstration that we were able to do it . 
  look at japan . 
   for the uk i am very certain that it is best to be out of both . 
  absolutely . 
  a lot of europeans are bitter about the uk leaving , but honestly the uk was n't cut out for this project on various levels . 
  personally i think the uk 's place is with the anglosphere and outside of a federal superstate such as the one the eu is setting out to be in the not so distant future . 
   looking at the comments below the line really makes me question italy 's future in the eurozone . 
  people are angry as hell . 
  yep . 
  northern europe is asking us to be pristine with our financs and just suck it up for the time being . 
  but people are fed up and ca n't take it any longer which will probably result in them going for those parties that intend to cut some slack when it comes to eu regulations and euro itself , in order to increase the spending for investments . 
  yep , a serious contender for the this year 's elections has already called out for a referendum on the euro . 
  if france falls next up is italy . 
  but at that point the union would be already done for . 
  either way we go it does n't bode well for my country . 
  i envy those who are so certain about their stance on the eu/euro debate because i just see dark times ahead down both paths . 
   i do n't think the current rules are the reason for the italy 's economic problems i 'm not saying that . 
  it was due to poor political reforms or lack thereof in the years before the crisis and then the crisis hit . 
  what i 'm saying is that the euro and eu rules prevent us from accessing the tools to relieve the situation and maybe also doing something about it instead of straight up ignoring it and hoping it goes away on its own . 
   absolutely , and i am willing to go quite far to help out . 
  so we 're not really asking for anyone 's help . 
  we have a different view on policy and currency , which is based on our own insterest just like your policies are based on yours . 
  i perfectly understand northern europe 's point of view . 
  it 's legit . 
  but maybe , just maybe , what 's financially good for you it 's not for us at this point in time . 
  we 've been stagnating for many years , and the industrial might once had has been crushed . 
  and even though the north i do n't think that will be enough to get us back on track before this whole situation will have done great damage for quite some time . 
  money into the whole of italy and especially the south , but yes . 
  even the most pro-eu parties rally on how this kind of eu is a no-go for italy because it wo n't let us access the right tools to finally get out of the financial crisis and start growing again .
