  but they want to change things by working from the inside because they see the union as our country 's end goal , even as a * closer union * . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  no ones complaining about being net contributors to the eu . 
  the point is being able to break the european fiscal compact to invest our own money back into italy but the eu says `` no , just struggle through the hard times because you got debt so you ca n't spend '' . 
  at the same time northern italy is managing to grow despite the dead weight that is southern italy which keeps plunging harder and harder , greek style . 
  at this point a lot of people in italy are wondering whether this state of things is the best for our country or other solutions might be better . 
  edit : grammar, 
  she 's probably tested the electorate and seen that dropping the death penalty could grant her significantly more new voters who were hung up before than than those she would lose . 
  every bit counts . 
  nope . 
  this is highly speculative . 
  no one really knows how we 're gon na fare in the future either way . 
  ( be it with or without euro/eu to some degree ) . 
  there 's educated people on both sides that make valid predictions , but still predictions . 
  if available data can be interpreted in such polar ways , we have to admit there 's quite the chance that the `` other guys '' might be right instead . 
  i 'd let go of that much certainty you have there . 
  yep a couple years ago i would have been excited by this kind of rhetoric but now i understand it 's just smoke in the eyes . 
  it 's never gon na happen . 
  at this point we might as well be done with eu ( or euro at least ) and move on . 
  just shush , darling . 
  we made you . 
  it 's an issue that affects any country taking in migrants not just mediterranean ones . 
  even italy alone could jeopardize tunisian economy if they put taxes on their goods , like olive oil . 
  it does n't even need to be on eu scale and could be done unilaterally . 
  the head of states or whatever.i 'm not trying to put the blame on this o that person . 
  i 'm just telling you that there are tools to force other countries to do things they do n't feel like doing and our own countries deliberately decided to not implement them in regards to immigration while they with russia . 
   i wonder what 's your solution to the problem when the north african countries do n't accept them back there 's countless tools for when they refuse to . 
  look at the sanctions we gave russia for crimea as eu . 
  or you know even cut off any aids we might give them . 
  apparently no one high up thought of that when we had to deal with a more imminent danger looming over our own citizens . 
  maybe yes . 
  but they do n't have any practical need to do so . 
  they can just live in london and pretend it 's baghdad , multiculturalism in a nutshell . 
   you have to assimilate and act ` european ' but why ** should ** they ? 
  should they look at our freedom and culture and automatically recognise that it 's better ? 
  it took us centuries to get to where we are now and somehow we expected islam to just be bathed in our `` divine '' enlightenment by proxy . 
  it was predictable it would end like this . 
  and they 'll keep sinking if their only response is being sad , do nothing or even worse say that we kinda deserve it because imperialism ( as they sometimes do in italy ) . 
  yeah because 2015 was soooo tame . 
   now when it 's germany too and not just france , which has had many military interventions in muslim nations you still believe this fairy tale ? 
  that kind of blind evil has spread throughout the middle east itself and we 've seen them send 8 year old girls to blow themselves up . 
  everything 's `` fair '' game at this point . 
  why 's `` citt\u00e0 ideale '' written in italian ? 
  it puzzles me . 
  personally i think western europe had a clear policy to promote multiculturalism as it is an essential part of globalisation . 
  both centre right and centre left parties throughout the continent were on board with this . 
  and now right wing and left wing populist parties have eventually come to collect the results . 
   a lot of segregation or assimilation , actually . 
  which is also in part due to the immigrant cultures ' will . 
  complete integration and dropping your heritage are mutually exclusive . 
  at the same time we do n't see chinese immigrants , for instance , snapping and killing people left and right around the world . 
   does that say `` smoking inverts the penis '' on the packaging ? 
  no , that would be `` il fumo inverte il pene '' in case you ever need to use this sentence . 
  nope . 
  not expensive at all if you can avoid tourist traps or places called `` billionaire '' . 
  this was going to be a vote on him no matter what he would have said honestly . 
  he knew that and went all in . 
  no other chance really . 
  as if you had been around a sizeable amount of 117 year old people to determine whether someone looks great at that age or not . 
  because with italy it 's made in response to people who mistakenly think italy is n't a net contributor ( and italy is happy to be one ) . 
  while with the uk it was just about not wanting to give more money away than what the uk was getting , hence brexit . 
  they actually meant dentistland . 
  nope you 're wrong . 
  if we were on game of thrones the house of italy 's motto would be `` everything changes to stay the same '' . 
  the fact that they are collaborating has been proven several times already by more than one journalistic outlet on italian tvs with video proof . 
  smugglers have cell phone numbers of ong 's representatives who then know exactly where the migrants will be dropped off just beyond the lybian coast . 
  however this is n't breaking the italian law in any way . 
  it would be a crime only if a monetary gain for the ngo 's was involved . 
  http://www.ptinews.com/news/8657597_italian-fm-backs-prosecutor-on-ngo-migrant-row.html this is one of the first links in english i found by typing zuccaro on google news . 
  it was one of the biggest pieces of news in italy this week with lots of prominent italian political figures commenting on it , and trying to spin it one way or another depending on the party . 
  the csm , the supreme counsil of the magistrates . 
  edit : spelling, 
  yes . 
  that 's the reason why . 
  he had knowledge of three ngo 's getting paid by traffickers but could n't formalise an accusation because the evidence was gathered by italian secret services through unrelated investigations and thus could n't be admitted in a court . 
  then he urged politicians to do something about it , while he would keep investigating . 
  that 's when the csm got in with the audit . 
  an italian public prosecutor ( zuccaro ) has brought this up these past few days and he 's being audited by the higher judicial institutions ... do with that what you will . 
  i 'm saying that all the other candidates ' supporters will mostly be drawn to le pen 's rival at the second ballot no matter who that rival is . 
  so no presidency for her . 
  but hey my prediction could be wrong . 
  this is not an interview . 
  if you have no idea what i 'm talking about look it up . 
  i keep hearing that le pen and others wo n't be able to do what she says she will , but up until now i have n't heard what we are doing right now . 
  mostly confusion , heartfelt words and `` keep acting like normal because they want to scare us '' . 
  the first view is bound to win over the people given enough time because it 's proactive . 
  while the second one is inherently passive . 
  and if the phenomena persist more and more people will eventually drop it , at different rates . 
  that 's why europe and pro eu parties are at stall , because they essentially advertise the status quo while a growing number of people want change regarding several issues and sometimes they want it opposite in different countries , to complicate it even further . 
  this is just going off topic and you 're starting to sound trolly . 
  all the issues that are fueling the anti eu sentiment around europe and its political parties . 
  brexit is n't a snake born in a bouquet of roses , so to speak . 
  or have n't you heard any news in the last couple of years ? 
  to make a u-turn on a lot of issues , which if they keep being unaddressed they will be the death of eu . 
  and i 'm also including many of the pro-eu governments of the union in this . 
  unlikely , they 're like the best of the bestest . 
  it 's impossible that 50 % of the french electorate would turn to le pen at the run-off . 
  this is eu 's last chance , if brexit was n't enough of a wakeup call already . 
  no , she wo n't win , eu will still have a chance to correct itself and we 'll go back to ignoring islamic terrorism . 
  like in nice you say ?
