   since the neolithic period the native inhabitants of the lithuanian territory have not been replaced by migrations from outside yes , my ancestors did n't come from just lithuania , but also from sweden , norway , denmark , finland , latvia , estonia and north-west russia , you know , people who mixed with o.g. 
  n. europeans , that 's why we have such similar genetics ? 
  poles do n't even come close to lithuanians , we only changed cultures between each other , not genetics . 
  back then english was not as popular as you might think . 
   superpower is a term used to describe a state with a dominant position , which is characterised by its extensive ability to exert influence or project power on a global scale . 
  russia is only present in ukraine ( next to their border ) , georgia ( again next to their border ) and syria , limited to 3 countries that 's about it , that 's where their `` global scale '' ends . 
  usa has ties with europe , asia , middle east , s. america , literally globally , russia does not come even close to what usa has . 
  you 're just trying way to hard , you might as well stop it . 
  so again , n. korea and pakistan are superpowers ? 
  because as you said . 
  two nukes are more than enough to be a superpower . 
  japan was a great power , not superpower , such thing as superpower was only given to uk , usa and ussr before ww2 . 
  well , only if you 're uneducated person that ignores the very definition of superpower , then what ever floats your boat . 
  your point is stupid and has no base ground , just your own imaginary opinion on how superpower should be defined , which is stupidly false . 
  point of mad , not definition of superpower , stop trying to change topic . 
  you lost , accept it . 
  korea does not fit all the criteria of superpower , that 's why it 's not a superpower , russia does n't fit the whole criteria of superpower , why should we consider it a superpower ? 
  quoting myself again : demography , geography , economy , politics , foreign relations , military , media , culture . 
   a baltic statement if i ever saw one lol . 
  as if serbia was n't kissing russian ass . 
  you see things differently without facts or any scientific research , it 's like believing in imaginary entity as god , which is total non sense . 
   and do n't idealize genetic ancestry into some trans-generational mystical connection . 
  neither do i , but i do consider my ancestors , you know , ancestors . 
  you 're talking non-sense , why genetics research proved you wrong . 
  again , nuke number does n't make a country superpower . 
  go learn the definition before talking non-sense . 
   hahaahah , having the means to destroy the world a thousand times over if someone pisses you off sure does make you a superpower . 
  so pakistan and n. korea are superpowers ? 
  are you retarded or just out of your mind ? 
  superpower is not about nukes . 
  but : demography , geography , economy , politics , foreign relations , military , media , culture . 
  only few of those russia can say that it comes close to , but not all . 
  russia is a scrony hobo compare to rich and powerful usa . 
  i know what is butterfly effect , but the thing is that when roman empire existed , such thing as russia/russians did n't . 
  only after fall of kievan rus ' ( xiii c. ) , muscovites became the proto-russians . 
  lithuanians are mix of indo-europeans who came to modern lithuania +5 k years ago and o.g. 
  northern europeans who came ~ 10k years ago and yes , we are the same people who were living here 2k years ago . 
   since the neolithic period the native inhabitants of the lithuanian territory have not been replaced by migrations from outside , so there is a high probability that the inhabitants of present-day lithuania have preserved the genetic composition of their forebears relatively undisturbed by the major demographic movements , although without being actually isolated from them . 
  the lithuanian population appears to be relatively homogeneous , without apparent genetic differences among ethnic subgroups . 
  -  lithuanians , like most other baltic/scandinavian cultures , have been known for being people of above average height . 
  at the end of the 19th century , the average height of males was 163.5 cm ( 5 ft 4 in ) and the average height of females was 153.3 cm ( 5 ft 0 in ) . 
  by the end of the 20th century , heights averaged 181.3 cm ( 5 ft 11 in ) for males and 167.5 cm ( 5 ft 6 in ) for females . 
  that 's not what i said , read again , how would hitler be in power if germany never sought revenge for ww1 ? 
  what makes you think that world would be in a worse position without russia ? 
  russians only made half of ussr 's population . 
  all of this was during 2000 's , after russian aggression it is no surprise it is impossible to have those warmongers in eu and nato . 
   is n't the whole russia hate fiasco because they did the same exact thing properly ? 
  properly means as a whole , not occupying piece of land and then calling it a day . 
  that does n't make them a superpower . 
  i really prefer this one over `` tauti\u0161ka giesm\u0117 '' . 
  nothing against italians , but russians pretending to be a superpower is hilarious , they barely can hold their ground in their own neighbourhood while usa , a true superpower is everywhere , from europe to asia , to middle east etc. 
  wait , you 're saying that i should choose one evil over another ? 
  both soviets and nazis shall burn in hell . 
  the only reason russia is not part of eu and nato is because it still thinks it can be a imperialistic nation . 
  barely anybody wants to be part of their eurasian economic union or csto . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia\u2013european_union_relations#eu_membership_discussion https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato\u2013russia_relations#suggestions_of_russia_joining_nato, 
  if russia did n't exist , ww1 would n't have happened , if ww1 did n't happen germany would n't been standing for revanchism , while ussr would n't exist too , hitler would never been popular , let alone nazi germany existing . 
  russia 's non existence would brought different , probably better future . 
  first , this map is just a joke . 
  second of all , nobody hates russia . 
  and third , russia acts as adversary nation , not other way . 
  it had it 's chances to join eu and nato , but blew it up because they still do n't want to give up on their imperialistic ambitions . 
  russian nationalists are even worse than ukrainian ones with even more retarded dreams like being a superpower with economy size of italy that ca n't even properly invade foreign nations . 
  you 're going with us , into greater germania , whether you like it or not . 
  just names of baltic cultures on the left . 
  while on right main and probable territory of balts . 
  [ it was balt not slav ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/43/ie-migrations.gif ) where are you getting this bs from ? 
   in fact almost half of germany was and some places still carry slavic names so does poland carry half of germanic names . 
  only culture of [ balts ] ( https://i.imgur.com/0uulnjx.jpg ) ( 1000 b.c ) was differ . 
  we did , our language did n't . 
  that makes no sense . 
  when you lithuanize english words you get funny stuff , i get you . 
  no aests ( balts ) . 
  you mean ukraine ? 
  there is still ptsd from last deluge . 
  * eye twitching *, 
  as i said , general population did n't give shit about slavs or jews , 95 % of lithuanian jews were killed after all . 
   my point is your statement that lithuanian treated germans as liberators is very unlikely groups of partisans , civil units of nationalist-rightist anti-soviet affiliation , initiated contact with the germans as soon as they entered the lithuanian territories . 
  many lithuanian supporters of the nazi policies came from the fascist iron wolf organization , who tried to overthrow a. smetona and probably establish fascist/nazi lithuania during 30 's . 
  overall , the nationalistic lithuanian administration was interested in the liquidation of the jews as a perceived enemy and potential rivals of ethnic lithuanians and thus not only did not oppose nazi holocaust policy but in effect adopted it as their own . 
  and they were , since jews were the most supportive of soviet regime that brought all the killings during first soviet occupation . 
  most notable of them is [ nachman dushanski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nachman_dushanski ) , a war criminal that is hero in russia . 
  thousands of lithuanias helped to kill jews , only hundreds helped to save them . 
  you know this was paid demonstration right ? 
  there was no partisan war against nazi occupation , there was against soviet one . 
  poles are weird with their language when naming karaliau\u010dius . 
  in the end it all comes to * twangste * , old prussians best prussians . 
  either germanic or celtic languages would take place instead of romance languages . 
  nothing would change basically , other than script and dominant languages in the regions . 
  and being fully europanized . 
  you surely meant k\u00f6nigsberg ? 
  northern crusades 2.0, 
  i wish . 
   many people use the term `` europe '' as a synonym for `` eu '' , and in that sense , `` europe `` means something different ... and not inclusive of switzerland or norway . 
  eu means european union , it 's a political entity , not cultural or geographical one as europe as whole is . 
  when people talk about eu they talk about politics , not geography or culture . 
  that does n't make them european , otherwise kazakhstan can also be considered european . 
  religion is stoneage culture that should have been ditched long ago . 
  you 're probably confusing times when people talk about eu and other times about europe as whole . 
  never saw anyone saying that swizerland or norway is n't part of europe .
