  forced to choose between germany and russia , they have chosen germany , because they seek co-operation with western civilization . 
  the rule of the germans seems to them to be the lesser of two evils . 
  ** '' this perspective resulted in part from the soviet occupation between 1940 and 1941 , called `` the year of terror '' ( latvian : baigais gads ) during which tens of thousands of latvian families were executed or deported to siberia with men separated from the women and children to break down resistance . 
  -   in 1946 , the nuremberg tribunal declared the waffen-ss to be a criminal organization , ** making an exception of people who had been forcibly conscripted ** . 
  throughout the post-war years , ** the allies would apply this exception to the soldiers of the latvian legion and the estonian legion ** . 
  the us displaced persons commission in september 1950 declared that :   '' ** the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss , and therefore the commission holds them not to be a movement hostile to the government of the united states . 
  ** '' -  i see nothing rational or logical . 
  i see a government accepting that the majority is xenophobic . 
  why is that rational ? 
  because they do n't want to get kicked our of government ? 
  indeed , that is very rational . 
  but how in the world do you come to the conclusion that this is also making xenophobia `` rational '' ? 
  not endangering our own citizens , sweden , germany , france , belgium has big muslim minority , terrorists attacks happen and guess what ethnicity are those terrorists ? 
  definitely not mena am i right ? 
  these people are far from accepting european culture , contrary they try to enforce it on local culture . 
  either way call us xenophobic or racists as much as you , we wo n't endanger our own citizens just because some german is screaming at us for not taking `` their share '' while inviting them to germany ... great clown fiesta you have created . 
   i see nothing rational or logical . 
  i see a government accepting that the majority is xenophobic . 
  why is that rational ? 
  because they do n't want to get kicked our of government ? 
  indeed , that is very rational . 
  but how in the world do you come to the conclusion that this is also making xenophobia `` rational '' ? 
  how exactly are we hostile towards them ? 
  i see black people , asian people everyday in city-bus , train etc. 
  nobody gives a crap how you look . 
  our government gives them job , all the benefits to live life comfortable , they still choose to go back to germany because people get far bigger benefits there . 
   those peoples are fleeing from war in syria and have been recognized as refugees in italy and greece . 
  most of refugees are from mena countries , not just syria . 
  they come from countries where war does n't exist , yet german government still accepts them as refugees ... migrant quota is flawed to the bone and will not change anything towards migrant crisis , poor people from mena countries will keep flooding europe until we wo n't have any money to help them , what then ? 
   the only reason why you want to call them `` economic migrants '' is because you want to criminalize them to get a excuse to deny them help . 
  and you 're trying to paint them as angels ...  you do n't have even the slightest piece of proof for your accusations that those syrians in italy and greece are `` economic migrants '' . 
  bypassing several safe nations is more than enough of a proof . 
   the legal status is refugee . 
  i could n't care less how you want to call or degrade them . 
  i could n't care less about your flawed logic , but here i 'm trying to stand to my point , which most w. euros are blind to see . 
   do you remember the `` untermensch '' ? 
  what ? 
  first balts were not part of it , second i do n't give a shit what germans did in ww2 , the same germans that live today have nothing to do with it . 
  you 're just an asshole that 's about it , you 're not born with it . 
   that is the real mindboggling part to me . 
  you know ... this whole situation remembers me about a child , beaten by its asshole parents all life . 
  and then it grows up and gets his own children , only to start beating them , too , because that is all it ever learned . 
  what it has to do with anything ? 
   i see this different . 
  this is the biggest and best reason to be butthurt for me since years . 
  yeah difference that we 're fallowing rational and logical steps , not screaming `` come here '' and then crying for too many migrants that actually come here . 
  in real world you answer for your words . 
   you take no refugees from italy and blame germany because we try to force you . 
  and italy and greece get butthurt because they - two countries with huge economical problem - get no help in this situation . 
  we accepted migrant quota , the problem is that most of them still move to germany , how can you not get it that most of them are economic migrants ...  the thing that is hurting my butt is that this are clear signs for me , that there is indeed no unity and that this union will break to pieces the moment a real threat emerges . 
  maybe if brussel monkeys thought that closing down external eu 's border is better than letting in every single migrant , we would already be dealt with this migrant crisis . 
   i really believed in the european idea . 
  accepting economic migrants is neither requirement nor obligation to ever closer union within eu . 
  sweden is already [ step ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltoscandia ) ahead of you . 
  more like they want bigger number of money to leech off . 
   that 's why you are opposing abortion , women rights and you hate the lgbt community . 
  wait what ? 
  you do realize abortion was allowed in ussr ? 
  * abortion in lithuania is legal and available on request until the twelfth week of pregnancy , and up to 22 weeks for medical reasons.while lithuania was a republic of the soviet union ( as the lithuanian soviet socialist republic ) , abortions were regulated by the government of the soviet union . 
  *  women rights that 's why our president is not a woman ... oh wait . 
   you hate the lgbt community oh yeah , not like we took gay chechens . 
  sure there is room to improve this , but then again it 's older folk who gets bothered by it . 
   and that 's also the reason you are just as racist and xenophobic as those people back then . 
  you 're racist and xenophobic right now towards ee . 
   you are a bunch of backward people . 
  basically european hillbillies . 
  okay . 
  no need to get so butthurt . 
  good job greece !, 
  - our first eurobasket gold medal was against fascist italy 1937 . feelsoldman, 
  4chan is melting pot of everything . 
  there is place called hiddenlol , a pro-fascist meme website and people usually praise putin there . 
  * lithuania under polish flag ... * reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  after seeing montenegro join nato they gone mad . 
  [ one time ago . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/goymd9a.png ) not any more . 
  lithuania is not in southern europe , how can we have wine culture . 
  may i ask why they would n't ? 
  call me what ever you want , that wo n't change my position . 
   you do not value human life . 
  yes , i do , i value my own life , my families lives , my friends lives and my country men lives . 
  you can take them if you want to help them , but do n't enforce it on us , neither them nor us want them here , why are you going against their wishes to live in we ? 
  are n't you suppose to help them ? 
  i and neither my country hold any moral obligation to help them . 
  securing your countries safety is somehow racist . 
  guess you do n't know what nation state is , the name itself should be explanatory . 
  visa , it 's written on map . 
  okay . 
  wonderful arguments you got there , really shows who is smart one . 
  [ uhmm ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/visa_policy_of_japan.png ) close cooperation with japan might further into greater relationship . 
   we simply implements sanctions . 
   for not fallowing our own imposed quotas . 
  talking about getting over sensitive ... hah . 
  like sure that will help with migrant crisis . 
  i mean , if you keep doing that eurosceptisim will sure reach other countries just like it reached uk . 
  do n't assume every nation is like france . 
  good , keep doing that if you feel that 's the right thing , but do n't bitch about us not taking any , neither them nor we want them here . 
  most of migrants are men , so no , i feel no obligation to help cowards who instead of fighting for their land against extremism choose to flee . 
  many africans , arabs and so on die every day , taking several thousand of them wo n't change reality that their religion breeds extremism and i do n't want that here , i do n't want people getting run over by trucks . 
  my safety and my fellow country men safety comes first .
