  they were different from each other but in the end they wanted same - strong poland . 
  you would n't be able read it even if it was in same language you speak . 
  languages evolve a lot considering the time line . 
   who ? 
  rydz-smig\u0142y maybe ? 
    in regard to lithuania , dmowski did n't view lithuanians as having a strong national identity , and viewed their social organization as tribal . 
    at the paris peace conference , he argued strenuously against the minority rights treaty forced on poland by the allies . 
  -  what neighbors ? 
  when ? 
  how ? 
  [ polish -- ukrainian war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish\u2013ukrainian_war ), 
  i 'm surely not meant all poles , but there is quite bunch of them who go full ultra-nationalist on others on reddit . 
  i really not going to put effort in digging arguments that happened few months ago , let alone i do n't even remember where they happened . 
  user named ama_deo . 
  check him . 
  he thinks true lithuanians are polish speaking ones . 
   wtf ? 
  putin ? 
  create unstable regions that prevent from going further into bright future , modern russia is nothing more but a decaying carcass , if you 're not protected you will get the infection sooner or later e.g. 
  ukraine . 
   what exactly did putin do to georgia ? 
  created unstable regions ? 
   then you can sleep well . 
  nothing can really happen without people support , as is evident from ukraine case . 
  i sleep well because i 'm under nato and eu , knowing that finally americans got our back . 
   that 's why i compared them with kashubians , lol , man relax , can you be civil ? 
  i 'm perfectly relax . 
  but unlike kashubians , peopled identify as lithuanians , not samogitians ( it only matters when you talk purely about lithuanian ethnographic regions , the same way someone would identify as bavarian , prussian even though they all speak german and are germans ) . 
   haha , good ; innocent lithuania , just when you were helping soviets get to warsaw should have thought before trying to re-create polish-lithuanian commonwealth borders . 
  you sparked war against us and rest of the neighbours , poles also attempted 1919 coup d'\u00e9tat in lithuania . 
  pilsudski 's right hand calling us savages and always talking sh * t about us in international meetings . 
  tell me more how we should n't see you as enemy ? 
  i do n't know what you mean with russophobia , i have russian neighbours , their kid was my early childhoods best friend with whom i spend most of my time with playing mini-golf , annoying neighbouring girls , hell i would even be invited in their picknick/sauna etc. 
  what i meant by fifth column is that putin will use them to influence or make baltic countries unstable just like he did with moldova , ukraine , georgia . 
  google waldermar tomasewski , he uses even polish minority to stir shit up in lithuania . 
   the only situation in which russian minority can be a threat to security is if it feels unheard/threatened/oppressed . 
  lithuanian russians would rather piss on putin 's picture than put it on the wall . 
   `` when 48 polish schools were closed in lithuania in 1927 , j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski retaliated by closing many lithuanian educational establishments in poland . 
  [ 8 ] in the same year 48 lithuanian schools were closed and 11 lithuanian activist were deported . '', 
  i never said that we did n't oppress poles , considering that you rather choose to be enemies rather than friends . 
   and why you are so triggered by single reference to samogitians ? 
  because it 's dialect not some kind of different ethnicity . 
  you know shit about prewar poland yeah sure . 
  not like you were closing lithuanian schools and other organisations . 
   i think more like lithuanians and samogitians you do realize samogitians ( \u017eemai\u010diai - \u017eemai - low ) are just [ lowland lithuanians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts#/media/file:baltic_tribes_c_1200.svg ) ? 
  especially that lithuanian language is standardise on auk\u0161taitinian dialect . 
  samogitian dialect is most hardest to understand since it 's closer to latvian language . 
  feels like you have no idea what you 're talking about , just yet another ultra-nationalistic pole . 
   you mean buildings ???????? 
  yes . 
  if that italy , slovenia , croatia is also poland ? 
  hahaha . 
   you ca n't really get anything from what you wrote than that `` german or polish minority is better than russian '' . 
  what i implied is that if our russian minority gets bigger our national security will become weaker , because putin 's russia as probably the most fascist nation in europe that annexes neighbouring country 's territories . 
   why on earth do you bring this up ? 
  europe has framework convention for the protection of national minorities and other stuff . 
  and the notion of tolerance , respect and so on . 
  exactly , that 's why we do n't want more russians , they 're fifth column to us . 
   german have autonomy in klaipeda , lul . 
  `` the authoritarian regime of a. smetona enforced a policy of discrimination and lithuanisation : it sent administrators from lithuania , and german teachers , officials and priests were fired from jobs . 
  local inhabitants -- both germans and prussian lithuanians -- were not accepted for state service in memel territory . 
  people were sent from kaunas instead . '', 
  that 's after smetona came into power as authoritarian leader . 
  considering that poland was oppressing minorities since beginning of it 's existence . 
   lul great answer , lost words ? 
   tell it to donald tusk . 
  they are closely related , they language if not dialect of polish is fully understendable for polish people . 
  might be , same goes for germans and austrians , does not mean they share same ethnicity . 
   crimea = / = vilnius ; totally different situation , first of all russia internationaly recognized borders of independent ukraine so interwar poland is more of a dick than modern russia ? 
  who would have thought . 
   but the city itself was almost purely german . 
  no , i do n't know what you count pure german . 
  if structure , then vilnius is pure lithuanian by your logic ... ? 
   comparable with kashubians . 
  they 're not poles though . 
  [ poland-lithuanian stronk !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9x5adywxeo ), 
   that 's just racist . 
  you do n't know the meaning let alone the usage of this word given context . 
   you do n't choose and prefer minorities , you protect them . 
  that 's european . 
  protecting them the russian way ? 
  now you understand . 
   you can say what you want but people of vilnus region wanted to live in poland . 
  i 'm sure they did , since they spoke polish , but it does not give legitimate reason to attack and occupy piece of land ^ ^ ^ * crimea * . 
   nah that was n't an option same was with invasion in 39 , it was just a way to force you to recognize that wilno is a part of poland . 
  force . 
  10/10 for diplomacy poland . 
  though i 'm pretty sure you would have done that , since what came after pilsudski was even more hardcore polish nationalists . 
   same as you wanted memel , where lithuanians were a minority , but the difference is that innocent lithuania took over city by force in 1923  unlike for danzig ( which had +90 % of germans ) , klaip\u0117da / memelland had sizeable minority of lithuanians +25 % while germans were +41 % while rest were klaip\u0117dan / memell\u00e4ndisch , which means they might been both german and lithuanian . 
  and unlike poland we gave great autonomy to germans in memelland/klaip \u0117da region . 
   except you should know that lithuania was built on nationalism and took pride anti-polonism amongst other things . 
  yeah right . 
  wanting independent lithuania with lithuanian language as official language of country is somehow anti-polish . 
  edit : if our country was so built on anti-polish sentiment why did we refuse several german offers to attack vilnius region , even though you already threaten us with invasion with 1939 ultimatum ? 
    lithuania maintained a policy of strict neutrality , refusing repeated german offers for a joint attack on poland to capture vilnius . 
  instead , lithuania interned about 15,000 polish soldiers and accepted about 35,000 polish civilian refugees . 
  -  you even went as far as to remove polish loanwords from the language um no ? 
  i can already know a loanward from polish - arbata ( pol . 
  herbata ) - tea .
