  you remember sejny uprising right ? 
  you know what was the aftermath ? 
  definitely not polonization policies , you 're guilty as much as we are and trying to shift blame only to us is the lowest i expected you to go . 
   i know history and i know that jagie\u0142\u0142o was baptized in poland as an adult as a catholic . 
  and that what i 'm calling civilization . 
  lithuania was the last pagan state in europe . 
  plus , poles brough an immense culture into this territories and some cities in lithuania would n't be that beutiful if it was n't for poles . 
  what your revisionist history tells you . 
  if that 's what you believe in then what ever , i could n't care less . 
   yes , i waste my time with you livonian order was a german state ( part of teutonic order ) you 're idiocy goes beyond comprehension , mr. 
  guy who thinks protestantism existed in mid xiii c.  do you know that the divide between east and west in christiany was long before martin luther ? 
  are you telling me kievan rus ' or let 's say byzantine were protestant states ? 
  jesus , you have no argument and picking up straws . 
   these cities were polish for a long time those cities only belonged to poland for 19 years . 
  the city itself only became polish only after third partition of commonwealth . 
  it was very influential part of grand duchy of lithuania and [ polish-lithuanian commonwealth ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0hdxhgv.png ) , given the second is why they feel that city `` belonged to them '' even though it did n't go into [ crown of kingdom of poland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pvwquor.png ) lands . 
  and responding with your own biases . 
  your comment says it . 
   this is not retarded , that 's a popular and most sane `` what if '' . 
  the what if could n't happen because of nazi ideology , poles could potentially drafted into polish waffen ss , but there is no way poland would have stayed independent . 
  even lithuania had higher chance of allying with hitler than poland , unlike about poles hitler talked highly of lithuanians being close to master race during his speeches in interwar period , he sought lithuania to gain as an ally , though economically dependent on germany ally . 
  he suggested to invade poland from the north to regain vilnius region , but we refused which was final drop to them as they ditched us and trade their sphere of influence for more of some polish territory one that in future would be fully germanised . 
   if so then why an ostra brama motive would `` crush '' polish-lithuanian relations ? 
  it 's a spark to begin the mutual hate between each other yet again and looking at your comments it 's not surprise , it 's working . 
   that 's all had been started by newly formed lithuania who attacked poland . 
  this is how short lived war started and dissolved . 
  oh yes everyone is aggressor , but not poland ... you admitted yourself that poland was state with megalomania . 
   poland did not occupy lithuania , it was an independent country . 
  switzeland , germany , belgium , netherlands all love eachother despite some grudges . 
  you occupied part of our country that [ was/is our since lithuanian 's foundation ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pq9wzud.png ) . 
   are you surprised by these people looking for putin as their only hope ? 
  again you must be delusional , these people are not looking for putin , it 's w. tomaszewski that is looking for putin . 
   after all poland abandoned them , and they just happened to be in lithuania after 1991 against their will . 
  poles are minority with 18 % of them during 90 's , i do n't think 18 % can dictate to majority to whom they should be part off , especially when poland itself refused to help break away republic within vilnius and instead made a treaty for friendly neighbourly relations and refusing to have any territorial claims on republic of lithuania . 
   they tried to have their independent state but failed . 
  lithuania treated them badly , first during the ww2 lithuanians with nazis killed polish upper class in ponary forest nazis and nazi collaborators ( who were jailed during interwar period because of their sympathy towards nazi regime ) . 
  am i a nazi to you just because i was born lithuanian ? 
  should i point out dubingiai massacre ? 
  * the dubingiai massacre was a mass murder of 20 -- 27 lithuanian civilians in the town of dubingiai ( dubinki ) on 23 june 1944 . 
  the massacre was carried out by the 5th brigade of armia krajowa ( ak ) , a polish resistance group , in a reprisal for the glinciszki ( gliti\u0161k\u0117s ) massacre of 20 june . 
  * killing civilians , especially children and especially blaming children for crimes of their fathers or even people they never knew it stupid argument . 
  given how fucked up ww2 was , everyone were killing each other . 
   expulse most of the people filling their houses with lithuanian immigrants soviet dealt with poles in vilnius region if you did n't realize , the only reason vilnius was repopulated by lithuanians instead of russians is because commie leader of lssr was lithuanian and did n't want vilnius to become city filled with russians . 
   then after war forbidden to speak their language , tried to eradicate their culture how , when , what ? 
  give me sources on that . 
   even banning `` polish letters '' like w which is not a polish letter to change surnames of these people . 
  oh the horror , ca n't use my w latter just as i ca n't use \u016b latter on my surname if i migrated to usa . 
  you 're over exaggerating problem . 
   you ca n't demand being loyal from them after all what you had done to them . 
  you know i can say same to you , you ca n't expect us to be friendly after what you done to us . 
   i do n't support that but from their perspective it 's very understandable as they no longer can rely on poland , west they choose russia and ussr where they had better life than under lithuanian administration . 
  if you really think they 're oppressed in lithuania then you 're more delusional than i thought , is it media or what ? 
   eehh ... no ? 
  lithuania was christanized in roman church by poles when w\u0142adys\u0142aw jagie\u0142\u0142o was enthroned as a king of poland , that 's why lithuania is a catholic country unlike belarus and ukraine i 'm not even going to argue , you know nothing about history . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianization_of_lithuania#baptism_of_mindaugas * the emergence of a monastic state of the livonian order around the lithuanian borders made it rather urgent to choose a state religion . 
  the first lithuanian grand duke to adopt western christianity was mindaugas , although his nephew and rival tautvilas had done that earlier , in 1250 . 
  the first translations of catholic prayers from german were made during his reign and have been known since . 
  * * mindaugas and his family were baptised in the catholic rite in 1250 or 1251 . 
  on july 17 , 1251 pope innocent iv issued a papal bull proclaiming lithuania a kingdom and the state was placed under the jurisdiction of the bishop of rome . 
  mindaugas and his wife morta were crowned at some time during the summer of 1253 , and the kingdom of lithuania , formally a christian state , was established . 
  * you were not first ones to bring us christianity , only second ones . 
   ** livonia was a protestant teutonic state ** i 'd like to not comment this as this shows your level of education . 
  this just shows how i 'm wasting my time with you . 
   and it has nothing to do with christianization of lithuania . 
  if what you 're speaking about was true then lithuania would be protestant , which it is n't . 
  do you even have an idea when was lithuania first christianized and when did protestantism emerged ? 
  go educate yourself before making statements like these ...  we tried many times to have good relations . 
  if it fails it 's no longer relevant to us . 
  i asked you examples of those , you did n't give any so your argument is invalid . 
   glad you stopped . 
  i see you have no argument and you 're justifying your irrational government and his terrible soviet style actions , by some historical inaccuracies . 
  a guy that has no idea of history talks about historical inaccuracies . 
  laughable . 
  what waste of time . 
  there are naked sculptures throughout europe and you care about post stamps ... lol, 
  [ but he 's secretly gay , is n't he ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ubbasfgnjne ), 
  thank you , thank you sir . 
   poland should 've stick to the nazi side , attack and dissolve soviet union for the best of the upcoming generations . 
  that is so retarded . 
   and about current relations we 're good with germany , not so good with russia , but what matters most is the alliance with usa and nato membership and huge contributions from poland which means good relationship with lithuania . 
  polish internal security goes toe-to-toe with lithuanian internal security if one falls the other falls too . 
   poland tries countless times to have good relationship with lithuania , but if they fail for the 100 time in a row then why to bother ? 
  exactly how , name those `` countless stimes '' ? 
  with [ polish -- lithuanian war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish\u2013lithuanian_war ) , [ sejny uprising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sejny_uprising ) , [ \u017beligowski 's mutiny ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u017beligowski%27s_mutiny ) or even trying to [ overthrow legitimate lithuanian government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1919_polish_coup_d%27\u00e9tat_attempt_in_lithuania ) ? 
   it was only lithuania doing problems , especially their attitude to the autochtonic population of vilnius and surroundings yes there are problems with polish minority that should be fixed , especially when those problems are sparked by kremlin 's puppet - waldemar tomaszewski . 
  given this current move from polish government it does n't help on the issues , actually they 're trying to spark it into a bigger issue . 
  after ussr was fallen and lithuania freeded from occupation both poland and lithuania signed a friendship and good neighbourly treaty , which states that both countries refuse any further teri\u0161alioti claims on each other . 
   to be fair for the very good chunk of my life i did n't even know lithuanians dislike the poles . 
  then i wondered why are they ? 
  the shitstorm that poles created during interperiod left the scar , imagine if french occupied parts of switzerland or belgium during interwar period and only gave them back after ww2 , you think belgians or swiss would be more than happy about it or more pessimistic ? 
   after successful commonwealth which brought civilization to lithuania ? 
  you found your problem - `` brought civilisation '' , livonians have more to do with brining civilisation than you since they were first ones to christianise us , it 's german stone builders who built our castles , not polish , it 's prussian-lithuanians who made sure lithuanian language and books did n't disappear from our lands , poles were just another imperialistic state within region and you 're romanticising it too much . 
   so why poland should bother . 
  bad relations with lithuania really does not change anything as lithuania is not a threat to poland . 
  what should they do ? 
  have good relationship with every neighbour ? 
  or you prefer to be surrounded by enemies ? 
   stop shopping in north poland ? 
  around 1000-10000 out of several million people go to shop to poland because they live near border of poland oh the horror .
