  and why would i care how a pro-degenerate from a schizophrenic nation has me tagged ? 
  not only homophobic but also a xenophobe . 
  you really need help , go for the doctor asap . 
   take winter war for an example . 
  you do realize estonian geographical location is far shittier than that of finnish ? 
  why would i care , you 're schizophrenic . 
   lol even lithuania . 
  um , no we did not . 
  we had war with sweden , not estonia . 
  you do realize we invite them and ask for them to come ? 
  not other way around with russia who knocks into your territory without invitation . 
  at last . 
  thank you . 
  are you really that stupid ? 
  you think making same sex marriage legal will somehow magically make more people gay/lesbian ? 
  from which cave you came from . 
  voluntary accession my ass . 
  soviets installing commie puppet government and then sending latter that lithuania wants to be incorporated into ussr , yeah voluntary my ass . 
  if i saw red crossing border i would throw stone at him . 
  and yet still for ruthenians , lithuania was far better choice to be under than muscovy . 
  either way this was everyday thing , every single army at that time done this , muscovy done same thing . 
  at least we did n't oppress other ethnicities , religions etc. 
  you already attacking people who done nothing bad to you and saying that homosexuality/same sex marriage is disease . 
  but what do you expect from guy who is tagged as schizophrenic pole . 
  [ we did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_partisans ) . 
  the thing is that we did n't stand a chance in direct combat , first we did n't had excellent geographical location like finland had , second our government were bunch of cowardish cunts , while our authoritarian president did want to fight till the last lithuanian , but since government rather accepted soviet bases `` to protect us from nazis '' , our president has flew to other european countries and finally to usa , where soviet spies would burn him alive in his own house . 
   the disease is spreading . 
  yeah , in your head . 
  go for doctor . 
  good for you gibraltar , wish we were n't such a cunts , catholicism and conservatism is hell of a drug . 
  so we should now forget all the war crimes soviets did ? 
  all the brutal occupation , killings , deportations from little children to very old people ? 
  get a grip , one good deed will not make you an angel . 
  besides nazis also returned our capital in reichskommissariat ostland ( baltenland ) . 
  should we also praise them . . ? 
  unlike your principality our grand duchy ' was not known as land of tyranny . 
  most of them are supporting their government who are , it 's what they want . 
  even today putin think and even said that he does n't see anything wrong with ussr invading baltic states . 
  vacation , duh . 
   2 ) ended with the death of stalin . 
  keep telling that to yourself , i think you actually do . 
  even though you 're very misinformed , i 'd like you bring up russia who still celebrate red army march through europe raping women left and right , killing people they do n't like and oppressing countries for next 50 years . 
  they wo n't invade , after russia losses they will carve up just like germany was . 
  over our dead bodies . 
  better dead than red . 
   to have an aggressive superpower beside you russia is not a superpower . 
   russia is aggressive not because it 's in the dna of it 's inhabitants , there is a reason for everything . 
  yeah ... 
  the only reason they see is whoever is not on their knees and not kissing their boot does not deserve to be independent . 
   before finding solutions and judging we ought to understand their point of view . 
  what point of view ? 
  they 're attacking ukraine , georgia etc , to stop these countries from allying with west , so they could improve , they fear on losing monopoly over russia , they fear their own people will finally turn against them . 
  that 's their fear , not some kind `` big evil nato is coming for us ... '' . 
   if the us had tried to understand local geopolitics in the middle east and had a basic knowledge of geography , the disaster we now have would not be as dire . 
  oh please , professor , go on . 
   i understand your concerns , but try asking yourself why russia behaves like this . 
  if everybody did it with their enemy there would no wars . 
  i already answered you , they 're imperialistic cunts , that 's about it . 
  they invaded us hundreds of times , clearly not because of usa . 
  judge what without knowing ? 
  rightful baltic clay !, 
  oh wait , we 're all in same reich , rightful reich 's clay !, 
  pretty sure china would join west side , the reason is north east asia - russia 's asian part . 
  why ? 
  kievan rus ' started to raid us up until mongols showed up . 
  grand principality of muscovy started to attack us because they wanted to conquer ruthenian territories which we took from golden horde ( mongol empire ) . 
  then tsarist russia [ wanted to erase ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland#/media/file:rzeczpospolita_rozbiory_3.png ) both lithuania and poland from map for [ refusing to be a lap dog ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ko\u015bciuszko_uprising ) . 
  let 's not forget that they gave us psycho shit of a governor - '' [ hangman of vilnius ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_muravyov-vilensky#northwestern_krai_governor_general ) '' that would hang you just by looking to him through your side . 
  then banning catholicism and latin script , oppressing lithuanians even further , as italian you should be ashamed on supporting russian imperialism . 
  after ww1 both [ russian commies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian\u2013soviet_war ) and [ whites ( russian imperialists ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_wars_of_independence#war_against_the_bermontians ) tried to re-conqure lithuania but got their ass kicked . 
  and now after brutal occupation by ussr , who rolled over un-armed lithuanians with tanks , screams that we 're removing all the soviet structures that represented the oppressive soviet system . 
  screaming that we 're usa 's lapdogs for joining nato ( look how that helped georgia/moldova/ukraine on not being in nato ) and eu . 
  we did nothing wrong to russians , literally nothing and they still treat us like sh * t. 
  yes he is . 
  modern russia is absolute sh * t hole that gives nothing good to world any more , only suffering and misery . 
   everybody here saying tha russians are bad , have you ever asked yourself why ? 
  maybe because the us tried to isolate them after the fall of the soviet union ? 
  russia has been bad to us since it 's bloody beginning of existence , for past ~ 700 years . 
   since the end of ww2 the us has caused many more deaths than russia , are we sure we know the real enemy ? 
  russia , russia and again russia . 
  there is no country in europe or world that threatens lithuania , other than russia who is known to be oppressing occupier . 
  you do realize he 's talking about pre-tsarist russia ? 
   good point , i concede . 
  though i think one could argue that had he lived to see the 20th century he would have remained a full , unapologetic pole , but that 's just silly guesswork , i suppose . 
  doubtful , pilsudski himself called polish-lithuanian . 
   do n't you mean you mean `` succesfully managed '' ( in the past , as in during the commonwealth ) the only place poles successfully managed to erase our language was in eastern lithuania ( vilnius region ) , while at same time western lithuania was half german , half lithuania , only samogitian region retained lithuanian language , because nobles refused to accept polish dominance when commonwealth still existed , since gdl times up until end of commonwealth , samogitia always had autonomy within our borders , that 's one of the reasons why some schizophrenic irredintists call us zhmuds , because it was the only place which foreign languages never touched . 
   i 'm asking because i 'm pretty sure today 's lithuanians are a distinct nationality of their own that would get very cross if i called them a polack of another tongue . 
  i mean , being one yourself you know best , so tell me . 
  the only difference you would see when you come to lithuania is only language and nordic banks , that 's about it , religion , buildings , people etc are same . 
  of course calling us northern polish would give you a boot up your face because we 're balts , not slavs , and we 're very proud of that . 
   what else would you call mickiewicz if not a pole ? 
  please explain . 
  [ polish-lithuanian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish-lithuanian_identity ) , equivalent to that of british . 
   i 'll add here that the disconnection between lithuanian and polish ethnicity existed as early as 15th century , and , despite of what many of us poles pretend , that difference did not deteriorate over time after the real union of lubel . 
  if poles somehow successfully manage to erase our language i 'm pretty sure we would be same nation , as we literally have 0 differences , besides language . 
   i 'm afraid i can not tell you much about belarusians that you do n't know ; that 's one of the reasons why they 're trying to bite bigger part of our shared history , they got none after fall of kievan rus ' . 
  their culture was very different from ours , their religion to begin with was in another branch . 
  the only thing that connects us is that lithuania ruled their land . 
  as long as usa troops are here , we 're fine . 
   lithuania , latvia , estonia-he plans on stepping foot in them once he invades them yeah , he will have to go through you first .
