  i wonder if this was sarcasm ? 
  that 's the joke . 
  against latter , for dual street names . 
  even then the name was commonwealth of poland / `` republic '' of poland , similarly to russian federation , except minorities had true rights , especially lithuanian part . 
  as i said , geopolitical reasons ... 
  you should also stop pretending that it was polish city . 
  if it was n't for russia , i doubt you would have supported us towards nato and eu . 
   it 's not like it was poland oppressing you . 
  but i get what you mean , it seems like unnecessary provocation . 
  it 's not about plc , but about interwar period . 
  poland was huge dick back then . 
  with it 's sejny uprising , \u017beligowski 's mutiny , polish coup d'\u00e9tat attempt in lithuania and polish-lithuanian war over all , hell it even tried to meddle into klaip\u0117da region 's fate even though region was half german half lithuania and had no polish people let alone polish cultural influence at all . 
  * the second polish republic regarded the klaip\u0117da region as possible compensation for danzig . 
  after world war i , the polish corridor provided access to the baltic sea , but the free city of danzig was not granted to poland . 
  in early 1919 , roman dmowski , the polish representative to the paris peace conference , campaigned for the incorporation of klaip\u0117da region into lithuania , which was then to enter into a union with poland ( see dmowski 's line and mi\u0119dzymorze federation ) . 
  [ 6 ] the polish formula was klaip\u0117da to lithuania , lithuania to poland . 
  [ 7 ] until the polish -- lithuanian union could be worked out , klaip\u0117da was to be placed under the temporary administration of the allies . 
  while such a union had a historic tradition in the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth , lithuania categorically refused any such proposals . 
  worsening polish -- lithuanian relations led to the polish -- lithuanian war and dispute over the vilnius region . 
  however , the union idea was met favorably in western europe . 
  in december 1921 , poland sent marceli szarota as a new envoy to the region . 
  due to his initiative , poland and klaip\u0117da signed a trade agreement in april 1922 . 
  [ 8 ] in addition , poland attempted to establish its economic presence by buying property , establishing business enterprises , and making connections with the port . 
   an ignorant nationalist with a bias against ukrainians . 
  he especially has bias against lithuanians . 
  no shit we are ? 
  given past history . 
   it does right now . 
  minorities in poland have all the rights that are demanded by poles remaining in lithuania . 
   we 've been providing both of those rights for minorities in poland for amany years now . 
  easy to speak for a nation of 40 million . 
   if it makes `` 0 difference '' , then why lithuanians seem to be so butthurt about it and focused on denying this right to the polish minority ? 
  because it 's actually threatening to our sovreignity and territorial integrity ? 
  what stops russians from starting to ask same rights ? 
  poland and russia are not very well known as friendly neighbourly nations to lithuania given past history . 
   i wo n't comment on the last part , because it is basically `` we did wrong , but so what ? '', 
  statement . 
  we did n't do anything wrong , if you need someone to blame you only need to look into the mirror , do n't act like a douche bag and you wo n't be treated like one . 
  polish-lithuanian relationship is equal to that of croatian-serbian , vilnius region is like bosnia . 
  it was only poland in name , grand duchy of lithuania still has retained it 's federal status . 
   ill treatment of polish minority in lithuania for the last quarter of century , while the polish governments tended to ignore that in the name of good relations with lithuania ? 
  ill treatment ? 
  i sometimes really wonder how brainwashed poles are by their media . 
  if you consider not allowing polish latter and street signs within republic of lithuania was sign of oppression then i have no words , it makes 0 difference how people live their day-to-day lives . 
  would i be entitled for \u016a latter in my last name even though i 'm emigrating to usa and acquiring usa 's citizenship ? 
  no , i would americanise it retaining spelling as much as i can . 
  given that w/v equally sound same in lithuanian language it makes no difference which you use in your passport , given it 's official document that should be written in official language of the country just like in usa ( even though english is only de facto official language in usa ) . 
   the fact that republic of poland did not recognize or provide any aid towards the polish national-territorial region back in early 90s , sacrificing it in the name of good relations with lithuania , even though if we wanted to we would probably secure the autonomy for local poles ( and avoid the subsequent mess regarding their riggts ) ? 
  i agree we should given autonomy to polish minority , but i understand why early government did n't , given polish treatment of republic of lithuania during interwar period , it left quite a big of a scar that will only cure with time and well given current politics of your government lead by a guy who wants to restore poland closer to it 's interwar period counter part , i 'd say our government did a good job if being sceptic about poland . 
  and so for lithuania as we 're culturally identical to poland , what 's your point ? 
  you do n't lack any cities or cultural sites , why intentionally downgrade our relationship once again ? 
  it 's like you do n't need help from pro-kremlin 's puppet waldemar tomaszewski to distant lithuania once again from poland . 
  saying commonwealth was poland is like saying united kingdom is england . 
   its pathetic and shows once again why eastern europe has no place in the eu . 
  poland is not whole e. europe ... why should lithuania , estonia or latvia pay for retarded polish or hungarian governments ? 
  yeah i wonder how you manage to breed people like this . 
   polish passports have a different age on each page , should we just skip that part of history ? 
  because you were huge dicks in interwar , i do n't think celebrating polish-lithuanian war is a right thing to do . 
   lithuania was n't particularly friendly to poland for the last 25 years either - to achieve such outcome , two need to play this game , and until now ** we were the only ones attempting to have friendly relations between our countries anyway ** . 
  and examples of that would be ? 
  yeah , what about vilnius ? 
  it was only part of poland technically during 1791 till 1792 and during interwar period of 1920 till 1939 . 
  feels like polish government is trying to achieve unfriendly neighbours right and left yet again . 
  more like muh second polish republic . 
  and it waddle away waddle , waddle . 
  centre slavs + finland , lithuania, 
  so much bad history , honestly i 'm done with you . 
  hitler maybe talked like that about latvians and estonians , but not lithuanians whose 85 % of them were a subject of total elimination , more than almost every other race . 
  that was before ww2 . 
  * at some time , presumably after 1933 , in the presence of hitler and other nazis , rausch-ning participated in a discussion of `` ostraumpolitik . '', 
  hitler , referring specifically to lithuania , stated that ' the lithuanians could be racially assimilated !, 
  what was needed in lithuania was a german upper class , but not one like the german barons in latvia and estonia , whom the f\u00fchrer blamed for not assimilating the natives into the german fold . 
  because of their arrogance and cultural isolation from the indigenous population , the barons had failed as germanizers . 
  * http://www.lituanus.org/1965/65_1_03_slavenas.html  by that even poles had higher change . 
  and it was possible if pi\u0142sudski was still alive , hitler gave him a big respect he even attended his funeral . 
  as if [ we ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1934_montreux_fascist_conference#/media/file:montreux_conferenza.png ) did n't had good relationship with nazi germany ? 
  if it was n't for antanas smetona , his fellow ex-colleague far-right leaning augustinas voldemaras would have succeeded with pro-facist coup within lithuania which effectively mean that lithuania would turning be turning fascist and ally of nazi germany , potentially being third nation to invade poland from the north to regain vilnius region actually carrying out massacres on state level instead of nazis rallying on nazi sympathizers , thank god that did n't happened . 
   it 's not a spark , it 's a building important for polish cultural identity and we can not remove it from our culture just because lithuanians murdered and expulsed almost all of the city , filled with lithuanians and claimed it as theirs . 
  the city was always filled with lithuanians until poles colonised it . 
  are you telling me that poles were majority in vilnius since it 's foundation ? 
  given you blame lithuanians for removal of polish speakers in vilnius region which plain bad history . 
  orders were given from moscow to red army and nkvd , lithuanians back then fought guerilla war against soviet authority , do you realize that ? 
  again showing your level of intelligence when it comes to history . 
   but as i said it wo n't be possible for nationalist chauvinist lithuanians . 
  yeah right , point me out comments where i 'm chauvinist . 
   wilno was part of poland since early medievals source ? 
   the city was almost exclusively inhabited by poles with jews being a minority . 
  lithuanians did n't make 1 % of the population until 1945 . 
  only after partitions did the city became fully polonised . 
  unless you can give me sources which says otherwise . 
   he has support in the awpl and people vote for him that means they share his views . 
  they vote for him because they share `` ethnicity '' not views . 
   no , but fact that lithuanians collaborated with nazis and executed their orders . 
  like any other nation in europe that was under occupation of nazi germany , or any ally of it . 
  as i said , i 'm not perpetrator who fallowed nazi regime 's orders , so why should i feel guilty of crimes i have n't committed ? 
   so you compare a retaliation after couple of people died with a mass murder of 70,000 intellectuals ? 
  are you really defending crimes ? 
  god dammit you 're a sick bastard . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanization you do realize i can counter this thing with your very own [ polonization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polonization ) . 
  unlike lithuanization .
