   regardless , us/nato military posture is obviously more aggressive than that of russia . 
  that says more than enough about you . 
   as i said , nato outspends russia about 15:1 because first , nato is not one country , second russia is poor af compare to major nato countries like usa . 
   to my knowledge , russia has n't done anything remotely as insane and atrocious as flying half-way around the world to pulverize entire nations , like the us has in iraq and libya for instance . 
  because russia is so poor it can only pulverize neighbouring nations ( e.g georgia , moldova , ukraine ) so stop talking bull shit . 
   there 's absolutely no good reason to trust the dominating power structures in the west any more than you would trust vladimir putin or soviet russia . 
  yeah . 
  yeah . 
  like i would listen to you . 
  lol  enough with all the team spirit already . 
  this is about empiricism and rational analysis , nothing else - apart from the survival of the species of course . 
  no shit , that 's why we joined nato and eu , to survive and not become corrupt sh * t hole that russia was and still is . 
   with the current demonization of russia and the wardrums constantly being beaten by western leaders , we may have no such luck the next time . 
  if there is one nation that demonizes other nations , it 's russia . 
  putin is the one that beats war drums waving nuclear weiner , making practices on nuclear attack on swedish capital , which is n't even nato country , constant air space violations , bombing innocent people in syria , shooting down passenger plane , supporting fifth-columns all over europe , occupying sovereign nations land and then crying why other nations do n't like them . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/03/20/the-baltic-elves-taking-on-pro-russian-trolls.html ), 
   well that 's cute , but it does n't change the fact that nato/the us is in breach of both the abm and the deals with gorbachev regarding the expansion of nato . 
  that 's a myth . 
   us to close the eye on european east if they agree to act agaisnt china that 's why [ european army ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icsvwgq_rwu ) is getting pushed further and further into the light , since main opponent against it was uk which is probably leaving the union . 
  in no world this would happen , there are many reasons why , first one would be that we 're way too integrated into eu structure , second and most important is that china loves * status quo * , but also they would rather ally with eu than with russia , russian asian part is rather seen by chinese as possible future colony and acquiring it would greatly boosted their economical power house . 
  succession is meaningless knowing the future . 
   a huge variety of potato dishes can be found all over europe and the world . 
  easy to grow even in poorer soils and harsher climates , contains lots of energy , and can be made into a big variety of dishes with relatively little effort . 
  [ yeah no shit ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/55/potatoyield.png/1280px-potatoyield.png ) . 
   pretty much a textbook example for poor man 's food . 
  every food can be called poor man 's food . 
  i just do n't get your connotation on the potato . 
   i 'm sorry if this offends your national pride or whatever but the potato stereotype comes from the much more recent soviet era , let 's be honest , the baltics were one giant shithole . 
  yeah , we were poor under soviets , good look on jarhead , that does not mean that we were starving , considering the fact we were richest out of all ussr parts . 
  if not ussr we would be at same economical size as mini bavaria - you . 
  yes , but such thing as ukraine did n't exist back then . 
  it 's not poor men food , it 's typical for northern europeans . 
   often during bad times there was little else to eat in those countries . 
  you do realize polish-lithuanian commonwealth was bread basket of europe ? 
   which makes the baltics the taint \\  . , 
  more german than german . 
  i do n't oppose that . 
  it 's time for braliukas to know what it feels to have an empire . 
  baltic germans best germans . 
  polskawealth worst wealth , it stinks liberum veto . 
   baltic states were allies of germany lol . 
  we were strictly neutral , especially lithuania , that 's why all the neighbours ( nazi germany , poland and ussr ) were successful with their ultimatums . 
  we have been prosecuting nazis since 35 's in lithuania , they took klaip\u0117da region from in 39 's which made our economy tank a lot , if we refused we would have been invaded by them . 
  nazis suggested us to invade poland and to re-take vilnius region , but we refused even though acquiring vilnius region was our number 1 goal in interwar poland . 
  after nazis and soviets have split poland we took their refugees and what was left of their soldiers without giving a second thought . 
  hell even after first soviet occupation lithuanian people greeted nazis as liberators with flowers in their hands , do you really want to know how brutal your red army was ? 
   according to the coroner 's examination after the exhumation , both the report and the testimonies of witnesses , concurred that ** the soviets cut off tongues , ears , genitals , scalps , put genitals into mouths , picked out eyes , pulled off fingernails , made belts of victims ' skins to tie their hands , burned them with torches and acid , crushed bones and skulls , all done while the prisoners were still alive ** . , the organizers of the massacre included pyotr raslan , boris mironov , nachman dushanski , political leader of 8th border army mikhail kompanyanec , nkvd kretinga county deputy director yermolayev , nkvd lieutenant zhdanov and others . 
   but we never were a colonial empire , our approach is different . 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  tsarist russia gave us bat shit insane governor that hanged people left and right . 
  -   on 13 may 1863 tsar alexander ii of russia appointed mikhail nikolayevich muravyov as the governor general of the vilna governorate . 
  his duties included both suppression of the uprising , and implementation of the russification policy . 
  because the situation was perceived as critical , muravyov was temporarily granted extremely wide powers . 
  muravyov and ivan petrovich kornilov , the newly appointed director of the vilnius educational district , prepared a radical long-term russification program that became known as the program of restoration of russian beginnings ( lithuanian : rus\u0173 prad\u0173 atk\u016brimo programa ) . 
  ** its stated goals were to ** : -   eliminate the polish language from public life   prevent the employment of catholics in government institutions   control and restrict the catholic church   create favourable conditions for the spread of eastern orthodoxy   replace lithuanian parish schools with russian grammar schools   encourage ethnic russians to resettle in lithuanian lands   replace the latin alphabet with the cyrillic alphabet   ban any lithuanian-language publications in the latin alphabet, 
   that is why you lost your allies in eastern europe and europe is wary of you . 
  they never had ones to begin with , puppet governments do n't count considering all of us fought in [ partisan war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forest_brothers ) for ~ 10 years . 
  while our legitimate president a. smetona was burned in his house ( probably by kgb for obvious reasons ) which he bought in usa after being forced into exile by soviet invasion of the baltics . 
   even baltic people do n't want to be in the baltics !, 
  because your `` glorious '' country forced worst ideology of xx century that completely fucked our economy for 50 years . 
   why the hell would russia take on the baltics ? 
  they provide very little value in anything , and all they 'll do is be super fucking annoying and start killing ethnic russians . 
  god , what makes you think we will act as your `` glorious '' red army ? 
  i 'd like some nice chickens too !, 
  wall of kebabs on spikes / s, 
  polish throne rightfully belongs to lithuania , grybauskait\u0117 is your new overlord , accept or prepare to be bombed with cepelinai . 
   has recently been purchesing ofensive weapons , particularely rocket systems and has ambisions to forcefuly take slovenian land and see . 
  why do you think they are using these weapons to take over slovenia ? 
  croatia is part of eu and nato , which means attacking a fellow european country would fucked them hard . 
  that 's just plain stupid , it 's like saying poland is increasing it 's military spending to occupy vilnius region again ... 
  laughable thought given modern times . 
   how many do they have ? 
  canada - 9 denmark - 0 , sold last one year prior . 
  norway - 2  same should go for all countries , but history has taught us that is not the case . 
  if you have your big enouth army at the right place you can do basicly anything . 
  no it does not . 
  if you do that you certainly entering total war . 
   2 ) who will break the ice for the us ships to sail frew if the us has no icebreakers ? 
   they are aserting them selves most strongly . 
  philipines already recognized chinas soverenety ower south china see ( soon to do so offitialy i believe ) . 
  no reason to think same recepie wont work here . 
  that does n't mean that china is free to do what it wants there . 
   because you invaded them 15 years ago and your troops are still on their soil , contrary to what you have said earlier . 
  usa/nato did n't invade afghanistan , but a terrorist group that was present there . 
   because we have n't installed our marionettes in governments of those countries ? 
  laughing my ass off . 
  source of this ? 
   of course . 
  first you bomb them , divide into pieces , then install your supporters , then take them into an alliance as members . 
  you really like to talk bull shit do n't you ? 
   of course . 
  crimea was n't annexed also . 
  green men are not a country , how could they annex anything ? 
   crimea was annexed by russian federation . 
   there are 12500 nato personnel in afghanistan now , not counting mercenaries and hired local servicemen . 
  operation started in 2001 , more than 15 years ago . 
  because those forces help afghani government to get rid of terrorist and islamic militias that are still present there , you do know that they do joint operations ? 
  which unlike russia does n't have support of moldova , georgia or ukraine government . 
   nato forces deployed in slovenia and croatia - remains of yugoslavia . 
  source ?
