  either way from your post i realised you 're just a troll who likes to stir shit up so i 'm not going to talk with you any further . 
  does n't look same word to me . 
  yeah right ... 
  communism , not even once . 
  imagine if russia used some historical sites of warsaw in it 's passports just because it used to be part of russian empire , you can imagine how poles would react . 
  interwar nationalism from both sides destroyed all the legacy of commonwealth . 
  the only time vilnius was part of poland was during interwar period [ 1920 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u017beligowski%27s_mutiny ) till 1939 so 19 years . 
   who cares about relationship with lithuania ? 
  poland should care about good relationship with russia and germany as they matter thousand times more than lithuania . 
  looked how well that turned out during interwar period ... and look how much of a well relationship does poland have with russia and germany ... stop kidding yourself . 
  well if poles want bad relationship again then go ahead . 
  just like neo-nazis are bastardisation of national socialism , antifa is bastardisation of communism . 
  both ideologies are flawed , now give it to dumb as hell person and see it go worse . 
  it 's hilarious how so called antifa dress code is similar to national socialists , though it 's still bastard dressing . 
  so russia truly staying to its roots . 
  for the new empire !, 
  polish-lithuanians do . 
  i 'm pretty sure we can , we have drones flying over border with belarus and kaliningrad region non stop , mostly because criminals try to smuggle cheap af cigarettes from belarus or kaliningrad and re sell them in lithuania in black market . 
  not really , they see him as leader of polish minority in lithuania , so in most cases they have good look at him , but behind scenes he 's kremlin 's puppet getting himself pocket monkey just like le pen . 
   because civilians are where you get the conscripted soldiers ( which is the scenario in a total war , again hypothetical ) . 
  conscripts are only relevant when professional army is too small , which in european case , it 's not . 
  that still does n't make their opinion relevant , they 're part of nato and eu , they 're obligated to help . 
  again who are you to decide what other million of people think ? 
   do you believe that they would come and fight for you ? 
  yes , i do . 
   as someone who visited europe and even lived for periods , i got the impression that no one is willing to fight anymore for anything again , what do civilians have to do with military let alone governments decision ? 
  pretty impossible , given how strict laws for guns are in lithuania . 
  and since crimea thing we started catching russian/belarusian spies . 
   good luck convincing people in balkans and mediterranean and even in central europe to die for lithuania . 
  that implies that we should accept occupation as there is no way out . 
  are n't you doing the exactly of emotional sensationalism ? 
  * nobody will go to war for you , just give up ... * civilians are not going to war , soldiers do , they do what they 're commanded and if it means protecting a fellow european state i 'm more than sure that morale will not be broken down . 
  as your opinion somehow goes line-to-line with other million of people ... 
  ummm , yes ? 
  every nato soldier is [ beloved ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5703/22413217086_7499d841c4_o.jpg ) here . 
  you all teutons look the same to me !, 
   you ca n't say that all russians who protest something are violent ( have arms , etc. ), 
  or are being paid , especially since the baltic states have quite a big number of ethnic russians . 
  latvia and estonia does , we do n't . 
  green men are impossible in lithuania , because we have very small russian minority , smaller than polish one , the only counter-weight russia has is stirring relation between lithuanian poles and ethnic lithuanians , which is exactly what they 're doing with their polish-lithuanian puppet - [ valdemaras toma\u0161evskis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valdemar_toma\u0161evski ) . 
  he 's talking about german army getting demonized in homeland while in lithuania they 're cheered with flowers . 
  napoleon watched his troops march towards moscow from kaunas ( lithuania ) after passing neman river . 
  nah , just [ re-establish constitutional monarchy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_lithuania_ ( 1918 \\ ) ) and invite great grandson ( ? ), 
  of wilhelm karl , duke of urach . 
  god damn soviets . 
  [ me right now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gudccey09tm ), 
  if only sweden and finland joined ... 
  well at least you 're first at something . 
   we are the ones who survived the war without shooting or receiving a single bullet . 
  and you are the ones who got overran twice . 
  i guess your [ geopolitical knowledge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov\u2013ribbentrop_pact ) is somewhere in the bottom of the ocean . 
  we got sandwiched between two greatest evils . 
   internal business , no one again overran us . 
  we did not become a vassal state or annexed one . 
  good for you , now look where that got you so far ... 
  nowhere . 
  lithuania already surpassed turkey by several thousand dollars in gdp per capita even though our economy got wrecked by enforced communism for 50 years . 
   on the contray , we expanded to cyprus . 
  and we still are expanding as we are speaking , into northern iraq . 
  you invaded cyprus and now starting to colonize northern part of it ... 
  if you consider that an achievement i ' m more than happy to see that turkey will never become eu member . 
  even then if it was n't for bosphorus strait , i doubt you would been in nato . 
   and we still are expanding as we are speaking , into northern iraq . 
  keep supporting isis . 
   again , internal issue , and also irrelevant . 
  like , democracy index is not the issue here . 
  it is . 
   bitch please , only istanbul makes more money than your entire country lol . 
  our country was destroyed during ww2 ( ussr blocked marshall plan for our state ) , we had 50 years of enforced communism on our state . 
  and [ look ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd?locations=lt-tr ) how far we got ahead of you . 
  most integrated member of european union . 
  besides state of 80 million people should compare itself to same size countries . 
   wheras countries like lithuania got invaded , and later on became either annexed states or vassal ones . 
  and we , got admitted to nato . 
  you do realize we were neutral ? 
   if you had 1 % of intelligence that our administration had , perhaps you could have survived without getting raped by both axis and comintern . 
  i can not withstand your stupidity . 
   germany has not fought a single war since ww2 . 
  they do not even hold a proper army , and gdp of germany does not mean all the money is poured into the army . 
  gdp actually has nothing to do with the army at all . 
  what matters is how much money the army receives and how well it is being trained , which does not even happen in germany since they are way too passifistic . 
  instead , they do gay parades , which is something i can praise in context of homosexuality , really . 
  wheras turkey has fought in korean war , cyprus war , and constantly fights in northern iraq with kurdish rebels/terrorists whatever you prefer . 
  on top of that , germany cancelled conscription . 
  people are too careless about war or anything . 
  if putin knocks the door , they would run to france . 
  and look there that got you , several coups ( unstable government ) , soon-to-be-dictatorship and still an economic weakling . 
  intelgent turks are moving out to the west , while all erdogans suppoerters remains . 
   we saw those `` best german tanks '' in battle of kursk . 
  they were so sure that russia would be overrun . 
  germany did not lack good tanks , it lacked metal . 
  that 's why it prioritized quality over quantity . 
  and what ww2 has to do with modern tanks ? 
  two very different worlds . 
   we have seen how germany did in the last war they waged . 
  next time when you want to give an example , at least try britain or something . 
  i am not even saying lithuania of course , since you are currently busy with not getting annexed by russia , which has been your foreign policy since a couple of centuries lol . 
  good luck . 
  britain was a break towards unified european army .
