  if you want commonwealth then accept d. grybauskait\u0117 as your rightful queen ( make her king for historical accuracy =d ) , okay ? 
  given current polish government and their decisions ... 
  and cats , meow . 
   if russia wants eastern europe to leave the eu and join eeu dream big , kid , dream big . 
  everyone knows slovenia is just [ austria on discount ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vxypbc9.png ) . 
  that 's not our goal ... lol, 
  what ? 
  because you have conscription . 
  hey we have observer status in nordic council , once we 're wealthy , homogay countries , i 'm sure they will accept us as one of their own . 
  sounds like a guy tries to pronounce muilas . 
  you pronounce j as h , we do n't :p, 
  because we 're nazi , white supremacist of course . 
  i imagine spanish laughing like mad german scientists . 
  hey , you make us rich !, 
   i 'm talking about late xix early xx century when lithuania nation was invented ; okay we 're done here . 
   you could at least try to prove me wrong instead of calling me names umm , you 're the one that should show proof that lithuania calls jogaila a traitor and that union with poland was a mistake . 
   nope , poland did n't really cared if lithuanians are independent or not , after taking part poland was interested in , ethnically lithuanian area was n't really wanted . 
  it was only your phobia , that poland dreamed about conquering whole lithuania all time . 
  of course they stopped once they realized we did n't want to be a polish province . 
   from the other hand , lithuania successfully pissed of all big neighbours and prevented a creation of any `` third power '' coalition in that area . 
  for sure poland wasted a occasion to create a independent belarus , shame . 
  nobody out side poland and france supported this . 
  not even a single nation that was suppose to be under this `` intermarium federation '' wanted to have anything to do with it . 
   your assumption is wrong . 
  drawing a new borders on ruins of empires in 20 's is not comparable with modern times . 
  which league of nations opposed but poland showed middle finger to it . 
   why not ? 
  already answered that . 
  poland is the fool , they expected lithuanians to sacrifice their nation and built up national consciousness just to end up as polish province . 
  besides such thing as nationalism did n't exist back then , you 're talking non sense right now . 
   jagie\u0142\u0142o was treated as a traitor and the union with poland as a mistake in the best case ; again proving how brainwashed are you . 
  that we reject our commonwealth heritage ? 
  we just do n't embrace it like fools who look into past instead of looking into a future . 
  that 's what you 're brainwashed into thinking . 
  i wonder why eu is not nagging about us , oh yeah because it 's literally unimportant issue that holds no problem towards day-to-day life , just butthurt poles being butthurt over vilnius just like we were during interwar period . 
  of course they would n't . 
  poles could n't bare such a thing as independent lithuania , so much for polish anti-imperialism while being imperialistic state in the region . 
  i also assume you support russian take over of crimea ? 
  greece and turkey are not same as lithuania and poland , we should n't compare other countries since they hold far different history . 
  unlike most of them poland and lithuania histories are intertwined . 
  of course we would shut down border when you literally stole our capital city that was part of lithuania for centuries . 
  you really expect us bend the knee after polish-lithuanian war ? 
   slavic catholic south we 're not slavs reeeeeeeeeee, 
  ca n't you all relocate to alaska ? 
  because they fought against second soviet occupation of their homeland after witnessing red terror . 
  i wonder what makes you pro-soviet ? 
  is it deportations ? 
  mass killing of women and children ? 
  raping their way towards berlin ? 
  starting war together with nazi germany and splitting poland in half ? 
  i wonder what ? 
  well henrikas daktaras is pretty famous criminal here . 
  leader of `` daktarai '' gang , committed around 200 crimes , between them 30 manslaughter , even his own cousin and other members of gang . 
  first time he ended up in jail when he was still 19 years old . 
  it 's just pretty much chaos that transition from communism to capitalism created which criminals used to their advantage . 
  thank god we manage to get into eu , which unlike russia that is controlled by putin and his gang . 
  yeah , [ lithuania ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/rok_1863_polonia.jpg ( ( blonde one ) is depicted as woman in art . 
  \u0160\u0161\u0161\u0161 , iceland is denmark . 
   just do n't tell icelanders . 
  we have no distinctive definition between german livonian and finnic livonian . 
  lithuanian-soviet war . 
  broliukas that we should have liberated from livonians when we were still apex predator in the cee region . 
  in short , you think we 're not ? 
  probably germany would come to our aid or at very least occupy half of lithuania and make it a puppet state with augustinas voldemaras as head of government , but that 's only probability . 
  * germany , led by adolf hitler , now turned its attention to the klaip\u0117da region , then held by lithuania . 
  in april 1938 , hitler stated that control of the port of klaip\u0117da ( german : memel ) and its surrounding area was germany 's second-most important issue , following the status of the sudeten area . 
  in the event of armed hostilities between poland and lithuania , german troops were to defend and occupy the klaip\u0117da region and significant portions of western lithuania . 
  the polish ambassador to nazi germany , j\u00f3zef lipski , was informed of these plans . 
  the poles agreed to cooperate with german troops and to respect german interests in klaip\u0117da if such an armed conflict were to arise . 
  * that 's because lithuania was quite a big german sympathizer ( mostly due to lithuanian-soviet war ) because we hated both poland ( you know why ) and france ( because it was huge supporter of poland ) , also given that even after take over of memelland/klaip \u0117da region , hitler did n't want to completely alienate lithuania from it 's sphere of influence just to make it complete economical dependence on german reich , which in turn would mean lithuanians supporting nazi foreign policy and probably [ take over of lithuania by fascist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/augustinas_voldemaras ) would be successfully done . 
  you 're so wrong , only did after 1927 did actually polish and lithuanian relations started to normalize , but even then it took ultimatum and threat of war to even `` normalize relations '' by poland . 
  * there were unsuccessful informal attempts to normalize the situation , most notably by the lithuanian prime minister augustinas voldemaras ( funnily he would lead iron wolf org . 
  and attempt , and fail pro-fascist coup in lithuania ) between 1927 and 1928 and by foreign minister stasys lozoraitis between 1934 and 1936 , who asked president smetona to re-establish the diplomatic relations with poland . 
  both sides engaged in emotional and nationalistic rhetoric . 
   and your arguments ran out , so lets call names . 
  i 'm not calling names , i just see how defence you are . 
   by the way , why even bring 1919 when i brought 1926 ? 
  before 1926 post-war situation was starting to normalising slowly , but then after coup lithuanian nationalists have taken relations back to point zero . 
  after pilsudski 's death mistreatment of minorities increased more . 
  not really triggering since it fallows lithuanian cultural pattern green/red colours with lithuanian weaving pattern . 
  we belarus now xd, 
  so self centric , like a true pole , you would fit right in with other nationalists in interwar period . 
   yes , they polonised themselves voluntarily . 
  it was lithuanian sejm , which voted to change official gdl language from old belarussian to polish . 
  old ruthenian , not belarusian . 
   about interwar period , it is also good to mention , that after nationalists coup in 1926 in lithuania all polish -- school were closed , around 80 ** . 
  as second polish republic did n't ? 
  * after the uprising , poland repressed lithuanian cultural life in sejny . 
  lithuanian schools in sejny ( which had some 300 pupils ) and surrounding villages were closed . 
  [ 11 ] the local lithuanian clergy were evicted , and the sejny priest seminary relocated . 
  [ 6 ] according to lithuanians , the repressions were even more far-reaching , including a ban on public use of the lithuanian language and the closing of lithuanian organizations , which had a total of 1,300 members . 
  [ 11 ] [ 28 ] the new york times , reporting on renewed hostilities a year later , described the 1919 sejny events as a violent occupation by the poles , in which the lithuanian inhabitants , teachers , and religious ministers were maltreated and expelled . 
   giving vilnius to you would have the same sense as giving constantinople back to greece ... 
  which was greek was aiming for your information . 
   lithuania wanted to create a country with ethnic borders from medieval times . 
  lithuania did not wanted to create ethnic lithuania else would have ditched both klaip\u0117da and vilnius claims ... we wanted [ ethnographic lithuania ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/etnoregionai.png ) . 
  ruthenian and lithuanian upper classes were successfully polonised , not surprising at all . 
  as i said it 's easy for nation of 40 million , compare to nation of 2.8 million people whose two biggest neighbours ( russian and poland ) and one former neighbour ( germany ) tried assimilated nation into their society . 
  not allowing dual street names or polish latter into lithuanian passport can be seen as pure oppression . 
  i 'm against incorporation of polish latter into polish-lithuanian passports , i 'm not against dual street names as i see it being a problem for day-to-day life for polish-lithuanian minority .
