i 'm guessing he 's referring to this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_submarine_k-278_komsomolets, 
  the reason the us stayed in germany ( beyond the rebuilding effort ) was to prevent the ussr from swallowing the western half . 
  germans have a very high personal savings rate when compared to other nations . 
  ... and a large piece of metal entering the passenger compartment with enough force to kill occupants . 
  i liked romania , it was a beautiful country and it seemed like people were working hard , making it a better place and trying to root out the corruption left behind by ceau\u0219escu / communism . 
  my only complaint is that romanians are too hard on their home . 
  you have a great country , refugees would be foolish to overlook it . 
  unlike the wealthier european nations , they could hope to own some land and romania will grow by leaps and bounds in the next 30 years , they could grow with it . 
  that , and the exchange rates really work in our favor when we visit . 
  what i spend on groceries for a week at home will let me live like a king for a month in many countries . 
  people immigrate hearing about a great wage ( thinking of what that buys back home ) only to discover it 's a subsistence wage in their host nation . 
  it 's apt , brothers make a sport of insulting each other but they also have each other 's backs if something serious happens . 
  article 5 is a core component of us foreign military policy and ignoring an invasion of any nato member , even a small member like estonia , would kill nato outright . 
  the us would respond militarily to a russian invasion of estonia . 
  with all that r&d maybe someday vw will figure out how to design a car where technicians do n't have to remove the front end to perform basic repairs . 
  maybe he thinks belgium is a large city rather than a small country ? 
  most eu member states ca n't even meet their nato spending requirements . 
  just saying ... 
  you should swing by the un and complain about that . 
  you can grow it , but people freak out when you start talking about thorium breeder reactors . 
  some animals are more equal than others . 
  germany , france and the uk have about twice the population of the largest us states , it should n't surprise anyone that they have a higher gross gdp . 
  how do combined arms work again ? 
  because in 1950 , east berlin was functionally a russian military base . 
  a lot of it was redundancy to account for losing many of them on the ground or in flight . 
  it 's horrifying how close we came to annihilation . 
  i suppose turn about is fair play ... 
  that , and the well off can afford to lose a little income without impacting their lifestyle . 
  people living paycheck to paycheck will feel even a small loss in income . 
  there 's a few different types that do n't cover the face . 
  here 's a link with names and pictures : http://twentytwowords.com/not-all-headscarves-are-burkas-7-types-of-muslim-headwear-for-women/, 
   paris ? 
  that is france 's problem one might think . 
  no need to sacrifice our men.the moment it starts to hit close at home ? 
  it means war . 
  it varies depending on the nation you 're talking about . 
  the us takes article 5 of nato very seriously , i 'm quite sure the us is willing to match the french response and the other nato members will follow the french/us . 
  edit ~ my responses was a bit vague , sorry about that . 
  what i was getting at is it wo n't take an attack on home soil to get nato to act . 
  if france is willing to go to war the us will provide military support and even war weary members like the uk will be pressured to assist . 
  right , and romania 's economy is growing while russia 's is shrinking/stagnating . 
  meanwhile , russian per capita gdp is lower than their former satellites that are in the eu . 
  propaganda wo n't buy medicine , put a roof over your head or fill an empty stomach . 
  should of used a larger divisor . 
  10 uae sized nations instead of 1 saudi arabia sized country , run borders through mecca and medina to insure no single nation controls them . 
  ... and because tone does n't work in text , yes , i 'm joking . 
  the misake here is you 're using value in absolute terms , where value is relative to the individuals in question . 
  for example : a refrigerator is a fairly important component of a modern household and can be purchased with the equivalent of less than a week 's wages . 
  to a person in an agrarian society , a refrigerator is nearly useless ( different food storage methods , no or unreliable electricity ) and would cost a year ( or more ) labor . 
  value is relative , particularly when you 're looking at different cultures and economic systems . 
  again , not what i wrote . 
  i 'm arguing the relative sacrifice is lower , which is a nuanced but relevant distinction . 
  if you disagree form an actual arguement that addresses my points instead of simply naysaying . 
   this is simply wrong . 
  there are plenty of non-agrarian societies around the world with high birthrates . 
  reread what i wrote , because i never wrote that . 
  you stated there was nothing unique about the sacifice involved in having children in a modern society . 
  i countered that the relative sacrifice is much higher in a modern information based economy when compared to an older agrarian society . 
  if you 're going to write that i 'm `` simply wrong '' please address what i actually wrote instead of going off on a tangent about birthrate in unspecified societies . 
   literally any time in the history of mankind people have had to sacrifice this or that to have a child . 
  there 's nothing unique in these days . 
  the sacrifice has grown considerably . 
  in an agrarian society , children are a source of additional labor . 
  threre 's addition sacrifice when they 're small but as they age they can help around the home and work in the fields . 
  children also represented your `` retirement '' , providing for you in your old age as your health and capacity to work declines . 
  in an information based society childrens spend their entire childhood being educated . 
  they do n't perform `` adult '' work until they 're well into adulthood and out of their parent 's home . 
  a comfortable retirement is now investment based , and is built during the time you 're most biologically prepared to have children . 
  the origins are pagan , the catholic church merely adopted it . 
  no it 's not , because germany has over 7 times the gdp of poland . 
  maybe we should rename nato to neto . 
   they are not trying to keep it away from us , are they ? 
  of couse not , they want to provide the programs you want so you wo n't leave them for a future competitor . 
  caps lock will always be cruise control for cool !, 
  `` nato missiles on the border '' has very little to do with russian intensions to dismantle both the eu and nato . 
  nothing short of total capitulation will satisfy the kremlin . 
  the eu and nato are the primary impediments to russia manipulating or crushing outright the nations russia desires to use as buffer states . 
  from putin 's perspective the eu and nato must be weakened and dismantled . 
  the biggest problem is that most americans do n't travel internationally . 
  many only leave their home city a few times in their life and have nothing beyond tv to teach them about the world . 
  if more americans traveled they 'd be more sympathetic . 
  what you 're suggesting would only increase xenophobia , which is how the current situation has come to be . 
   imagine if germany had seperate visa requirements for california and new york . 
  imagine if germany was ran from belgium and merkel only wielded the power of a state governor . 
  did we read the same article ? 
  i got the reapeated message of `` i thought i did what i was supposed to , why are they treating me this way ? 
  nobody should have to go through this . '', 
   obviously people are different , it would take time to take hold in certain places and people were aware of such things before even the first world war ; but i think it came to be the worldwide belief it is today , after ww2 . 
  so when we see examples of ` abominations ' , as you call it , post-ww2 , thats when i would consider it to be truly horrible , to act so cruelly despite all we know of the value of other people and the repercussions of those actions . 
  i 'm sorry , your position makes no sense . 
  according to your position , the armenian genocide was ok ( pre-ww2 ) the holocaust was n't unethical ( but it almost was , it happened right before the cutoff ) but pol pot 's purges were unethical . 
  ethics are n't a matter of dates and the question of right and wrong predates the roman empire . 
  you can find examples of prohibitions against murder in humanities oldest religious texts and legal documents . 
  the qin dynasty abolished slavery before the romans invaded into gaul . 
  i would counter that we 've known murder and slavery to be wrong for a very long time , but greed causes men to ignore ethics . 
   gallic tribes were also militaristic societies , which dabbled in murder and slavery . 
  sure , and when they did so they too were wrong . 
  but we 're discussing roman conquest , and the person i was responding to was justifying mass murder as acceptable because it brought them `` civilization '' . 
  the sliding scale of moral relativism is an interesting topic , how far back in history do you think we 'd have to go for the slaughter and enslavement of millions to go from `` abomination '' to `` progress '' ? 
   believeing that they were defending their homs from foreign aggressors , they were people defending their homes from militaristic slavers .
