  v4 , austria and others have repeatedly showed willingness to help , but not at the expense of establishing a dangerous precedent of giving up sovereignty over immigration policy and encouraging more migrants to try their luck by attempting illegal entry into europe . 
  i could just as well say `` greece should shut up and deal with the migrants , otherwise it wo n't receive further eu bailouts '' . 
  that would also be a completely separate issue dragged into this . 
  * screw echr , it has no jurisdiction over national policy ( it can only decide on actions filed by individuals ) ; * refuse entry to any migrant not rescued in italian territorial waters . 
  * prosecute ngos violating the above point for human trafficking . 
  * announce that all craft ( ships , boats , etc. ), 
  used for human trafficking will be seized . 
  options exist , you only need bold leaders . 
  what demands ? 
  it is a friendly advice . 
  austria , btw , said the same thing , but also threatened to close the border with italy if italy keeps taking in migrants and issuing them documents to travel all over the eu . 
  because there needs to be an eu agreement and mandate to do this . 
  ( 1 ) enact a policy of returning migrants rescued in international/libyan waters back to libya ( and analogous policies with respect to other source countries ) ; ( 2 ) build extraterritorial eu asylum processing centres in libya . 
  returned migrants ' applications will be processed there , in safety and under protection of eu border guards and/or military forces ; ( 3 ) migrants whose applications were denied will be returned to countries of origin at eu expense . 
  if libya or one of its governments refuses to co-operate , the eu should secure nato assistance and force the issue . 
  peacekeeping forces would be deployed on libyan territory to protect eu asylum processing centres that would be constructed . 
  lease for the territory would be agreed once the libyans come to their senses . 
  i 'd support my country 's government substantial participation is such a policy 100 % , even if it costs a lot . 
  non-cooperation on the part of other eu countries . 
  it is obviously easier to slam the `` easterners '' instead of listening . 
  look , i get it , it is hard to listen to the likes of orb\u00e1n , but that does not mean he and the others are always wrong . 
  because it is insane : you keep paying high rent and in the end , if something happens , you have nowhere to live . 
  the economic uncertainty makes this a very unattractive option for couples and families . 
  so , central european countries are supposed to accept italy 's * dubious lessons and threats * , shut up , and start importing migrants italians let into europe . 
  and people wonder why this whole issue is controversial ...  `` we do our duty , as we expect the whole of europe to do shoulder to shoulder with italy , '' gentiloni said during a visit to turin . 
   `` we do n't accept dubious lessons or threats , '' he added . 
   his comments came after his hungarian counterpart viktor ** orban said he and the leaders of the czech republic , slovakia and poland had written to gentiloni , urging him not to allow migrant rescue ships to dock at ports on the italian mainland . 
  **  in the remarks to hungary 's kossuth public radio , orban said the so-called ** visegrad leaders were willing offer help to italy and the rest of the european union in preventing the migrant boats setting sail from chaos-wracked libya and ensuring humanitarian conditions for migrants in libyan and offshore camps ** . 
   but orban rejected compulsory quotas for the relocation of migrants from italy , spain and greece to other eu nations and said genuine asylum-seekers should be identified before they were allowed to enter europe . 
  you know that european integration has succeeded when far right groups form pan-european organisations ... 
  screw libya . 
  if they ca n't control their borders , we should do it for them , with or without consent . 
  good . 
  we need to stand up for reason ( before we elect babi\u0161 and lose our democracy too ) . 
  i had a summer school there years ago and i had a great time in and around the town . 
  there is a region called `` czech canada '' nearby , great for hiking ( and you 'll find little pre-ww2 forts here and there in the forests  ) . 
  bah , beer is our milk . 
  if it is a dual one , i am all for it . 
   every prediction of imminent collapse has been wrong . 
  this does not confer any kind of guarantee that the next one wo n't be right . 
  the easter islanders certainly did not find a substitute for wood , the maya did not find substitute for fertile land and rain , and we will not find easy substitutes for high eroei fuels and other critical resources which are currently the basis of the global economy . 
  i am not saying solutions do n't exist , but it is definitely not guaranteed that we will manage to implement these solutions * before * we collapse due to a triple whammy of overpopulation ( population overshoot , as old as life itself ) , resource shortages and environmental damage . 
  some regions are much closer to a collapse than others . 
  the trouble is , in the current global economic climate , collapses wo n't stay contained in one region -- they 'll spill over because of all the interconnections that exist in the global economy . 
  he was alarmed , yet confident this ca n't happen here due to the way our senate works . 
  * the current problem in poland lies in the lack of understanding of the basic principles of a democratic state governed by rule of law . 
  the term itself contains a certain dichotomy , because democracy is supposed to be a rule of the majority , but rule of law also means overruling this majority . 
  * * it appears that the current situation in poland is almost a caricature of this arrangement and role of the government , since it is based on a belief that the majority not only has a right to rule for a limited period of time , but that it also has a `` monopoly '' on truth . 
  * * democracy means change in power , periodic election , continuous re-creation of the political representation , meaning that governing is temporary . 
  the currently elected political representatives ca n't just decide to simply bulldoze the whole system and usurp power forever . 
  * words to live by . 
  any chance they get voted out of office in the next election ( 2019 ) ? 
  or will poland already be a russian-style authoritative regime by then ? 
  you guys really know how to overreact . 
  under po ( civic platform ) , poland was finally being respected by the rest of europe and seen as a partner to work with on many issues . 
  then you elected pis and it 's back to square one -- all the stereotypes about nationalistic poland the trouble-maker are back . 
  sigh . 
  it is slightly funny though . 
  an advice from czechia : defenestration works better . 
  if you think that dismantling the democracy we fought for in 1968 and 1989 is `` rational '' , you need a psychiatrist . 
  china is a highly centralised , reasonably effective state which , moreover , adopted measures to limit excessive population growth . 
  india , while not being so harsh , is also a reasonably functional country ( by third-world standards ) . 
  africa , on the other hand , oh boy . 
  i do n't think there was ever anything like this in history : essentially iron age tribal societies suddenly and violently lifted to modernity in less than a century . 
  perhaps if europeans maintained the colonies for another 50 years , ensuring higher education levels and early spread of contraceptives , we might have saved that continent . 
  but alas , they got an opportunity to doom themselves . 
  sadly , you 're probably right . 
  but it will get far worse if ( even more ) extreme overpopulation is added to the mix . 
  a techno-optimist 's view . 
  i might just as well say that all of this depends on cheap and plentiful natural resources , which we have or are exhausting at an unprecedented rate . 
  i 'll quote diamond 's comment from his book * collapse * :  `` i have often asked myself , `` what did the easter islander who cut down the last palm tree say while he was doing it ? '' like modern loggers , did he shout `` jobs , not trees ! '' ? 
  or : ** `` technology will solve our problems , never fear , we 'll find a substitute for wood '' ** ? 
  crucially , even if all the techno-optimistic dreams came true , their implementation would still depend on an unprecedented co-operation between developed and developing nations . 
  no amount of money is going to stop a collapse of a country with hundreds of millions of people . 
  it will look like rwanda mixed with somalia : lawless , terrible , with tens of millions of people fleeing and dying as the society completely breaks apart . 
  this might be triggered e.g. 
  by a very bad harvest , water shortage , an epidemic or perhaps squabbles for the last remaining plots of fertile land . 
  `` most countries '' -- you clearly did not look at the pyramid . 
  look at the population pyramid and come back . 
  `` far-right idiots '' -- i.e. 
  the people who want to destroy the eu , believe that white people are the superior race , hate the jews because they `` control the world '' , support putin , etc. 
  i have nothing to do with these people . 
  i am well aware that some people will accuse me of belonging with them , which is why i am pre-empting them by saying i am not . 
  i believe it is perfectly ok for a centre-right liberal ( which is how i classify my views ) to comment the demographic impact mass-immigration would have on europe . 
  that will happen when overpopulation in some of the places listed above results in their total collapse and die-out of the population due to famine , war and diseases . 
  the survivors will maintain stable population due to the return of pre-modern population-control factors . 
  i do n't . 
  their agenda is completely different from mine . 
  i am not trying to be alarmist , but it needs to be said that the proposal put forward by many people that europe could '' * solve its demographic decline by taking in millions of people from africa and the middle east * '' would indeed result in a significant demographic and ethnic composition shift . 
  if someone wants to stick fingers in their ears , close their eyes and shout lalalalala to ignore this reality , that 's their problem . 
  i am saying this to point out that taking in massive numbers of migrants to replace the `` lack '' of children in europe would be a colossally stupid policy that would destroy the cultural character of europe . 
  this is clearly not supported by majority of europeans . 
  they should assemble a panel to prepare a series of robust anti-population-growth policies that will tackle population growth much faster than is currently the case . 
  ambitious goals should be set . 
  all options should be on the table ( i mean humane , non-violent ones ) . 
  a programme should be drafted , presented to the target nations and funded by the developed world . 
  all development aid should be conditional on acceptance and implementation of the programme . 
  massive increase in peacekeeping forces and their effectiveness should be implemented to stabilise war-torn regions , in order to implement anti-population-growth policies . 
  at the same time , europe should adopt safeguards to prevent itself from being overrun by inevitable massive population flows if the policy fails and africa and the middle east become `` failed continents '' . 
  we should probably leave the v4 , because being associated with the likes of pis and orb\u00e1n is n't really working for us , to be honest .
