i always find it amusing when austrians use the term `` eastern europe '' to refer to their neighbours in central europe . 
  i mean , have you ever seen a map ? 
  well , not everybody knows these types of shows . 
  imagine you just see a clip , out of context , where some guy you 've never heard about before keeps on ranting about how retarded the canadians are , how they screw their sisters and eat moose crap on christmas eve . 
  i think quite a few , especially if there was a language barrier , might take it the wrong way . 
  then somebody makes a story out of it on the net and everybody laughs at all those demented canadians for not understanding a joke . 
  right . 
  see my point ? 
  why should the eu be obliged to take in further millions of people who will never leave ( let 's make that point clear ) . 
  a propo , why should it be the eu 's job to shelter all the refugees from all the world ? 
  america is a big country constantly reminding everybody of how welcoming it is , why does n't it take in a few hundred thousand ? 
  or russia , the great peacekeeper ( cough cough ) . 
  or the rich arab states in the region , who have stakes in the conflict ? 
  everybody keeps acting as if it was the eus sole responsibility to heal the world . 
  it 's not in its job description . 
  slovak makes sense for czechia , but considering how awfully close the languages are to each other ( 99 % mutual intelligibility ) , they 're not really seen as `` minority languages '' deserving special attention . 
  i think a plenty of czech laws say openly that slovak is , for legal and other purposes , to be treated equally to czech . 
  immigrants living in the country for years should learn the language . 
  what an outrageous idea / sarcasm . 
  just a little comment - the pm of the outgoing cabinet has never been elected , he was given the job by his good friend the president who defied the parliament a few months ago and named a caretaker cabinet following the collapse of the previous coalition . 
  ( sorry for the confusion , czech politics is messy ) . 
  this sort of vulgar alpha-male lingo is common among many czech politicians , which is one of the reasons for their dismal approval rates . 
  yep . 
  i always wondered why the irish could n't manage to keep their own language like the czechs within the austrian empire . 
  but at least the habsburgs never actually tried to treat us like colonial `` savages '' to be herded into reservations and starved to death . 
  i do n't perceive it as a huge problem . 
  not compared to trying to push unified open source solution and getting everyone in europe to agree on what 's that going to be . 
  or ... just agree to use the off-the-shelf ms solution and save all this trouble . 
  these bureaucrats will be serving the people , ~ 90 % of whom incidentally use ms windows on their desktop pcs and laptops . 
  many of those also use other ms products . 
  msft solution is today 's desktop standard . 
  there is no problem as msft is probably the most concerned about privacy and security of the large us tech companies . 
  the irish or scots are not nearly so anti-european . 
  it seems to be chiefly an england 's affliction . 
  eu should promote its positive contributions to the continent . 
  it 's typical for insular cultures ; czechs have the same delusions . 
  i believe the only way to cure people of this is to teach them languages and introduce them to the wider world . 
  to me , this helped me both to appreciate the good parts about our culture , but to also become aware of all the myths and wishful thinking we keep feeding ourselves to think we 're oh-so-special . 
  and i believe if push really came to shove , the hungarians would rather give the boot to orb\u00e1n than the eu . 
  i am an optimist :-), 
  that would n't surprise me , since mainstream economics is basically obsolete fossilised crap . 
  gdp is a measure of `` economic activity '' , i.e. 
  consumption , not technological development . 
  earth 's resources are finite and even 1 % growth means doubling each 70 years or so . 
  unsustainable and pointless . 
  i am not talking about a military action at all . 
  i am talking about using the means at eu 's disposal to punish the hungarian illiberal government for actions contradictory to eu values . 
  well , then it is up to the active few to mobilise them to get rid of a government which is doing its best to return hungary to a pre-1989 era . 
  and believe me , i do n't think it 's easy . 
  just for completeness ' sake , let 's mention said country first allied with the nazis to annex territories from its neighbours and remained a steadfast ally until it became crystal clear nazi germany would not win the war . 
  yep . 
  the term `` fachidiot '' comes to mind . 
  i am sure most will happily receive remuneration paid for from eu grants . 
  eu means * pooling * sovereignty . 
  and yes , when you join the eu , you ** promise to abide by the principles of liberal democracy ** . 
  this is not optional , it is enshrined in eu treaties and association agreements . 
  ignoring these rules and letting authoritarians like orb\u00e1n laugh at us while he is getting our money is beyond pathetic . 
  the eu needs to take a stand and send a message to orb\u00e1n this behaviour wo n't be tolerated . 
  to the hungarians , the message should be clear : get rid of orb\u00e1n , or face the consequences his actions will have for the whole of hungary . 
  what are you saying , that eu should fund anti-eu propaganda just to maintain `` balance '' ? 
  eu will naturally promote itself and what it is doing , and that is right and proper . 
  can you imagine the us federal government funding separatist states-rights groups ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so what ? 
  the people must realize that voting for orb\u00e1n means putting their future at risk . 
  you 're not reading what i write . 
  this should happen not because he is eu sceptic , this should happen because he is * acting anti-democratically , thereby breaking the rules of eu membership . 
  * if he wants to be a sceptic , fine . 
  activate article 50 , gtfo of the eu and nobody in the eu will have legal or legitimate cause to take steps against him . 
  but if he wants hungary to remain an eu member with equal voting rights and access to eu money , it 's him who shut stfu and observe the rules . 
  that 's one of the fallacies people sadly believe in . 
  ( 1 ) in liberal democracy , even democratically elected politicians must abide by rules , laws and the spirit of the constitution as well as the values of a democratic state governed by rule of law . 
  orb\u00e1n 's support for democracy goes only insofar as it gets him elected , then he acts as an authoritarian dictator-in-waiting . 
  it is a duty of all democratically-minded people to act to stop him , to point out what he is doing and to prevent him from attaining his goals . 
  ( 2 ) eu is a common club of countries where democratic principles are the house rules . 
  such a club is fully within its rights , having regard of point ( 1 ) , to take steps against a member government that is breaking these rules . 
  for starters , stop giving orb\u00e1n money for anti-eu propaganda . 
  then strip hungary of voting rights if it refuses to abide by democratic rules and principles . 
  freeze eu funding for hungary 's projects . 
  our rules are obsolete . 
  we 're still thinking about earning money and organising the economy in terms of the first industrial revolution . 
  back then , surely many believed that if people were not working 12 hours a day and children were banned from digging coal in mines , the economy would suffer . 
  well , no . 
  study after study shows that especially in intellectual work , more motivated and happier employees will produce greater value in a few hours than unhappy , unmotivated ones will produce in days . 
  free time , holidays , time to be with family , friends , time to travel and learn , this is what makes life enjoyable . 
  not working 8-hours a day like an automaton , coming home when it 's already dark outside , tired and generally angry . 
  perpetual gdp growth is impossible and people should not spend their lives working so that the government can report 1 % faster growth , that mostly benefits large corporations and the rich . 
  we should strive to improve gross happiness of the population . 
  less work ( among thousands of other things ) means more happiness . 
  happiness is more valuable than gdp . 
  4-day working week ftw . 
  the uk has massive delusions of grandeur , its own importance in the world and its `` distinctiveness '' from europe . 
  the hungarians also have some of that ( great hungary etc. 
  ) , but they definitely do not consider themselves distinct from europe and , i dare say , realise that for a small central european country to be successful , it must fully engage with pan-european institutions such as the eu . 
  / fingers crossed, 
  ode to joy intensifies ... 
  orb\u00e1n needs to go . 
  the eu has tolerated this for too long , being afraid of alienating orb\u00e1n and driving him to putin , but this has to end . 
  sure . 
  but unless the citizens are suicidally-minded , they would n't vote for it .
