  if we got rid of it , finding ways to live sustainably in a limit world would be much easier to find and implement . 
  really , there is no argument whatsoever that would support the notion that an africa with 3 + billion people would have better chances to develop non-catastrophically than an africa with ~ 1.5 billion people . 
  all these assumptions are based on the notion that there are infinite resources on the planet to enable current first-world living standards for an infinite number of humans . 
  which is preposterous . 
  humans are animals and are dependent on their environment . 
  j. diamond estimated , iirc , that * should the current `` third world '' countries suddenly attain `` first world '' living standards , the gross environmental impact of humanity would increase 11-fold . 
  * and that 's discounting further population increase . 
  i seriously doubt the planet can handle another 20-fold increase ( my guess taking into account further population increase ) in resource consumption and environmental destruction . 
  that 's a ridiculous thought . 
  in other words , if we are to have any chance of surviving as a civilized society without suffering a global collapse and die-off , we need to to stop adding more people to the problem . 
  africa must be prevented from continuing on the present-day u.n. estimated demographic trajectory , or it is screwed and the domino effect will eventually take the rest of the world with it . 
  yes . 
  but the global optimists need to get their heads out of the sand and understand one thing : ** waiting for these countries to get richer so that the birthrates drop is not going to work . 
  ** the world is overpopulated , we 're stretching the limits of our environment , causing masive loss of biodiversity , overdrawing renewable natural resources , exhausting non-renewable resources and adding another several billion consumers is only going to make the crisis worse . 
  by the time they start getting close to the levels of development that would indeed reduce birthrates , they 'd have been collapsing from lack of resources and environmental collapse . 
  africa has a potential to become \u00fcber-rwanda when the resources run out and these people start creating lebensraum at the expense of their neighbours ( rwanda 's genocide was very much associated with extreme overpopulation coupled with primitive agriculture ) . 
  it is in the interest of humanity to rapidly reduce birth rates in these countries . 
  combating high birth rates should be a policy prerequisite for any further aid to africa . 
  in other words , we 'll help you , but only if you co-operate with us in bringing down birth rates rapidly . 
  that 's a shame , as to me here in central europe , it seemed incredibly selfish and basically as a betrayal of ukraine after they turned to europe for help against russian bullying . 
  czech tanks , the best tanks . 
  little peace wagons full of gold . 
  was n't the referendum really about something completely different , unrelated to ukraine ( general anger against the government , the eu , globalisation , bad luck and whatever ) ? 
   it is and has been since the dawn of european nationalism . 
  delusional dreams of nationalists do not make international law . 
  austria-hungary imploded due to its catastrophically stupid decision to start ww1 ( i.e. 
  dragging its people to the trenches , kicking and screaming ) , with multiple countries being created as an outcome . 
  czechoslovakia simply covered the historical lands of the bohemian crown plus slovakia ( upper hungary , with less clear southern borders ) . 
  the so-called sudetenland was never a historical region , it had no legitimacy whatsoever and czechoslovakia was fully within its rights to restore order against a bunch of whiners who could n't stand the idea that they would be * equal * to the czechs now , not their masters . 
  considering the situation , czechoslovakia treated them exceptionally well . 
   you do n't get to tell a german how he feels for his country . 
  i do , however , get to tell him how he should feel about * someone else 's * country . 
   hitler may have never even risen to power . 
  so i guess hitler is the czechs ' fault , not the germans ' , right ? 
  well , that pretty much concludes our little exchange as it kind of shows where you stand in the area of historical truth . 
  no , you get a grip , buddy . 
  the fact that someone speaks a different language or `` feels to belong elsewhere '' is not sufficient grounds for breaking up countries ; not under any sort of international law that has ever been devised . 
  the only situation where something like this comes into consideration is when one of the ethnicities commits such unspeakable crimes that further cohabitation within one country is impossible , or when they mutually agree to split the country based on mutually agreed borders . 
  neither of those was the case in 1918 when czechoslovakia was formed , so that 's that . 
  bohemia and moravia have been traditionally well-defined geographic , economic and culturally multi-ethnic entities from times immemorial . 
  sudeten germans had never been a part of germany ( meaning a german nation state ) ; they were subjects of the kingdom of bohemia and , through it , the austrian empire . 
  upon formation of czechoslovakia , german-speaking inhabitants were given * full civil rights * , including the right to vote , form political parties , run for public office , etc. 
  the minority right to use their ancestral language was legally protected . 
  in nearly all respects , czechoslovakia treated its german minority * far better * than austria-hungary had treated czechs when it was in charge . 
  finally , as others have noted : so you do n't like to be a part of czechoslovakia , even if that country treats you well . 
  that does not give you any sane justification to support a totalitarian , antisemitic , warmongering maniac in the neighbouring country who 's promising to destroy the state you 're living in . 
  again , get a grip . 
  not just their czech neighbours , but also german speaking jews , german social democrats etc. 
  all of whom enjoyed liberty in pre-1938 czechoslovakia . 
  many german socialists were actually fleeing to czechoslovakia following the annexation . 
  sudetendeutsche partei was n't merely an opposition party , it was an irredentist anti-state entity which openly collaborated with nsdap and advocated nazi seizure of the so-called sudetenland . 
  in june 1938 , over 40 % of germans in czechoslovakia were members ( * members * , not merely * voters * , of whom there was nearly 90 % among the ethnic germans ) . 
  this is not excusable as a simple mistake or protest voting - it was more akin to a mass nationalist hysteria among the ethnic germans similar to the one hitler started in germany proper . 
  as sad as that is today , this experience made it pretty easy for czechs to justify their expulsion * en masse * after the war . 
  the motto of the day was `` they wanted to live in germany , so send them there '' . 
  depends . 
  imagine an alternate history where sudeten germans overwhelmingly reject nazism and remain loyal to the czechoslovak state . 
  even if czechoslovakia was eventually conquered by the nazis and occupied , there would be far less hatred towards the sudeten germans after the war . 
  definitely not enough to justify such a widespread purge ( ethnic cleansing , in modern terms ) . 
  unfortunately for them , they were collectively blamed for subverting and destroying the first czechoslovak republic and were treated as such after the war . 
  it 's sad , but a historical fact . 
  so what ? 
  sudeten germans were citizens of czechoslovakia with full rights . 
  post-1933 , they enjoyed more civil rights than the germans in germany did . 
  yet somehow , that justified voting for the local branch of the nazi party ? 
  please . 
  well , that worked out well for the sudeten germans / s, 
  well , technically speaking , the protektorat b\u00f6hmen und m\u00e4hren , the generalgouvernement and the reichskomissariaten were part of the grossdeutsches reich , so we 're covered under the swastika-coloured chick ... / s, 
  seems the bombing campaigns leaving ancient cities ruined and tens of thousands dead really helped the american image in occupied europe . 
  as i noted in the very same post . 
  #readingcomprehension there is a wide gap between public expectation of what the eu * should * do and what it actually does ( or indeed , is allowed to do ) . 
  dealing with the common market is all very fine and well , but it `` sells '' the eu less than acting on pressing issues . 
  the migration crisis has been simmering for years , yet the eu is not a metre closer to a true and effective `` european '' solution . 
  that 's what breeds scepticism among the masses of ordinary voters : `` if the eu is unable to act on this , what is it good for ? 
  all they do is talk and talk . '', 
  the elites know how difficult things really are , but the rest of the voters do not . 
  and if the elites keep failing to make the eu seem to work for the masses as well as the elites , its reputation will plummet . 
  if the eu acted resolutely and effectively in the migration crisis ( e.g. 
  by setting up robust common eu border guards , establishing safe zones in libya and syria , creating off-shore asylum processing facilities to discourage further illegal attempts to reach european shores with fake asylum claims , etc. 
  ) , its approval ratings would be 50 % better there days . 
  maybe , it would be interesting to study this impact in terms of the voting patterns and the shift towards conservatism . 
  however , poland is pretty much an extreme case . 
  the number of czechs who left the country is far smaller , yet in some respects our politics is a mess as well . 
  more significant than emigration is , in my opinion , the general disgust with the political class and the prevalent cynicism about the ability to change stuff by voting . 
  younger people here and elsewhere in europe do n't vote ( at least not in sufficient numbers ) and , as a result , they 're impacted by policies they hate , which makes them even more resentful and disinclined to participate in politics . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  nowhere . 
  these names and labels are pointless these days since there is more diversity within the so-called `` eastern europe '' than there is difference between some `` eastern european '' countries and some `` western european '' countries . 
  we 're all in the eu , so leave it at that . 
  if you 're looking for a `` politically correct '' term , that would be central europe . 
  i 've always been fond of this map from wikipedia , which i think sums up the historical , cultural , economic and other relations in the best way possible . 
  germans and austrians may object to being lumped with the poles , but it does make sense . 
  differences will always be visible . 
  but bear in mind that the whole concept of `` eastern europe '' as defined by the u.n. and used in everyday language is a pure cold war construct . 
  there was no such thing before ( it probably only meant `` the ( former ) russian empire '' prior to ww1 and in the interwar period . 
  central powers were called central for a reason . 
  the cold war ended nearly 30 years ago . 
  czechia was a part of `` eastern europe '' for mere 41 years ( from 1948 to 1989 ) . 
  i say it 's high time to drop the label . 
  yes -- in other words , wrong and irrelevant in the 21st century .
