  how do the icelanders see the czechs ? 
  the country looks so epic i would consider moving there one day . 
  from what i heard from the guy , the technicians did n't even really know or care what they were handling . 
  they certainly did not read the data themselves and did not try to disclose them to third parties . 
  it seems that this is more a case of what `` could have '' happened than what really did happen . 
  i loved it when i was a kid . 
  i personally know one of the guys involved in the case ( was there ) . 
  i am not sure about the particulars , but he believes the shitstorm that erupted over this is a bit exaggerated . 
  it does n't matter if their other advantages ( like not being thrown away , having to be reassembled after each flight ) outweigh the negatives . 
  skylon 's potential advantage lies in getting a part of the delta-v necessary to achieve orbit by using airbreathing engines in the first stage of the launch , thus saving on the lox part of the propellant mixture ( oxygen is much heavier than hydrogen , so the advantage is greater that it seems ) . 
  it then switches to pure rocket mode to achieve orbit . 
  with the ability to lift 10 + tonnes of payload to orbit and reuse the spacecraft , the advantages over expendable rockets or complicated two-stage reusable systems that need to be reassembled and mated with the payload for each launch are obvious . 
  can they get the 3/5 majority ? 
  more assertions based on nothing . 
  nobody here is claiming that real world space travel is like ksp . 
  skylon has been vetted by esa and found promising , and i think they know better than you . 
  i reiterate : ariane 6 is designed to be expendable . 
  no expendable booster will be competitive in a world where reusable boosters are used . 
  if europe wants to remain competitive in space launch business , it needs something far more innovative that yet another use-and-discard rocket . 
  not because they 're sexy , but because they could offer a much better return on investment and a paradigm shift in space travel . 
  europe needs an answer to spacex , not another expendable booster . 
  based on your expert assessment , of course . 
  i am saying that ariane 5 is a proven and reliable vehicle that can easily continue serving for another decade , while europe invests into something that can actually give it a meaningful edge in space travel . 
  the development costs of ariane 6 do not seem a good investment to me if the result is yet another conventional expendable rocket . 
   nope . 
  a quantum leap is just a change from one discrete energy level to another , and those nergy levels are ( usually ) of extremely small magnitudes compared to human standards . 
  physicists roll their eyes everytime someone uses this . 
  ( also here ) . 
  great way to start your post with showing how little research you put into your thoughts . 
  nope . 
  i am using it in the linguistic sense , you quibble with insisting on the physics meaning , which i am perfectly aware of . 
  the rest of your post does n't deserve a comment . 
  arguing with past failures is n't really a good tactic , as it implies that `` learning from past mistakes '' is impossible . 
  from what i read , watched and listened about skylon , it 's proponents wish to address precisely the failures of previous launch vehicles . 
  that said , shuttle can not be compared to skylon in any meaningful way . 
  it did not use airbreathing engines to save on lox propellant mass , it was a 2.5-stage vehicle , it was designed to be piloted , and it used 1970s era technology . 
  50 years have passed . 
  it 's time to give a ssto a real shot . 
  quantum leap = a sudden large increase or advance . 
  do n't quibble . 
   because we need something reliable , right now , which has proven to work . 
  you mean ariane 5 ? 
   there is n't even a prototype of the sabre engine , implying that this vehicle , should it actually attempted to be built , wo n't be ready for the next 10 to 15 years . 
  do me a favour and read something about their trl . 
  they 're very realistic about it ; what they demonstrated is the pre-cooler , which is 90 % of the trick . 
  the rest is fairly straightforward . 
  with enough funding , you could have demonstrators in a matter of years ( if they do n't work , you can scrap the project ) and prototypes in a decade . 
  this is not something impossible , it 's just ambitious . 
  sadly , it does n't fit much into arienespace ( = france 's ) way of thinking . 
  it wo n't be for much further when reusable falcons really get going and other american companies catch up with spacex . 
  functional reusability has a potential to really drive down the costs , perhaps as much as 10 times . 
  no expendable vehicle will be able to compete with that , we 're looking at a paradigm shift in space business . 
  ad `` dead end '' : nonsense . 
  if you can lift 10 + tonnes of usable payload to orbit , it does n't matter how much `` dead weight '' you 're bringing along . 
  the price of propellant needed to lift it is negligible . 
  skylon 's elegance is that it makes space launches more `` ordinary '' and `` airline like '' . 
  spacex 's approach still requires reassembly of the rocket stack for each launch . 
  any kind of two-stage vehicle will always bring along unnecessary complexity due to need of re-assembly before each launch , even if it is nominally more `` efficient '' in terms of mass ratio . 
  skylon ( with some simplification ) would only need to be inspected , refuelled , reloaded with cargo and sent up again . 
  rapid turnaround with minimum between-flight maintenance and assembly is a much more promising approach to spaceflight . 
  it is ambitious , yes , but we 're finally approaching the tech-level to make it happen . 
  europe should decide to be a leader , not a follower . 
  sabre is very likely to work . 
  with an accelerated programme , we could have a working prototype within 10 years . 
  ariane 5 could continue serving in the meantime and there is also vega for smaller satellites and soyuz ( kourou version ) for medium-lift needs . 
  i do n't see much forward thinking in developing yet another expendable launch vehicle for gto launches that does n't push the technology any further than where we already are . 
  it wo n't give europe any kind of hope of a manned programme , it wo n't be able to compete with reusable spacex launch vehicles or the chinese , when they iron out the bugs on their vehicles , it 's just there to feed esa member state 's contractors with fresh aerospace contracts . 
  useless . 
  sigh . 
  why do n't we develop [ skylon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skylon_ ( spacecraft ) ) , rather ? 
  classic rockets are a dead end . 
  europe with its structures and bureaucracies will never be able to compete with the likes of spacex . 
  we need a quantum leap , and a reusable ssto spaceplane would be it . 
  it would be expensive , but everything in space is , and would give europe capability in space nobody else has . 
  instead , we 're developing a boring , old-school rocket for launching satellites . 
  sigh . 
  are you being deliberately obtuse ? 
  what they are proposing is for the eu to process migrants outside eu territory . 
  nobody is saying it is easy , it 's just necessary . 
  italy 's stance in this case seems to be : * `` we ca n't do anything about this , the migrants will just keep coming , we wo n't stop them , pls help us by taking them to your countries '' . 
  * and you wonder why people might have a problem with that ? 
  for the frak 's sake : you leave your ports open for migrants , so they keep coming . 
  what can `` we '' do about it ? 
  nothing . 
  migrants can get here only because the frontline countries let them . 
  clearly , the solution requires eu-wide co-operation aimed towards stopping people from coming to europe . 
  as i said , this needs to be an eu policy , not an unilateral action of one country . 
  as for the rest of your trolling , you know where to stick it . 
  maybe you do n't . 
  but it raises an interesting question : say the whole africa and middle east become totally chaotic , lawless , with 500 million people fleeting these regions . 
  should europe accept all these people because they are `` refugees '' ( current eu population is approx . 
  500 million ) ? 
  where is the limit to our goodwill and assistance ? 
  because clearly , fanatically observing `` international law '' would mean turning your countries into the same mess the migrants are fleeing from . 
  or in other words , to who do national governments and their associations ( including the eu ) owe primary allegiance : their people , who do n't want their countries swamped with third world migrants , or `` international law '' , i.e. 
  it 's uncompromising ( fanatical ) application ? 
  i say the former . 
  europe should finally start looking after its vital interests in this issue . 
  the `` quota system '' is not working not because of v4 , but because nearly all eu countries ignore it ( for the same reasons as v4 , they just pretend they agree and slam v4 for not showing `` solidarity '' ) . 
  russian sanctions are a result of russian expansionist policy in the ukraine , which is a completely separate issue from `` how we should deal with the migrant crisis '' .
