  and for people who are now thinking `` what 's the big deal '' : labels and categories create expectations and are capable of spreading prejudices . 
  eastern europe is for historical reasons generally associated with negative things ( corruption , backwardness , poverty ) and we want to have no part in it as we did n't ask to be lumped in this category , were dragged there by superpower politics , and are being harmed by association with countries such as russia even now . 
  so just get rid of the label , please , especially for countries that are now members of the eu . 
  got lumped together when there was such a thing as `` eastern bloc '' . 
  it does n't exist any more . 
  if you look at countries such as czechia or estonia by any metric , they have more in common with countries like austria or sweden than with ukraine or russia . 
  the category as devised in the 1940s has zero geopolitical sense today . 
  why we are n't screaming and kicking in the u.n. for this to be reformed , that i do not know . 
  it 's as ridiculous as lumping austria into a `` third reich '' category , for `` historical '' reasons , would be . 
  pray on . 
  i for one am not looking forward to the return of the `` good old days '' with their closed borders , wars , revanchisms and what not . 
  say whatever you want about the eu , but it made the bad things go away and for that reason alone , it deserves to exist . 
  i 'd say the title generally applies to czechs as well . 
  czech or , indeed , continental euroscepticism differs from the british in that `` continental '' europeans rarely deny that they belong in europe and share its fate . 
  most people accept their `` europeanness '' and favour co-operation between european countries even ( or especially ) on matters that lie outside the current eu 's mandate ( border protection , defence ) . 
  the eu 's problem is that it rarely is able to sell its success to its citizens and fails to adapt to pressing issues quickly . 
  it has also been damaged by pr disasters such as the greek financial fiasco and the inability to stop the flow of migrants into europe ( or its perceived weakness and unwillingness to protect europe from migration and other external threats ) . 
  forcing countries to take in migrants they do n't want instead of dealing with the influx really does n't help . 
  you mean the u.n. which reflects the status quo after the second world war , and continuously fails to adapt to changing conditions in the world ? 
  any geographic distribution that puts austria to western europe and czechia or slovenia in eastern europe in 2017 is completely absurd . 
  between a few individuals in separate threads ? 
  sure . 
  but once you have hundreds of comments under a topic , it 's not possible to even read them all , much less to respond in any coherent matter . 
  and surely , the upvote/downvote system does n't really encourage good discussion since people use it basically as `` like/don ' t like '' , instead of `` well-put argument/no argument '' . 
  i personally do n't bother to comment if i see there are already hundreds of comments , most of them one liners . 
  ( not that i have n't contributed to this downfall of discussion myself ... ), 
  is debate even possible in a subreddit with thousands of active subscribers ? 
  they regularly try to appropriate historical personas for their own goals . 
  we should n't let them . 
   `` why do n't they allow it , '' erdogan asked in an interview with the die zeit weekly , his first in years with any german newspaper . 
  `` where is the freedom of opinion , the freedom of thought ? '', 
  yeah ; many brits have told me that they feel * safer * here in brno than they ever felt in britain ( various cities ) . 
  one literally told me he was very surprised when he first came to the czech republic ( from manchester ) , spent the night wandering all over prague and nothing happened to him . 
  the only places i am somewhat afraid are the `` special '' streets with lots of roma people . 
  otherwise , i 've never felt to be in any danger . 
  indeed . 
  there should be some fines for the meps . 
  on the other hand , the ep should not be split between two cities . 
  either have the plenary sessions in brussels , as the meps spend most of their time there anyway , or the parliament should move to strasbourg entirely . 
  the french could show their european spirit they like to tout so much by giving up on strasbourg , saving our money and improving ep effectiveness . 
  they were , and nowhere did they result in so much creative tension as here in brno/brunn . 
  the one thing is without ww1 , getting full independence would have been a ludicrous fantasy . 
  germany would still have sided with austria in case of any civil war , so there would have been no such thing . 
  on the other side , if enough people in the german austrian government ( s ) realized they could not suppress the other nationalities indefinitely , some kind of federalised solution could have been found . 
  again , without ww1 , because that war wrecked the empire completely and totally . 
  had a pint of guinness in oslo . 
  my tears made it salty . 
  without world war one ? 
  sure , why not ; if the leaders were sensible and there was no easy non-suicidal way for the constituent nations to gain full independence , they could have settled for real autonomy within a federalised monarchy . 
  something like a mini-eu with common army , currency , and emperor . 
  i kind of like the idea . 
  after all , a third of vienna 's citizen spoke czech before the war ... 
  been there twice . 
  aside from all the tourists , its a great place . 
  but basically everything in iceland looks epic . 
  as i said , this is balkans-level petty . 
  croatia would suffer no harm whatsoever to simply cede a completely irrelevant and minuscule part of its claimed territorial waters to make the slovenians happy . 
  essentially , you 'd spend next to nothing and gain good relations with your neighbour , who could have been pettier and block your eu accession . 
  why f.y. 
  countries see the application of common sense as a huge problem , that 's beyond me . 
  let 's do an analogy : i am a rich guy with lots of land and a nice house . 
  my neighbour in the nearest house asks me if he could get two square metres of my huge plot of land so that he can get a free access to his house , instead of having to ask me every time he needs to drive over this land to park his car in his garage . 
  * normal people : `` sure , let 's make a deal . '', 
  * balkans people : `` never !!! 1 ! 1 ! 1 !!, 
  you will never get a single centimetre of my sacred land where my father is buried !, 
  i 'll fight you ( in court ) forever ! '', 
  sigh . 
  it boggles my mind why croatia would n't just give them the damn strip . 
  do n't they have enough coastline already ? 
  they are basically squeezing slovenia and bosnia out , but to deny even this , that 's balkans-level petty . 
  pure populism . 
  some parties want to look tough and guarantee people 's right to defend themselves against terrorism ( as if that was illegal or something ) . 
  its stupid , but mostly harmless . 
  the main issue here is this : refugees in the proper sense of the word do n't have a right to asylum shopping . 
  they do n't have a right to choose the safe destination . 
  if they get out of syria , for instance , there are safe countries around . 
  turkey , for instance . 
  if they keep moving , then they lose any right to protection , since they clearly do n't care that much about safety and seek material well-being . 
  we have no obligation to help those . 
  that is reasonable , but devil is in the details . 
  very , very slowly . 
  the convergence is way too slow . 
  wages and salaries are still much lower than in western europe , although the overall living standards in many areas are comparable or even better . 
  until the wage disparity is reduced , the incentive for eu companies to move manufacturing jobs here will exist . 
  western companies could of course pay czech workers more , but they do n't want to and often even threaten that if wages increase , they 'll move to china or other noneu countries . 
  a mechanism should exist to mitigate the `` subcontractor economy '' problem . 
  more companies must be based here and actively invest their profits here . 
  so far as earnings keep flowing to the west , the wages will remain low . 
  agreed . 
  one of the chief reasons wages are comparably low in cee countries is that these countries are a sort of subcontractor economies . 
  their products are incorporated , sometimes only administratively , into german products and sold with great margins ; the added value goes to germany , whereas cee countries report `` low productivity '' , which is the main excuse for wage disparities . 
  and then we get slammed by the french for `` social dumping '' . 
  look , until this underlying economic divergence is addressed , which will require more money redistribution from the west , the companies will simply do what is in their economic interest . 
  this whole cee bashing smells of hypocrisy , dishonesty and populism . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  western europe failed at integrating migrants for many reasons , but the chief among them is allowing them to self-segregate in migrant neighbourhoods where they recreated little moroccos , algerias , syrias , turkeys etc. , basically isolating and insulating themselves from the host culture . 
  i 'd say the telecommunications market has a natural tendency towards oligopoly . 
  regulation is necessary to keep the oligopoly from exploiting its captive customers . 
  how dare they stomp over our national sovereignty and the holy right of businesses to overcharge their customers !, 
  shame on this bureaucratic freedom-hating colossus !,
