  deep down , most people in central europe ( hopefully ) realize what at enormous boon the eu is to the economy and quality of life in general . 
  i think if britain had lost ww1 , it would have faced significant economic problems due to the insane amount of loans it took out in the usa . 
  had the americans insisted on repayment ( as happened historically ) , britain would have been squeezed pretty hard , leaving little money in the budget for the colonies ( which in turn might have been squeezed by britain for cash , fuelling resentment ) . 
  also , it would have depended on the position of german-dominated europe . 
  if germany re-opened economic relations with britain ( their trade relations had been pretty active before ww1 happened ) , then the situation could have been better . 
  essentially , i think the messy and too quick decolonisation of africa is one of the principal reasons why the continent is so deep in the crap today . 
  if europe had kept its hold for longer , invested into the infrastructure , education , health care etc. 
  there , if there had been no soviets funding insurgencies all around africa , african countries could have gained independence as successful , fairly democratic middle-income countries . 
  it 's not ( posted in a wrong thread ) . 
  that is a pretty colonialist attitude . 
  and then russians wonder why people do n't like their country ... 
  if these people do n't want to be a part of russia , why do n't you just let them go ? 
  you have plenty of space elsewhere . 
  slovaks did n't want to be a part of czechoslovakia , so we talked about it and split in peace . 
  that 's how civilized nations deal with these problems . 
  i do n't think the elites would have stayed in power for long after the war . 
  ( nor be completely removed , it would be a compromise . ), 
  germany had a strong social - democratic voter base and austria was similarly full of liberals calling for more democracy . 
  reforms were inevitable ; unfortunately for us , they took place during the chaotic collapse of the central powers , which caused a lot of problems for the future . 
  so what ? 
  it would have to reform in some way to accommodate its constituent nations anyway . 
  it would probably have ended up as a bunch of constitutional monarchies bound by personal union , i.e. 
  the largely ceremonial position of the emperor . 
  like the e.u. 
  in miniature . 
  for central europe in particular , central powers victory in ww1 would have been so much better . 
  yes , fanatical nationalists would n't have liked living together with the other nations , but screw them . 
  germany only wanted to kick russia out of the war asap , and lenin was a tool to accomplish that . 
  after a victorious war in the west , the germans would likely have intervened on behalf of the whites to destroy the reds , in order to prevent a fanatical communist state spreading its propaganda around german-dominated europe . 
  what 's messed up about our reality ? 
  are you seriously asking that ? 
  after the terrible tragedy of ww1 , europe destroyed itself * again * 20 years later . 
  besides the holocaust and the terrible loss of life resulting from the nazi-communist total war , europe lost so much of its soul in that conflict . 
  as a result , europe was for 40 years a toy in the hands of the soviets and americans , and today it is , geopolitically speaking , weak and can not properly defend its interests any more . 
  nothing of this would have happened if the entente had n't won ww1 . 
  as for my country , so what ? 
  if austria-hungary survived as some kind of a personal union/federation , i 'd be fine with that . 
  it would be a million times better fate than getting independence for 20 years only to be annexed and exploited by the nazis , then losing 30 % of our population ( sudeten germans ) to communist-orchestrated purges and living another 40 years under the soviet thumb , which totally gutted our economy , culture , and self-confidence . 
  fuck that , if you pardon my french . 
  i am not basing this on any computer game , i mentioned it because it deals with the same subject matter . 
  i am . 
  there is no god , indeed . 
  this is just the kind of human tragedy that just makes you sad for the state of world we 're living in . 
  i admire your free speech laws . 
  because here , this would probably constitute hate speech and incitement to violence and she 'd at least get a suspended sentence . 
  that 's the scenario the * kaiserreich * mod for hearts of iron games presents . 
  i am of the opinion that france would not have been strong enough to cause so much damage as nazi germany did irl ; britain would have probably withdrawn from european politics and focused on its empire , until that collapsed . 
  the germans would have likely intervened against the reds and russia would have been spared the 70 years of communism . 
  austria-hungary would have still dissolved , but later and without so much turmoil . 
  bohemia and moravia would have remained 30 % german . 
  it would have been a different world with different values , but in terms of sheer human misery , it would probably not beat our messed-up reality . 
  german `` goals '' in ww1 were basically non-existent . 
  the whole war started as an accident , so the best they could come up with to appease the relatives of soldiers who died in that absurd meatgrinder was some small annexations in france , liberation of eastern european countries ( ukraine , the baltics ) , followed by the formation of a pan-european customs union dominated by germany . 
  i.e. , we 'd have ended up with the eu , minus all the damage caused by nazism and communism ( well , depending how it would ended up in russia ) . 
  europe would never have self-destructed for the second time , america would never become the sole dominant superpower etc. 
  sure , something else could have happened , but the odds are the world would be a better place now and europe would not be in such a bad state ( geopolitically speaking ) today . 
  / opinion, 
   if that werent implemented you could just take the cheapest provider in the eu , no matter where you live . 
  that would be terrible !, 
  it would be the end of ... oh wait . 
  the sad irony is that europe as a whole would probably be better off today had germany won ww1 . 
  sigh . 
  ah , it 's in finnish . 
  damn , i was about to have fun . 
  i for one am totally ashamed of how the czech foreign service treats ukrainians in visa and work permit procedures . 
  it is literally kafkaesque . 
  i hope this loosening of visa policy will help a bit in that . 
  once the russians finally form a government that is n't openly revanchist , imperialist and authoritarian , i 'll be the first to welcome our russian brothers here . 
  just do n't drive tanks , guys , seriously , 1968 was enough . 
  it 's always idiotic to put matters concerning foreign policy to a referendum , because i dare say most dutch voters have zero idea what the eu and ukraine actually do together and how it would really affect them . 
  such referendums are always based on fear of the unknown and should n't be held at all . 
   seem to have their shot together . 
  not sure what you mean , but our little hobbiton is currently obsessing about internal issues nobody in the world , not even the slovaks , will understand , so we just want to be left alone / s, 
  not food in itself , but food in connection to energy resources , industrial resources , availability of arable land not salinised or otherwise eroded/exhausted , clean water , etc. 
  currently , while first world countries are mostly trying to reverse the ecological damage they caused to themselves during the 19th and 20th centuries , the developing world is doing the same tragic mistake we did , one ten times worse ( due to the higher population base ) . 
  pollution , habitat destruction , deforestation , biodiversity loss , you name it , all fuelled ( pun intended ) by fossil fuels . 
  and while we in the 1st world countries may be optimistic about clean technology-enabled future , we are -- in many ways -- dependent on resources extracted from the developing world ( also provided in the form of cheap goods ) . 
  and if the developing world goes down thanks to simple overconsumption and the resulting domino-like environmental collapse , we 'll go down with it ( unless our governments act quickly to prepare and insulate us , which is entirely opposite to the current globalist economic paradigm as well as the current conception of refugee rights and international law in general ) . 
  i am not optimistic when i see the u.n. population projections like the one predicting 700 million people in nigeria by the end of this century ; nigeria is a terrible mess already , and you want to quadruple its population ? 
  how do you think that will work out ? 
  my guess , rwanda 2.0 , bigger and meaner . 
  africa would need one child policy now to stop this trainwreck , but even that would probably be too little , too late . 
  they got caught in a demographic trap due to the messy process of colonisation and decolonisation . 
  india/pakistan and the middle east/north africa are another collapse candidates . 
  it really is n't . 
  it is a mess once you delve into how local governments works , the status of scotland , wales and northern ireland , other crown dependencies , the city of london and other medieval stuff , etc. 
  see e.g. 
  [ cgp grey 's short video on the uk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ) . 
  eu is complicated , but this is an unavoidable by-product of its being a hybrid international organisation with certain federation-like elements . 
  in principle , it 's functioning is as easy to understand as the functioning of any national government . 
  the devil is in the details , as always . 
  we need global managed population decline . 
  the problem is the decline is occurring in countries that least need it . 
  yes . 
  the important `` but '' here is that it is yet to be demonstrated if this planet can support ~ 11 billion people at living standards - and resource consumption rates - of the current western world or east asia . 
  i say it cant and we 'll see population dieback , especially in the most vulnerable areas : africa , the middle east , south asia . 
  it 's something political science students draw when they 're bored . 
  it really is simple once you sit down , look and try to understand . 
  it 's similarly complicated if you do such chart for nation states . 
  government is always a mess evolved from centuries of compromise .
