  this reminds me of my favourite activity during breaks before german classes at high school . 
  we 'd take a random page in the textbook and read it out loud in the hitler-voice , until we could n't stop laughing . 
  oh that was fun . 
  you have a wonderful language ; the language of anger , as rammstein said . 
  `` modern world is very complicated and we need flexible , well-educated citizens to navigate it . 
  for this reason , let 's make sure that ... ... the people who educate our precious next generations are constantly frustrated , underpaid , under-appreciated , angry and cynical . 
  because that will make them teach our children better . '', 
  right . 
  so much fossilised jingoism . 
  the good ol' days were pretty shit , were n't they ? 
  i am kind of proud our motto is pretty benign . 
  i was wondering why i 've been hearing so much spanish around the town in the past couple of years . 
  such brutality was common in religious warfare of the reformation . 
  czechs were just a bit too early for their own good . 
  the germans and hungarians wanted to get to 100 % and it backfired . 
   cz is soon going to start distancing itself more and more from v4 as we really do n't want to be lumped in together with what 's currently going on in poland and hungary . 
  babi\u0161 : hold my beer, 
  czechoslovakia `` occupied '' itself ? 
  who made that map ? 
  thanks to our glorious language for the immense difficulty i had with learning the months of the year in english . 
  the same arguments are used by loggers and lobbyists who want to harvest trees in the \u0160umava national park here in czechia . 
  they 're equally false . 
  seriously , fuck pis . 
  someone please stop these gangsters , it 's painful to watch how much irreversible damage can one bunch of idiots do in such a short time . 
  moravian history is somewhat monothematic sometimes . 
  i do n't remember how many times i read inscriptions like * `` destroyed by swedish armies during the thirty years ' war '' * on information boards in towns , castle ruins etc. 
  at least we in brno drove them off , phew . 
  exactly . 
  australia is also a continent , but with a single government , which makes it much easier for them to enact self-preservation policies . 
  europe is often paralysed by inaction , both of national governments and , consequently , the eu . 
  last time i was in iceland ( yearly may ) , there were a couple of sunny days when i wore shorts and t-shirt . 
  must have been over 20 \u00b0 c. 
  global warming ... , 
  i seriously do n't understand why it takes such a long time in europe to do what 's necessary . 
  not that i support american gung-ho attitude , but sometimes you have to act quickly and deal with the diplomatic fallout later . 
  waiting and doing nothing for years before the migration crisis really gets serious , and waiting some more before adopting ( one part of ) a necessary solution , that 's nothing short of failure . 
  there must be eu asylum processing centres in africa/middle east . 
  all migrants attempting illegal entry into europe must be returned for processing to these centres . 
  those ineligible for asylum must be returned to countries of origin asap . 
  people the source countries must be informed that attempting illegal entry into europe ( a ) is dangerous ; and ( b ) wo n't succeed . 
  then they will perhaps stop being stupid . 
  in the future , the refugee conventions must be amended as well to substantially reduce the amount of people who can claim international protection in developed countries . 
  instead , developed countries should be more pro-active and act quickly to establish safe zones in conflict regions to shelter displaced persons before they decide to try their luck migrating to europe . 
  sigh . 
  using words such as `` steal '' is not constructive . 
  as i noted above , the problem was more complicated than that and both sides are guilty of failing to reach a a fair agreement without violence . 
  i 'll quote wiki as i have no other source handy in english :  after the end of world war i , both of the two newly created independent states of second polish republic and first czechoslovak republic claimed the area of cieszyn silesia . 
  czechoslovakia claimed the area partly on historic and ethnic grounds , but especially on economic and strategic grounds . 
  ** the disputed area was part of the historic lands of bohemian crown . 
  the only railway from czech territory to eastern slovakia ran through this area ( ko\u0161ice-bohum\u00edn railway ) , and access to the railway was critical for czechoslovakia : the newly formed country was at war with b\u00e9la kun 's revolutionary hungarian soviet republic , which was attempting to re-establish hungarian sovereignty over slovakia . 
  ** the area is also very rich in black coal , and it was the most industrialized region of all austria-hungary . 
  the important t\u0159inec iron and steel works are also located here . 
  all these raised the strategic importance of this region to czechoslovakia . 
  on the other hand , majority of the population was polish , with substantial czech and german minorities . 
   the polish side based its claim to the area on ethnic criteria : a majority of the area 's population was polish according to the last ( 1910 ) austrian census . 
  ( ... )  in january 1919 a war erupted between second polish republic and first czechoslovak republic over the cieszyn silesia area in silesia . 
  ** the czechoslovak government in prague requested that the poles cease their preparations for national parliamentary elections in the area that had been designated polish in the interim agreement as no sovereign rule was to be executed in the disputed areas . 
  the polish government declined and the czechoslovak side decided to stop the preparations by force . 
  ** tl ; dr -- the area was disputed and both sides had a good reason to claim the territory . 
  poland acted unilaterally by trying to establish facts on the ground by calling an election ( which it should n't have ) and czechoslovakia responded by seizing the territory by force to prevent this ( which it should n't have ) . 
  subsequently , in 1925 , a treaty was signed that settled the territorial claims :  the conflict was only resolved by the council of the league of nations ( international court of justice ) on 12 march 1924 , which decided that czechoslovakia should retain the territory of javorina and \u017ddiar and which entailed ( in the same year ) an additional exchange of territories in orava - the territory around ni\u017en\u00e1 lipnica went to poland , the territory around such\u00e1 hora and hladovka went to czechoslovakia . 
  the new frontiers were confirmed by a czechoslovak-polish treaty on 24 april 1925 and are identical with present-day borders . 
  since that point , there was no reason why the two countries should n't have allied , especially after 1933 and the rise of the nazis to power in germany . 
  they did n't and their mutual hostility was one of the reasons why it was so easy for hitler to destroy both of them . 
  as the saying goes , `` if you do n't hang together , you 'll hang separately '' . 
  i hope they can differentiate between czech and polish . 
  that 's britain for you . 
  mistakes and miscalculations abounded on both sides . 
  czechs acted unilaterally because they considered the piece of land to be of vital strategic importance if slovakia was to be held ( due to the railway connection that ran through there ) . 
  further , czechoslovakia generally considered poland to be backwards and of little importance and relied instead way too much on france ( with catastrophic results ) . 
  that is clearly czechoslovakia 's fault . 
  on the other hand , poland made no effort to recognize the strategic importance of that tiny piece of land and acted in a typical jingoist fashion ( `` must be ours !, 
  '' ) , and subsequently could not forget about it and reapproach czechoslovakia to reassure against germany . 
  the polish participation in the dismemberment of czechoslovakia in 1938 was especially idiotic , given that poland was clearly the next course on the dinner table . 
  from a hindsight , both countries screwed themselves royally over a petty little squabble . 
  being able to make fun of your own country/nation/stereotypes is what makes you strong ( k ) . 
  perhaps the stupidest mistake of czechoslovak foreign policy ever . 
  the poles surely co-operated in the stupidity , though . 
  * chuckles *, 
  i know , i was joking . 
  the pronunciation is very confusing , especially to czechs . 
  i am fascinated by the icelandic language and will try to learn it regardless ; it is pretty hard to obtain learning resources , though . 
  especially your pronunciation is hell ( or should i say hetl ? 
  is there room for two more ? 
  yup . 
  before ww2 , czechoslovakia was a major supplier of arms to many countries around the world . 
  we even supplied the wehrmacht later / s, 
  as my american professor said in college : * czechs assimilate quickly * . 
  ( or import more foreigners . ), 
  but you 're absolutely right , of course , the decision to fix czk at 25 per eur was a huge middle finger to czech consumers . 
  we need to stop competing as a place with low-wage labour and start competing by producing and exporting innovation . 
  that will require a massive improvement in all levels of education , making business easier to start and grow ( we 're doing the opposite at the moment ; small entrepreneurs are the class enemy while huge conglomerates led by the freaking ( ex ) minister of finance gobble up eu subsidies and tax credits ) , all kinds of steps . 
  most of all , we need politicians with a vision . 
  if i could , i 'd send 100 talented kids to live and learn in finland and when they came back , i 'd give them absolute power for 10 years to enact the necessary reforms . 
  the info-graphic says `` people from central european countries '' ... 
  too flat , too cold , i guess . 
  czechs do n't mind cold if there are mountains to climb ( and fall from ) . 
  how many in iceland ( not technically western europe , but the map does n't care so why should i ) ? 
  i know of three , but there must be more . 
  is there a room for more ?
