  look , i am a europhile and my view of the czech government and politics can not possibly be any worse , but even i think this is an extraordinarily idiotic move on the part of the commission that will only help anti-eu populists here before the elections . 
  yes , the czech government agreed to the redistribution in principle , but we all know the whole scheme is purely symbolic anyway ( does little to solve the migration problem ) . 
  v4 countries ( i hate orb\u00e1n et al. , but these are the guys we 're stuck with at the moment ) make a good point here : the right move is to stop the free flow of illegal migrants into the eu , with eu border guards and detention centers outside the eu if necessary . 
  then we can talk redistribution of legal migrants among eu countries . 
  it 's a reasonable , common sense proposition that takes account of political realities in these countries . 
  coercion by the threat of denial of development funding will not help pro-eu politicians here sell this to the public ; they 'll have the opposite effect of them being defeated by populists . 
  also , until the western eu countries can demonstrate successful integration of their middle eastern migrants , or ability to actually deport them out of the eu if their asylum application is rejected , nobody sane here is going to take these people in at numbers that would in any shape or form help the front line countries . 
  czechs and others do n't want to end up like manchester , stockholm , paris , london etc. 
  where you sometimes have to question if you 're in europe at all . 
  the world really owes him for so many things . 
  it 's a shame others have taken credit for his inventions . 
  i hope so , but the thing is , i do n't believe most western europeans feel threatened enough to consider the loss of nato/eu security guarantees as such a big deal . 
  plus the russians would surely engage in heavy propaganda offensive showing the invasion of the baltics is only `` temporary '' , that their troop are just `` restoring public order '' etc. , to undermine the will of western european public to support the mobilisation of military force that would be necessary to eject the russians from the occupied territories . 
  plus there would be that threat putin could use nukes if he started losing badly . 
  the difference exists , but i am not entirely convinced the germans or italians would , hypothetically , go to war with russia to liberate the baltics . 
  most european anthems are so belligerent . 
  at least the czech one is totally peaceful . 
  that 's the best part , sadly . 
  that 's called a rule of law . 
  where i live , you may kill a person in self-defence , but you must demonstrate that you were in actual danger to your health or even life , or that you had a good reason to believe this was the case . 
  that was n't even a real mountain and we still dropped like flies . 
  slovaks can tell you what happens when czechs go to * real * mountains ... 
  aaand evidence for how babi\u0161 influences the media he controls is now being revealed : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rakjrzac2t0, 
  let 's hope this 13 will turn out to be a lucky one , 
  does n't happen very often , but this i definitely approve of . 
  we should have done so a long long time ago . 
  shoot one of their planes down . 
  turkey did it to russians so it 's not like they 'd have any grounds to complain . 
  get off your high horse . 
  parlamentn\u00ed listy is a mockery of media , deliberately abusing press freedom to spread lies and stupidity . 
  it 's removal would be a service to humanity . 
  as for the rest , i see there is no point trying to explain the dangers of political takeover of the media to ano sympathisers , so i wo n't bother . 
  meaningless numbers pulled out of thin air . 
  i am talking about influence and impact on what we call `` serious '' journalism in czechia . 
  you talk about market share . 
  two totally different arguments . 
  ( 1 ) it 's not a joke . 
  print media generate content that is then recycled by smaller outlets , blogs , social media etc. 
  their influence is bigger than their actual `` market share '' suggests . 
  ( 2 ) it says a lot about the need to regulate media better . 
  shit like parlamentn\u00ed listy should have been taken out of the internet a long time ago , given the damage it has done to public debate in the country . 
  novinky is certainly more tabloidish than aktu\u00e1ln\u011b . 
  ( 3 ) sure , i never said you have to * own * a medium to control it . 
  but it certainly helps if you want to control it , does n't it ? 
  as for nova et al. , being apolitical is n't necessarily good . 
  being apolitical means you do n't care about politics , meaning you are failing in your duty as a citizen to participate in the public , i.e. 
  political , life . 
  nova and prima are cultivating an air of political apathy which serves populists well . 
  prima especially has been feeding on the refugee hysteria and pouring more oil into the flame . 
  and no , i am not saying they should only air what i like as you disingenuously suggest ; i am saying there should be certain standards of journalism which should be maintained to weed out fake news , blatant disinformation etc. 
  it 's the only way to cultivate an electorate that is actually competent to make an informed choice in an election . 
  babi\u0161 is the czech ( well , slovak ) version of berlusconi and we do not want that here , unless you believe italy is an example of a political system worth following ( no offence to any italians here , but you probably know that better than us ) . 
  just give them enough time ; once they control the media , elections wo n't help you . 
  no , it 's not ridiculous ; it 's a fact . 
  go ask any respectable journalist about how it is like to work for a newspaper owned by an influential politician who is running for re-election . 
  the pressures are implicit , sometimes even explicit . 
  stories that would have been published about ano and babi\u0161 are shelved because the journalists are just people : often they care more about having a well-paying job and being able to repay the mortgage than publishing damaging facts about the owner of their outlet . 
  ( 1 ) mf dnes and lidovky are * very influential * dailies . 
  printed media remain influential through reference , with their articles being reposted on social networks and by other media with smaller editorial teams . 
  large newspapers and tvs are basically the only ones with resources to do proper investigative journalism . 
  ( 2 ) parlamentn\u00ed listy is n't a medium , it 's a cynical fake news outlet and a commercial unedited venue for politicians to spread their `` truths '' . 
  novinky.cz is tabloidish and does n't care about doing proper journalism . 
  this is why the loss of both dnes and lidovky is so damaging and harmful to czech journalism scene . 
  ( 3 ) only czech tv is openly critical of babi\u0161 , and he 's using everything at his disposal to make it shut up about his scandals ( aka #sorryjako ) ; it 's just a matter of time before his political power is large enough to assume control of czech tv board and start purging or shutting up those reporters and editors who are critical of him . 
  nova and prima are at best apolitical , at worst sensation-driven fake-news prone outlets that can not be relied on to provide balanced news to the public . 
  so no , his influence is not exaggerated ; it is underrated . 
  basically , his tightening grip on the media and marketing-driven political campaign is the only reason why his `` party '' is currently leading the polls , despite his numerous scandals and proofs of massive abuse of power as the minister of finance . 
  try denying the holocaust or openly promoting nazi beliefs . 
  you 'll be behind bars before you finish saying heil hi --, 
  that is not how journalism works or should work . 
  major media outlets should be free at least of overt influence by leading politicians , otherwise we 're back in pre-1989 times . 
  business and politics got too intertwined with the media . 
  so now we 're in the same category as the uk . 
  the horror . 
  / s for non-czechs out here , this is clearly the doing of our 1st deputy prime minister and minister of finance , mr andrej babi\u0161 ; he 's the ceo of a large agribusiness conglomerate and now a proud owner of two major daily newspapers . 
  he bought them `` so that they finally write the truth '' ( his words , paraphrased ) , and certainly keep printing his `` truth '' . 
  recently , the parliament passed a bill banning politicians from holding a major stake in large enterprises and media corporations , which we call `` lex babi\u0161 '' here as it is clearly aimed against him . 
  nevertheless , `` his '' newspapers keep promoting his `` political movement '' ( read : single-purpose political vehicle designed to further babi\u0161 's commercial interests ) ano ( an abbreviation for `` action of discontent citizens '' , but it means `` yes '' in czech ) . 
  if this guy wins the next parliamentary elections , we 're in deep crap . 
  they 're not . 
  it 's entirely possible that soon , the `` productive '' life of a human being will be significantly extended through medical science . 
  if women could bear children ( without increased risks ) well into their , say , fifties , this would change the whole dynamic . 
  currently , the main problem is that young people do not have enough financial and employment stability to start families , and when they finally get financial stability , they 're too old to have children . 
  there are solutions , nothing is set in stone . 
  in general , i would n't mind general population decrease ( natural , long-term ) as this would help alleviate many global problems related to overconsumption and the environment . 
  the problem is we need to ensure that the decrease is equally spread : europe should now decline when crapholes like africa are booming . 
  fine , then ban importing their products in return . 
  in the future of automated production , there will be no other way to keep the government funded . 
  if manufacturing and most of services become fully automated , people will become essentially unemployable ( through no fault of their own ) . 
  in that situation , you need to set up a basic unconditional income for everyone , otherwise there will be no consumers to buy anything . 
  i am expanding the meaning . 
  a corporation likes to profit from good business environment created by the state , but is loathe to give stuff back ( taxes , good wages , etc. ) . 
  in this hypothetical scenario , these companies would have to be very heavily taxed to actually keep supporting the welfare state , otherwise it would entirely collapse . 
  or we end up with huge corporations controlling these automated means of production ( `` privatising the gains '' ) and huge masses of unemplo * yable * people living on basic income ( `` socialize the costs '' ) , with a dwindling middle class caught in between . 
  i like your vision , but i am not optimistic we have the kind of forward-looking , intelligent political leaders who could implement it in real life . 
  see e.g. 
  the incredibly stupid way they handle immigration : they 're clueless , have not concept of what to do 5 or 10 years from now . 
  they 're just stumbling from crisis to crisis , hoping problems will solve themselves , or be solved by someone else when they 're not in office any more . 
  it 's a pathetic shitshow . 
  sex is ok , having kids is n't .
