  i 've said before on here , i love portugal !, 
  porto is one of my favourite cities , the portuguese are like a friendlier version of the spanish . 
  also we have the oldest political alliance in the world . 
  the uk does have a few separatism issues to be honest . 
  definitely , buddhist 's are seen as peaceful , kind and basically no hassle . 
  i 'd say love actually from the uk . 
  it 's got pretty much every british film star in it , it 's set at xmas ( always good for a feel good film ! ), 
  and it sums up the way us brits are around each other ( awkward , funny , stupid ) if you have n't seen it then wait until winter , grab some munchies and a bit of booze and cuddle up on the sofa with your other half ( or your mates ) . 
  trust me you will like it . 
  sorry , it 's quite hard to explain really , if you imagine we were having a conversation face to face then i was implying that i would be getting a lecture about starting smoking at such an old age . 
  i hope that makes sense !, 
  i 'm a full smoker now , i smoke far too much and i 've just bought one of those vape things so hopefully i 'll stop soon !, 
  i started after i tried weed age ... 18 ( i know , i know ! ), 
  i fell in with a crowd of people who smoked weed and tried it , i liked it , so i started buying it and some tobacco to smoke it with . 
  a few weeks later i was a regular cigarette smoker . 
  go to the pub . 
  source : it 's a sunny day today , i 'm off work and i 'm in the beer garden, 
  best buy had the same problem in the uk , tried to blow curry 's ( our biggest electrical retailer ) out of the water , curry 's is still here and best buy is n't . 
  everyday , my part of the country is flat , and the closest to the continent so all the usaf bases are around here as well as one of the british army 's largest garrisons . 
  further education colleges in england normally offer a-levels ( the same as sixth form at school ) and the technical stuff like apprenticeships and adult education . 
  some even do degrees as well now . 
  as you say there are also ` pure ' sixth form colleges which only do a-levels , but most will do all the stuff above . 
  happens all the time in the uk parliament . 
  we 've got a to channel called bbc parliament which allows you to watch most stuff that happens , a lot of the time there is hardly anyone there !, 
  the house of lords ( upper chamber ) is even worse because a lot of them are very old , it 's not unusual to see people asleep . 
  it 's more to do with the huge size of our population in comparison to norway . 
  it 's easy to chuck the oil money in the bank if you only have 5 million people to look after !, 
  interestingly there was a report a while back that showed we have some of the best oral hygiene in the world , obviously down to the nhs . 
  the stereotype seems to come from the americans , who are obsessed with having ludicrously straight and sparklingly white teeth . 
  also it 's bloody hard to keep your teeth perfectly white when you drink 50 cups of tea a day !, 
  agreed , normally a ` cheers mate ' from me . 
  with all those extra fingers i would have expected a quicker response !, 
  norfolk ? 
  # 24 a month for 38mb ( i live in the countryside ) unlimited fibre through ee . 
  last time i checked i was getting just over 36mb, 
  to be fair we do have cafe culture ( think full english breakfast , builders and copies of the sun ! ), 
  but i 'm not sure it 'll be what op has in mind !, 
  i agree , i must admit i use it much less now than i did . 
  reddit , bank , gmail , instagram , flipboard and whatsapp, 
  i used to be partial to a reef when i was young , the shitty local club used to sell them for a quid on friday nights . 
  because they were still you could do that trick with a straw and down a bottle in one . 
  much the same as you they were just coming out when i was 17 or 18 , good times . 
  i 've noticed hooch is back !, 
  possibly, 
  i 'm not sure they are sold anymore , i have n't seen a breezer for ages . 
  not enough bang for your buck with alco-pops really , they cost well over # 1 each for 5 % , cider is a much easier way of getting pissed on the cheap . 
  our eggs are sold by the dozen or half dozen in the uk , if you bought 5 then you broke one . 
  but you make a good point , it 's all relative, 
  they ca n't until they are 18 officially but as the poster above alludes to it 's pretty easy to get hold of booze in your early teens and cheap cider ( 3ltrs for # 2ish at 7-10 % abv ) is usually the drink of choice . 
  that is some top notch trolling poland !, 
  i wonder what other hilarious thing we could all do to anger putin ? 
  it 's very similar , i really only follow the national team , i 've got no professional local team anywhere near ( northampton is closest ) . 
  seems like an excellent idea to me , leaving the eu is very fashionable at the moment . 
  that 's why it 'll never get the media coverage in the uk , football dominates all . 
  you must be kidding !, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_rugby_union it 's your country 's most popular sport . 
  edit : grammar, 
  to be fair that is the same for most sports in most countries !, 
  the olympics is funny in the uk suddenly everyone turns into an expert on rowing and cycling !, 
  i was listening to an aussie on the radio the other week who runs an expat team in berlin , apparently the nazi 's banned it because it was deemed to ` anglo ' . 
  this obviously lead to a generation of german kids who did n't play or know anything about rugby . 
  until that point it was a pretty popular game in germany . 
  there was an interesting thread on r/rugby about just this . 
  georgia and romania are both ` chomping at the bit ' to get into the 6 nations and are arguably both better at this point than italy were when they were allowed in . 
  the issue is likely to be the french and english domestic leagues ( where all the money in the game is ) . 
  they currently lose their best players for quite a bit of the season , an expanded 6 nations would mean even more time without star players ( not to mention the autumn fixtures ) . 
  it 's very popular in cities , and every school has a court , it used to be the go to game when the weather was too bad to play football at my school . 
  the main issue is there really is no chance of it getting major exposure on the sports channels with the dominance of football , rugby , cricket etc. . 
  i 'd agree $ 10000 does n't seem ridiculous ( well it does to me but my wife would think it was reasonable ! ) . 
  a wedding venue , on a weekend could easily cost that depending on the time of year , for 100 guests with food etc. . . 
  how 's your 6 nations working out wales ? 
  not many people know but basketball is the 2nd most played sport for 11-15 year olds ( behind football obviously ! ), 
  in the uk . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's also illegal to sell alcohol to someone who is drunk i believe , you can imagine how strictly this is enforced !, 
  pretty much everywhere in the uk . 
  i live in a small town and we have 3 shops and 2 market stalls selling them . 
  to sum up what you 've said ukip are a shambles at the moment !, 
  i agree with their stance on europe , and some of their policies are actually quite sensible but the people they pick to represent them are just a bit crazy . 
  they are cannon fodder for the media and established parties , they need more people like carswell in the party ( who can get through a interview with out saying something mental ! ), 
  rather than just recruiting the crazy wing of the conservatives . 
  if they tone down the crazy then they would get a lot more votes , unfortunately the media will dig up any tiny thing and roll with it so if ukip ca n't find squeaky clean , career politicians to stand then they wo n't win seats unless we get pr . 
  to answer op 's question , if the tories do n't backtrack on brexit then they will get my vote at the next ge ( as if it matters they have a 17k majority where i live ! ), 
  that 's your solution to everything netherlands , build a bloody dam !, 
  orange squash, 
  i completely agree , it 's also worth pointing out that a large percentage of the population of the uk have relations and family history in all 4 countries . 
  i for example have northern irish , scottish and english grandparents , my wife 's father is welsh and we are both english . 
  to the outside world it must seem that we all dislike each other but often i think it 's just a misunderstanding of the inter country banter . 
  they sure do , so do the salmon !, 
  if i was from a country that was so low-lying i 'd be concerned too netherlands !, 
  once they get independence which country do you think they are coming for first ? 
  you 're right but i do n't think you should get so annoyed about the cock-up at the oscars , people make mistakes . 
  probably more sensible rather than strange . 
  as i said in my comment not my list taken from the independent . 
  although i suppose it could be seen as strange that someone has actually thought about a law before implementing it !, 
  i 'm sure there was something about dutch trees a couple of years ago , regarding some disease ? 
  which had a similar import restrictions . 
  is that 1st one referring to the fish or the scottish politician ? 
  that 's good news i 'm off down to london with a plank and a rug then !, 
  here are some interesting ones from a recent article in the independent the top ten weirdest laws in britain today 1 .
