  it 's completely irrelevant which regions or cities or streets or individual fucking houses voted to leave or remain it was a national referendum . 
  i 'm almost certain scotland will get another referendum at some point but by that time the uk will have left the eu , so it 'll be up to the eu how they deal with an independent scotland 's application . 
  same over here in suffolk , vote leave signs everywhere and lots of those ` take back control ' banners . 
  that was fascinating was n't it , i was listening to a researcher on the radio discussing that just the other day . 
  apparently it 's taken us nearly 1000 years to get back to the point the romans were at with concrete , something about the material they used being from a very specific area , which gave their concrete very unique properties . 
  it 's also worth noting ( going off on a slight tangent here ) that some of those tiny islands are home to huge varieties of wildlife , many of them are uninhabited and have become havens for all sorts of wildlife . 
  so we 're not all about the wars ( just a little bit / s ) there was an excellent bbc documentary series about them , unfortunately it does n't seem to be on iplayer but here 's a website http://www.britainstreasureislands.com/, 
  it does n't when the snp win all the seats , if labour win them or ( i 'll say this with my tongue firmly in my cheek ! ), 
  the tories , then it has a very real impact on the rest of the uk . 
  that 's what you think , he 's stealing your broadband !, 
  you 're correct it would n't go down well at all , however it 's an important point that people often seem to overlook when discussing scottish independence ( particularly on r/europe ) . 
  much like the point i 've made in my other comment in this thread , the uk parliament is the one with the power to grant a referendum to scotland , which is why it wo n't happen before brexit . 
  ahhhh !, 
  not the iceberg lettuce !, 
  ( quite frankly the shittest of all the lettuces ) , how will we make our prawn cocktail !, 
  you joke but there was a news story in the uk a few days ago implying that spanish supermarkets were getting precedence over uk ones with vegetable supplies . 
  the whole article was trying to frame it as some sort of ` punishment ' related to brexit !, 
  rather than there being a genuine shortage . 
  i think a lot of that will depend on how the issues surrounding brexit are resolved . 
  uk has wares if saudi 's have the coin . 
  that last paragraph is the key one , the tories only have one mp in scotland , they really have no incentive to allow another referendum at this point . 
  i know it 's a bit of a sour point but the tories have a majority in the uk parliament so it is their decision , and teresa may is very pro-union . 
  scotland will get another referendum at some point , i think the chances of it being before brexit are close to zero . 
  as an englishman with scottish , welsh and n irish grandparents it makes me sad that my country is going to break up but i 've accepted that it will . 
  one thing that really annoys me is the idea that scotland can somehow propose , win consent from parliament and win a referendum before the uk leaves the eu , it 's just not feasible . 
  why does everyone keep using the phrase ` break free ' you 're implying that scotland is being held in the uk against it will ? 
  there was a referendum held in 2014 , scot 's voted to remain in the uk . 
  i also think it 's highly unlikely that parliament will vote for another referendum before brexit happens , the government is going to be busy negotiating with europe . 
  i would go so far as to say that northern ireland is more likely to have a referendum next . 
  the saudis are hardly new partners !, 
  we 've been selling them weapons for a long time . 
  i agree it does start at home and i try to teach my children to respect everyone 's views/culture/religion that they come across in life . 
  unfortunately this has to be reciprocated , i 'm a great believer in giving respect when respect is due . 
  if the people you are trying to give respect too are advocating the killing of people to further a religion then they no longer deserve respect . 
  if you 've just spent hundreds of quid on a holiday , spending a few more to use your phone is n't really a big deal !, 
  it costs # 2 a day with my current provider . 
  easy now , that kind of talk can get you shot with an air rifle !, 
  that is so fucking cornwall !, 
  are we doing lighthouse 's now , please tell me we are doing lighthouses !, 
  thanks , that was an interesting read . 
  do n't worry mate we 're still busy celebrating the rugby / s, 
  to be honest the issue in the uk with regards to milk is the supermarkets ` price war ' , they have decided that about # 1 is the correct price for 4 pints of milk and effectively told the dairy farmers this is what we 're paying for it . 
  dairy farmers are often selling milk at a loss . 
  i did a quick search , did n't realise the link was dead , sorry . 
  it really is an excellent documentary . 
  somebody does n't subscribe to the school of ` keeping thing simple ', 
  there is also this excellent bbc documentary http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/congo-white-king-red-rubber-black-death/, 
  for some reason the one piece of french that has stuck with me is the ability to ask directions to the library . 
  poor belarus , maybe we should all offer them one of our countries jokes to use , everybody should be able to into joking !, 
  well done romanians !, 
  keep up the fight . 
  you forgot the really basic set of instructions that contain mostly pictures , that make it basically impossible . 
  no matter how chaotic things seem , there is always boris waiting in the wings to really get the fun started, 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  edit : not the welsh being awesome , the fork . 
  not again !, 
  most of the hooligans would be allowed into the us , so not much chance of trouble, 
  it would be fine if scotland ( and wales ) did n't constantly go on about how they want ` independence ' and how much they ` hate ' the english . 
  if you have a look around reddit you would think the english are oppressing the other nations in the uk . 
  one thing that particularly annoys me is that scottish ( and other eu ) students do n't pay tuition fees to go to uni in scotland , english ( and ni and welsh ) students do , and that is funded from england . 
  the english do n't earn a lot more ( obviously excluding london ) wages are similar in most parts of the uk . 
  what i meant is that the scotland for example gets more ` per head ' spending than england from the uk government . 
  yes but the english pay a disproportionate amount , google the ` barnett formula ' if you 're interested , basically the english pay a lot more per head than the rest of the uk . 
  that would be good as long as the english taxpayer does n't have to pay for it . 
  very true , however it 's worth remembering that the tories are by far the most popular party in england so whatever anyone thinks of their policies they still get the votes . 
  well at the moment the other parts of the uk have what are called ` devolved powers ' so things like healthcare are administered by there own parliaments/assemblies . 
  seems fine so far , but the english do n't have a parliament so our healthcare is administered by the uk government which means scottish , welsh and ni mp 's in the uk parliament can vote on issues that only effect england . 
  in the past it 's not really been an issue but with the rise of the snp in scotland over the last few years it is becoming a bit of an issue ( as the conservative party have been in power for a while ) they like to oppose everything the tories want to do . 
  nah we 're cool , we do n't mind helping out our ` little bros ' there was a political party called the english democrats who wanted an english parliament etc , unfortunately they turned into a bunch of savage racists so ... . 
  jerusalem is n't really used by england , we tend to use god save the queen , as is the way with the uk all the other parts get special treatment ( parliaments , anthems etc ) and the english pay for it and get nothing, 
  they like to think it is but the only official one is god save the queen . 
  we all have the same anthem , god save the queen . 
  the other anthems are unofficial ones , usually only used for sporting events like rugby or the commonwealth games . 
  so would i , one of the few songs that makes the hairs on my arms stand up . 
  defiantly jerusalem in england, 
  not very , but i live in the middle of nowhere . 
  possibly , i 'm not from essex so i would n't know . 
  definitely london , they live in a different world to the rest of the uk . 
  surprise these days to be honest . 
  i could n't really care less , much like most people could n't care less which football team i support . 
  me and my mates ` borrowed ' a ladder from someone 's garden ( we did put it back after ) , carried it down the street and used it to steal the citroen flag from the top of a garage . 
  do n't know why we just wanted that flag . 
  estonian pubs must be very different to the ones in the uk then !, 
  although the ` unwritten rule ' is generally no politics or religion , being drunk and shouting loud opinions is pretty normal over here . 
  you are quite right with your first sentence , she is likely to win a large majority in a month or so . 
  if you only get your news from reddit you 'd think she was despised by the whole country . 
  if you speak to people irl ( especially in the south ) then she is the best person for the job . 
  whether that makes her popular is another question , it 's not people who are interested in politics who decide elections it 's the casual 's who turn up and vote and they probably do n't spend much time online reading about politics !, 
  south - rich north - poor midlands - bit of both east - farmers west - farmers wales - sheep scotland - angry northern ireland - even more angry london - rich twats, 
  horse racing is definitely still a thing . 
  it 's worth # 3.45 billion to the uk economy and employs 17500 people directly and another 65000 indirectly . 
  i 've been to aveiro ( which is beautiful ) with work the last couple of years , and we spent a few days in porto . 
  i 've also been to madeira when i was younger . 
  every time i 've been to portugal i 've had a good time , so it 's my favourite country . 
  the weather is good , the people are friendly , and the prices are amazing , compared to the uk . 
  that 's a pretty tough combo to find anywhere , yet alone a couple of hours flight away . 
  i 've seen the name when i was last there but i ca n't say i ever had it ( although i might have , i was quite drunk most of the time ! ), 
  the hotel i was staying in only had superbock in the bar , but to be honest i 'll drink anything !, 
  i was reading some interesting stuff a few weeks back about the clubs in porto . 
  i think i 'm going to pop over to porto for a long weekend in a few weeks and have a few super bock 's .
