  apple products are already ludicrously overpriced what sort of tariff are you going to put on them that will stop people buying them ? 
  what about facebook ? 
  anyone who actually cares stopped using it years ago , try stopping older people using it . 
  google , i 'm not even going to bother ... how do you even impose tariffs on something like google ? 
  people are going to use what they want to use , as others have said these companies have been fucking people over for years , they wo n't give a shit about tariffs , they hardly pay any tax anyway !, 
  that 's a good idea, 
  looks like a vale sabre from skyrim . 
  i was think more of services , it or intellectual property rather than manufactured goods . 
  the point i was making is that this is probably what most banks or service companies will do , create a small satellite company in ireland and keep the main bulk in london ( for dealing with the rest of the world ) . 
  slight ambiguity !, 
  finland wo n't like that . 
  this was exactly what i was expecting , create an office in ireland where they speak the same language stick a skeleton staff in there ( minimum legal requirements ) and gain access to the eu without disrupting the rest of the business . 
  also has the added bonus for the companies of ireland 's incredibly low tax rates . 
  good point . 
  to be fair , it 'd be quite reasonable to sort out your car insurance the day before it expires , with comparison sites . 
  you do however make a good point . 
  yeah bloody hell , nobody wants the eu to collapse , that 'll be a shitstorm that resonates for decades and will have a significant effect on geographic europe not just the eu, 
  that 's very true . 
  that 's ok they do n't really speak english anyway . 
  stop !, 
  stop !, 
  you 're causing a disturbance in the force , r/britishproblems is imploding under the weight of tutting !, 
  the trouble is you would be lumping yourselves in with the yanks as people who can speak english but ca n't spell properly . 
  to be honest the healthcare fairy is pretty good , she does n't get the plaudits that the tooth fairy gets but she try 's . 
  yeah , someone disagrees with you so you just ` send in the navy ', 
  to be honest i think he 'd have been remembered as one of the greats without iraq , such a cock-up . 
  you get a much nicer view from down on the riverbank, 
  ` fucking ' i see you 've used the english tourist translation . 
  there is a sad lack of moustaches in politics these days !, 
  what 's it got to do with tigers ? 
  they 've remade this , i noticed my little girl watching it the other day, 
  just as i thought . 
  typical bloody finland , has to be the best in europe . 
  they are quite similar to the nords you 're referring to ( if i 've got my gaming references correct ! ), 
  miserable drink lots like fighting stroppy about ` freedom ', 
  named after the famous car manufactured by seat i presume . 
  i 'm not sure who they asked but i have never met anyone in the uk who sees iran as a threat of any kind !, 
  we do n't want to change over . 
  everyone else will realise they are driving on the wrong side one day and change to the correct side . 
  you guys are going to be so embarrassed when you realise you 've been driving on the wrong side all this time . 
  it my favourite too . 
  not going to happen , especially if that war-mongering twat is anything to do with it . 
  blair is almost universally hated in the uk , and the fact that he has said what he said today will strengthen the resolve of brexiters and probably push some who voted to remain over to brexit . 
  looks a bit chilly !, 
  it 's a crown dependency , the uk does foreign relations and defence . 
  piss off blair you war mongering cunt . 
  is that including the scots who live in other parts of the uk ? 
  personally i think this should be easily sorted out during negotiations , i think people in general would agree that protecting these traditional/geographical foods and drinks is important or we end up with mass produced crap that 's the same everywhere . 
  that is a good point !, 
  why is it so popular in scotland ? 
  i 'd never heard about it until i got friendly with some scot 's in majorca . 
  after this i looked into the history and it turns out that the monks who make it are in a constant moral dilemma with it . 
  edit : some shit auto correct . 
  plundering obviously . 
  trump obviously !, 
  alright but they 've got to live in the garden and you need to take them their buckfast every day !, 
  do n't get me wrong it would be a nightmare to sort out !, 
  one friend in particular said `` we have to put up with the piss taking when we get walloped at rugby or football but we do n't get to decide on our country 's future '', 
  and they 'll say ` what 's a euro ? ', 
  i always think it 's a bit like that weird version of cnn you get in hotel rooms . 
  not enough interesting stuff going on so lots of strange filler items . 
  i read that as ` cool european 's ' i thought italians were going it alone . 
  good point , i was never really a fan of that rule to be honest . 
  i personally think it should have been a decision for the scots . 
  i know a lot of proud scot 's who were a little bit annoyed they did n't get a chance to vote because they were living in england but other european citizens could . 
  bloody good idea . 
  nah we saw them off on saturday . 
  the guys in gibraltar do !, 
  i saw a documentary a while back , they still have a ceremony every year where they re-enact the siege of gibraltar which includes firing the cannons . 
  to be fair whilst i agree that the armed forces are chronically underfunded , the uk still has one of the most powerful military 's on the planet . 
  here 's a handy little tool for comparison between 2 military 's http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=united-kingdom&amp;country2=spain&amp;submit=compare, 
  i 'm going to predict that this will be one of the first things that gets sorted out during the negotiations so all the politicians can stand up at a press conference and get some nice positive pr . 
  yeah they wo n't be able to find us anymore without that super accurate gps . 
  yeah i 'm sick of those bloody danish oppressing the poor faroe islanders !, 
  a beautiful example of classic scottish architecture . 
  just do n't mention the quality of our sparkling wine !, 
  the falklands would have been annoying if we had n't travelled 1000 's of miles on bloody cruise ships and still whipped the argies arses !, 
  yeah finland you 're not top of this one !, 
  there would also be major pushback from ukraine and possibly belarus not to mention all the other small states who the russians have bullied on their borders . 
  then you 'd probably have some interesting situations in the middle east , i 'm assuming the saudis and possibly turkey would side with europe meaning russia would be fighting on loads of different fronts . 
  that 's the point with most of russia 's equipment , obviously the bits they parade around on tv are shiny and new but most of it is the same old shit they were using in the 80 's . 
  if britain suffers the eu suffers too , maybe less than the uk but it 'll still suffer . 
  i would go for a qualifying round , involving the winner of the rugby europe competition from the previous season and the bottom team of the 6 nations . 
  could even work with the top 2 and bottom 2 from each , it 'd only be 1 more match . 
  i was listening to an australian guy on the radio the other day who runs an expat team in berlin . 
  the question as to why rugby was n't more popular in germany came up . 
  apparently it was quite popular before wwii but hitler effectively banned it for being ` too anglo ' . 
  after they leave the eu with the rest of uk , gain consent from westminster for a referendum and win it , then negotiate the terms for splitting from the uk . 
  after all of that i 'd assume they 'd be a perfect candidate for eu membership . 
  i agree , been there with work a couple of times in the last few years , it really is a beautiful city . 
  that may have been part of the debate but it was n't the question , same with the eu ref lots of things were discussed but it came down to a single question . 
  i 'm also not convinced most of the people who voted no in the indyref did so because they were worried about having to leave the eu . 
  no they did n't they voted to remain a part of the uk , the question on the ballot paper was regarding uk membership and had no mention of the eu . 
  when they voted to remain part of the uk they voted to be governed by the uk parliament , which has representatives from all parts of the uk . 
  the party that won the election had as part of its manifesto a pledge to hold a referendum on eu membership , that referendum has got the uk to where we are now . 
  i 'm tired of people acting like the scots were tricked into staying in the uk . 
  quite frankly a lot of english voters do n't like the fact that scottish mp 's can vote on issues that only affect england but that 's how the uk works . 
  i completely agree , i get a bit annoyed with everyone on this sub implying that is evil english are holding scotland in the union against their will . 
  they had a referendum in 2014 they voted to remain in the uk . 
  the uk 's elected government then held a referendum on eu membership , the uk voted to leave .
