  all beached whales and sturgeons must be offered to the reigning monarch 2 . 
  no person shall , in the course of a business , import into england , potatoes which he knows , or has reasonable cause to suspect , are from poland 3 . 
  it is illegal to be drunk in the pub 4 . 
  it is illegal to carry a plank along a pavement ( as well as any ladder , wheel , pole , cask , placard , showboard , or hoop ) in the metropolitan police district 5 . 
  mps are not allowed to wear armour in parliament 6 . 
  it is an offence to be drunk and in charge of cattle in england and wales 7 . 
  it is illegal to handle a salmon in suspicious circumstances 8 . 
  it is an offence to beat or shake any carpet , rug , or mat ( except door mats before 8am ) in a thoroughfare in the metropolitan police district 9 . 
  it is illegal to jump the queue in the tube ticket hall 10 . 
  it is illegal to activate your burglar alarm without first nominating a ` key-holder ' who can switch it off in your absence http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-strangest-weird-laws-enforced-christopher-sargeant-sturgeon-armour-a7232586.html, 
  how can we choose they are all so bloody lovely ( except maybe that italian one with the maggots that someone posted a while back when i said on here i like all cheese ! ), 
  i 'm going to say feta , because i 'm eating some right now with some olives and bruschetta . 
  i 'm also partial to edam . 
  but really all of them !, 
  why is it disrespectful or stupid to be proud of your country ? 
  i 'll admit that my answer did stray slightly from the original question but i just love my country so much i guess i was trying to portray the reason for the why i feel that way . 
  op asked what my country means to me not what france or italy mean to me or what other countries think of britain , bit of a confusing comment really . 
  come on i 'd say you are semi-professional at striking , you guys have taken it to a level above a hobby . 
  same here , usually about the weather !, 
  yeah but we are still pretty small . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about , we were particularly good at that were n't we . 
  we also did some other stuff as well but of course it was mainly about the suffering . 
  come on you 're no finland are you . 
  i love my country . 
  considering how small we are , what we have given to the world and what we have achieved , quite frankly i think we are the best country in the world . 
  bring on the downvotes ... . 
  i agree with you , seems to completely defeat the object of being neutral . 
  ed sheeran 's promotion team have got some work to do in croatia it seems !, 
  it does seem strange that the need to refuel in ireland when they have loads of bases in the uk . 
  i 'm sure there is a good reason . 
  yeah i use chrome, 
  berlusconi is brilliant , i was thinking how funny it would have been if he and trump had been in power at the same time , i assume they would get on . 
  strangely mine is exactly 36 % as well . 
  fair points , however the question was specifically regarding the most trusted news source in a country , despite its flaws i really do n't think any other news channels would be seen as more impartial in the uk . 
  yes in turkey , it was a very dry heat so no humidity which meant it was n't all that bad really . 
  yeah reuters is ok , but it does n't have a news channel . 
  very true . 
  i like to watch the international news channels and in comparison the bbc is bloody amazing , al jazeera is probably the only other one worth mentioning . 
  definitely bbc in the uk , they take a lot of flack but they are ridiculously impartial . 
  it 's almost comical the lengths they go to sometimes so they do n't seem biased . 
  well i 've been drinking so i did n't read it properly ok !, 
  still loads , that british film industry really churns them out . 
  lots , although i ca n't list them all those yanks make a lot of films . 
  sanctions against the us ? 
  i would n't be surprised to learn that there are millions of people like us around the globe . 
  whenever we bring it up we get shouted down with `` it does n't taste of anything '' or `` it just tastes like water '', 
  damn i knew i forgot something !, 
  i can taste cucumber above anything in a meal , even if i take it out . 
  i really do n't like it and if the water you 're drinking tastes like that then it 's not right . 
  it may be worth you having a look at the university of london international program . 
  we ca n't be trusted with guns after the whole 'em pire ' incident . 
  what 's burek ? 
  ` football beer ' as i call it . 
  here 's the recipe : take 1 shit beer ( mass produced of course ) pour into a plastic ` glass ' leave to stand for 30mins charge 50 % more than normal . 
  most disgusting thing ( apart from cucumber ) i 've ever eaten , it shall never pass my lips again . 
  that is hersey anywhere in the world !, 
  sorry my french chums but the following may blow your mind . 
  my mum used to put bottles of white wine in the freezer , then take them out and drink them as they defrosted !, 
  agreed . 
  bit like the magpie one can be good or bad luck depending on how many you see !, 
  to be fair it was in salou so they probably have a pretty negative attitude towards british tourists . 
  you can look it up all you like my friend but were i live it is considered bad luck if a black cat crosses your path . 
  it is after all a superstition so it may vary by region but as i said where i live it 's seen as unlucky . 
  no , a black cat crossing your path is definitely seen as unlucky in the uk . 
  agreed they are all a bit mental at the weekends/holidays !, 
  museums in london are free . 
  science museum for science , british museum for plunder from the empire days , natural history for animals and dinosaurs and imperial war for tanks and stuff . 
  they are all massive so probably best to choose one depending on your interests ( it takes a day to go round one properly although you could probably do 2 if you skip some bits as they are all near each other ), 
  in the uk we have lots of these : bad luck to walk under a ladder bad luck if a black cat crosses your path bad luck to open an umbrella indoors bad luck ( house will burn down ) to have a robin in the house . 
  bad luck to step on 3 drains in a row salute a magpie if you see one ( my irish nana also used to say ' good morning m'lord ' 3 times ) if you spill salt you need to throw a pinch over your shoulder ( something about the devil ? ), 
  we 've got that one in the uk , it 's been kind of extended into a bit of a joke now ( because most furniture is made of mdf or glass etc ) everyone does a little joke about not being able to find any wood to knock on so they knock on their heads . 
  best hungary - we ended up going back to the same restaurant 3 days running on a stag weekend in budapest last year . 
  the staff were brilliant , friendly , enjoyed having a bit of a laugh ( despite the fact we were probably really annoying ! ), 
  and sat down with us at the end of the meal and enjoyed a drink . 
  top notch . 
  and i now recommend budapest to anyone who asks . 
  worst spain - they acted like they did n't want us to be there ( young family ) were completely disinterested despite the fact their restaurant was completely empty . 
  edit : i will add that the above example is not representative of spain as a whole , just the tourist areas i 've been to ( probably been let down by my fellow countrymen in the past ), 
  vladimir is that you ? 
  it 's got a bit lost in all the chaos but i think this is one thing trump is actually trying to get sorted out . 
  i heard something about a deal with some doctors to provide expedited cancer care for veterans . 
  nah , everyone else drives on the wrong side !, 
  they probably make up a few hours around christmas and easter when they show a few services . 
  to be fair i find r/united kingdom is all politics as well , i much prefer r/ukpolitics but as far as i can tell they are the same just from opposite sides of the political spectrum . 
  i tend to stick to r/askuk or r/britishproblems or success , much more light hearted and does n't get you all riled up . 
  they would have been stolen at my school . 
  this is the first time i 've seen it mentioned to be honest . 
  let the ` u ' flow through you ... yes come over to the spelling dark side, 
  thanks , interesting survey . 
  i 'd also be interested in seeing the results and if possible the demographics . 
  i 'm assuming from your username you are the same age as me . 
  my primary school experience was fairly similar although i went to a cofe primary school in a small village . 
  their was no mention of any other religions only christianity , we did the hymns etc in assembly but it was all centred around christianity . 
  as i said the school i went to was called st andrews and was a cofe school so i would expect religious indoctrination but the one my daughter goes to is not cofe so i do n't agree with it . 
  the other issue i have is that with the way allocation of school places work in the uk you do n't really get much choice as to where your kids go to school in rural areas so i think it 's unacceptable for a council controlled school to have any sort of religious agenda . 
  not as important as it should be in the uk !, 
  as someone who is agnostic , i was extremely annoyed when my 4 year old daughter came home from school upset because `` everyone was horrible to jesus and nailed him onto a cross '' obviously they had been discussing the meaning of easter , which is fine i 'm not against discussing religious perspectives or the reasons behind certain festivals however what i 'm not ok with is it being presented as fact to young children !, 
  there is no discussion of other religion 's festivals or celebrations , that in my opinion is creating an us vs them culture at a very young age . 
  if i 'd sent my daughter to a specifically religious school then fair enough however the school she attends is the only one she is allowed to due to where we live . 
  it 's not even as if the vast majority of people even attend church in the uk , i really do n't understand why their needs to be a link between state and church .
