luxembourg 's is a nice down to earth one !, 
  basically they want to stay the same . 
  it would have been a nice touch to be honest . 
  i know the russians can be dicks but little things like this all add up and can help to turn public opinion . 
  obviously i could understand former soviet countries not wanting to do it but there is no reason the rest of europe could n't have . 
  very sad . 
  i do n't know , maybe your losing your mind ? 
  it 's always been shit ( the sports coverage is ok ) , they do n't even have page 3 girls anymore . 
  nothing has happened today , i 'm bored of this already . 
  you should know by now it 's always russias fault , unless it 's the uk 's fault and let 's not forget it could be the usa 's fault ... ... to quote the great moe szyslak `` immigants !, 
  i knew it was them !, 
  even when it was the bears , i knew it was them . '', 
  perhaps why the ` animal ' qualifier has been added to this little wager . 
  without that it would simply be a case of eating 2 spotted dicks ( yeah i know ! ), 
  which is a delicious british pudding which goes very nicely with some warm custard ( again i know , lots of potential for innuendoes here chaps ! ), 
  if only everyone on reddit replied in such an intelligent and sensible way , this whole place would be so much nicer !, 
  well played sir !, 
  good answer . 
  surely the eu would be an issue with regards to a currency union ? 
  i ca n't see them being in favour of a currency union between the uk and an independent scotland whilst they are simultaneously trying to screw the uk over due to brexit . 
  then there is the potential that the uk could leave with no deal and the torys go for plan b and carry out the threat to turn the uk into some sort of tax haven which would result in a massive back door ( via scotland ) into the eu for all those tax haven # 's . 
  basically back to square one as far as i can see , would be a total cluster fuck . 
  whilst i agree with the point that intra-uk trade figures are a bit unreliable , your point on mortgages is very interesting . 
  if , as you suggest you moved your mortgage to a scottish ( or european ) company it would reduce the trade deficit with england , would it not cost you personally , a lot of money ? 
  the pound is currently weak and if the uk economy is going to collapse then that will remain the situation for a while . 
  if millions of scottish people have to move their mortgages to the euro ( or some sort of non-currency pegged to the pound ) then surely the housing market would collapse ? 
  interest rates and repossessions would skyrocket ? 
  i really am not an expert when it comes to economics so i 'm sure i 'm missing something here !, 
  agreed , i ca n't say i ever voted for him but he was the only one who actually gave people a choice , all the shit that is happening now ( and will happen in the future ) is what the people decided . 
  that 's in england , if scottish people want independence then fair enough but they ca n't annex part of northern england . 
  edit : sorry did n't expand the replies !, 
  someone has mentioned this above . 
  the copious amounts of alcohol the scotsman consumes also ensures their blood alcohol level keeps the stab wounds sterile so as to prevent infection . 
  same here !, 
  til cambridge is somewhere in lincolnshire . 
  damn i got excited for a minute and thought we might finish 2nd last for once !, 
  forget russia , i ca n't see france agreeing !, 
  nah , we enjoy the same leisure activities as the irish , drinking ( lots ! ), 
  that 's not the point , if the question was ambiguous then this point would be up for discussion but it was quite clear . 
  the government could have put in the act of parliament the requirement for a super majority but they did n't so the mandate comes from a simple majority . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that the current government is in power with far less of a mandate than the brexit one at 36.9 % of the vote shareso if anything leaving the eu has more of a mandate than the government . 
  but the question was very clear and leave won , which is a direct mandate to leave the eu . 
  then it 'd be general election time and most likely a landslide for the tories with a fair few ukip mp 's thrown in to the mix . 
  it does n't really , the amendment was regarding the ability of parliament to reject a deal that teresa may comes back with . 
  if parliament rejects the deal then it 'll probably be a case of leaving with no deal , the power to extend the 2 year negotiation period is in the eu 's hands as it requires the agreement of all member states . 
  so if parliament tell the government to go back and re-negotiate they will only have the remainder of the 2 years to do it . 
  that is true , what kind of upper house are the lib dems looking for , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i was discussing this with my brother the other day and it 's quite a complicated issue !, 
  this will just go back to the commons and be returned with no amendments , it may however delay the triggering of a50 . 
  the hol know they are playing with fire here , they have to be seen to be holding the government to account but this is no ordinary piece of legislation , this has a direct mandate from the electorate . 
  if the lords get this wrong then the media will tear them to pieces . 
  the headlines almost write themselves `` un-elected peers defy will of the people ! '', 
  ironically the parties who want to stop brexit ( lib dems , snp and greens ) are also the parties who want the lords to be abolished . 
  but the efta would become a pretty powerful organisation overnight . 
  it would control most of europe 's oil and fish stocks for starters . 
  i ca n't see why they would n't want one of the worlds largest economies in the efta . 
  somebody has to ask , what is the picture of the swan got to do with patents ? 
  if gibraltar did decide to leave the uk i would envisage some sort of cyprus style arrangement with uk military assets on the island remaining british sovereign territory like raf akrotiri . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing that as well , people tend to say ukip are far-right when they are really not , the real far right parties in the uk ( bnp etc ) are a joke who have virtually no support . 
  yeah , osbourne was far too rich and evil . 
  that is good odds !, 
  i 'm thinking may will survive until the next ge , and i 'm not sure the country is ready for another john major , it seems to be all about personality over substance these days . 
  i agree , as i said in a thread yesterday , he is boring and seems sensible , just what we need at the moment . 
  he was very professional on andrew marr this morning , he does n't ever seem to be flustered by any line of questioning . 
  he could end up being one of the only politicians to come out of this whole period of politics with his head held high . 
  you mean a functional military alliance like nato ? 
  i saw you had answered that further down , although i must say it makes me a little sad that you feel that way . 
  hey portugal !, 
  we 've got the longest military alliance in history ( since 1386 ! ), 
  how may i ask are we not reliable ? 
  i always think the best test for a chancellor is if the average person in the street knows who they are . 
  i think with phil hammond the answer to that question is a definite no . 
  this is true . 
  it 's really cool is n't it , i do n't think i 've ever seen so many weird and wonderful flora and fauna in one place . 
  i like this chancellor , he 's boring , low-key and seems sensible , exactly like a chancellor should be . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard him say anything remotely controversial . 
  thanks, 
  the evolution of language is a beautiful thing . 
  any good recipe ? 
  sounds like a kofte kebab ? 
  edit : just read the wiki article below and it seems it probably originated from kofte kebabs . 
  what is it ? 
  it looks tasty , like some sort of sausage ? 
  this is true , a tv program done a test a few years ago , they changed # 10k in the 4 biggest banks and around 20 % of the # 1 coins they received were fake . 
  people can literally make them in their sheds with a lathe !, 
  security in shops is very tight with regards to notes now nobody even checks coins . 
  the system of business rates in the uk really is a joke . 
  it actually penalises small businesses in town centres ( which by the way are dying outside of major population areas ) and incentivises large multi-nationals . 
  same here , had such good times in turkey in the 90 's . 
  personally i 'd still go on holiday there now but trying to convince the wife to take 2 young kids there is impossible . 
  turkey 's tourism industry must be taking a big hit from all this shit , such a shame it really is a beautiful country with lovely people and good value for money . 
  seems a bit of an overreaction just to shut farage up !, 
  the burning question is can we still swap the case for some shitty fake chrome one with a sliding bit on the front ? 
  we truly are living in the world of tomorrow !, 
  or maybe yesterday ... . . 
  in the uk we also have an ancient festival that involves parading around the streets with an inflatable penis . 
  it called a hen party ... ... 
  to be honest , looking at the colour it looks more like trump, 
  i did n't know boris johnson was on another foreign visit . 
  i agree , you can impose tariffs but you ca n't control human behaviour by imposing tariffs .
