  i do n't know how she will do that because the company is not french so she ca n't nationalize it ... she is not the first to have says i will save your jobs but at end nothing will happen . 
  macron on this point is more realistic , he refuse to say the same thing because he knows that would be an empty promises . 
  please end this election fast because what happened today is stupid ... 
  i do n't know if a fighter jet is needed or not for this type of attack but if yes then it 's not isis, 
  no i do n't think it 's mandatory anymore , it 's just an option . 
  you can keep your identity or take a new one . 
  so if a french keeps his real identity he should be able to vote . 
  i can assure you the leclerc tanks in the french army are by far the most expensive tanks in the world . 
  maybe if you build new models the price will be different now because of the devaluation of the euro in 2014 but the price is not very well known . 
  no zero chance . 
  he will probably be the main figure of the right now because fillon , sarkozy and jupp\u00e9 are all gone . 
  the next elections for them are only 6 weeks after the second round of the presidential election . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_legislative_election,_2017 the next pm under macron could be jean-yves le drianc currently the minister of defence with hollande . 
  probably . 
  the new strong guy of the the republicans could be [ fran\u00e7ois baroin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fran%c3%a7ois_baroin ), 
  no , probably the right with the republicans . 
  fillon got 20 % even after the penelopegate , the party still strong and liked by the old people so a very large part of the population . 
  the leclerc , the most expensive tank in the world for nothing . 
  not anymore ? 
  thanks estonia . 
   ahh , that does make sense . 
  still , $ 2,000-6 ,000 is really good compared to $ 10,000-30 ,000 here . 
  well , student loans is not really a thing in france unlike in your country if i 'm not wrong , so if your parents ca n't pay this amount then the choice is more limited . 
  in france we do n't have a credit score ect all this shit ( haha ) so it 's unusual than we loan money for something else other than a house/flat , a car or to start a business . 
  also most people in france have a debit card not a credit card . 
  it 's very different than in usa . 
  no it was m\u00e9lenchon in the 1st round , not le pen, 
  not really because some regions have a lot of immigration and vote le pen and other vote macron/melenchon . 
  the 4 conditions in the same time . 
  no this guy is talking shit, 
  not really dude it does n't work like that, 
  nantes : le pen 2017 : 7,12 % le pen 2012 : 7,78 % i like my city . 
  by the way same in bordeaux le pen was doing better in 2012 . 
  it means a lot . 
  do n't expect much from them . 
  please stop saying this ... le pen has 0 chance really . 
  she ca n't even win the 1st . 
  you know that what you said is impossible in 2017, 
   also france has immigration problem !, 
  do n't deny this . 
  for example , i felt so much safer in warsaw than in paris why is that ? 
  a problem often from 2nd/3rd generation of migrants so explain me how le pen will fix thist ? 
  the problem in france is not from the current immigration in europe . 
  if people become radicalised in france then we must fix that but we do n't have to fucked up everything else to do that . 
  by the way i do n't think you can compare paris and a city like warsaw and france with poland . 
  maybe it 's safer but there are also worst places than paris and safer place than warsaw so what do we have to conclude ? 
  there is no mass immigration in france . 
  stop spreading misinformation . 
  and are you really comparing turkey to france ? 
  terrorist attacks are a problem but le pen wo n't fix shit neither . 
  a lot of terrorists were french so closing the borders blabla will not fix shit . 
  the problem is much more complicated than that . 
  do you feel more safe in london . 
  new york , madrid etc ? 
  an attack can happen everywhere so stop living with fear when you have more chance to be killed in your car . 
  le pen president would be a victory for isis , because they 're trying to destabilize our society . 
  you do n't understand that the biggest problem of france is not the terrorism atm . 
  le pen has a shit economic program . 
  it 's impossible . 
  we will just need more time to know who is the 2nd, 
  5min left for official results on french tv !, 
  @lalibrebe , #macron 24 % , #lepen and #fillon 21 % , #melenchon 19 % ( first official results ), 
  must be true then, 
  it 's not possible dude, 
  i can confirm that !, 
  it 's from polling this afternoon ... nothing new . 
  wait better results in few minutes . 
  no actual results . 
  we have this info since 3pm . 
  do n't trust this . 
  depends if you like fillon or not, 
  there will be some leaked results soon ( 1-2 hours ) by belgian/swiss media . 
  first official results in 2-3 hours . 
  yep no police officer at my polling station, 
  you have to understand that people vote for him because of other things and they are not for the majority eurosceptic so even if he call a referendum it wo n't happen . 
  like he said it 's only threats to be credible and push for reforms . 
  i personally do n't vote for him because of other things i do n't like in his program but his views on europe is fine for me . 
  too bad you do n't understand french because they 're good interview around there where he talks about europe . 
  montreal was yesterday you should indicate that in your coverage . 
  france will not leave the eu with m\u00e9lenchon . 
  he just wants to reform the eu . 
  these people do n't know shit about french politics and how it works . 
  why would they be allowed they 're not french . 
  it 's the result of french people living in quebec . 
  it 's only polls and we do n't know how they dit them so not very truthful i would say . 
  they are very similar to the french polls from this week so nothing new . 
  we have to wait the first results . 
  it 's not a surprise from overseas territories and it 's a very small part of france . 
  it will be different in metropolitan france . 
  a lot of pro jlm and le pen on social medias . 
  funny situation when you think about it . 
  thanks foreign media, 
  probably a good source , it 's not the dailymail . 
  a bit useless . 
  i think we had enough polls this week haha . 
  1,5 km yesterday in montr\u00e9al, 
  for the people wondering about france during 1960-2000  for being in a long-term of low birth rates , france experienced the baby boom after 1945 . 
  the sense that the population was too small , especially in regard to the more powerful germany , was a common theme in the early 20th century . 
  put in a list policies were proposed in the 1930s and implemented in the 1940s . 
   in addition , there was a steady immigration , especially from former french colonies in north africa .
