  ira and what 's is happing in irak , afghanistan etc are not really the same thing and ira was localized only in the u.k. . . so why do you make this shitty comparison ? 
  here is a good comparison for you in western europe http://www.datagraver.com/thumbs/1300x1300r/2017-05/ter-we-isl-20170523.png, 
  it wo n't impact this, 
  there is no little effect for them and it 's easier to attack your own country than going to us . 
  a lot of people became radicalised because of isis propaganda . 
  we will see what happen at the end of isis ... 
  not in the french speaking part of switzerland . 
  the same guys that the ones in france or belgium . 
  if you count the countries currently in war of course the number will high ... it 's a shitty comparison sorry . 
  there is presence of military in big city since decades in few eu countries . 
  why people act like it 's new . 
  yeah the number increased but that 's all, 
  london 2005 , madrid 2004 , 1994 and 1995 in france ... not like there was nothing too before isis, 
  belgium is part of the coalition and have troops on the ground there . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/future_offensive_air_system  in 2012 france signed an mou to join the raf 's latest programme for an unmanned future combat air system ( fcas ) , which will build upon the bae systems taranis and dassault neuron demonstrators . 
  there is already a program with france and uk . 
  maybe other countries will join later . 
  they have no papers . 
  so we deport them in your country for example ? 
  people think before writing these type of comment or what ? 
  such a stupid comment if you think a little bit . 
  you ca n't put people in prison for nothing and there is no places left in prison already . 
  and who pay the prison ? 
  and there is no places left in french prisons already so not a solution, 
  you ca n't control all the roads that 's the problem . 
  wtf so nothing happened ? 
  dhl express is part of the deutsche post dhl group but it 's another division different than the german postal service division . 
  dhl express is a wholly owned subsidiary . 
  / u/shit4hope was talking about dhl express so it does n't count . 
  dhl express count as a express private company like ups , fedex or tnt . 
   china which can take weeks to even get a package out of their country because you use the cheap service . 
  ems is pretty good . 
  enjoy colis priv\u00e9 with amazon lmao, 
  having a largest majority than de gaulle make no changes in france or in the world . 
  i 'm trying to understand your comment really . 
  the most important for la republique en marche was to have 289 seats and if possible 289 seats without bayrou and the modem . 
  both are successful so he can kick bayrou if there is a problem . 
  just read my other messages below before commenting next time . 
   another is to have the largest since de gaulle who cares really . 
  350 or 400 seats wo n't change anything for macron , he only needs 289 seats . 
  if people against macron do n't vote then i will note take my car for something useless . 
  i voted macron for the for the presidential but i did n't vote at all for the legislative because it 's a bit useless . 
  there is already an european emergency response , do n't need to buy planes . 
  spain and france have sent planes to portugal . 
  it 's just obvious . 
  we are building our next tank with germany , we are buying few c-130s with them ... stop being na\u00efve , germany is the closest ally of france . 
  read my other comment below . 
  i thought you were talking about all french special forces , not just the gign . 
  i was unaware of that . 
  thanks !, 
  they 're are not replacing the hk416 . 
  they just use a lot of different stuff like all special forces units . 
   but special forces prefered the cz over hk . 
  source ? 
  sorry but the change has not begun today . 
  some units received the hk416f weeks/months ago . 
  the program with other countries are just here to drop the price mostly . 
   they have a ucav program with the uk . 
  uk is not part of this program . 
  sorry but you 're wrong . 
  other rifles were tested and were great too but the h4k16 being german surely added a very good point since we 're working more and more with germany for the military stuff . 
   this is a grunt in the army , do n't generalize , they are not the smartest bunch . 
  and the french army is overstreched , so they recruit anyone who is in shape , the screening is really thin ... bullshit . 
  it was a member of the special forces , they do n't recruit `` anyone who is in shape '' . 
  there are only 3000 soldiers in the special forces . 
   they are not the smartest bunch there are a lot of smart guys in the army and usually to be accepted in the special forces you need very good intellectual qualities . 
  i do n't like at all your comment . 
  this is not because one fucked up you have to say that . 
  in france we have 4 main providers and they like fighting between them . 
  in france the price are crazy low with all the offers we get . 
  i pay 9,99 $ for 40gb with the best provider ( orange ) . 
  but you can get 20gb for 1 $ 99 . 
  and every offers have unlimited calls and sms . 
   lowest biggest, 
  and nantes - bordeaux in 4h30 yeaa, 
  you will send them to other countries ? 
  you think those countries will accept foreign radicalised people ? 
  lol so let 's change the law in france so we can send all our radicalised people to uk , right ? 
  you just look at the protests last year against the labor reform , i 'm 100 % right . 
  nah you do n't get it . 
  students in summer do n't give a fuck same for other people because they 're on holiday . 
  but protesting during school time ? 
  no problem of course , you know why ... , 
  yep but it 's better in summer because no students will protest, 
  you ca n't kick your own people, 
  what the fuck, 
  yes india buy more rafale fighters easy money, 
  some of them do n't even have a home . 
  it 's easy for you to say that since you 're born in a good country . 
  imagine if you were one of these people you would want to immigrate too . 
  not the radical one, 
   muslims have not integrated in india and europe either . 
  you know a lot of muslims are well integrated etc so let 's not blame all of them because of a minority, 
  we can but you think it would be normal to let people die ? 
  they 're humans like us, 
  i would say both but keep in mind that a lot of them were just thugs before becoming radicalised . 
  these people are not well integrated to our society ( poor areas , no education , no job ) and are weak so easy target for isis recruiters . 
  they do n't know shit about the quran and the real islam most of the time . 
  and at least in france most of them do n't become radicalised alone but in prison , mosque etc. . . 
  most of the attackers in europe are from 2nd or 3rd generation .
