  there is no reservists in that number . 
  so the comparison with the finnish reservist soldiers is stupid . 
  finland have only 30k active soldiers . 
  ' i think finland can get that many , and they have like 6 million people in total living there '' finland do n't have 200 000 active soldiers but 30 000 according to wikipedia . 
  in comparison france have 220 000 active soldiers and uk 160 000 . 
  fake numbers . 
  you just have a big wall : the english channel schengen area or not you ca n't control all your borders , especially for a country like france . 
  the reverse is more logical, 
  you need 5 % of votes in the 1st round to have you campaign refunded , bayrou is maybe below 5 % atm . 
  `` favourite '' only in the 1st round . 
   the french of vietnamese descent seem to have found a way to live relatively well in france not even comparable because it 's a small amount of people and they do n't live in the poor areas . 
   it 's incumbent upon the new arrivals to find a way to live within the current society they 're not new arrivals if they 're 2nd/3rd generation the banlieues are similar to your black ghettos . 
  poor areas , no jobs , drugs . 
  this do n't favor the integration . 
  when you 're born there you have automatically more chance of not being a nice guy . 
  france made these areas but never fixed them . 
   `` i call on the united kingdom to accept its responsibility for adolescents in france at the moment who have family on the other side of the channel . '', 
  or she will create even more anger in those areas . 
  you wo n't fix the problems only with authoritarian measures . 
  these people need education and jobs . 
  but the 1st generation was ok . 
  the problem is the french society . 
  the radicalised people in the `` banlieue '' are not all from the maghreb . 
  not the biggest . 
  the one with the most votes in the 1st round . 
  it 's different . 
  it 's much more much more complicated than wine i 'm afraid . 
  you 're not wrong but only 13k people on / r/le _ pen / ( and most of them are muricans ) vs 126k on / r/france / . 
  not many french people on reddit supporting her . 
  because le pen will fix this ? 
  she ca n't deport french citizens you know . . 
  france have the most radicalised people in europe so that 's normal . 
   four of the five countries with the highest rates of radicalisation in the world are francophone , including the top two in europe ( france and belgium ) . 
  what she 's doing is perfect for the election but you 're right . 
  this election is very interesting so much drama, 
  we are in 2017 not in 1960 . 
  because russia is gon na nuke or attack them ? 
   not to mention that every year the military budgets are going down defence budget are increasing in uk , france and germany if i 'm not wrong . 
  is this designed by renault too ? 
  lol, 
  french fries, 
  i 'm french and i do n't even know this cartoon :(, 
   they happen , in specific metropolitan areas with a specific problem . 
  what ? 
  riots happen everywhere . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about ... and what specific problem ? 
  what chocolait, 
  not in france . 
   anti-police riots right now is that new in france ? 
  i do n't think so, 
  the replacement of the rafale and eurofighter will be important . 
  i do n't think france will develop a new fighter alone because it will cost a shit ton of money . 
  the [ dassault neuron ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dassault_neuron ) was probbaly the 1st step for a future cooperation between dassault and other countries . 
   the only u.s. equipment in the whole french army is the catobar system on the charles de gaulle aircraft carrier ; and the good old c-130 also the e-2 hawkeye and our pilots are trained in the us . 
  and i probably forgot a lot of other things . 
   ( or the french equivalent . 
  `` le scum '' ) nice try, 
  there are more and more stuff in cooperation between france and germany and this will intensify in the coming years to reduce cost . 
  it was way more expensive this is why they have chosen stovl instead , not because of the problems ( i 'm not sure ), 
  5th is a big word . 
  the rafale is not 5th gen and still one of the best atm . 
  but some countries deal only with the usa that 's why it 's the only option for them . 
  france and germany bought some c-130j because the a400m is like the f-35 ... not ready yet . 
  i hope this porsche honored her https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jp5afy5scsy, 
  maybe 8 deads :(, 
  you do n't have french radicalised people ( four of the five countries with the highest rates of radicalization in the world are francophone , including the top two in europe : france and belgium ) and you 're not a big figure in the coalition against isis . 
  so the probability of an attack is low in sweden even with all the migrants but still possible !, 
   i guess we 'll see how the units in the uk will fare same as the epr in france and finland and then edf/areva are fucked, 
  + + https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flamanville_nuclear_power_plant + https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hinkley_point_c_nuclear_power_station the french are sorry for all the problems : , 
  there are not really a lot of differences but the actual situation actually increased the security in a good way . 
  now in music festivals and other things the security is way better than before . 
  http://www.slate.fr/sites/default/files/styles/1090x500/public/choco.png pas les campagnards stp les campagnards du sud ouest . 
  mais \u00e0 paris on fait encore pire on dit grec au lieu de kebab ... 
   i 'm just trying to trigger the brits nice like us all the time . 
  wait are you french ? 
  where are you from ? 
  i agree with you on this , it also true in my city ( nantes ) you have some dirty streets . 
  it 's a comon problem in the big cities that should should be taken more seriously . 
  but in general the most important part of the big cities are clean . 
  i went to other european countries and i did n't see much difference . 
   combined with the fact that the public transport smelled like actual piss idk about paris but in nantes i have not this problem . 
  the problem is you just visited paris and the tourist places . 
  i suggest you to visit other cities and other parts of france . 
  paris is just a small part of france . 
   obtaining 6-7 aks and a lot of ammunition in the uk is substantially more difficult for wannabe terrorists . 
  lol no . 
  do you know how they buy some guns ? 
  i watched a documentary last week a guy from belgium was selling them online and was using the classic postal service to ship them to france and to europe lol . . so schengen or not it 's the same . 
  they also use classic freight transport from the balkan and just add like 5 guns in the merchandise , impossible to detect without extensive control . 
  the main target atm are the members of the coalition . 
  spain or italy are less important than france or the uk in the coaliton so this guy is not completely wrong . 
  do n't forget merah in 2012 , he was the first . 
  what reasons ? 
  i 'm curious, 
  the 1st generation is integrated , the new one is just fucked because they live in poor areas and no jobs . 
   some personal attacks . 
  what personal attacks ? 
  _ more suicide with guns , more murders because it 's easier to kill someone with a gun than with a knife , a lot of accidental gun deaths and then the problem with the mass shootings and the terrorist attacks . 
  all of that for the freedom of protection ? 
  great .
