  the french governement refund you 50 % of your campaign expenditure if during the election you got more than 5 % , so the fn will have the money to pay back the bank . 
  in 2014 a russian bank loaned 9 millions $ to them , but the the bank is now bankrupt , so they have to find a new one . 
  the french governement refund you 50 % of your campaign expenditure if during the election you got more than 5 % , so the fn will have the money to pay back the bank . 
  the french governement refund you 50 % of your campaign expenditure if during the election you got more than 5 % , so the fn will have the money to pay back the bank . 
  melenchon and macron have zero chance for 2017 , same for the socialist candidate . 
  ( maybe valls ), 
  cavour = 8x harrier and 12x aw101 helicopter according to wikipedia . 
  not really powerfull . 
  the russians on the kuznetsov have more and better fighter jets . 
  in comparison the french charles de gaulle have 24 rafale on board . 
  maybe , maybe not , you ca n't know this . 
  no it 's not better , it 's just cheaper ... you abandonned the catobar system for your queen elizabeth class carrier because of the costs . 
   italy has two operational aircraft they 're both small and one is very old . 
  2 is good but when you look closer it 's not that good . 
  it 's not old . 
  france just retired the `` super-\u00c9tendard modernis\u00e9 '' after 42 years of service . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dassault-breguet_super_%c3%89tendard btw if you like fighter jet video , there is beautiful video about the retirement of the jet by the french navy . 
  50 % is impossible for le pen right now . 
  she will probbaly win the 1st round and then lose the 2nd round . 
   if anyone can motivate the current eu leadership to correct course after brexit it would be a le pen election . 
  if france left the eu , the eu is dead ... 
  but it wo n't happen do n't worry , we are not the uk . 
   the germans are not likely to have a very strong military with projection capacities anytime soon . 
  germany is actually spending more in the military in the next years and the military deals between france and germany continue to increase ( hk416 , air base and transport planes share etc ) and fillon want a strong german army to help france to defend the eu . 
  this one is one of the most famous in france https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_bir_hakeim, 
  french manufacturers had a bad time around 2000s but since 5 years its fine and even good . 
  the clio , megane , 308 are not less better than the german equivalent . 
  the megane rs is a fantastic car on track , the 308 named eu car of the year in 2014 and the 3008 last year . 
  i feel like people like you are still stuck in 2000 , you need a update  btw everyone lie about the emissions not just vw . 
  if i had unlimited money i would probably buy german because i do n't dream with french cars . 
  a lot of stereotypes in your comment . 
  german cars are not more reliable and france have one of the best productivity in the world , better than germany if i 'm not wrong . 
  french manufacturers make cheap cars because they do n't want to sell premium cars . 
  people make bad comparison . 
  they compare a 15k $ renault with a 60k $ bmw so of course it 's not the same quality . 
  french manufacturers could make premiums cars but they will earn less money than with cheap cars . 
  but maybe this will change . 
  renault created a new alpine a110 and ds will sell more premium cars than peugeot or citroen . 
  renault has been successful in f1 , peugeot in lmp1 and citroen in wrc so they have the technical capability . 
  we will see . 
  the f-35 got new problems very often ... i want to know if the f-35c can land on the french cdg like the f-18 but i 'll have to wait for that . 
  better in video :  https://youtu.be/ym1vehorwfm, 
  the rafale will be outdated in 15-20years so we have to start a new program now or in 20 years we will buy american planes . 
  renown of the eurofighter ? 
  dassault aviation will probably lead this project and if the uk is not in this project we will definitely not leave . 
  well the french president is also the commander-in-chief of the french armed forces so the president not going to the military parade is not even imaginable . 
  the military parade is the most important thing on july 14th . 
  the ceremony in nice is later in the day so it 's all good with a plane trip . 
  i just hope you 're joking with this comment ... 
  this was true decades ago , not now i think . 
  france propably target the belgians too i think . 
  remember the attacks in paris , a lot of belgians . 
  there are a lot of links with france because they speak french . 
  a stovl fighter better than any non stealth fighter ... no sorry . 
  stealth capabilities is big word you know , the fighter still detectable ... 5th gen or not , the f-35b being stovl is a problem . 
  less good than a rafale m in many areas . 
  the real deal should be the f-35c but the fighter still in development and not compatible with the qe . 
  well the f-35b is stovl so we are sure that 's not a good point vs a fighter lunched by catapult . 
  maybe i 'm biased but the charles de gaulle is catobar so we can lunch the rafale m from it . 
  it 's probably the best fighter on a carrier in 2017 so i would n't take the qe over the cdg because the f-35b is not as good as the rafale m. 
  a bit useless even for windows ... 
  wtf is this reply ? 
  what 's the link with my comment ? 
  no you . 
  most of the terrorists in europe are not new immigrants coming from italy , you still do n't understand that ? 
  belgium have a french speaking part . 
  you have ac in california , it 's rare in europe . 
  so when your bus/company/house / flat/school etc do n't have any ac good luck with the heatwave . 
  if you 're not aware : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_european_heat_wave 70k deaths in europe , 15k in france . 
  la [ tour bretagne ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tour_bretagne ) people triggered, 
  nantes is not in brittany and the summer still hot there . 
  when the bus is full of people i can tell you it 's a bit useless, 
  i did n't know nantes was in brittany, 
  and have you read the previous sentence ? 
  you can still walk or take your car to cross the border legally since there is no control . 
  you will just have trouble if you 're controlled in the country but nothing forbid you to cross the border when you 're coming from france and without a id or passport , it 's not illegal . 
  http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/travel/entry-exit/eu-citizen/index_en.htm it 's highly recommended to have one to avoid any problem but you can still travel without one in germany . 
  if you have to confirm your identity to the police it would be a problem of course but they 'll not make a big deal of it , same in france . 
  germany is border-free so i can go there without one . 
   if you are an eu national , you do not need to show your national id card or passport when you are travelling from one border-free schengen eu country to another . 
  not needed but you have to show a id or passport for a lot of things so it 's kinda necessary anyway in all eu countries . 
  in france you can show a french driving licence if you do n't have a id or passport . 
  no you can travel in shengen without a passport or id . 
  denmark do n't have a id and in france for example the id is not mandatory . 
  it 's not a passport . 
  it 's an id, 
  the french id is only ... in french so it 's weird haha . 
  i would understand the translation decades ago but now not really . 
  why translated in french, 
  isis did n't start in europe as far i know but few recruiters in europe and the propaganda did this . 
  when a 15yo girl not muslim and a former catholic have become radicalised you ca n't just blame the immigration , it 's far more . 
  it will be lowered . 
  all the current attacks are pushed by isis on social medias . 
  but it will continue if a new isis appears in the future . 
   four of the five countries with the highest rates of radicalisation in the world are francophone , including the top two in europe ( france and belgium . 
  this explain why france and belgium have a lot attacks and more than the us, 
  a lot of terrorist are 30-40yo in france . 
  10 years ago they were in france and not radicalised and probably not very religious so i do n't know if islam is really the main problem . 
  there are a lot of things than we can make better before blaming islam . 
  let 's count the deaths of the attacks during the kosovo war then ... how stupid is it ?
