  1 month is fine . 
  the military service is a good thing for the society . 
  hum ... some french businessman are doing well in africa . 
  there are some opportunities . 
  africa 's fastest growing economy is ivory coast  the country 's phenomenal growth rate of 8.5 percent greatly contrasts with the rest of sub-saharan africa which has only seen three percent growth . 
  and guess what ? 
  they speak french . 
  we start learning english way earlier than the 2nd . 
  for example nantes-angers this evening is [ 12-16 $ ] ( http://i.imgur.com/av2klg7.jpg ) in ter for 91km . 
  the price is around 10-30 $ for this kind of trip . 
  you 're example with the scnf is not really good . 
  here it 's a tgv so not a cheap price and if you book a bit late the train is well filled and the price will be expensive especially since it 's paris - lille . 
  if you book for the same trip next week it 's [ 41 $ ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rvwxin6.jpg ) with the tgv it 's 1h07 for 207km . 
  52min for 91km with ns . 
  not comparable . 
  you have to compare a trip with a ter not a tgv . 
  you 'll need a vpn or a french ip to watch the debate on tf1 website . 
  no never . 
  you ca n't deport french citizens . 
  seems easy only for you . 
  fixing the french banlieue is like fixing the black ghettos in the us . 
  good luck with that . 
  when someone has a migration background from an eu country he is french but when he is from the maghreb he is not french . 
  like the [ banlieu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banlieue ) in france . 
  stop using this excuse . 
  like only america have social problems and gangs ? 
  lol  also knifes can be far more deadly in close quarters than a pistol and are used quite often , because they are easily available . 
  when you want to murder someone , you bring a gun . 
  it 's easy . 
  with a knife it 's much more complicated than pulling the trigger on a gun ... no bullshit please . 
  car and truck are rare and when you want to kill a specific guy you do n't do it with your car . 
  why the murder rate in the us is so much higher than europe if the guns are not the problem ? 
   the review of 2010 world health organization data also revealed that despite having a similar rate of nonlethal crimes as those countries , the united states has a much higher rate of deadly violence , mostly due to the higher rate of gun-related murders . 
   the researchers also found that compared to people in the other high-income nations , americans are seven times more likely to die from violence and six times more likely to be accidentally killed with a gun . 
   guns dont automatically mean more crime , just as more guns dont mean less crime . 
  you 're right but it 's easier to kill someone with a gun than with a knife or something else . 
  you know some christian guys have switched to radical islam in france and the guy today was drunk apparently whereas muslim do n't drink alcohol ... the problem is not really the religion but weak people ... 
  something like the fiche s https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiche_%22s%22 but for people considered less dangerous i guess . 
  he is joking, 
  most of the recent attacks are not related to open borders or refugees . 
  just french people being radicalised ... 
  because we have the most radicalised people in europe . 
  he did n't grab the gun but tried . 
  he did n't grab the gun , he tried . 
  so you arrest all radicalised people or deport them ? 
  no you ca n't . 
  france have the most radicalised people in europe this is the reason . 
  a lot of attacks have been aborted by the intelligence agency and the police , you just simply ca n't abort all of them especially when it 's a lone wolf . 
  apparently he was not `` fich\u00e9 s '' but instead `` fich\u00e9 j '' , but he was probably radicalised, 
  and some people keep saying that difficult access to guns are useless . 
  i do n't want to imagine what would have hapenned if this guy had a rifle or 9mm pistol ... 
  he did n't take the gun . 
  are you joking ? 
  lol, 
  internet , the balkans and even belgium . 
  internet , balkans or even belgium . 
  thanks, 
  2024 olympics to boost the project !, 
  even lille in the north, 
   the west is dynamic but not necessarily innovative http://www.lafrenchtech.com/carte http://www.nantestech.com/en/ well it 's weird, 
  very doubtful about the map of france . 
  some in blue are dead regions and other in orange are very active regions ... like the west of france in orange ?? 
  french people in majority do n't want to leave the eu . 
  you know why le pen is `` only '' at 25 % ? 
  because she wants to leave nato , the eu and bring back our national money . 
  without these measures she will have a lot more chance to win the election . 
  it was not in paris . 
  the risk was very low for them . 
  safer than selling drugs or any shit like that, 
  let 's be honest 1.8 or 2.1 is not far away . 
  with only 1.8 france still the most active country in the coalition against isis after the us . 
  btw the expenditure of germany and france are actually growing . 
  all countries have different interests like france going to mali , we have different industries etc. . . it will not work . 
  what 's the problem today ? 
  ds is no more part of citroen , they 're without them now . 
  the ds7 crossback is the first premium car of the new line of ds , 4-5 models are coming in the next years . 
  ds is the premium brand of psa now . 
  atm the sales are not great in france too . 
  well we will see . 
  a ds7 hybrid 300ch model is annouced for 2019 , it should be interesting . 
   the agreement comes after months of negotiations between the two carmakers that have occasionally stumbled over the issue of opel 's pension deficit and the ability of psa to use gm 's electric car technology . 
  and do n't forget ds , they compete now in the premium market against audi , bmw etc with the ds 7 crossback and more premium models are coming in the next years . 
  they have now the tech of the opel ampera-e , psa group do n't have a great electric car yet . 
  and they need more sales of cars to compete against renault-nissan group, 
  my friend what is the best place to visit in your country if i like the beach and some nice monuments/museums ? 
  what about the weather in april-may ? 
  thanks :d, 
   good if you like camping or festivals too . 
  powerbank powerbank powerbank, 
   how do you imagine to accomplish it now military budgets are way lower now than 30-40 years ago , so now you have to build things together . 
  france will not made a new fighter jet alone . 
  almost impossible now because of the costs . 
  we 're coming germnay . 
  i fully understand his comment . 
  but germany is able to have like millions of soldiers if they were in war so what 's the point of his comment . 
  he compares 2 different things . 
  what ? 
  i was referring to this comment . 
   `` 200.000 is still small to be honest ... . i think finland can get that many , and they have like 6 million people in total living there '' reservists are not active/professional soldiers . 
  germany will expant is army to 200 000 professional troops .
