  just see all the recents terrorist attacks in france involving a knife , not enough ? 
  you want easy access to guns , you sure ? 
  lol always the same bullshit excuse . 
  `` they ca n't defend themselves '' where are the people with guns in the us during mass shooting or terrorist attacks ? 
  if one guy come with a ar-15 in a night club like the orlando attack nobody can grab his gun and kill the terrorist ( because they do n't carry their gun ) but on the other side a terrorist can acquire easily a fucking ar-15 rifle . 
  since when hard law on guns means no more guns ? 
  dcns not happy, 
  in france the commando marine are special forces , only 650 members . 
  so 99 % sure it was not a commando here but a soldier from the regular army . 
  ask your friend because i 'm done with you . 
  i was first reffering to your post mentioning it was a commando but a fusilier marin is not a commando forfusco = 2300 members commandos marines = 650 members so all the members in forfusco are not commando . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fusiliers_marins i do n't understand what you trying to say because there is nothing difficult here . 
  you need to read again , they support them but are not commandos . 
  this is not difficult to understand ... 
  it 's not the same . 
   the fusiliers marins and commandos marine units are under command of the force maritime des fusiliers marins et commandos ( forfusco ) in lorient nothing here is hard to understand . 
  it 's not the same unit but they 're both part of the `` forfusco '' https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/commando_marine and i 'm almost sure the commandos do n't participate in the operation sentinelle . 
  the fusilliers marins are not commandos . 
  source of this ? 
  the commando marine are part of the special forces ( cos ; `` special operations command '' ) so i 'm a bit skeptical about your comment . 
  not the first time a guy attack the police or a soldier with only a knife and some still say that the hard law on guns are useless ... yeah sure . 
  last year or in 2015 a guy was shot dead for the same reason by the police in france . 
  a commando doing a sentinelle misision ? 
  i doubt it . 
   polls are not perfect in france they 're ok and with the actual voting system ( 2 rounds and popular vote ) no chance for her . 
  if you care about climate change you do n't close the nuclear plants by 2035 ... 
  the f-35b is less good than the f-35c or f-35a and still have a lot of problems . 
  you will be stuck with the f35b while we have the rafale on our carrier . 
  the french carrier can carry longer missions with fully loaded aircraft unlike stovl ... so no it 's not equal but it 's cheaper . 
  catobar is a better system it 's a fact not my opinion . 
   it was also announced that the operational carrier would have catapult and arrestor gear ( catobar ) installed to accommodate the carrier variant of the joint strike fighter rather than the short-take off and vertical-landing version . 
   the decision to convert prince of wales to catobar was reviewed after the projected costs rose to around double the original estimate . 
  on 10 may 2012 , the defence secretary , philip hammond , announced in parliament that the government had decided to revert to its predecessor 's plans to purchase the f-35b rather than the f-35c , and to complete both aircraft carriers with ski-jumps in the stovl configuration . 
   two supercarriers ___ one carrier bigger but your carriers will use the stovl configuration ... catobar configuration is better ( used on the french charles de gaulle carrier ) . 
  so even if your carrier is bigger , the french one will be better but having two of them is better than one i agree because when our carrier is in maintenance we do n't have another ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo3ixntlkug a good english documentary on the operation serval in mali , 
   they 're all comparatively rich countries with high gdp per capita it does not mean they have a good healthcare system ... ( the us is a great example for that . ), 
   whereas no bias in favour of any health system was alleged , the index was criticised in the british medical journal by martin mckee and others from the european observatory on health systems and policies in february 2016 . 
  points they made included : - the index is constructed by scoring performance as good , intermediary or not-so-good , based on arbitrary cut-off points . 
  - there is no logic in how many points are allocated to each indicator . 
  225 points are allocated to accessibility , but only 250 to health outcomes . 
  - the indicators are a mix of trends over time and cross-sectional rankings . 
  it can make a lot of difference i agree but our economy or our health care system did n't fall down since then , it 's pretty stable . 
  and i read a lot of positive things from foreigners on it . 
  i would rather trust the the world health organization even if the report is a bit old now and need an update . 
  i just found this : http://blogs.bmj.com/bmj/2016/02/09/what-if-anything-does-the-eurohealth-consumer-index-actually-tell-us/ well ok i have my answer now !, 
  i 'm french , but it 's me of france is low compared to some countries ? 
  is this really a reliable report ? 
  not even in the top 10 ... in europe in 2000 the world health organization found that france provided the `` close to best overall health care '' in the world . 
  i do n't think in 16 years we went down so low . 
   health consumer powerhouse is a swedish health policy think tank which specialises in comparing healthcare systems throughout europe . 
  it produces the euro health consumer index and other indexes comparing healthcare . 
  it was created in 2004 by johan hjertqvist , a swedish entrepreneur , author and former local politician . 
  it has offices in stockholm , sweden . 
  [ 1 ] dr arne a bj\u00f6rnberg is the president of the company . 
  he was formerly chief executive of the swedish national pharmacy corporation . 
   whereas no bias in favour of any health system was alleged , the index was criticised in the british medical journal by martin mckee and others from the european observatory on health systems and policies in february 2016 . http://blogs.bmj.com/bmj/2016/02/09/what-if-anything-does-the-eurohealth-consumer-index-actually-tell-us/ humm ... 
  it was in a velodrome so it 's more easy , 
   comes from the fine particles emitted by diesel engines in cities . 
  not totally true . 
  vehicles are responsible for a small portion . 
  wood-heating pollue as much as cars for example . 
  i would say nuclear is a solution for a long term ... and the only one with renewable energies . 
  we 're building new nuclear reactors at the moment , these should be way more safer but it 's not cheap ... the problem is the not about the safety etc. . but the cost . 
  ( maintenance , price of the new reactors ), 
  wow champagne !, 
  hahaha it was great, 
  hahaha, 
  all us mass shooting in school or the orlando nightclub shooting ? 
  guns do n't keep you more safe ... i 'm french and i can give you dozens of examples of terrorists/criminals who have difficulty obtaining guns and then got arrested or failed to kill someone because of that . 
  easy access to guns would be a huge problem atm in france because of the terror risks . 
  a large part of the murders in europe are from gangs too ... and if do n't go to the shitty parts of the city you 're fine like in the us . 
  but unlike the us , the mass shooting in school etc. . . are very very rare in europe . 
  only the terrorist attacks and the risk on an terror attack are quite similar atm in the us and in the western europe . 
  read some stats on marseille ( france 's crime capital ) , most of the murders are from drug dealers like in the us . 
   how so lol france ( 67 ) + belgium ( 4 ) + switzerland ( 2 ) + canada ( 8 ) = 81m + https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african_french, 
  it 's your opinion , maybe not the truth . 
  the ranking is not only based on economy or number of people who speak the language and this why french still ahead of spanish . 
   - french is both a working language and an official language of the united nations , the european union , unesco , nato , the international olympic committee , the international red cross and international courts . 
  french is the language of the three cities where the eu institutions are headquartered : strasbourg , brussels and luxembourg . 
   - more than 220 million people speak french on all the five continents . 
  french is a major language of international communication . 
  it is the second most widely learned language after english and the sixth most widely spoken language in the world . 
  french is also the second most widely taught language after english , and is taught on every continent . 
  the oif , an international organisation of french-speaking countries , is made up of 77 member states and governments . 
  france also operates the biggest international network of cultural institutes , which run french-language course for close on a million learners . 
   - a study conducted by bloomberg in 2011 , which showed french to be the third most useful language for conducting business around the world , after english and mandarin . 
   - france and the french-speaking countries play an active part in the world economy , accounting for some 20 % of world trade in goods . 
   - french is europe 's second most widely spoken mother tongue with over 77 million speakers , after germany ( around 100 million ) but ahead of english ( around 61 million ) . 
  demographers forecast that france 's birth rate will make french the most widely spoken mother tongue in europe , ousting german , by 2025 . 
  french is an official language of 29 countries , second only to english in this category . 
   - the oif estimates that the number of french speakers will rise to over 700 million by 2050, 
  french is way more important in europe ( france/belgium/switzerland vs spain ) and it 's an essential language in africa so it make sense . 
  both languages will be more important in the future due to the development of africa and south america tought . 
  because your comment is funny ? 
  yes it 's what i mean, 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/financement_des_campagnes_pr%c3%a9sidentielles_en_france#2012 d\u00e9penses = expenditure remboursement = refund they ca n't spend some crazy amount during the campaign , there is a limit . 
  in 2012 it was 22\u00a0509\u00a0000 $ . 
  the french governement refund you 50 % of your campaign expenditure if during the election you got more than 5 % , so the fn will have the money to pay back the bank . 
  the problem is just `` they are the fn . '',
