  not a result of the current migrant crisis in europe . 
  you also have some attackers/radicalised people not from immigration so the problem is very complicated . 
  as far i know there is no open door policy in europe , we just ca n't let people die in the ocean ... 
  we do n't have to close the gates . 
  we should just do n't take some of them if we ca n't integrate them to our society and we must fix a lot of problems , like the radicalization in prison . 
  most of the attackers are converts and were not praticing islam before joining radical islam but a lot of them are from a arab/muslim family . 
  if you have the paywall https://imgur.com/1sck1nz, 
  but this middleweight is an ally of the heavyweight ... 
  bombs from the us or france is the same for russia . 
  yep . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/06/trump-syria-missiles-assad-chemical-weapons ?? 
  you missed something last month, 
  not like france and other countries are bombing irak and syria since 3-4 years like that ... 
  so nothing like when usa drops bombs on assad ? 
  in english these words may have a different connotation/signification but i really like the names personally, 
  the [ super \u00c9tendard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dassault-breguet_super_%c3%89tendard ) has been retired from service in 2016 so the cdg carrier now have only rafale m on board and there are no mirage in the navy , only the french air force have them . 
  ( more than 100 mirage-2000 are still in service ) btw a nice video about the retirement of the super etendart by the french navy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svorbbmnzmc, 
  the country is going to be on fire again with the unions protesting . 
  kick out where if they 're born in the uk, 
  same problem in france . 
  this is not because there are 23k ppl on the watchlist that they 're all radicalised/jihadists . 
   about 3,000 people from the total group are judged to pose a threat and are under investigation or active monitoring in 500 operations being run by police and intelligence services . 
  the 20,000 others have featured in previous inquiries and are categorised as posing a `` residual risk '' . 
  for france in 2015 :  in 2015 , the french prime minister manuel valls claimed there were 20,000 people in france tagged with a fiche `` s '' , including 10,500 suspected of being islamic radicals . 
  this is why we should n't focus much on power projection ability since europeans countries or russia are not 3rd world countries ... so if a conflict happen one day it will not be a normal war . 
  and nobody knows who have the best missiles and defensive equipments to stop a missille ... 
  but in a conflict in eastern europe the logistic would be easy for uk or france , it 's not lybia . 
  russian have more capabilities but the budget of their defense is only 60-70 billion . 
  uk+f rance + germany + italy = ~ 175 billon . 
  if you add the rest of europe the diffence is big . 
  i do n't any problem for europe without the us . 
  tell me how the russian army is more experienced then . 
  you overestimate the russian army like a lot of people i think . 
  france and uk need the us , but the russian army is not in better shape . 
  they do n't even have a good aircraft carrier . 
  france alone is superior on this point with the cdg carrier ( well in maintenance atm ) and uk will have 2 brand new carriers soon . 
  so if russia do n't have a base somewhere they do n't have a better power projection than uk or france . 
  with a base it 's different of course . 
  they are used to work on their own , while uk or france instead of buying new equipments are just working in cooperation with other countries when something is lacking . 
  as far i know a lot of countries are increasing their defence budget atm, 
  what 's the source ? 
  i want to know for france if the gendarmes are included or not because we should count them with the police . 
  there is something i do n't understand too black market wtf ? 
  it was popular in france too , 
  lol what is that, 
  new pm of france do n't worry, 
  finland is good in ice hockey ? 
  i know we are not very good and it 's not a popular sport in france, 
  it was m\u00e9lenchon in the 1st round among the 18-25, 
  congrats to macron !, 
  5 years of hard work for him now . 
  a bit disappointing if the french soldiers are missing but before criticizing nolan i will watch the movie because the story seem more based on the evacuation than the fights in dunkirk involving the french . 
  ( but the french also participated in the evacuation so we 'll see ) for the people who do n't know much about the french during the battle of dunkirk , here is a good video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6c5p-aygdy&amp;t=18s, 
  sure but this wo n't affect the election at all . 
  if in this leak there is something wrong about macron like the penelopegate for fillon , the media ca n't report it . 
  the timing is very bad, 
  the french media ca n't report the leak until the end of the election , i am right ? 
  a bit late by the hackers . 
  i heard on t_d that these polls are not accurate . 
  i hope they 're paid for this shit, 
  they 're just helping macron lol . 
  mlp cited this fake leak during the debate and yesterday on tf1 ( biggest french tv chanel ) they just said it was a complete bullshit . 
  how to lose even more credibility , thanks 4chan and t_d . 
  this sub is something else . 
  if these people are real americans and not bots then i feel pity for them . 
  do n't you have another story ? 
  it 's always the same one , boring . 
  we have a lot of young people smoking , not the same in the us the percentage of smoker has fallen considerably . 
  i think the young smoke less than people smoking since 20 years so this may be the reason of this statistic . 
  but this is not how it works dude . 
  you have to check the % of people smoking in france and then in the us . 
  it 's way more important in france so no we do n't smoke less but yes there are more are cigarette sold in the us only because i think it 's a bigger country than france . 
  smoking is healthy , 
  and what about paris ? 
  it 's not all about having a job or not . 
  of course you need money but i do n't think it 's related to the unemployment . 
  not really with france for example , unemployment is very high among young people . 
  simply different in some countries because of the culture or/and the financial help you get . 
  please, 
   their country has undergone islamization for long enough majority muslims in france by 2050 you must vote le pen, 
  now in nantes it 's not only molotov but also fireworks , they 're using them like missiles . 
  yes we are . 
  the state of emergency is not really a big deal . 
  just more powers for the police etc https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/states_of_emergency_in_france#statute_provisions_.e2.80.93_.c3.89tat_d.27urgence, 
  sorry you ca n't compete with us, 
   the navy is building a new aircraft carrier `` trieste '' nice but for stovl jets again so you ca n't buy the rafale :( you 'll have 2 carriers with f35-b like the uk . 
  nobody said the contrary but in the military you do n't change your fighter jets just because there is a new better model on the market , it 's not a smartphone . 
  the lifetime of the italian eurofighters is not over so there are other reasons behind it . 
  it make sense for your carrier ( only your most recent carrier will be able to lunch the f35b ) because you ca n't lunch the eurofigther from it so the f-35b will replace the old harrier . 
  but you also bought the f-35a to replace the eurofighter . 
   italy has also built a factory for the assembly and maintenance of the f-35s , best case scenario this could lead to the employment of ~ 10000 people somehow involved with the industrial process . 
  so maybe in long term the deal is somewhat better than keeping the eurofigthers, 
  so they bought the f-35 but they already had the eurofighter hum ok i 'll need some explanation for that , surely they had a reason . 
  the design and program are 30 years old like the eurofighter or rafale . 
  starting a new program for a 5th generation fighter would be another story for sweden or france . 
  most likely the next fighter jet in europe will be a cooperation between several countries like for the [ dassault neuron ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dassault_neuron ) to reduce costs, 
   refurbished eurofighters from italy why italy is selling their eurofighters ? 
  they could update it , no ? 
  it was more a dick move by le pen . 
  she came by surprise when macron was holding talks at the local chamber of commerce and she said to the workers `` i will save your jobs '' .
