  we ar n't your parents , we ar n't your babysitters , you ar n't our responsibility . 
  we can complain about you all we want , you are our treaty partners not our infants . 
  he is pro-eu , he also leads the most eurosceptic of the main parties . 
  if the eu give him nothing to work with he ca n't carry his party onto the pro eu side , he wants to support that side , the ball is in the eu 's court . 
  incase you are actually as dense as you appear . 
  david cameron is pro-eu . 
  that he is saying britain could leave is very different from farage saying britain could leave . 
   but if that were so , they would n't keep overfilling the lords . 
  or maybe it 's because labour and the lib dems are heavily over represented in the lords . 
  wales would atleast be split between the north and the south , comeon . 
  you 'd probably need a split between cardiff and swansea aswell . 
  well in the next decade or so we may well be seeing proper effective anti ballistic missile tech so the distance could actually become a concern . 
   for one , it would show a clear message that we are not a second-class members of nato . 
  i mean , you are 2nd-class members of nato , or even 3rd-class if you think of us as 2nd-class . 
  you can split nato into roughly 5 groups i think . 
  where only the first two groups have the ability to reliably project power and the us an order of magnitude above that of group 2 . 
  us    uk , france   germany , canada , italy  turkey , spain , poland , netherlands  the rest . 
  maybe i am misunderstanding what you mean by class ? 
  there was a pretty popular thread a few weeks ago full of bitching about us treating the irish different from the rest of you sobs . 
  rebellion . 
  if you do n't want to then you should stop bitching about it . 
  it 's really not . 
  still , there are good roman sites in the uk but nothing i think compared to rome . 
  standard tip in the uk is 10 % , if there was a problem with your service and you were n't happy with how it was handled then drop the tip . 
  if the service was particularly good give a little extra . 
  pls no, 
   how would you say it worked ? 
  is have been pushed back and contained in iraq . 
   we are literally just killing innocent people no , we literally are not just killing innocent people . 
  though innocent people will die as collateral . 
  lets go ahead and make the easy comparison , in ww2 civilians died when we took down the nazi 's , yet you do not question the need to take them down . 
  i 'm happy for us to work against genocidal maniacs wherever we find them . 
   plus the danger it puts our own country in increases tenfold . 
  we 've been bombing is in iraq for months now . 
  adding that to syria does not particularly make them hate us more . 
  not that this argument holds any weight what so ever anyway . 
  if someone punches you in the face and you do nothing the chances that they will punch you again are much higher than if you fight back . 
  it worked in iraq , why not syria . 
  confirmation bias . 
  of course those who protest it stand out more . 
  they are the only ones who feel the need to speak on social media or protest . 
   the majority of uk citizens do not approve of parliaments decision . 
  the majority of uk citizens support bombing isis in syria . 
   in short the uk needs to become a federation * throws up *, 
   the only reason gun control is considered a good thing is if enacting it can lower homicide rates as a whole . 
  incorrect . 
   unless somehow gun murders are worse than knife murders bingo . 
  a person with a gun can do a lot more than a person with a knife . 
   switzerland is pretty much twice as safe as the uk , despite all these guns everywhere . 
  as i already told the switzerland guy , switzerland is a good model for allowing guns . 
  what you need , is to be stinking rich , only have 8 million of you and have conscription to put some good ol morale fibre in your young men . 
   how likely people are to get murdered , which is the aim of gun control . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the aim of gun control is to restrict the access of murderers from effective murdering weapons . 
   you realize that making a point about their smaller population small rich countries generally have lower crime rates than countries that have poor people . 
   and did i miss something , where conscription is statistically likely to lower a countries homicide rate ? 
  mandatory gun training is relevant to the gun control discussion yes . 
   it is much easier to make a functioning shotgun than it would be to cook meth it 's easy enough to make a 1 shot , pipe shotgun sure . 
  but then you might aswell just use a knife because you ar n't going to get anything except a bigger prison sentence using one of those . 
  meth can be made in your garage , an effective gun can not ( unless you have a well wicked garage ) . 
  also shotguns are legal in the uk . 
  you would be better off buying one then trying to make one . 
  1 ) why are you commenting on a 3 day old thread . 
  sub to new subs you can find arguments that are someone recent then . 
  good luck . 
  2 ) if we look at homicides relating to gun violence ( you know we are talking about guns here right ? ), 
  the uk actually has less per capita than switzerland . 
  ** switzerland has 4.6 times as many gun related homicides . 
  if we look gun related deaths , switzerland has 11.2 times more !, 
  **  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate but nice try , commendable really . 
  3 ) homicides has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed , though i thank you for bringing up another point that supports my point of view . 
  4 ) there are only 8 million people in switzerland and they have conscription aswell and yet they have more gun related deaths and more gun related homicides per capita than the uk . 
  yes . 
  english is spoken all over the world . 
  german is not . 
  if many germans can speak some english , but no syrian . 
  and this syrian can speak some english , but no german . 
  then the natural language to converse in is english . 
   while someone born in gibraltar who has never visited the uk can vote yes , gibraltar is a british territory . .  over one million britons live in spain alone . 
  they have bought houses , their children go to school , and they look forward to friends and family visiting . 
   their lives could be completely turned around if we vote to leave . 
  no , they could n't . 
  people who are already living in other nations wo n't be forced to leave them . 
   let 's just hope , we wo n't get sold by the west once again i think we should sell you to russia , all you do is complain that we did n't commit suicide via soviet tanks . 
  innocent until proven guilty . 
  proving intent is awful hard if you have smart terrorists . 
  if you suspect someone is a terrorist but you ca n't prove it you ca n't arrest them indefinitely . 
  if they have a bunch of guns and that is illegal you can atleast arrest them for that . 
   do you really think criminals give a fuck when they violate an additional law over 50 others ? 
  career criminals do n't . 
  petty criminals do , if the difference between robbing a shop and robbing a shop with a gun are huge then it encourages people not to rob shops with a gun . 
   when properly maintained a gun lasts pretty long . 
  it would be a long time project . 
   but that does n't make it entirely impossible . 
  of course , and the level at which you can control it determines how effective your gun control laws will be . 
  which is why i 'd be looking to border security etc before looking to gun control laws . 
  still , banning something atleast gives the police just cause to arrest a terrorist if they find them with a bunch of guns . 
   do criminals hand in their ( illegally obtained ) guns once new legislation is in place ? 
  i doubt it . 
  sharp penalties on using guns make it not worth most criminals while to use a gun .
