  if we didnt use a first past the post system they would have many mp 's . 
  ukip are also our majority party in the european parliament . 
  ukip are a big deal in uk politics , i 'd judge for yourself on what they are like instead of listening to people on reddit or the opposition newspaper . 
   i 'd say this was a massive blow to farage but ukip 's ideology was never based on evidence in the first place . 
  i 'd say you probably ar n't aware that a lot of those jobs are 0 hour contracts that do n't pay enough to keep you eating for a week and that foodbank usage has increase exponentially while the tory 's have been in power . 
  muh facts, 
  the us should just give up nyc to the uk , we have a better claim on it than argentina do on the falklands . 
  represent, 
  thatcher was very harsh , i know what you mean but she only got elected because of how lax the previous government had become . 
  lol . 
  our rebate is repayment for all the extra money we have to spend for food because of the ridiculous cap , the cap is the most epic example of special treatment . 
  it is morally bankrupt . 
  tony blair gave up 20 % of the rebate for a promise of cap reform which has not materialized . 
  the eu is the most hypocritical bureaucratic nightmare to exist on the planet . 
  the border into france is at the start of the tunnel in dover . 
  the border to the uk is at the start of the tunnel in calais . 
  as per treaty . 
  yah , your point is pretty dumb . 
  if you could just speak plainly instead of whatever the fuck your doing now . 
   1 ) you have the same gdp therefore the 1st world standard falls flat on your self-assurance france is a 1st world nation so i expect them to be able to police themselves . 
  if i did not consider them our equals i would not expect such of them . 
   2 ) they 're doing this as a favor and one day they will not . 
  how naive you are . 
  we get our dental work done in france because the french ca n't police calais ? 
  til . 
   1 ) using french soil to enact their migratory policy you mean we are enforcing our borders . 
   2 ) bitching about at how france can not control the situation . 
  i suppose holding france to the same standard as we hold 1st world nations is not really fair on them . 
    organize a marathon week-end in the chunnel aha , i 'm sure french politicians are absolutely dieing to have thousands of deaths on their hands . 
   what can be done ? 
  under international law we can simply deport them back to france . 
  the french could have fixed the problem ages ago , they did n't and the problem has grown . 
  it 's not our responsibility to run the french police . 
  maybe expecting france to act like a 1st world nation is just a little much . 
  so we 'll blame the english , the english will blame the scots and wales will prosper !, 
  he only said he 'd replace obamacare , nothing about the nhs !, 
  were not even a state yet and we 're already being left out !, 
  the nhs is practically our national religion , i seriously doubt we 'd consider heretics like you , 
   there is a reason they are piling up in there : the border is tightly protected . 
  yes . 
  by the uk . 
   or should france put them in ferries so that they become the brits ' problem ? 
  we 'd turn the ferries around and france would have the same problem , only now they 'd have an enemy in one of their closest allies . 
  yes , however the lack of french policing in calais is what is being suggested here . 
  not the removal of the british border in france . 
  you have to go through uk border control before entering the tunnel . 
  what if we had a competent opposition . 
  lets not talk about fantasy hypotheticals . 
   france would no longer police the british border on the french side , as it currently does to keep illegal migrants out . 
  -  as it currently does to keep illegal migrants out -  as it currently does [ ? 
  ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/88aa2977d422b2723007a91dfeeb0d72af8a740d/123_326_4340_2604/master/4340.jpg?w=620&amp;q=85&amp;auto=format&amp;sharp=10&amp;s=8e1d0bffb4b3891a6c3a471aa1f79acc ), 
  i have no idea how your reply in anyway relates to my comment so i 'm going to repeat my comment but make it more clear what i mean . 
  no influence whilst we are in the eu , no influence whilst out of the eu . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  the eu will have to choose a new scapegoat for why glorious integration project is not progressing . 
   much less they can change then . 
  nothing is nothing if we are in the eu or out . 
  ah yes , germany and france meeting before hand to determine the results is very democratic . 
  being a ` celtic ' nation is more about culture than blood . 
  there are celtic places in england but by the whole england is not celtic . 
  scotland and ireland are the same sort of celtic but wales is closer aligned with other celtic cultures in england and france . 
  in regards to the ` super celtic awesome nation ' suggestion , wales has no interest in independence from the uk , even our nationalist party do n't advocate it . 
  coming from a german . 
   an independent scotland would have been on par with norway . 
  no , it would not . 
  norway has been saving it 's oil revenues for a long time and so is sitting on a lot of oil money . 
  the uk has been selling not saving . 
   so how exactly does this work then ? 
  when westminster divies out the cash , scotland gets more than their fair share . 
  that is how it works . 
   so the way i see it scotland is subsidising the uk . 
  even if you took the position that scotland , a part of the uk , that does not legally have territorial waters , had territorial waters . 
  scotland still would n't be subsidising the uk , because they get more money than everyone else every year . 
  not to mention the bailing out of the bank of scotland . 
  international law does not apply retroactively , so that position is frankly ridiculous anyway . 
  the way you see it is irrelevant , unless you are a uk citizen . 
  at the least your knowledge of the uk should extend past ` braveheart ' . 
  international law does not require norway to take refugees from the safe country of sweden ... 
  have a look at the barnett formula for one . 
   the big oil fields in the uk is in scottish waters ? 
  it 's in uk waters . 
  national resources go to helping all of us . 
  when wales was the centre of coal mining it 's resources were shared with the whole uk , including scotland . 
  oil fields being in an independent scotland waters has no baring on uk national resources . 
  yeah , that part is more in respect to all the pensioners in spain . 
   poland , the poorest eu member . 
   nobody thinks the english are the devil . 
  the problem is that far too many pro independents do seem to think that . 
   we 're not keen on the uk parliament however . 
  it does n't do anyone any favours to conflate the two however , one is supposed to be a national government and the other is 50 something million people living in the uk . 
  yeah , there are legitimate concerns , i am not saying otherwise . 
  the problems with westminster however were answered by the referendum . 
  the only way a nation of 5 million having a view equal to that of a nation of 60 million is if they are separate nations . 
  by choosing to remain , scotland has chosen westminster with devolution . 
  westminster are the chosen government of the scottish people and the scottish people when making that decision had full knowledge that england having a much bigger population will be much better represented . 
  i 'm not sure , it 's entirely possible . 
  though i 'd say our biggest rebellion was the one where we put henry tudor on the throne . 
  it 's a shame he forgot he was welsh as soon as he got it . 
  it 's a very difficult situation because wales and scotland actually make up a very small part of the uk population , with england being far more populous . 
  devolution is the attempt to fix this and there are also legitimate reasons for wanting scottish independence .
