  i regularly interact with the romanian community in scotland , so i think i have a better idea than most of what it 's like . 
  european cultures in general are extremely similar to each other , and i 'm saying this because i 've had my first ever culture shock in asia ( and i 've visited the philippines as well ) , but never in europe . 
  the current crisis is showing just how much we do n't agree on anything . 
  you 'll note i never said that people from the philippines have a closer culture to ours than that of romanian , i said we view them the same either way . 
  though we do have closer cultural ties to many non-european countries than we do to romania . 
   i think i speak english well enough to get by and that was just as true on my first day of being here . 
  english is one of the official languages of the philippines . 
   i encourage you to visit central and eastern europe , so that you can see for yourself , maybe you 'll be surprised . 
  been there , done that . 
   this is too black and white of a vision . 
  anything that is n't an eu army is n't bringing anything we do n't have in nato . 
  the uk and french militaries already work incredibly close together , if anyone else wants to get in on that sure , but i mean they 'd actually need to have something that could contribute . 
   someone from romania is decidedly not as different from a cultural standpoint as someone from the philippines you are basing this on ? 
  i 'd say the only difference is that people from the philippines are more likely to speak good english . 
   and i would be willing to bet that if you saw a romanian walking down the street , more often than not , you would n't be able to tell that they 're not british without talking to them first . 
  this is the same for any person of any race . 
  we did n't conquer 1/3 of the world and end up 100 % white . 
  lol . 
   why ? 
  you said this as if it were obvious . 
  the uk + france make up 50 % of eu military spending . 
  they also make up 100 % of eu power projection capabilities . 
  and 100 % of eu nuclear powers . 
   how many troops a bucketload of under equipped , undertrained troops who ca n't be deployed outside their mother countries . 
   to support what foreign policy well if you arnt supporting french commitments then you ar n't going to have france in it . 
   we have n't seen these questions addressed yet . 
  take what we have now seperatly , then add them up . 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  i agree i think with this :  but i get the impression most people there would n't consider me to be as french as they were because i was n't born there and i had no family history . 
  however to me what would be more important is if people thought that mattered . 
  for example people might not think you are ` french ' , but they may treat you the same anyhow . 
  i 'd expect this to be vastly different across europe and depending on where the person came from , and i guess the same could be said for the us . 
  but yeah , i take your point . 
  if we separate nato into countries who are meeting the obligation and countries who ar n't and the severe the alliance between these two groups . 
  one of these groups would be a russian province . 
  want to guess which group ? 
  ( hint , it 's the one without nuclear weapons ) . 
   much like in many other eu developments , a uk opt-out is always a possibility . 
  no it 's not . 
  no offense but the uk and france working together ( which we already do ) , would be a much more effective military than an eu military ( without the uk ) . 
  also france , like the uk has commitments around the world which a eu military will not meet , so i doubt france is up for it either . 
   the european union is n't europe like the united states of america is n't america . 
  it 's semantics and you know it that is not true at all . 
  russia , the eu 's largest local opposition , is a part of europe . 
  to say that europe means eu is ridiculous . 
   schnegen , the refugee quotas & external border security are actually ... all relevant to my point ... as my point is immigration & european integration . 
  if you would like to explain how all of the above does n't directly relate to both immigration & european integration than i am all ears . 
  lol refugees are not immigrants . 
  schnegen is n't even all the countries inside the eu . 
   we 've also agreed to take in 10,000 syrian refugees congratz , you are doing less than us , when you have more room , more money and you think yourself a ` melting pot ' of all cultures and we ar n't even doing as much as we should . 
   and have provided the most funds out of anybody to syrian refugees globally-speaking speaking . 
  per capita the uk has given substantially more than the us ( per capita . ) . 
  yet another example of why you ca n't group europe as anything . 
  we simply do not have common policy . 
   the mentality of defining who you are or who someone else is based on their heritage is n't as prominent here . 
  this is really funny to read because one of the things which europeans get weirded out by is when americans always bring up their heritage , ` oh i 'm 1/16th irish ' . 
  i think you 've got that one ass backwards to be frank . 
  it has a chart which equates ` people born outside the country ' for american countries . 
  with ` people born outside the eu ' for european countries . 
  other countries in the eu are foreign , someone born in romania is exactly the same to us as someone from the philippines . 
  it 's the usual ameritard abuse of statistics to make them come out as # 1 . 
  the eu is not europe . 
  schengen is not all of the eu . 
  so you are wrong on both counts . 
  refugees are not immigrants , so the refugee quotas and external border security are not relevant to your point . 
  if you want to speak about refugees , i think you will find the us has refused to take any syrian refugees . 
  there is no such thing as europe in this regard . 
   that ca n't work , because it would create a ghetto . 
  not once in the history of mankind was a ghetto proved to be beneficial to anyone . 
  that all depends on implementation , but yes there is the potential for problems . 
   gdp per capita is also very misleading , because it fails to take into account things such as basic infrastructure . 
  you can have two countries with n gdp per capita , but one could realistically be doing a lot better than the other because it has a network of roads and railroads , its hospitals are n't in the running for greatest collection of mold world record , and everyone living in the country 's capital has running water and sewage . 
  i agree , there would need to be many metrics used . 
  for instance in the uk we have very high population density and a housing shortage , but we are also one of the richest nations in the union . 
  each countries will have problems unique to them and these should be taken into account in the solution that we work out . 
   the norwegian and american scientists had notified thirty countries including russia of their intention to launch a high-altitude scientific experiment aboard a rocket ; however , the information was not passed on to the radar technicians . 
  [ 1 ] following the incident , notification and disclosure protocols were re-evaluated and redesigned . 
  hopefully that sort of thing is no longer an issue !, 
  it 's always a possibility but the utter destruction possible has so far meant every nuclear nation is very very careful with their nukes . 
   the criteria should not be gdp per capita . 
  how about salaries instead ? 
  or poverty per capita ? 
  yes , there should be a range of criteria that we can all agree on to some extent . 
   but i already explained why i 'd rather not have any . 
  not if every 1 in 100 is an islamist . 
  if every 1 in 100 is an islamist then lets help them outside our borders . 
  i 'll give money for that . 
  pushing an alternate solution is also fine , what i 'd say is not fine is just burying your head in the sand but that is hardly something which only ee does , i 'd say it 's a continental epidemic !, 
  i mean , once mad starts were all fucked anyway . 
  i think russia may be assholes but i do n't think they are crazy assholes . 
  if ee are complaining that they are being treated unfairly ( i.e getting more migrants per ( gdp per capita ) ) than western nations then fair enough . 
  the quotas should be worked out taking into account how much each nation can handle . 
  if one nation is poor but has lots of space then perhaps some sort of agreement can be made where one of the richer countries pays for the costs or some such . 
  but whatever happens , in this union we are all subject to our partners scrutiny . 
  they ar n't a threat at all to us . 
  conventionally our military is much much better than theirs . 
  if the russian military ever actually got near us it would be so out of shape we 'd wipe it right out . 
  nuke wise they have more but really with nukes you only need so many . 
  they are a threat to some of our allies of course . 
  i do n't agree with op but you are still wrong .
