  i mean ukip is n't racist so ... 
  try the bnp next time . 
  what . 
  i do n't think you know how toxic tony blair is in this country . 
  a diversity officers job is to encourage integration not encourage racism , sexism and genocide . 
  political correctness has nothing to do with it . 
  right , because a ** diversity officer ** constantly tweeting and encouraging racism and sexism is n't an issue . 
  because purposefully enabling multinationals to avoid their fair share of taxes is clearly above board . 
  petty cheating of your neighbors like this is what will destroy the eu . 
   so if sweatshop workers can have perfectly good living and working conditions what is the problem ? 
  sweat shop workers are paid practically nothing , as a consequence of that they do not have good living conditions . 
  their living conditions are irrelevant to this analogy . 
   and how do irish people get paid literally nothing ? 
  it 's an analogy , not a literal statement . 
  big businesses sell things in the uk . 
  they put their headquarters in a tax haven . 
  when it is time to pay taxes they pay them in the tax haven , whilst selling in the uk . 
  this undercuts businesses based in the uk . 
  the markets of the tax havens are not big and would not attract those companies if they didnt have access to the bigger markets . 
  a minimum tax , like a minimum wage would ensure a base line . 
  in this case of tax paid . 
  tax havens are abusing the trade they get from other nations . 
   last time i checked we have perfectly good living and working conditions , and good infrastructure . 
  whut ... sweatshop workers undercut the minimum wage because they get paid literally nothing , not because they dont have good living and working conditions ( of course they dont have good living and working conditions but thats not what i was talking about ) . 
   i do n't see big countries being screwed over , i see they have higher gdp per capita and are thriving already even with higher taxes . 
  if you want freebies you have to ask for them , just taking them is not very nice . 
   except this is like saying a flat rate income tax on all people is ` equality ' . 
  no it 's not . 
   we purposely tax different people different rates and call it a progressive tax . 
  which is nothing to do with this . 
   in this case smaller countries benefit from the lower tax , the bigger countries are doing fine with their own rates . 
  smaller countries benefit by providing tax avoidance havens that let big businesses screw over the other countries in the union . 
  you are the sweat shop workers undercutting the minimum wage . 
  a minimum tax like a minimum wage would ensure at least a base line of proper tax . 
  so equality is taking advantage ? 
  some union . 
  the uk is made up of 4 countries , scotland is one of the two who chose to join the uk and they even recently democratically validated that joining . 
  so when you say the uk you do realize that scotland is included in that ? 
  it 's almost as if in the uk referendum the eu ( as it was then ) , was marketed as a common market and not a political union . 
  wouldnt that be funny ... hahaha ... 
  well if it 's every country for itself you wo n't mind if we ban companies based in ireland from selling to us then ? 
  when your in a union you sometimes need to compromise , not take advantage of the rest of the union to attract multinational companies . 
  time to send the fleet out . 
  spain 's was actually my favourite . 
   none of them passed it through a referendum . 
  this is n't really a point , parliamentary democracy is just as valid as direct democracy . 
   you know who else they call neutral land ? 
  belgium and ireland . 
  i 'm from the uk so :  ireland . 
  lol . 
   belgium belgium is more like the safe way to get into france . 
   the uk is playing the lead role at the un security council in drafting a resolution that would give the eu a legal basis for using military force against people traffickers . 
  yesssssss relevancy . 
   no political party that complains about being in the eu would ever actually make their own country leave the eu even if they got into power : if they ever found themselves outside of the eu they would be left with nobody higher up to blame in order to keep their political support , and they know it . 
  you 're cute . 
   they have much less excuse urm , not really . 
  they are switzerland , you might aswell call them neutral land . 
   the pro side also lack democratic legitimacy which cuts down any case we make . 
  although they will now have a chance to acquire it in the coming referendum . 
   they need to build a base of support in europe ( countries like poland , sweden , holland , finland that share stances on many things ) and not just demand shit and then disappear . 
  surprisingly , cameron could do with taking a leaf out of farages book in that case . 
   surely you would n't want it to be like the uk . 
  a land where free and fair referendums can allow different sections to leave ? 
   single military with a national guard component for each country . 
  around 50 % of the eu 's military expenditure is done by the uk and france . 
  the uk and france are also the only eu countries with ` modern ' military 's . 
  and the only eu countries with nukes . 
  also we all have wildly different ideas of what our military 's should be doing , and we all have different obligations . 
  do n't think there is much chance of a unified military . 
   even today i think it makes more sense for a single eu seat on the security council why , france and the uk do not agree on that many international issues . 
  france and the uk make up about 50 % of the eu 's military expenditure aswell , why should an eu official have a say our national official does not ? 
  a united europe is closer than you think - the elites want it . 
  the people are the obstacle . 
  - this message brought to you by the labour and liberal democrat parties . 
  it 's 4 % higher than the opposition with 20 % non decided , and its a poll not a referendum . 
  the ` lead ' is well within error possibilities . 
  it was exactly this sort of thing , though on a bigger scale and over a longer time which led to the fall of the soviet union . 
  russia is just as prone to the problems of overspending as everyone else . 
   http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/policies/international/facilitating-trade/free-trade/index_en.htm free trade i mean . 
   that instead of making deal with the ( little ) voice of britain the 5th largest economy 's voice is not little lmao . 
   you make trade with the bigger voice of the eu . 
  the slow , lumbering and divided voice of the eu . 
   but being in a union you need to make compromise and therein lies the point , the uk doesnt need the help to be heard , we do n't need the union to have a voice on the trade stage . 
   edit anyway , my point is that it is harder to calculate than simply saying we give out more than we receive well yes its an over simplification . 
  ofcourse it doesnt matter anyway because if we left the eu we 'd still trade with them . 
  it was an act of the legitimate and accepted government of scotland at that time . 
  keep your revisionism to yourself . 
  i make up the shortfall shitposting on / r/dota2 , 
  well we ca n't speak at the wto , and every deal made has to be a compromise with 27 other very different nations so yes it is hard to quantify . 
  please demonstrate when the eu has been held to account by a democratic system ? 
   in exchange for that the uk also won easier trade with the rest of the eu ( way bigger market than the uk ) and in exchange for that the uk loses out on trade with the us , china , india , brazil and many other countries around the globe . 
  ( bigger market than the eu ) . 
   allegations of bigotry aside because they are unsubstantial . 
   eastern europeans are stealing our jobs and welfare it 's not fear mongering , immigration to the uk went from the 10s of thousands to the 100s of thousands in a few short years . 
   i do think that some changes to the eu are probably required , however . 
  yes , i suspect the uk 's outlook will depend greatly on how cameron does in his re negotiations . 
   if that were the result in an election theres a big difference between a poll of 1000 people on a non campaigned issue and a ge . 
  it 's close . 
  but i think we will have to agree to disagree . 
  that 's nice .
