  hilarious , the only reason we are in syria now is because of paris and the un resolution championed by france . 
  so you can fuck right off , you are the reason we are in syria now , not the us . 
   source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone#france shows presence worldwide and the like , as well as zones of influence - same reason china 's piling down the pressure in the chinese sea . 
  economic exclusive zones are not territorial waters , so your first claim was false . 
  you also have n't made an argument about how this helps you , are these areas particularly rich ? 
  owning a big harbour is nice , but if it gets no trade it is worthless . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/territorial_waters_-_france.svg as i suspected , most of your waters are in the middle of nowhere with no real value . 
   oh yeah totes , not like our pm just went to germany saying that merkel 's policy on refugees was batshit insane or anything . 
  i 'll wait for the day a uk pm goes to the us and says `` guys , you 're completely wrong , this is a stupid idea '' about something . 
  like when we voted not to go into syria with the us , french coalition and then you backed down too , because you could n't stand to go fight without us   there 's a difference between agreeing and saying `` yes '' to everything . 
  we do n't do that with germany . 
  but it 's what happens with the usa and the uk . 
  good little vichy , touting the party line . 
   also funny that you conveniently forgot to answer the question : where was the uk 's influence in these two deals , possibly the most significant ones in ir in the last year ? 
  not counting cop21 . 
  if you have nothing to say you have no need to speak . 
  only if you differ in opinion do you need to speak up . 
  agreeing with someone is not a crime , though i suppose thought crimes are soon coming to that little police state you call france . 
   fact is , the uk has immense potential for influence in the world . 
  but for some reason , you basically traded it all off to the usa . 
  there 's a reason the uk is called the 51st state . 
  theres a reason your called cheese eating surrender monkeys . 
  it 's hyperbole with no basis in reality . 
   no sweat , just wait till vietnam becomes the new china . 
   grossly inefficient with a terrible track record on human rights ? 
  are you dense ? 
  apart from :  enjoy all the benefits it brings no net benefits . 
   resist as much as possible to actually do what you are required to do when you sign up to the eu we are one of the best followers of eu regulations , that we disagree with new ones has nothing to do with existing ones . 
  it 's ironic that a german should say this , the only nation in the eu that does not admit that eu law supersedes national law . 
   and then blame it whenever anything goes wrong , whether it has anything to do with the eu or not . 
  because their ca n't possibly be any valid complaints about the eu . 
   unlike gb/france/germany / russia they have the demographic/economic projections that make it inevitable that they will be the `` rival '' across the pacific for a long time . 
  the eu has a higher gdp than the us and china . 
  world domination attempt like 8 is a go !, 
  wales . 
   larger nuclear weapons arsenal ( 3rd largest in the world , in fact ) . 
  oh yeah , and we built it up alone , we did n't have the usa give us the spare missiles they did n't want . 
  we can raze any country in the world to the ground , you can do the same . 
  mad principle applies , you 've wasted more money than us , congratulations . 
   one of the few countries that has full autonomy for building fighter aircraft ( and pretty kickass ones as that ) it 's a nice sounding point but it does n't actually mean anything . 
  we chose to invest in a joint project . 
  we can both procure planes if we want them , bottom line . 
  i 'll give you the eurofighter is pretty neat . 
   we 're not traditionnaly as subservient to the usa . 
  case in point , iraq . 
  that was 13 years ago , but still kind of a big deal . 
  there is a difference between subservience and trust . 
  iraq has killed the british trust of the us . 
  we have never been subservient to the us . 
  though you 'd know all about subservience in france , right ? 
   2nd largest territorial water zones in the world ( after us ) . 
  source + your point ? 
  having territorial waters means nothing if they do n't gain you anything . 
   2nd largest embassy network in the world ( after us ) . 
  again , you have the embassy 's but do you have the influence ? 
   eu influence . 
  say what you will about germany having the upper hand , but there 's a reason that there 's a franco-german summit before every eu council meeting . 
  so the germans can give you your script ? 
    so , where exactly were you guys with your awesome diplomatic power during the minsk negotiations for ukraine , or even the iran deal , apart from saying `` yeah , whatever the usa says '' ? 
  we definitely were n't in the big players either , but it has been attested fabius had some influence . 
  france being jealous that the uk made colonies with which it agrees ? 
  you do n't always have to have a different opinion , agreeing with someone is not being subservient to them , or do you really think france is subservient to germany ? 
   that report about the uk becoming the top economy in 10-15 years , with france slumping out to irrelevancy ? 
  no wonder it was published in the french-loving uk press . 
  it 's one report . 
  i also found equally dubious studies saying that france will overtake germany because of demographic advantage . 
  all of those are complete hogwash . 
  the report about the uk being the top over germany was very optimistic and required good conditions in the uk and bad in germany . 
  the idea that the french economy is stagnating and that the uk economy will outgrow it is a much more substantiated opinion . 
  it 's still economics so it 's of course all made up , but there we go . 
   edit : should also mention that at least we did n't send all of our convicts to some hellhole and them see them turn up 50 years later with lower homicide rates and better quality of life . 
  :d still jealous that even our prison colonies turned out successful ? 
  it 's okay , you have quebec . 
  [ traitor !, 
  ] ( http://lolworthy.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/traitor-stormtrooper-gif.gif ) on a more serious note , our economy is doing better than france 's and not just on paper . 
  it 's a slim margin however , the uk 's economy growth is outstripping france . 
   they 're far less reliant on the us . 
  once these carriers are finally complete this will not be true . 
  further , the amount of integration between the uk and french militaries makes this a pointless distinction . 
  in the treaty of lisbon all eu nations recognize our right to the falklands , the treaty of lisbon also includes a mutual defense clause . 
  better get out your broomsticks , 
   i know what you 're saying but my point was that france and germany have been the preeminent powers in europe for far longer than other countries and so the title of `` centres of european power '' applies to them more than any other . 
  this is n't true though . 
  france has not been a preeminent any longer than the uk . 
  infact britain used to include large areas of what we now call france . 
  further , germany have never been the preeminent power in europe , apart from a few short years in 1940 . 
  they have only ever been a power in central europe . 
   what 's the old saying ? 
  germany : too big for europe , too small for the world . 
  germany , big enough for central europe , too small for anywhere else . 
   though with the eu they have become big enough for the world now . 
  as have lichenstein . 
  i see what you are doing now . 
  you are conflating england and westminster . 
  this is incorrect . 
   i never referred to the uk as england , in fact i 'm making the distinction between the two . 
  when talking about uk foreign policy , speaking of england is incorrect . 
  it would be like me saying , the texan invasion of iraq . 
   in terms of legislative power , wales has a weaker independence from england than scotland . 
  no it does not .
