  you ca n't answer the critical questions and you ca n't answer how your model of gun control can work for the rest of the eu . 
  you 're just another indoctrinated loon . 
  sweden should change it 's constitution just so they can suck assange off alongside you ? 
  you are absolutely deluded . 
   lol !, 
  yeah , the person with access to incredible lawyers is going to first cooperate with sweden , then hole up in an equador embassy for years saying he 's willing to cooperate further with the swedish authorities but just not within sweden , all because he might have taken a condom off , or something . . and even having sms messages and a twitter message to support his side , making the woman 's story less believable . 
  that 's some convoluted logic you 're following , you 're quiet the person . 
  make sure you swallow it all . 
   facts for biased sour people : media spin from assange to trick stupid people . 
   he has repeatedly requested them to come to him ah , the whole judiciary system of sweden should be completely changed because julian ` special boy ' assange wants to be an exception . 
   or for him to come if they can find a way to promise to not send him to the usa . 
  this is impossible because the judicary and parliament of sweden are seperate . 
  it would be against sweden 's constitution to make such a promise . 
  a fact that assange is well aware of . 
  he asked them to do it , merely to trick morons like you . 
   for more than four years ny refused to go to london to interview assange but now that a statute of limitations deadline is approaching , finally the swedish side is willing to take his side into consideration . 
  suck it good . 
   he has been holed up in that embassy for much longer than he would have ever stayed in jail in sweden for possibly taking a condom off without consent or something like that . 
  well he is going to be awefully sad when he has to do time for skipping bail and for sexual assualt . 
  looks like he should have just fought the charges at the beginning . 
   that 's a weird way to put it , you know unless you wanted to shine light on just how biased you are , in that case you 've done well . 
  he 's innocent until proven guilty i am arguing for him to go to court and face a fair trial . 
  you are arguing that he should n't face a fair trial . 
  nice mental gymnastics . 
  that i think he is guilty does n't have any effect on his trial . 
   you know , evidence from people who 've allegedly contradicted themselves , probably repeatedly through sms messages and a twitter post . 
  lol . 
  if it is so clear that he did n't do it then he would have gone to the trial . 
   but what can a biased person do but ignore that and paint julian as the person who 'll need to be thoroughly interrogated ? 
  you must really be gagging right now . 
   do n't forget to kiss the women 's asses and cry at the top of your lungs `` this world is too sexist , julian must go to jail ! '', 
  as the investigation in concluded with no charges pressed . 
  ` facing a fair trial is too good for julian ` big boy ' assange . 
  instead we will just let him walk away , maybe suck his dick a little to make sure he isnt offended . ', 
  -- what charges -- ? 
  in any other country he would be facing charges , in sweden they can not charge until first questioning . 
  it is not that his crimes lack severeness . 
  if he knows his evidence wo n't stand up to a court then i am perfectly fine with trusting his own judgement . 
  he knows he does n't have a case . 
  do n't forget to bounce about a little , youre clearly on his dick and no one likes a starfish . 
   there is currently another european country being invaded by russia . 
  finland is part of the eu so a part of the mutual defense from the treaty of lisbon . 
  different kettle of fish . 
  but yes , for finland it is a bit more reasonable to be defensive . 
    name something as dangerous as a gun , that has zero uses for a civilian outside of ` fun ' . 
   guns are only as dangerous as the user . 
  so , as i said . 
  no reason for a civilian to have one . 
   i do n't need to go to the army in order to own guns in switzerland . 
  i mean , conscription is anti-freedom . 
  not in it 's relation to gun law , in itself . 
   we have currently a gun homicide rate of 0.08 per 100k people . 
  only slightly higher than gun free uk . 
  not to mention that we have one of the lowest overall homicide rates in the world . 
  our homicide rate his higher than yours , and yet your gun homicide rate is higher than ours . 
  it 's pretty clear why that is . 
   since we forbid people with criminal records from owning guns . 
  how hard is it to borrow a gun from a sympathetic friend ? 
  what about first time offenders ? 
  what about those who hav n't been caught ? 
   national paranoia ? 
  yes , back in the day during wwi and wwii we had to protect our country , after the wwii ended we had to look at the expansion of the iron curtain while the soviets invaded country after country . 
  that 's not paranoia , that 's being prepared . 
  i know why you and finland are paranoid . 
  it 's still paranoia . 
   we also do n't need a ton of other stuff in order to survive name something as dangerous as a gun , that has zero uses for a civilian outside of ` fun ' . 
   and our freedom freedom and conscription do n't really compute . 
   as far as i see it we still have a very safe society despite having these guns . 
  you are stinking rich , there are only 8 million of you and you have conscription . 
  with all that you still manage to have more gun crime per capita than us . 
  switzerland is definitely not a model that can be implemented across the eu . 
  as with any crime , socioeconomic factors play a bigger factor in motivation than whether or not guns are available . 
  the question is , whether you want your criminals to have knives or guns . 
  i want my criminals to have knives and in my country , that is what they carry . 
  civilians have no need of that level of firepower . 
  name one good reason . 
  you both have conscription and an insane degree of national paranoia . 
  america is america . 
  whenever gun control comes up on / r/europe it is always the fins and swiss defending guns the most rampantly . 
  both nations have a defensive outlook and conscription but i 'm sure it goes deeper than that . 
  google the london riots . 
  organised police can deal with rioters just fine . 
  and unlike in germany ours do n't have to resort to water cannons , 
   first : i 'm a dual citizen of canada and the united kingdom . 
  call me american again and i 'll presume it 's a deliberate insult . 
  you are an american . 
  canada is in the continent of america , feel free to call me a european if it makes you feel better . 
   and on top of that , is that really how desperate you are to pretend to yourself that you have n't utterly lost this argument ? 
  i genuinely believe you are mentally handicapped , taking you seriously is just too much . 
   ad hominem insults based on mistaken guesses as to the nationality of your opponent ? 
  pitiful . 
  your flair tells me exactly where you are from , even if you did n't have a flair your stance shows that you are most likely from america , finland or switzerland . 
   i was going to dissect the rest of your logical fallacies , shifting goal posts and the stupidity belying your condescension , but frankly you 've wasted more than enough of my time already . 
  and here we see the fallacy fallacy . 
  you expanded the issues into guns from across borders and i followed that expansion down it 's logical path . 
  you are the one enlarging the conversation . 
   off with you . 
  drop a last word if it somehow makes you feel better , i suppose . 
   why ? 
  an attention whore who dragged the name of wikileaks through the mud to try and avoid the fact that he did n't respect swedens strict sexual assualt laws .
