   all sane thinking people support strict gun controls . 
  this implies that anyone who does n't agree with my opinion is insane . 
  it is specifically a reply to his comment not a general statement that can be taken out of context . 
  that you recognize an opinion you disagree with using this faulty logic but can not recognize the same in an opinion you agree with is actually quite worrying . 
   you really have no arguments other than just resorting to insults because you do n't accept another opinion . 
  actually if you read my last comment i said that switzerland is a good example of guns working , however i believe it only works because you have the draft and i think that the draft is ethically unsound . 
  touche . 
   so what you are saying is that spain , germany , switzerland , monaco , andorra , belgium and luxembourg contributed to the massacre because somehow they are weak when it comes to gun control ? 
  first of all , im not speaking specifically about paris . 
  they did n't contribute to it , the lack of cooperation and yet open borders were a big factor in it happening but to say that these countries contributed to it is blaming them , which is not the case . 
  everyone in schengen agreed to be there . 
   among those countries there 's only one where there are very lax gun laws , and that 's my country . 
  as far as i know i did n't see them carrying stgw 90s for the massacre . 
  well if i was talking about just the massacre i 'm sure i would have said so . 
  the massacre was made possible by weak borders and lack of cooperation between member nations but that is a slightly different point . 
   i 'm quite happy to live in a country that values liberty and personal responsibility . 
  some people just ca n't handle that shit , and it 's fine in my opinion , just do n't try to impose your views on other people . 
  i think you are wrong and your values stupid but i 'm not trying to impose my view on you , as i say , the channel largely protects the uk , if you want to shoot yourself in the foot that is your right . 
   that 's an insult and a generalization . 
  yes , saying something back to someone with the views flipped is a way of highlighting their faulty logic . 
  strange that you only recognize the opinion you disagree with as an insult and generalization do n't you think ? 
   is my country full of insane people because we do n't have the bullshit draconian gun laws that your island nation has ? 
  your country is full of insane people but i think that 's just your culture . 
  you have the draft . 
  switzerland is a good example of guns working , but they work because you have the draft , everyone is trained to use guns responsibly . 
  you seem to have carefully avoided the mention of tax haven . 
   so you 're ok with the state having guns but not you ? 
  the state , the one i elect , the ones whos military is made up of the people , whos police force is made up of the people . 
  yes i support gun controls . 
   does that not strike you as a bit of a serious power imbalance ? 
  not at all . 
   what exactly did strict gun laws do to stop the paris attacks ? 
  strict gun laws ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  if you have a land border that is n't heavily patrolled then your controls mean nothing if your neighbours rules are weak . 
   anyway of course i am arguing with a brit on this matter , but you should know that since we are an island it is much easier for us . 
  we are perhaps lucky . 
  you would be stupid to take what works here and assume it would work everywhere . 
  yes i know . 
  still the hurdles may be greater they can still be overcome . 
   in reality no free thinking man could honestly support the state owning guns but not individuals , but what can you do . 
  all sane thinking people support strict gun controls . 
  as long as you do n't mind not having freedom of movement with us then we really do n't care what your gun controls are like . 
  i mean we do n't care anyway because we have the channel but i assume other landlocked nations might have something to say . 
  the authoritarian left ? 
  gun restriction in the uk took place over a time of around 100 years , i suppose the ` left ' held sway for the entirety ? 
   in an ideal world we certainly would . 
  an ideal world being a world where no one ever resorted to violence . 
  as we do n't believe in fairy tales that 's a pretty pointless thing to say . 
  they probably do n't agree with other stuff he does and are being edgy to show that . 
  french colonial obligations . 
  i did n't see any french ships with us going to reclaim the falklands . 
   when europe will stop using us as their army and the other countries will put some efforts in defending us then we 'll be able to talk on the same level . 
  we spend more than you on defense and we have commitments all over the world aswell . 
  no dude , it 's just everything he says he has to cock up somehow . 
  he means we trust them and they trust us . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_espionage_in_the_united_states, 
  welsh is an official uk language so i think you would be fine , 
  thought that was a pretty good speech . 
  `` dave was cold dave was naked , jenny was there , she was bare '' * maniacal * * laughter *, 
  i think if france invokes article 5 , or puts troops on the ground and asks for our help , we will do it . 
   combat violence with violence ? 
  there is no single instance in the entire of human history that would remotely advise this short-sighted course of action . 
  are you ignorant , stupid or perhaps both ? 
  did we hug the nazi 's to death ? 
  inb4 godwins law, 
   rethoric out of nowhere . 
  the op said that some people wanted to escalate to war . 
  i was informing him that we are already at war . 
  just because one side believes the other too weak to take seriously does n't make the other side non existant . 
  so no , it 's not rhetoric and it 's not out of nowhere . 
   go there and kill everyone in syria or wherever isis is active ? 
  do you think that will stop terrorists ? 
  keep your strawmen to yourself . 
   so what do you suppose we do ? 
  i 'd need a lot more information before i could make a decision . 
  i think i can write off the idea of an occupation , it would serve nothing . 
  every other idea , from boots on the ground to starving them economically until their state collapses depends on what the current situation is and knowledge that i naturally am not privy to . 
  in this case i was referring to isis . 
  that we do n't officially recognize it as a state does n't mean it is n't one . 
   i never said those words , i did n't even come close to it . 
  ` hate ca n't beat hate , only love can ' . 
   now fuck off cunt . 
  i wo n't respond to your pathetic comments anymore . 
  well atleast you are finally being honest . 
  despite this know that though i think you are a moron , i love you as a human being . 
   saying this is just terrible , wow you are a dick you are prepared to love the mass murderers of 100s of people and yet you wo n't love me for disagreeing with you on reddit ? 
   i said i 'm not looking for negativity and you 've already dragged me down a lot . 
  pretty disgusting that you were n't already down at this terrible news . 
  even more disgusting that you were browsing the news thread on a mass killing trying to improve your mood . 
   it 's funny how hypocrit you are for telling me not to make assumptions about you but your entire basis of argumentation of the initial post we are in this chain for is completly bias . 
  you use many words and yet say nothing . 
  how is what i have said hypocritical , how is my original comment bias . 
  tl : dr ; fuck off you loon . 
  w/e , i do n't care about your primary school views . 
   you 're willing to belittle someone for saying something positive saying we should love people who have just murdered in cold blood over 100 things is not positive . 
  believe it or not . 
   ok i was n't looking for such a negative discussion . 
  you started off this discussion by accusing ` people like me ' of causing the current state of affairs . 
  never mind that my comment does n't give an iota of my views .
