  in the eu it does . 
  outside of the eu it does not . 
  germany gets free trade so it 's manufacturing industries can dominate . 
  france gets the cap so it 's agriculture does n't go bankrupt . 
  we get our fishing industries destroyed and our seas overfished by foreign vessels . 
  we get integration preached at us and yet when we push common financial zone it is opposed because we would dominate it . 
  you take everything that is good for you and do n't give anything back that is good for us . 
  again you treat the eu as if it is a state . 
  our contribution to the eu is not met by returns from it . 
   you assume `` power '' equals being able to push for your own agendas alone . 
  no , i assume our contributions should earn us some influence . 
   you are one of the the most powerful countries in the union . 
  simply you 're not powerful enough to impose your will against the reminder 27 . 
  as i say . 
  if no one in this union is with us , then why stay . 
  it does nothing for us , we have no say in how it runs , it costs us a fuck load of money and rights . 
   if you have no power than at least 24 out of 27 countries have no power . 
  this is nonsense . 
  pfft . 
  the only countries with power in the eu are germany and france . 
  those seats being most of the scottish seats . 
  so as i said , much more powerful in the uk than that . 
   but your initial point was you were underrepresented and the process undemocratic . 
  that 's what i was addressing . 
  we have no actual power in this union and so we are not represented , that is my point . 
  nation state democracy is better than super state democracy , especially when the super state is of countries that do not agree on even the most basic things . 
   you may still be for leaving . 
  i 'm on the fence . 
   likewise scotland may well do the same . 
  scotland can not leave the union without a referendum , which they have just had . 
  i doubt westminster will be allowing another straight after the first . 
  unless their results in the eu referendum are staggeringly different from the rest of the uk 's . 
   but that does n't mean they are underrepresented or that the uk is n't democratic . 
  of course , scotland are heavily over represented in the uk . 
   it does n't matter if it is `` an area incompatible to you '' for the purposes of discussing democratic process and/or power within a union . 
  each nation is sovereign , therefor it matters very much if something is incompatible . 
   and your position may well be that your demands should be acceptable , but that does n't mean they are deemed acceptable by the other members . 
  fine . 
  if you wo n't work with us , then we will work alone . 
  that is our answer . 
   if a small minority , without enough power to impose its views , pushes for proposals that others deemed unacceptable , then by definition it is isolated . 
  we have the power to ` impose ' our views , we shackle ourselves by remaining a part of a union that cares not a bit for us . 
   and using fptp is your problem , not the eu 's problem . 
  if you thin the manner by which you choose your eurodeputies is bad , that is an issue you should discuss at a national level . 
  it is an issue with uk , eu compatibility that is currently being discussed , the discussion being whether or not we stay in the eu . 
    as for other your other parties positions , it 's interesting to note that e.g. 
  the percentage of deputies from ld+snp alone is close to that of uk gdp/eu gdp . 
  and i am not even counting the greens in . 
  just to put power in perspective . 
  and labour while pro reforms has always been much more eu friendly . 
   it 's interesting to note that e.g. 
  the percentage of deputies from ld+snp alone is close to that of uk gdp/eu gdp . 
  and yet the snp are much more powerful in the uk than that . 
   and labour while pro reforms has always been much more eu friendly . 
  we do n't call them tory ^ lite for nothing . 
  although that has changed with the corybnites . 
   in any case point is , if a minority asks for that which is unacceptable for a large majority , it is not likely to get it . 
  again an area incompatible with us . 
  there has been a huge surge towards devolution in the uk . 
   britain has been isolating itself and making unacceptable demands . 
  pfft , in a democracy being the opposition is not isolating yourself . 
  our demands are perfectly reasonable . 
  as per the europeans will ignore out legitimate concerns , this time though we will leave . 
   how is that not being compatible ... you chose your eurodeputies . 
  they are representing your population in the europarliament . 
  a large chunk of your population chose to vote for representatives that are against such changes in the european union . 
  our ruling party is chosen by fptp , this discrepancy between our eu representatives and our government is problematical at best . 
  every major party in the uk supports eu reforms . 
   you seem to willingly confuse not having enough power with being underrepresented , and not choosing my favourite option with incompatibility . 
  you act like the eu is a state when it is anything but . 
  you can ignore our problems all you want , we will leave and that will be that . 
   yes : my bad . 
    and its not . 
  you just appear to have a distorted vision of your power 's worth . 
   e.g. 
  you account for 2.6 / 18.4 of the eus gdp . 
  and we have 0/100 influence on eu policy . 
   of course you alone can not muscle out the rest of the union . 
  if you 're completely isolated and making demands everyone else believes to be unacceptable , you 're going to have a hard time . 
  as i say , if we have nothing in common a union between us is pointless . 
   and add to that the fact that your government 's position is n't representative of all of your population . 
  for instance your meps include labour + green + snp+ld ( 42.6 % ) . 
  they themselves wo n't always agree with the british conservatives ' position . 
  yet another way we are not compatible with the eu . 
   what do you even mean ? 
  i gave you a link . 
  i am stating a fact . 
  you do not get 1/28th of the euro deputies . 
  that 's not what happens . 
  the distribution of eurodeputies is not 1/28th to each country . 
  deputies = meps ? 
   you 're not underrepresented in the council . 
  you represent your country which has whatever power it does . 
  our power in the european union is under-representative of our ` power ' as a country . 
   simply often it 's the uk against pretty much against everyone else . 
  that europe does n't share a single vision with us , is hardly a ringing endorsement of our eu membership . 
   thanks for providing example for nationalism and its propaganda issues . 
  thanks for showing the ignorance that will split the eu apart all the faster . 
   so this is perfect example of futility of `` sovereignity you are deluded . 
   yes , the `` regime change '' part was aimed at that point we are a democratic nation , we wo n't be allowing rule by fascists , thanks for the offer though .
