  oh , ok . then ee was n't trading with the uk because the cold war was happening . 
   so britons ca n't even read by themselves the presentation of a treaty . 
  it now becomes evident why spain fails so hard in a capitalist world . 
  it 's called marketing , look it up . 
   de gaulle was right , the uk should not have been allowed in . 
  the economic burden of spain should never have even been considered . 
   as the only thing you care when dealing with other people is money . 
  i care about a lot more about money , sorry that i feel more connected to our historic friends than our historic enemies . 
   each of these seem more political endeavours that free trade ones . 
  they are all the aims of a common market . 
  there is no talk at all of political union . 
  it 's not a lie , it does n't surprise me that an eu shrill who clearly has n't done their research would try to portray it as such . 
   the `` ever closer union '' is inherently political the eu was falsely sold to the people of the uk . 
  do n't talk shit about things you obviously havnt bothered looking up . 
   http://www.civitas.org.uk/eufacts/1975ref.php  http://www.civitas.org.uk/eufacts/1975referendumgov.pdf the government leaflet sent around . 
   http://www.civitas.org.uk/eufacts/1975referendumyes.pdf the yes campaign leaflet . 
  note how none of them mention political union ? 
  the uk voted on a common market , not a political union . 
   but before eu they did not happen between ee and uk . 
  the uk has been trading with france and germany since the end of ww2 . 
   ee was joining eu both as common market and political union . 
  why do you keep talking about a mobile company ? 
  do you mean the eec ? 
  the eec was not a political union , it was a common market . 
  the treaty of lisbon and the european union are a completely different kettle of fish . 
  for people in the uk , any eu power over us will be illegitimate until a referendum takes place . 
   well , they can exit eu real soon . 
  we can exit the eu whenever we want , it 's a clause in the treaty of lisbon . 
  even if it was n't we could leave when we wish , who could stop us ? 
   would you expect ee to open their markets to ie german export without any protection for nothing in return ? 
  nope . 
  free trade agreements are rather common . 
  joining a common market is not signing up to a political union , you can not change the specifics of an agreement after it has already been made , without a new referendum . 
  we have even changed our laws to reflect that . 
   but uk made a deal with those countries the uk referendum on the issue was for a trade union not a political one . 
  many people in the uk do not see the futher powers granted as legitimate . 
  can i laugh heartily at you ? 
  as usual the eu circlejerk resorts to straw-man arguments . 
  the uk 's voice would be bigger because it would be the uk 's voice , not the compromised and cracked voice of 28 different nations all with different aims . 
  not because muh economy muh military . 
  except that the disparity between us states is as nothing to the disparity between european nations . 
  the uk 's international voice without the eu would be bigger not smaller , we 'd be able to say what we want , not what a compromise between 28 very different countries with very different economies want . 
   1 ) everyone said the same thing after ww1 2 ) the yugoslav wars of the 1990s 3 ) 2008 russian-georgian war 4 ) 2014 russian annexation of crimea and aggression in eastern ukraine i think your talking crap . 
  1 ) the cold war united us against them , that 's why we have peace in europe . 
  the cold war lasted so long that the thought of attacking say france just completely drifted away . 
  2 ) ww2 was much more horrific than ww1 and taken as a duo they definitely turned europeans off war . 
  3 ) the development of nuclear weapons . 
  a european war would be much more devastating than even ww2 and ww1 combined . 
   european union did most europeans find a peaceful way to become united , rather than individual countries trying to annex as much land as possible and to increase their dominions . 
  this is just a complete lie . 
  peace in western europe is not dependent on the eu . 
  what do you think happened in all the time between 1945 and 1993 ? 
  is this time non existent to you . 
   4 ) 2014 russian annexation of crimea and aggression in eastern ukraine a situation forced by the possibility of the ukraine joining the eu , so the eu caused the complete opposite of what you are stating . 
  not to say that what russia has done is at all good or right , it 's just that it 's pretty par for the course for russia . 
  was the status quo with regards to ukraine and russia really so bad that it needed stirring ? 
  at the very least how about we get our act together with the current 28 members before inviting any new ones in . 
  we discussed what the word means ages ago . 
  i did n't know what the word was a combination of , these are two different things . 
  making shit up does n't make you right . 
   again : are you suggesting that men were systematically e.g. 
  denied an education simply because they were men in the same way women were ? 
  as i 've already said ... no . 
  but i 'm not trying to equate womens historical education with mens historical education , so this is not particularly relevant . 
   yes , sexism against men exists , but not in the form of undermining their intellectual capacities on the basis of their sex alone i 'd consider the arts and say cooking to be as science and math are to women . 
   also , `` mansplaining '' is n't a portmanteau of `` man '' and `` complaining '' , but `` man '' and `` explaining '' . 
  ah , my bad . 
  it 's a buzz word often used to lock men out of conversations . 
  if a woman condescended to me when i am cooking because i am a man would you call it womansplaining ? 
  no , that would be ridiculous . 
  we 've already got a word for it , it 's called prejudice . 
  mansplaining is just an excuse to set up an echo chamber . 
  i do n't think we are going to agree , so i suggest this conversation end here . 
   i do not . 
  -  could you ? 
  does our society systematically elevate women 's opinions above those of men ? 
  has it historically dismissed men 's opinions or displayed a widespread belief for centuries that men are less intelligent than women and less suited to intellectual pursuits ? 
  has it denied access to men to intellectual professions because of their assumed lack of intelligence ? 
  if so , then yeah , you could . 
  but it does n't really . 
  and i mean , you can try and pretend that the fact that sometimes some feminists on the internet are very mean and dismissive is the same to centuries of systematic oppression with lasting consequences , but it 's not and i do n't really have a lot of patience for arguments that pretend that sexism is made up . 
  ya dude . 
   so make up a gendered term , i doubt i 'll care . 
  i do n't believe in encouraging segregation and sexism so i 'll give it a miss . 
   and we specify by putting the male prefix infont because that 's the essence of the complaint your mixing the words man and complaining and then saying :  it 's about a society that encourages men to assume they always know more than women and thus to explain things to them . 
  this is n't complaining , this is condescending . 
  ` mansplaining ' is just a sexist excuse to kick men out of conversations . 
  just like the idea that women are intellectually worse . 
   it 's not about an `` intellectual gender bias '' it 's about a society that encourages men to assume they always know more than women and thus to explain things to them . 
  in other words a society that is bias against women regarding intellectual affairs . 
  or an intellectual gender bias ... 
  it 's just an example of a set of words that could be used , i do n't mean they should be used . 
   you 're getting very aggressive very fast and i do n't know why . 
  i 'm really not . 
   it 's particularly weird , since this conversation started with you putting words in my mouth - in fact you 're doing it again right here . 
  where did i put words in your mouth ? 
   but sexism against men has not taken the form of undermining their intellectual capacities , which is what we 're talking about . 
  i 'd say we are discussing whether ` mansplaining ' as a word is detrimental to equality . 
   if you want to make up a word to complain about military conscription , be my guest . 
  ( edit : in fact there already is a term for that : male expendability ) .
