   to counter that , the richer fund the poorer , much like wales gets extra funds from london , or alabama gets extra cash from california . 
  the difference here is that eu member states are not bound to eachother and i do n't mean just treaty wise . 
  it would take years and years of slow integration for eu members to be willing to truly bleed for eachother . 
  what we have now is the complete opposite , every eu member being selfish , which will result in the uk leaving , as the rest of the eu has no sympathy for our problems . 
  i mean , we pay into the pot that pays for everything , therefore , some might say , that we pay for everything , technically . 
  so really i 'm not wrong , * technically * . 
   if they do n't want an equal relationship then let them stay out . 
  ah yes , equal relationship . 
  we pay for everything and get nothing back . 
  nice equal relationship . 
   they obvious do n't feel european enough . 
  truly us integration with mexico and canada is a beacon of hope to us all . 
  you must all feel so * american * . 
   still no invite . 
  you are correct if you want to say `` responsible for increased numbers '' , but it was no invite . 
  by literal definition not an invite , by real world definition is an invite . 
   only have a german one but i will translate the relevant part : your source is non specific in the extreme , if you wish this to have meaning please find a source that talks about the uk specifically , as this is what your claim was about . 
   britain pledged $ 1.75 bn in new aid between now and 2020 , and the us committed $ 900m to bring total us humanitarian spending to $ 5bn . 
  germany , which took in more than 1 million refugees last year , said it would give $ 2.5 bn through 2018 . 
  so by this uk aid would still be ahead ? 
  i do n't know what conclusion you are trying to bring from this . 
   you made it sound like we are not playing our part . 
  we are . 
  your whole point is that we are not playing our part , so do n't try and turn this around on me . 
  my point , as i have said , is that we are doing our part , and arguably better than germany . 
  you were dismissive of our efforts , so why do you expect me not to be dismissive of yours ? 
  turnabout is fair play . 
   merkels statement was not an invitation , it was merely a publicity failure . 
  she did not expect things to develop like they actually did . 
  some people took it as an invitation , but it acutally was n't one . 
  what she said was pretty much a description of how it was handled even prior to that point . 
  of course , we will process everyone coming as we cant ( legally ) send back people to greece . 
  her intent being different from the result is meaningless in this case . 
  especially when the result was so easy to predict . 
   these articles are over two years old yes . 
   i know for a fact that not even 50 % of the money pledged was actually given . 
  source . 
   you are also ignoring the 2016 donor conference for syria . 
  the uk pledged 1.6 billion $ ( bringing the total to  3 billion ) while germany pledged 2.3 billion . 
  `` doing better than germany '' is a bit of a bold statement given these numbers , do n't you think ? 
  source . 
   and in the end , this is not some contest who can give the most aid - all that matters is that sufficient funds actually arrive in the region . 
  then why did you start a contest over who is giving the most aid ? 
   we did not invite anybody , by the way . 
  lol   2nd largest aid giver to the syria crisis in the world . 
  more per capita than the us , which is 1st . 
   source/numbers ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/interactive/2013/sep/06/syria-aid-who-gives-how-much http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/10570726/syria-crisis-how-does-britains-aid-donation-compare.html, 
  2nd largest aid giver to the syria crisis in the world . 
  more per capita than the us , which is 1st . 
  hav n't publicly invited thousands of ` refugees ' thus worsening the crisis . 
  doing better than germany it seems . 
  cameron has no room to compromise , in the eyes of the british public his re negotiation is already a watered down mess , the only reason he is even still trying for this is because he only needs to swing a small % to get a yes vote . 
  if the positive sides of the eu were more aligned with the obligations it would be more straight forward , however the obligations far outweigh any positives . 
  we pay far too much in for this glorified free trade agreement to be worth it . 
   in fact , without the veto from london , we could finally start and make the eu work . 
  ah yes , eu ideas are working out so well ar n't they !, 
  euro and schengen surely are doing fantastic right now . 
  famous german sense of humour at work . 
   your problems are real , they 're just the same as ours , and you do n't see us threatening with exit or demanding exceptions . 
  we ar n't threatening you with exit . 
  the eu exit referendum was forced upon the government by ukip and their surge in popularity . 
  the attempt at reforms by cameron is not him saying , do this or we will leave . 
  it is the uk saying we are going to decide whether or not we remain . 
  and cameron trying to make the pro-eu side look appealing . 
   i 'm for adjustments , but only eu-wide . 
  no more exceptions . 
  we ar n't asking for exceptions , we are perfectly fine with eu-wide regulations . 
  it is the eu that wants to make this watered down farce of a deal uk exclusive . 
  freedom of movement is a terrible idea between nations of such unequal standing . 
  it robs the poorer nations of their workforce and compresses wages in the wealthier nations . 
  we have a housing crisis , all of our public services are facing serious problems , we have one of the highest population densities in the world . 
  but yeah , fuck our problems , ca n't possibly be real . 
   so the end result is immigrants are blamed when in reality they 've done their part and local government and national government have not . 
  net immigration went from being in the 10 's of thousands . 
  to being 300,000 in a very short time . 
  how you think any government could be prepared for such an increase i do not know . 
  you literally have no idea what you are talking about . 
  it 's the fashoda incident all over again . 
   except that uk is n't giving money to countries in the eu area . 
  eurozone , not eu . 
  if there are no mechanisms then you will simply take the money . 
  so you do not comprehend or what ? 
   yup , got territorial waters and exclusive zones mixed up , my bad . 
  they 're still pretty important , contrary to what you 're saying ( as i said - strategic importance , trade , also gives us presence on every continent , etc. ) . 
  they 're not really in the middle of nowhere either , if you know geography . 
  i was referring to the large portions that are in the middle of the pacific ocean   nope , the uk 's involvement in syria predates the november 13th attacks , started in 2014 in fact : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_shader#intervention_in_syria uk intervention in syria before paris was restricted to reconnaissance flights . 
  we are currently actively intervening because of paris . 
   funny speaking about a french police state when you have cctv all over the place , and gchq spying over everybody and then sharing that with the nsa . 
  we 're only now getting to your level on mass surveillance . 
  we have so much cctv it is impossible to monitor it all . 
  you have a government running wild with 'em ergency powers ' . 
  we ar n't bailing our your shitty currency , we told you it would be a shitty currency , now live with your shitty currency . 
  comprendo ? 
   it 's killed the british trust in iraq so much that the uk is still basically the us 's yes-man in the world . 
  you are deluded . 
   why do you think the usa wants the u to stay in the eu ? 
  it needs its bridgehead in europe . 
  pfft , it 's already bought out germany , and they hold your leash . 
   oh yeah , there was that one time on syria , and that was thanks to ed miliband 's only moment of intelligence , but that was about it .
