  with corbyn they are swinging back left but corbyn has n't been doing such a stellar job so far , we will see though . 
  it 's our responsibility to police france ? 
  i 'm sorry , i thought we were neighbours with a first world country . 
  if so many are in favour of conscription , let them join a professional army . 
  there is no need to force those who do not , to fill the role . 
   yup , it looks like you could use some conscription alright . 
  ah yes , military service , well known for it 's curing of people drinking alcohol . 
   slavery ? 
  civic duty . 
  you guys even used to call it ` national service ' . 
  we also used to have the death penalty . 
  that 's how past tense works , congratulations . 
  nice dodge aswell , we 'll make a politician out of you yet . 
   but what do i know , i 'm merely a foreigner from a wee country . 
  i do n't give a fuck where you are from . 
  if you feel morally obligated to belittle your own opinion that is on you . 
   invading finland would n't work though . 
  invading finland would be as easy as pressing a big red button . 
  so people who are already paying taxes towards the military , have to pay more taxes to avoid being forced to work for the government . 
  i can say a papercut is the same as decapitation but we both know there is an order of magnitude of difference . 
  there is literally no reason for us at all to have conscription , not a single one . 
  if you are going to go on about character building please state how your vision of conscription is different from slavery . 
   it is about what is best for the country . 
  wasting your young people 's time is n't good for your country . 
  any modern military will walk over conscripts . 
  whilst direct democracy has it 's advantages i 'd say in regards to conscription this is actually showing it 's weakness . 
  the rule of the majority suppressing the rights of a minority . 
   the group eligible for conscription was also in favour . 
  100 % of the group were in favour were they ? 
  maybe you should n't have signed treaties you were n't willing to go through with ? 
  if you want to be treated like infants that 's fine , sign away your sovereignty now . 
  if not , stop acting like little bitches when you are called on your commitments . 
   huffington post definitely has a bias but its not a rag publication . 
  i mean it is a rag , it spins everything so much half the time they no longer have a baring on reality . 
   but me and plenty of people from my part of europe are getting tired of being held to the western european standard . 
  ok , we will hold you to uk standard . 
  all european countries will ignore you !, 
  enjoy . 
  lol . 
   so swiss women have more political rights now for 24 years , than any other european citizen in their country . 
  they have the same rights , finally . 
   i take it this means your knowledge about the advantages and disadvantages of the swiss system ends at the single wikipedia paragraph you seem to be able to quote ? 
  i 'm well aware of the arguments for and against direct democracy . 
  i 'm just not willing to have the conversation with an edgy swiss with something to prove . 
  in-fact the op of this comment chain summarizes both very well . 
   women in switzerland gained the right to vote in federal elections after a referendum in 1971 . 
  [ 1 ] in 1991 following a decision by the federal supreme court of switzerland , appenzell innerrhoden became the last swiss canton to grant women the vote on local issues . 
  thanks for the explanation , it 's very well set out . 
   i will add an explanation why `` we have democracy '' is still valid even without `` direct democracy '' . 
  i did n't mean to imply your direct democracy was not democracy , just that the thread is about things different , and just saying democracy is n't that different !, 
   maybe i should have written `` we have direct democracy ah , if you had said this we would n't be having this conversation . 
  i took ` we have democracy . ', 
  to be a snarky comment . 
   could you explain to me how a representative democracy is not a monarchy ? 
  i do n't really get the question , what are you asking ? 
  how the uk system is different in regards to ` tyranny of the masses ' than direct democracy ? 
  it does , it 's one of the biggest drawbacks of democracy . 
  your system is very susceptible to it as oppose to other systems in europe . 
  so the snarky comment ` we have democracy ' , as if other european nations do not , is pretty stupid . 
   federation of german-speaking states here we go again !, 
  if you are part of the majority it 's fine for sure . 
  parliamentary democracy best democracy . 
   women in switzerland gained the right to vote in federal elections after a referendum in 1971 . 
  [ 1 ] in ** 1991 ** following a decision by the federal supreme court of switzerland , appenzell innerrhoden became the last swiss canton to grant women the vote on local issues . 
  [ 2 ] you have tyranny of the masses . 
   do you really think that the eu is entirely dedicated around destroying your `` british values '' , or that the eu even cares to destroy your `` british values '' ? 
  unlike in relations with foreign powers where it 's resource for resource or trade for trade , the eu is all take take take . 
  none of the members have any reason to listen to us , we 've already given everything !, 
   it was a genuine assumption , as the express has been running on that line since the 1970s . 
  this thread is 27 days old . 
  i 'm not having this conversation . 
   shit shovel : $ 2 romy sans-barrel ak kit : $ 200 barrel blank : $ 30 buying a gun then changing out some parts for shovel parts is not the same as buying a shovel and making a gun . 
  back to bed now , grandma . 
  it is what is commonly refereed to as the tyranny of the masses . 
  spotted the regressive . 
  ` this person disagrees with me so he must read ` x ' ' so wit much smart, 
   i did n't say anything about whether you should leave or not . 
  it 's directly related to the lack of power . 
   claims that your power is underrepresented are nonsense . 
  claims that you do n't hold power are nonsense . 
  power is related to work done , if no work is done , power is 0 . 
   claims that only france and germany have power are nonsense . 
  germany and france are the only two with meaningful power . 
   i certainly rather have the uk leaving than compromise what i consider to be core principles of the union . 
  and herein lies the eu 's problem . 
  hypocritical application of ` eu core principles ' coupled with a blind rush towards integration with no regard for the consequences or willingness to compromise to overcome them . 
  every eu state is all for itself . 
  truly it is unfortunate that the issues that are affecting the uk are not also affecting other eu countries , this does not make them any less valid . 
  as none of you have listened to our repeated reasonable requests we must be blunt and bring up the possibility of leaving in the hopes of finally getting it into your thick skulls . 
  we do n't owe you any of the money we give , we do n't owe you fishing rights in our seas , we do n't owe you free trade , we do n't owe you free movement of workers and we do n't owe you protectionist agricultural measures . 
  the only one of these ` key eu cornerstones ' that benefits us is free trade . 
  we 'd love a common financial zone aswell but i guess only eu integration that suits the germans is allowed !, 
  ukip was a fringe party a few short years ago , now it got 14 % of the vote , a majority of our mep positions and forced the conservatives to promise a referendum . 
  that is the doing of the eu 's unwillingness to compromise . 
   and i did n't say whether you got returns or not . 
  one thing is to say you do n't get returns , another is to say you do n't have power . 
  these are very different things . 
  no , they ar n't . 
  if you can not exert your power then you have no power . 
   you may say france gets more returns than you , but it does n't mean it has more power .
