  this is an army that has been continually developed since ending the chechen war . 
  what major opposition have they faced ? 
  in these wars what proportion of their army did they actually need to deploy ? 
  they have a core of troops that are experienced , in an invasion of the eu , they would need to call in their reserve ( they 'd still be outnumbered over 4 to 1 ) . 
  ignoring the fact that they ca n't afford to actually pay that many soldiers , they will have many many unexperienced personnel . 
   what we 're seeing in syria is actually the opposite of what you 're saying , an organised , logistically sound force with significant technological ability . 
  running a bombing campaign against an enemy with no effective airforce and no effective anti air system is not comparative to an invasion of the eu . 
  of course the russians have ` significant ' technological ability , i said they are a decade behind us , not 100 years . 
   logistically sound force you are comparing a minor bombing campaign to an invasion of the eu . 
  in an invasion of the eu they will need to use more than 1 ship , more than 69 airplanes and more than 0 troops and heavy vehicle . 
  they do not have the supplies or money to run an invasion and conquest of the eu . 
  operating in a friendly nation with no chance of substantial retaliation is a whole different kettle of fish than operating in a hostile country where you do n't have air superiority . 
   have had disastrous experiences with our ability to actually control areas in afghanistan and iraq dealing with hostile insurgency 's surely is relevant to defending the eu   and have run out of resources and relied on the us in our intervention in lybia which is right next door . 
  as i said , we rely on the us for major deployments overseas . 
  i already brought this up , acting as if i have somehow not acknowledged this is farcical . 
   we are disorganised , spend money on redundant system between each other , largely inexperienced with battle let alone cooperation france and the uk do not fall under any of these apart from redundant systems . 
  so there is your solid backbone to the rest of the eu forces . 
  the only people who can invade are russia . 
  in which case they would have to deploy their entire military , in which case they would lose . 
  they are disorganized , are a decade behind in military tech , do n't have the money or supplies to actually run a massive sustained invasion like this scenario entails , largely inexperienced with battle and they also could n't hold afghanistan . 
  they do n't have a qualitative edge , they do n't have a quantitative edge the only thing they do have is a unified command . 
  it 's simply not enough to overcome their deficiencies in other areas . 
   also the eu is most certainly not capable of projecting power outside of europe on any meaningful scale without having to lean on the american logistical network ( see libya or the french intervention in mali ) . 
  yes , i said this in my post . 
   the eu also faces the same issue that the us does in that its costs much more to equip and train most of its forces than say russia or china . 
  and it is worth every extra $ $ $ . 
  it 's been shown again and again that in a conventional fight our forces are far superior because of this extra spending . 
   right ... 
  the dollar figure does not matter because the eu is not a unified military . 
  there is no unified command or anything close to a nato like organizational structure . 
  each country has to maintain their own respective armed forces so there is a ton of redundancy which reduces total force capacity . 
  yes , the ` bang for buck ' is rather poor . 
  however when there is so much buck compared to anyone who could actually threaten us , the bang is more than sufficient . 
  efficiency should be improved but it is not everything . 
   nukes are only valuable as a deterrent against another nuclear power or as an offensive weapon . 
  this is not true at all . 
  the deterrent works because if you invade a nuclear country , your country will be reduced to rubble . 
   there is little that could be done if another country decides to blitz your defenses and seize your major cities . 
  yes there is , you reduce their country into a radioactive wasteland . 
  they now have no backup and now supplies and they are stranded in a foreign land outnumbered by over a 1000 to 1 by the local population . 
  good luck with that occupation . 
   there are a number of countries that could accomplish this there are no countries that can accomplish this . 
  the individual militaries of the uk or france could stop anyone outside of russia invading the eu . 
  if russia invaded the eu they 'd face the same problem everyone invading russia ever did . 
  their supply lines would be going through enemy territory . 
  by the time they reached central europe the eu militaries would have finally got their shit together and deployed and the russians would be defeated , with miles and miles of hostile territory to cross to get back to russia . 
  again , i said the european union is dependent on the us for major overseas conflicts , so i 'm not sure why you think banging on about it as if i disagreed achieves anything . 
  we could deploy to eastern europe easily . 
  it would take some nationalizing of resources such as lorry 's . 
  more worrying is the ammunition situation highlighted in libya . 
  you would think , that that has now been rectified however . 
  the only people who have the capability to launch an attack on the eu are the us . 
  russia is close enough to use it 's own forces but it is virtually impossible for them to launch a surprise attack , any build up of their forces can be matched and the state the russian military is in , the militaries of the uk + france could take them apart even without the rest of the eu . 
   if only this were true . 
  the aggregate military spending figure of europe ca n't be used like that . 
  one of the greatest military expenditures is r&d . it costs a hell of a lot to develop new planes and ships , and european militaries each develop their own separate classes . 
  for aircraft carriers , france has charles de gaulle class , uk has queen elizabeth class . 
  so much of europe 's military spending is on redundant capabilities . 
  the result is that europe gets far less `` bang per buck '' than the aggregate spending figure would suggest . 
  yes it gets far less bang for buck . 
  which still puts it far ahead of anyone with the capabilities to attack it . 
   the shambles that are european militaries was highlighted by libya . 
  this is a place that is right in europe 's back yard , so should not require extensive power projection capabilities . 
  especially as the enemy was one of the worst equipped military forces in the world . 
  i was pretty clear that i was talking about defense . 
  as i said , the eu is dependent on the us for large scale long lasting over seas deployments . 
  this is laughable . 
  the european union is the second highest military spender in the world by a sizable margin . 
  ( though 50 % of that spending is done by the uk and france ) . 
  what it lacks is effective power projection capabilities . 
  the uk and france being the only two really capable of anything outside of europe ( un assisted ) . 
  our nuclear arsenal is not on the same scale as the us or russia , however it is sufficient to send anyone we wish back to the stone age . 
  just not the entire planet several times . 
  so no , the eu is not dependent on us ` defense ' spending . 
  it is dependent on the us when it comes to long lasting large scale foreign interventions . 
  nursery is what you go to before primary school . 
  the first year of primary school is reception . 
  then : year 1,2,3,4,5,6 . 
  then you go to secondary school : year 7,8,9,10,11 . 
  then you can go to sixth form or college : year 12,13 - college student . 
  then you can go to university : student . 
  no it 's not . 
  kindeergarten in the uk is : reception . 
  year 1 is year after reception . 
  it 's like in year 1 when you want to be cool so you write all your s 's as z 's . 
  amend the law or make a new one , 
  even people who hesitate to feed their population do n't stoop to your levels of depredation . 
  when you are advocating actions that even the north koreans hesitate to take you know you are pretty far into the deep end . 
  settle them in different parts of the country , put a restraining order on him seeing the girl . 
   if they have proof that i 've been in a room alone with a strange child , then sure . 
  so you accept the sovereignty of the philippines over your home nation ? 
  as you keep bringing the point back to law , then a comparison of law is entirely valid . 
   it 's clearly defined in the convention on the rights of the child which states : the convention defines a child as any human being under the age of eighteen , unless the age of majority is attained earlier under a state 's own domestic legislation . 
  [ 4 ] you dont have the right to enforce your laws on other nations . 
  retroactively enforcing your law on people running from war is backwards as fuck . 
  enforce them going forward , not retroactively . 
   i think we 're all saying the same thing . 
  heh , maybe   ( a ) offer legal protections , counseling , support , etc. 
  to the girl and make sure that the male can no longer rape the girl this one , it just does n't have to involve any punishment other than not seeing the girl . 
  a restraining order sort thing .
