  please keep your fear mongering bullshit to yourself . 
  preaching hate speech in a public space is illegal . 
  i fail to see how twitter is not a public place . 
  the only reason she is n't in trouble for this is because no governments are yet in the 21st century regarding the internet . 
   if uk was n't so politically standoffish all the time constantly challenging the ` consensus ' is n't standoffish : l, 
   opt in takes away parental responsibility schools take away parental responsibility . 
  solid logic , congratulations . 
   nevermind the fact that not everyone signing up to an isp has children . 
  if they do n't have children then there is little need for them to turn on the parental controls . 
   so tell me where an opt-out system gives parents no control ? 
  it does n't and i did n't say it did . 
  it 's a yes or no question not an opt-in or opt-out . 
  am i talking to a child ? 
  you 're not a real sour lemonade , you 're just an idiot . 
  perhaps learn basic reading comprehension before calling someone an idiot , lol . 
   are you really trying to yap about anecdotal `` evidence '' to someone having a conversation on the internet ? 
  that would be a valid criticism if i were writing an academic paper . 
  i 'm not . 
  ah yes , basic logic and common sense only apply to academic papers . 
   so , what exactly is it i 'm wrong about ? 
  that government should n't be overstepping parental responsibility ? 
  and you 're trying to tell me thats not a nanny ? 
  right . 
  the government is simply providing a tool that a parent can choose to use to help in their parenting . 
  if you think parents should have no control over what their children do then i think you are a moron . 
   how often are tools enforced through opt-in measures ? 
  lol . 
  when you buy a tool you are opting in . 
  you fuckwit . 
   and you sound like a busybody arguing for the sake of arguing . 
  i 'm a bit too old for my parents to be dictating what i watch ( not that they give a shit ) , but whatever makes you puff your chest out son . 
  ok , best you get off to bed before mommy catches you again . 
  filter = hit kid on head with brick til no think smart enough for computer . 
   because people have been talking about limited eu military effectiveness recently . 
  i 'm highlighting one possible cause ok , i get it now , i addressed this issue by specifically referring to the militaries of the uk and france , they already work together and they both are about equal in size . 
  as russia does n't have the strength to overcome these 2 militaries , the rest become surplus to the conversation , yes they could be utilized more effectivly , but either way in the case of russians invading , the eu comes out ahead . 
   `` country x may not be able to provide a viable military force because of the free-rider problem . '', 
  the freerider problem has no effect whatsoever . 
  we already have our militaries , we will only have arguments over who is paying for what when we have a joint military , which we wo n't . 
   i mean that the eu today expects eu member states to be capable of defending other eu member states . 
  in particular , finland and sweden are non-nato members , and probably expect the eu alone to provide defense . 
  all eu members are signatory 's of the treaty of lisbon and thus subject to it 's terms , namely a mutual defense clause . 
  this is already agreed upon . 
   the free rider issue that exists would n't be one citizen of the uk free-riding off another , but some eu member states free-riding off others . 
  that 's a long term affect that has nothing to do with this scenario . 
   my point is just that the economic issue associated with military spending is an issue in-and-of itself , separate from the issues of coordinating forces or taking advantage of economy of scale in militaries ... and that issue was created at the time that the eu established mutual defense guarantees without also establishing minimum military contributions . 
  yes it 's an issue , the eu has numerous such issues , tax havens for instance . 
  i 'm just not entirely sure why you are bringing them up . 
  we 've signed the treaty , we are obligated to help and it is in our own best interest to help . 
  indeed afterwards there would most likely be some recriminations , but that is a bit beyond the scope of ` russia invades the eu ' . 
  this is not government policy but the isps policy . 
  the issue here is not with the government , as we can see by more reasonable applications of it . 
  hey , i did continue our conversation in the current theme but have deleted it , your position is ridiculous , i 'll instead leave you with this . 
   `` aging weapons , poor maintenance and ` rank-and-file officers who do n't want to do anything ' mean the russian military was on the verge of a ` catastrophic crisis ' and if forced into action would most probably have to rely on the use of strategic nuclear weapons , which seem to be the only ones still fully operational . 
  such a somber assessment came recently not from a junior coop-seeking reporter , but from the top itself , none other that russian chief of the general staff and first deputy defense minister army-general nikolai makarov . 
  the general warned , among others , that the russian air force is not procuring sufficient numbers of new modern aircraft and has fewer serviceable aircraft , manned by insufficiently combat-trained pilots , which are incapable of conducting modern era combat operations . '', 
  that is 2009 . 
  russia has neither the quality nor quantity nor will to win a war in europe . 
   this assumes that the uk and france want to handle the eu 's defense themselves , which they may not . 
  under the treaty of lisbon , a mutual defence clause was created , which is a key element of the csdp . 
  about that . 
   defense spending is a classic example of the free rider problem . 
  everyone in a country can benefit -- there 's no way to exclude someone from enjoying the security once it 's been purchased : yes , i 'm sure we would rather resent germany and other such nations at the end of it . 
  i 'm sure they 'd be picking up part of the bill if this scenario came to pass . 
   this means that some people free ride and the good in question becomes under-provisioned -- where even though the whole would rather spend more , it does not do so . 
  you ca n't not pay in the uk or france , so we have two competent modern militaries plus the other militaries of the eu ( some are large , some are not ) . 
  the free rider problem in this scenario does not stop the uk or france , though it is a eu problem to eventually be dealt with . 
   if the eu nations are not comfortable merging their armies -- and i can understand that in this scenario we do n't need to merge our armies , just appoint a joint command . 
  one isp has taken what the government has said in the wrong direction . 
  inform them of that decision by using a different isp . 
   neither france nor the uk can fight a war well this is plainly wrong , both countries can indeed fight a war . 
   they all rely on each other , and if links break for whatever reason europe is defenseless . 
  no , they do not . 
  also this scenario only leaves the us out of the picture , which as i have agreed neuters any overseas deployment . 
  happily europe really is n't that far away from europe !, 
   the british army would n't stand a single chance against russia on its own in a defensive war the ba would thrash the russian army . 
  how would the russians even invade ? 
  they would n't make it over the channel . 
   neither would the french . 
  i 've made it pretty clear that i am talking about the british and french militaries in tandem aswell as the other eu militarizes . 
   both the french and british military had to rush through emergency purchases from the usa because they ran out of ammunition during operations over libya . 
  libya is quite a lot further away than the edges of the eu . 
  also we would have the resources of the rest of the eu available . 
   hypothetically speaking if there was no nato or american presence in europe and russia invaded poland . 
  poland is a part of nato , there is no nato presence and so russia can by definition not invade poland . 
  the us is one country in nato , it is not it 's entirety . 
   there would be discussion and how to organise the deployment of battlegroups . 
  the uk and french military forces already work closely together . 
  no one else in europe has the resources to be at the discussion table to be frank . 
   then there would be problems with public opinion of british soliders fighting in another european war that has nothing to do with them . 
  no there would not . 
  british public opinion is against foreign interventions not self defense . 
  see : falklands conflict . 
   that is why i largely agree with the article . 
  the eu has n't really done much more than force european nations to work together . 
  nato is what kept the peace and the fear of being overrun by the red soviet menace . 
  this is a fundamentally retarded statement . 
  the majority of nato members are european nations . 
  the european side of nato severly lacks the sort of power projection capabilities of the us . 
  the uk and france being the only members with any , and that much less than the us .
