  however a war in europe does not require power projection . 
  it requires the large standing armies and local force that most of the european militaries have built , precisely for this reason . 
  and then of course there is the fact that if the us abandoned us we could turn to china , they are no friends of the russians and i imagine they would jump at the chance to screw the us over . 
  this is of course assuming that nukes ar n't being used because if they are then both sides are losing anyway and the conversation is redundant . 
   i would hate to think what would happen if russia ever became more aggressive towards europe . 
  without the us military , there really would n't be much stopping them . 
  british and french nukes would . 
  if not that , the military expenditure of the uk + france is around 45 $ billion higher than that of russia , so our conventional forces are better aswell . 
  that 's not even adding in the rest of the eu . 
  the eu as a body has the second highest military expenditure on the planet . 
  it is n't a body which is why i reference the military 's of the uk and france who already work closely with each other . 
  not to rain on your parade and all but 50 % of eu military spending is done by the uk and france . 
  can you imagine uk forces being under * french * command ?!, 
  the mere thought makes me shudder !, 
  ( / s incase anyone was unsure ), 
  you think people who have 10,000 toolbars , use ie and probably have a tonne of adware are going to know the good programs from the bad ? 
  doing it at an isp level and giving a clear ; yes or no option is completely reasonable . 
  now if the government were running the filter and it was opt out then you might have a point , the government is not running the filter , they are telling the isps to make a filter and run it . 
  ** i 'm sorry your mum wo n't let you watch porn anymore , this is an issue to take up with your mother not the government . 
  from actual reality ; you are given a choice when you first sign on , one that you can later change . 
   porn was around when i was a kid too , and my parents are as useless with technology now as they were then . 
  they knew fine rightly when i was and was n't looking at porn . 
  whats anecdotal evidence ? 
   its not the governments place to decide what a child can and can not watch within the law that applies to adults . 
  if you are in favour of children being allowed to buy porn mags then your position is consistent , if you do not then your position is incosistent . 
  either way you are wrong . 
   not his place . 
  he is not a nanny . 
  making a tool available is not what a nanny does . 
  you sound like a spoilt teenager who is sad his parents blocked his porn . 
  all that needs to be done is that a company must be able to decrypt its own communications if a warrant is provided . 
   it presupposes that the government controls what runs on every computer everywhere . 
  no it does not . 
   `` this is not about creating back doors ; this is about companies being able to access communications on their network when presented with a warrant . '', 
  this is exactly how it should work , if they can get a warrant for information then that information should be available . 
  if warrants are being given to laxly that is a different issue entirely . 
  you 've made statements , the burden of proof is on you . 
  for instance the new left labour ar n't so fond of the eu . 
  a lot of young people ar n't fond of the eu . 
  polling may show that more young people ( % wise ) than old people like the eu , the divide between yes or no is still around the 50 / 50 mark . 
   i think the issue is they were opt-out filters that were on by default . 
  they are not . 
  when you first connect to an isp it gives you a yes or no option . 
  unfortunately not all parents are programmers capable of creating complex internet filtering programs . 
  also most kids are more tech savvy than their parents !, 
  the government mandating that isp 's must provide an option for parental controls is in no way censorship . 
  it 's simply providing a service that parents can choose to use if they so wish . 
  you 're sweeping generalizations ar n't really based in reality at all . 
   it was one of the key snp pledges for the general election , people knew fully well what voting for the snp entailed and they did it in their droves . 
  this does n't contradict my statement in the least . 
   you want me to show you evidence of something that has n't happened ? 
  you are asking me for something that is n't logically possible , you ca n't prove non-existence . 
  with all the fuss you make over it i just assumed you had some media outlets or atleast blogs that listed these supposed slights . 
   though , it 's quite self-evident in that scotland does not have full-fiscal autonomy which is a prerequisite of devo-max/federalism because you were n't promised it . 
  gordon brown , ex head of the labour party ( the one not in power ) promised ` near-federalism ' . 
  the promises you were given are shown here . 
  http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron-ed-miliband-nick-4265992 you wo n't be getting devo max , it 's such a ridiculously 1 sided idea , you 've already got the best deal of any of the countries in the uk money wise , the barnett formula really does favour you very strongly . 
  the vindictive side of me wishes you had voted to leave , you would have certainly joined the eu and then you 'd have to treat uk citizens the same as your own , i do believe your free university 's would rather quickly perish . 
   there is no need to wait 5 years it really boggles the mind that you 'd be willing to let your countrymen and women be bludgeoned to your point of view with constant referendums . 
  i mean it 's not like the biggest crisis to hit europe since ww2 is happening right now  it 's the perfect time to look after your own and abandon everyone else !, 
   typical nationalist . 
   yes , and you 'll find that the people of scotland chose to elect 56 snp mps in a landslide at the latest elections ( 94.91 % of the total 59 seats in scotland ) to try and ensure that the promises made by the uk parties were kept . 
  half of this statement is fact , half is not . 
   and you 'll find that the people of scotland chose to elect 56 snp mps in a landslide at the latest elections this is true . 
   to try and ensure that the promises made by the uk parties were kept . 
  this is your own narrative . 
   so the population of scotland using their voices ( and votes ) to call for another referendum is somehow cheating the very same people out of their voice ? 
  pretending that the snp was voted in for a single issue really does show the true colours of the scottish independence movement . 
   well , lets see : ` nothing less than a modern form of scottish home rule ' , ` near federalism ' , ` extensive new powers ' were all promised as well as ` devo-max ' 2 days before the referendum in return for a no vote . 
  instead all we 've got are some watered down devolution plans from already watered down smith commission proposals and you 'd have to me making some incredible leaps to suggest that they have even been halfway fulfilled . 
  sorry , im not asking for sources for what was promised , im asking you to show me that they were not fulfilled . 
   the simple fact of the matter is that the no campaign shat the bed at the last second when the polls showed yes in the lead , they made promises of powers that they never intended to keep and are now acting like the victims when they are being held to account for not delivering these powers . 
  it 's a nice narrative but the snp was already gunning for another referendum well before any of these demands could possibly have been met , and that 's after promising to respect the results . 
  if the demands are not met you could justify another referendum in say a minimum of 5 years , 10 if you are being realistic . 
  holding a referendum after referendum until you get your way is a subversion of democracy . 
   the fantastic thing about living in a democracy is that if the people of scotland decide that the matter has not been settled and they choose to elect a party with another one on their manifesto in sufficient numbers then we can have another one . 
  that would be true if we lived in a direct democracy , we do n't , we live in a parliamentary democracy . 
  you had your chance to leave , you voted no . 
  calling referendum after referendum until you get the answer you want is just a cheap attempt to subvert democracy and cheat your countrymen out of their voice . 
   you ca n't promise x , y and z , go back on your word and expect everyone to just accept it graciously . 
  deal with it . 
  what exactly do you think you hav n't had of what was promised ? 
  spoiled kid of the uk throwing a tantrum , no surprise . 
  like government run tinder ? 
  his name is practically a curse word . 
   i hope you are not naive enough to believe that uks intervention in ww2 was to help others . 
  ah , to hear a cynic call other naive . 
  helping others was one of the major reasons for the uk to join ww2 , we declared war when germany invaded poland you see . 
   germany and maybe france are bigger powers than the uk . 
  germany has more influence in the eu , no where else in the world though . 
  france and the uk are equal to a degree , in different areas we each excel . 
   most definitely be another independence referendum for scotland and without the ` will they wo n't they ' eu fears ( which turned off a large number of people ) it will almost certainly come to pass . 
  no there wo n't . 
  you had your referendum , you voted to stay . 
  deal with it . 
  same . 
  you ca n't pretend you are in fast & furious without a gear stick . 
  mm , mb . 
  we did some topics individual to wales aswell . 
  did you cover the world wars etc at all ?
