   i think it 's well accepted that an attack on germany as soon as possible after war was declared probably would have been a swift allied victory . 
  not at all . 
  heck the soviets were allied to the germans at this point , if the germans got desperate enough the red army could have been on our doorstep . 
  you need to read what the person says , not look at their flair and then make up shit in your head . 
   completely abandonned poland to stalin he did no such thing . 
  ignoring the facts to create some sort of betrayal is stupid . 
  the uk after fighting wwii , losing much of it 's power in the process . 
  was in no position to invade soviet russia , especially when the russians had had so long to dig in . 
   putting aside for a moment the fact that you stumbled over this in your last post by telling me that years from now in the future britain would be protecting it 's interests `` the same way it has for the last 100 years ... '' , you are the one who said an economic union did not require a political one . 
  if you can not cite an example then you concede the point as merely your own dismissable opinion . 
  misinterpreting what someone says and then arguing against it does n't make you right . 
  the world is markedly different in terms of globalization . 
  in terms of the uk 's position on the world stage most is the same . 
   if you can not cite an example then you concede the point as merely your own dismissable opinion . 
  hey look , you opinion is on the fallacy list . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_silence the european economic community was founded in the 1950s and is the largest economy on the world . 
  so in the modern day the largest economy in the world is an economic union . 
   that in no way answerrs my question , much as your previous response , to which i was here referring , in no way answered it . 
  right , sorry , i forgot that you need everything spelled out and in simple speak . 
  uk not powerful then , uk no longer stamp on other people to get its way , uk still successfully survive . 
   if the uk insists on a policy of isolation will be laughably one-sided lmao , nice qualifier . 
  the uk the harbringer of freetrade miraculously becomes isolationist even though we have just had a huge trade delegation to china ? 
   it 's exactly the same point ; a united european state . 
  how do we achieve this ? 
  we engage with the international community . 
  it 's pedantry . 
  you managed to explain what moving the goalposts means though ; i guess that means that 's what i did . 
  international community is mutually exclusive to a european superstate . 
  we can engage the international community without joining political unions . 
   yes , that does make it ironic that you keep using the word allright . 
  ah , it seems you do n't understand the meaning of the word ironic . 
  maybe try a dictionary ? 
  ( thats a book that tells you the meaning of words , it 's normally sorted alphabetically . 
  good luck ), 
  wanting to be together with scotland is not the same as wanting to be together with every other country in the eu . 
  its not hypocritical at all , scotland is an important part of the political , economic and cultural build up of the uk . 
  no it 's not . 
  what i say is specifically about turkey whereas what you say is specifically about the big 3 . 
   give me a good example of one lasting without the other . 
  a stupid argument to make , the world is markedly different than it was even 100 years ago . 
   is this a joke answer ? 
  the uk is n't protecting it 's interests now in the way that it did 100 years ago , when it was a dominant power in the world , nevermind in 20 years time when it will be a bit player . 
  100 years ago marked the beginning of wwi and the decline of british domination . 
   okay , let 's expand upon that ; what can britain offer that other nations ca n't , and why would n't nations like brazil , india and china , at this point in the future comfortably developed , grow their own economy without whatever britain would provide ? 
  as britain currently holds the biggest financial exchange on the planet clearly something must be right . 
  trade talks between the pm and china were welcomed so clearly china disagree 's with you . 
   do n't have a moan if you ca n't refute a point . 
  i did not contend a point about international community . 
  by moving the goalposts you avoid defending your point , normally done when a person can not defend their point . 
   well you keep dropping the word superstate so you assumedly believe i 'm a big bad man who wants the men in black coats to come and take all your pounds , guineas and close-harmony choirs away . 
  ironic as you are the one who introduced the word superstate to the conversation . 
   and in the future , when the balance of world power has shifted towards china , india , brazil you do n't need a political union to form an economic union . 
   how will the mighty uk protect it 's people and interests on the world stage ? 
  the same way it has for the last 100 years ...  the might of the city and the interests of it 's bankers for cardiff ? 
  no . . the uk could quiet comfortably build economic links to most of the upcoming powers though . 
   we 'll place our faith there instead of growing an international community , shall we ? 
  you said superstate , not international community . 
  do n't change the goalposts . 
   of course this is me being nice and ignoring such bizarre statements appearing out of thin air as `` i am prejudiced by my vision of an eu superstate . '', 
  yes , i think you are judging the big 3 looking out for themselves as bad somehow because you are obsessed with the idea of a superstate . 
   the problem is the big 3 would be diluted in power , and why would they want to do that ? 
  poland joining the eu weakened the power of the big 3 . 
  therefore it is clear that the big 3 losing power is not a barrier to entry into the eu . 
  your statement is wrong , it 's not the big 3 losing power , it turkey gaining power that is more of an issue . 
  especially as the big 3 do n't have so much power as you seem to be insinuating in the first place , every member of the eu has a veto for fucks sake . 
  none of your explanation mitigates the weakening of the power of the big 3 . 
  so your original statement is still wrong . 
  right i 'll simple it down for you then . 
  i think your opinion is wrong and that you are prejudiced by your vision of an eu superstate . 
  it is a governments job to protect it 's people first and foremost , not to kowtow to other countries visions in the hope of some mystic perfect superstate . 
  poland joining the eu weakens the power of the big 3 . 
  therefore poland joining is in direct conflict with your earlier statement . 
   than creating an effective superstate for the future . 
  perhaps you only see their actions in this light because you have a different vision of the eu to them . 
  for instance the idea of a european superstate is most probably not popular in the uk and many other places in europe . 
  right , because it 's not possible to have real concerns about the eu . 
  mighty yurop will prevail !, 
  i 've always heard that after wwi the french were thought of as weary of war , having taken the hardest beating of the western allies , and the whole idea of the fortifications that were built after wwi ( the maginot line ) was to force germany to go around them , france was defeated because germany advanced much faster than reasonably anticipated . 
   you mean the tatar cleansing , approximately 50 years ago ? 
  yes . 
  obviously . 
  what they did then is now specifically against the geneva convention . 
   you make a fair point , although guess the severity of them actively occupying crimea is slightly lessened by the fact that they simply had to leave their bases and establish their dominance , to no resistance or noticeable detriment of anyone there . 
  either way , russia retaliated and did so very well . 
  i find it absolutely disgusting the west is acting like a hurt maiden considering it 's the one who essentially instigated the argument . 
  the west did not instigate this at all . 
  it 's an internal ukraine divide caused by the corrupt ex president . 
  refusing the eu treaty was just a spark , and it 's not the eu 's fault , offering a treaty is above water as you can get . 
  russia is using the opportunity to grab land . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm talking about when russia , forcibly deported the native population of crimea many of whom died because of it . 
   you must 've read the context of my comment . 
  you 'd have known i 'm not condoning what the russians did - i was simply playing devil 's advocate . 
  then to answer your point , the comparison is n't very valid because russia is actively occupying crimea , whereas the us influenced natives with bribes etc , whilst not exactly nice it 's not on the same level and incidents like this were mostly during the cold war . 
  further , the us signed no treaties saying they would not do this . 
  russia is a signatory to the budapest memorandum of which it is clearly in violation . 
  the west 's involvement has been minimal . 
  russia however has occupied an autonomous part of ukraine and is arming rebels in the rest of ukraine . 
   you do know that crimea has been trying to rejoin russia for decades ? 
  by your logic , if it 's the people 's interests we 're thinking about , then russia has simply sped up the inevitable and provided them with protection from ukraine 's interference with the referendum ( which has happened before ) .
