  if you have a cruise missile that goes 10,000 km . 
  and i have a cruise missile that foes 10,000 km . 
  that does not mean we have equal technology . 
  yours could be bigger , whilst mine might use more sophisticated technology . 
  russia simply can not match the sophistication of modern day us technology . 
  they can make up for it by being smart with their tech or simple quantity . 
  this is laughable . 
  zimbabwe used to be called the breadbasket of africa . 
  we would inspect the goods as a condition of buying them , quality would not drop . 
  the transportation cost would be nothing compared to the cheapness of the african crops , french prices are only competitive because of tariffs that they lobbied for . 
  the conclusion is , we could get cheaper deals in africa , but we do n't because france is a part of the eu . 
   there 's a difference between pissing people off and being fair . 
  if scotland is n't in the eu , or getting the benefits from the eu , why should the eu member states get their benefits ? 
  the answer is , clearly , they should n't . 
  control over fisheries in scotland would be something scotland gives up to join the eu . 
  not something that scotland spitefully take away from the eu . 
  eh , thats fair enough . 
  those icbm 's have practically the same specs ( us ones appear to be slightly better ) . 
  us tech is better than russian tech , that does not mean that the russians ca n't get equal or even better performance , but the technology it is based on will not be as good/at as high a level . 
  crops from france taste the same as crops from africa ... we are talking about farms not luxury foods ... 
   you already shown that you have no idea what you are talking about so i 'm not surprised by this statement which is certainly not true russia does n't have any technological advantages over nato ... 
  does n't mean they ca n't get results out of inferior tech . 
  actually we could get our food from africa cheaper and we 'd be helping the economies of third world countries as well . 
  hypothesis = / = fact, 
  our score went down some when a bunch of people decided that we should let a newspaper hold top secret info in it 's computers . 
  anything the guardian had not already published is clearly judged even by them to be ` dangerous ' . 
  it 's not suppressing freedom of press . 
  the guardian had sensitive files that would be damaging to the uk if they were released . 
  it is clearly the job of the government to get these back , anything the guardian had not already published must have been judged even by them as too iffy to put out there . 
   and if it does n't get all this it will not let any european boats fish in it 's waters . 
  yes , pissing off all major potential trading partners is a good idea . 
  this is called hypothesis not fact . 
  three options that offer only two possible conclusions . 
  so there were two options for what would happen ... 
   the obama administration has expressed concern at what us officials see as britain 's slide towards the european exit door . 
  washington firmly believes that the departure of its strongest partner in europe would also reduce american influence on the continent , as britain so often shares american views . 
  `` it is important to state very clearly that a strong uk in a strong europe is in america 's national interest , '' said a senior us administration official . 
  `` we recognise national states but see the eu as a force multiplier . '', 
  britain 's free trade philosophy is regarded as vital in preventing the union from drifting towards protectionism , while since world war two , successive british governments have been more assertive on a variety of foreign policy issues , and more in line with american thinking , than other major european nations . 
  `` we understand that a europe without the uk would be a weaker europe , '' said a whitehall source . 
   http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/edwest/100194979/a-united-europe-is-not-in-americas-interest/, 
  aye , but the eu is also a rival , if a more palatable one . 
  the two old parties no longer exist ... labour is not the whigs the old tory 's are not the conservatives . 
  the lib-dems shot themselves in the foot with the students debacle . 
  it matters little what the people think , it is what their government does that matters . 
  also you seem to think only in terms of militarily ... in which case of course europe would have been considered a lesser priority than before because there was no military threat . 
   you have de facto two-party system if we had a 2 party system the current ruling party would not require a third party to obtain majority . 
  we have a de-facto three party system, 
   it is not like the uk is really part of the european union , anyway ... well i guess we 'll be having all our money back then . 
  the us is against european integration on a political and military scale . 
  if you think the biggest/one of the biggest economies on the planet is low priority you have your priorities wrong . 
   also uk , france and us gave a promise of help to ukraine in a return of them giving nukes back to russia . 
  nobody helped them and it 's not a suprise considering long history of france and uk not fullfilling their promises . 
  this is incorrect , we did not promise to help , we promised not to attack . 
  russia is breaking their obligation under the budapest memorandum , we are not . 
  ireland is a member of the eu , do n't we have a common defence treaty of some kind ? 
  part of this was because poland fell so quickly and to such powerful forces . 
  ( i assume we are talking about the invasion by the soviets and nazi 's ? ), 
  a truly unified eu would severely decrease us influence in europe . 
  a truly unified eu would severely decrease us influence in europe . 
   ruin our milky way of life . 
  ukip is poaching more from labour than the conservatives . 
   the fact is this is a losing battle and if we go 10 years without a referendum we probably will never have one . 
  the law now requires a referendum every time a new treaty ( like rome or lisbon ) is signed . 
  we should have a referendum , there is no point being in the eu if most of us want out , and having a positive stay referendum would give the ` stay ' argument some proper legitimacy . 
  it 's more of a result of people not thinking the european elections are important as opposed to many people supporting ukip . 
  although ukip has had a surge of support it is not anywhere near the level of the big three . 
  this is pretty naive ... 
  italy ; land of bribery and corruption . 
  yes us troops that ar n't in crimea go home !, 
  i 'm not saying that in a fair referendum crimea would n't have chosen to become russian . 
  i 'm saying that we can not move forward until that is confirmed by a ** fair ** referendum . 
  to be clear fair means all options are considered , not just those pro-russia ( aka staying in ukraine ) , also oversight from ukraine and perhaps eu , also occupation by russian troops would have to not be there . 
  if you think europeans are the most prejudiced people on the planet you 've probably not seen the rest of the planet . 
  humans are pretty prejudgey everywhere . 
  invading a country and then holding floozy referendums precludes compromise . 
  why sorry london ? 
  by less crazy you mean less honest ? 
  i mean i 'll give you it * mentions * the argentinian invasion , although in terms that do n't lay the blame at the invaders feet . 
  so lets see , the falklands population voted 99 % in favour of being british . 
  before the argentinian invasion the uk was involved in negotiations to give the islands to argentina however they took the position that the islanders had to agree to it , therefore a policy of allowing argentina to try and convince the islanders was taken . 
  the military dictatorship of argentina invaded the falklands voiding any claim the argentinians might have to the falklands . 
  the argentinian claim to the falklands is weaker than the uk 's anyway , even if we ignore the british population that has lived there for hundreds of years . 
  infact the only argentinian settlement ever on the falklands was destroyed by the uss lexington in the infamous lexington raid . 
  any argentinian claim to the falklands is over the head of the principle of self determination . 
  there is nothing to negotiate , self determination rules high . 
  the us 's neutrality in the falklands conflict in favour of argentina ( a 3rd world dictatorship ) was a betrayal of the uk . 
  and hilary clinton 's neutrality in argentina 's favour in regards to negotiations is also a betrayal . 
  edit : uk not eu : /, 
  [ i just do n't trust people who support imperialistic ambitions of third world countries against their allies . 
  not that the us has ever been a reliable ally . 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/nilegardiner/100028048/hillary-clinton-slaps-britain-in-the-face-over-the-falklands/ ), 
  hilary 's an ass . 
  yep , it 'll be a shame if we leave but the only way to effectivly kill the leave ` team ' is for a succsesful referendum . 
  it appears the sticking point between our views is the intent of the eu . 
  i think the name change in itself is evidence enough of a change in aim . 
  european community to european union a union implies a much closer bond than community and i think this change in name is representative of a change in the nature of the ec/eu . 
  whilst i am in support of the eu , i am also in support of a referendum to give legitimacy to our membership ( in our own eyes ) , rather than stay a member through a failure of democracy . 
   treaties bind us to implement their provisions , anyway treaties have withdrawl clauses for a reason . 
  we 're also in the council of europe and hence the european court of human rights , for example .
