  crimea has n't been trying to rejoin russia for decades . 
  when russia ethnically cleansed crimea of the native 's it lost any ` moral ' ground for unilaterally invading to ` secure ' the people . 
  crimea can join russia when the people of crimea choose to in a free referendum . 
  a free referendum requires that the people are not intimidated by armed troops , and over-site from a neutral party as-well as interested party 's . 
  that 's hypothesis . 
  the decision would have been a much harder one to make . 
   the russian/french alliance was clearly aimed against germany and austria-hungary . 
  ... we are n't talking about the french-russian alliance . 
   the british joined later and left a creative vagueness in their relations with the french . 
  yes , this is what i am saying . 
   it is exactly this duplicity which created the atmosphere of uncertainty that facilitated the war , since the germans were n't sure that the british would enter the war . 
  if it had been made clear at the start , the war might not have happened . 
  this kind of duplicity , the british were n't the only ones making secret agreements . 
  again , if germany had n't invaded belgium the british would have had no causus belli for war with germany and subsequently it would be less likely for them to get involved . 
  ofcourse if germany did n't go through belgium they might not have even got far into france . 
  i did history a level and covered this extensively . 
  if you actually read what the entente cordiale was you will see that it is not a military alliance . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entente_cordiale british intervention was by no means guaranteed . 
   we were most definitely allied with russia . 
  actually we propped up the ailing ottoman empire in an effort to slow russian advancement in the balkans . 
  we did n't want them getting ports with access to the med . 
  we had border dispuits with them in the east aswell . 
  a lot of these were settled by our entente with them , but it was by no means a military alliance . 
  the entente cordiale was a step forward , but not a military alliance , we were not obligated to defend france . 
   the military alliance of france , uk and russia at the start of wwi the uk was not in a military alliance with france or russia . 
  belgium was not only a pretext , it was also a huge decision , picking france our traditional enemy 's side . 
  covered dresden in history class in secondary school . 
  - shrugs -, 
  if we needed it the rn could just knick some places from the raf or the french . 
  well in a way , i 'm not sure if you can say that the dissolution of roi , ni and a big chunk of scotland into the welsh empire is ireland gaining clay but i wo n't quibble . 
  i 'm not listening . 
  1 wc title , west germany 's do n't count !!, 
   the polling started out with a no vote a sure thing , whenever independence came up you 'd have swathes of comments saying that it would n't happen so there 's no need to discuss it , the polling is now exceptionally close from having been a clear and unchallengeable no vote . 
  this is n't what i 've observed eh . 
   as for devolution , westminster has pretty much shown it does n't want to go any further with it , labour who brand themselves as the party of devolution have already set out their proposals , they are a pittance compared to what their commission suggested and even at that they almost split the party in order to push it through . 
  it 's also shown that it is willing to do whatever the people of the area want , whether it wants to or not is immaterial if it will . 
  so to conclude westminster is not infact scared of offering scotland independence or devolution ? 
  this does n't seem very accurate from my perspective . 
  from the start the polling has been pretty close with a slow growth in yes votes , i still believe a no vote is most likely . 
  you seem to be interpreting westminster as being some evil bad guy who never believes anyone will leave . 
  in reality the constituent parts of the uk have demanded and gotten devolution , each to their own amounts and tastes and if scotland choose so they may leave the union entirely , but that is not the only option , if the scots feel that they 'd like to remain in the union but have more devolution ( imo the best option for all ) then that is perfectly fine with westminster , an important point to be made . 
  or a really shit method of finding out data , that includes the use of phone surveys . 
  who the hell answers phone surveys ? 
   from a phone survey i 've found the problem . 
  only a specific demograph actually answer phone surveys surely . 
  britain did n't annex northern ireland , it annexed/took ireland and then gave the south independence ( the south took independence ) . 
  the morale 's or rights of the situation are not comparable however because the act of union ( between ireland and the uk ) happened in 1800 and the crown of ireland act in 1542 , and ireland had been invaded before that . 
  unless of course you mean to say the worlds morales have not moved on since then . 
  if we were living in the 1800 or 1500s both acts are just your run of the mill imperialism , looking at them in 2014 they are totally unacceptable and morally repugnant . 
  the situation in regarding the rights of the people living in the place is comparable i think . 
  in northern ireland you have the ethnic irish and then descendants of people who were placed their from the uk ( this is probably a simplification ) , in crimea you have the tartars and the ethnic russians . 
  this situation is a tricky one because you have to decide whether the ` natives ' get more of a say than the others , but the people there now are the descendants not the actual people who moved . 
  this situation is dealt with these days by the geneva convention wherein you may not move your people into territory that you are occupying or forcibly deport the people of that territory , of course the geneva convention did not exist back when the uk invaded ireland , and i 'm not sure if the ussr was a signatory of the geneva convention ( and the specific article ) but if they were they broke it when deporting crimean tartars from crimea in 1944 . 
  i 'm sorry for any mistakes i may have made , please point them out if you spot any . 
  and half the population vote labour or tory blindly based upon their area 's allegiance . 
  an uninformed populous is not an excuse to take away their democratic right . 
  also you are probably overstating , just because some people have not come to the same conclusion as you and prefer different sources of news . 
  i always forget fptp : / i still think it will be close , but you are right in what you say . 
  if we look at the polling data  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election neither party will be able to hold a majority . 
  the conservatives make much better partners than labour . 
  the libdems already have arrangements with the conservatives and the conservatives promise a referendum which should bring in the ukip supporters . 
  whilst labour are anti referendum . 
  anyone who thinks this election is n't going to be extremely close is deluding themselves . 
  although it does appear that ukip are splitting the labour vote to a slightly lesser degree , i 'll give you that . 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2014/03/ukip-threat-labour-not-north yes they are . 
  i guess i am wrong on the topic of ` everything ' of the us 's is better than that of russia 's . 
  what i meant ( and i know i 've made a mess of saying it ) is that us r&d is ahead of russia 's , and their ability to actually build their stuff is much better . 
  so the us 's tech base is much better than russia 's . 
  perhaps i will do some reading up on russian military hardware . 
  thanks for an interesting conversation :p, 
  please do n't be such a moron . 
  apart from major decisions such as seceding sovereignty to a foreign body . 
  this is established in precedent and now law aswell . 
  apart from major decisions such as seceding sovereignty to a foreign body . 
  this is established in precedent and now law aswell . 
  ukip are splitting the labour vote as much as the tory 's . 
  you act as if there are no reasonable arguments against the eu ( there are ) whilst then going on to say that we should n't listen to the electorate because they are too dumb to see a lie . 
  it really is odd how so many of eu supporters are so anti-democratic , does n't say anything good about the eu that . 
  it 's not your decision to make and it 's not the governments decision to make either . 
  a referendum is the only way to go . 
  some people seem to think they are ` cool ' and ` edgy ' by hating on the tory 's . 
   take a look at pak-fa for example your comparing a plane that has n't even been brought into service yet to a plane that has already been in service but had no opposition and so was pointless because the chinese and russians lagged behind so much ... also these independent reviews all seem to note the lack of data given about the pak-fa because it 's secret ...  there are better tanks then abrams there are better helicopters then apache there are better rifles then m4 . 
  you seem to be comparing one offs with mass line units . 
  it would be more correct to say the us * and * * the * * west * have a tech edge against everyone else . 
  as i 've repeatedly said russia can match the capabilities in some areas , but their ` tech ' is less sophisticated and at the end of the day there are only so many ways you can make a sword so of course some technologies are ` complete ' and in those cases you will find parity . 
   http://aircraft.wikia.com/wiki/f-22_raptor_versus_sukhoi_pak-fa so lets say the f-22 and the pak-fa have similar capabilities . 
  the us introduced the f-22 in 2005 . 
  the pak-fa will be introduced in 2016 , only prototypes have so far been built . 
  also according to that link the pak-fa 's stealth is slightly worse because the us have been doing ` this ' for far longer . 
  the west is just technologically ahead of everyone else , sure the gap is close and perhaps even closing , but for the moment we can outclass everyone else . 
  i see where you are coming from . 
  but the reason russia has better anti-ship missiles is because the usa uses a different doctrine . 
  ( as you say ) if the us suddenly decided to design a top of the line anti-ship missile it would be much more sophisticated than the russian equivalent . 
  the us 's tech base is just far superior to russia 's . 
  even though with inferior technology you can still achieve similar results . 
  ( more complicated is n't always better ), 
  i mean if i build a sword out of this super awesome magical metal , and you build a sword out of steel , you 'll be able to pretty much replicate my abilities except for in the most extreme of circumstance . 
  you think they ca n't raise meat and vegetables in africa ? 
  wow . 
  we are speaking about crops , not luxury foods .
