  you are being overtly hostile , check yourself before you wreck yourself . 
   the fact that you downvote everything i reply even though it 's rational is telling enough for me not to continue this debate . 
  you 've created a huge strawman , thats a logical fallacy , you hav n't been rational at all . 
  that is why i am downvoting you . 
   but he simply said that the opposite of war might be a better answer . 
  no he did n't . 
  he said in a very cliche movie like way that hate is not the answer , love is . 
   we 've been waging war in the middle east for decades , what has that brought us ? 
  not that this is particularly relevant to my objections to the statement we are discussing but : with the wars in the middle east we have been occupying this half committed attitude , we have neither committed to actual war or backed off and this half assed attitude is a problem . 
  we could take out isis as a state in a month . 
  what we do instead is bomb it and do n't commit . 
  we could raise proper border controls and back out of the middle east completely , let them fester on their own but we do n't , we half ass it . 
  this is the root of that problem . 
  my mindset that saying love is the answer when over 100 people have just been massacred is fucking out of order ? 
  this is n't hollywood , giving the badguy a hug is not going to change a thing . 
  i hav n't advocated for more war , nor have a given my position on isis . 
   more importantly , are fully supportive of an outright counter strike against syria , meaning they want actual war ? 
  i think , despite all of this , we have to at least try and stay calm and be rational about how to proceed , or this may end very badly . 
  when someone declares war on you , you do n't get to decide if they 've declared war on you , it 's already happened . 
  this is n't star wars , this is the real world . 
   germany is only poor because it had taken development aid to an extreme 25 years ago , adopting 17 million dirt-poor people from a second world country and then spending 2 trillion dollars or so on building infrastructure for them . 
  despite all this , west germany itself is still richer and more equal than just about any major western european country ... 
  if you are going to go cold war on this , west germany is so much richer than east germany because the west poured capital into it to show the east the benefits of capitalism . 
  i meant the specific article , though the one you linked just now looks like some decent writing . 
  goddamn scottish imperialism . 
  is it satire ? 
  i do n't think any german is going to back a ` just following orders ' argument . 
  they are responsible for what they do . 
  ( inb4 yes the uk is also responsible for it 's decisions ) . 
   i 'm surprised this is not one of the main issues in the uk . 
  it is . 
  every progressive party ( + ukip ) is campaigning for it at the moment . 
  europe is n't democratic at all by world standards . 
  while , even sweden favored the communist party of china in 2015 , so did every polled country on earth , including ones that china had invaded . 
  statistics are fun . 
  if you wish to be part of the privy council you need to take the oath , otherwise you will not be able to handle security data . 
   how is it the fault of the eu that your murdoch media sucks ? 
  it had nothing to do with the media lol . 
  do n't talk about issues if you hav n't even done a basic google search on them . 
   `` partly , in the aim of creating a federal europe two further communities were proposed , again by the french . '', 
  treaty of rome . 
  this is n't actual text from the treaty of rome , i do n't really give a shit about someones narrative of it . 
   european view * . 
  we have countries in europe that wants to work together even when it does n't suit just their country . 
  on the other hand we have you guys who seem insistent of cherry picking where to integrate and changing the eu to only suit the interests of the uk . 
  you are acting out . 
  it is not the fact that you oppose a federal europe that annoys us . 
  it is the fact that you want to be in the club with all the positives and none of the negatives . 
  you like integration where it suits you but you 're unwilling to integrate when it gets a little tough . 
  you 're acting like a spoiled brat . 
  german view * . 
  we do n't have countries in europe that wants to work together even when it does n't suit just their country . 
  on the other hand we have you guys who seem insistent of cherry picking where to integrate and changing the eu to only suit the interests of germany and france . 
  you are acting out . 
  it is not the fact that you suggest a federal europe that annoys us . 
  it is the fact that you want to be in the club with all the positives and none of the negatives . 
  you like integration where it suits you but you 're unwilling to integrate when it gets a little tough . 
  you 're acting like a spoiled brat . 
  hypocrite . 
  well it 's a good thing he did n't then . 
   `` you will not know or understand of any manner of thing to be attempted , done or spoken against her majesty 's person , honour , crown or dignity royal , but you will let and withstand the same to the uttermost of your power , and either cause it to be revealed to her majesty herself , or to such of her privy council as shall advertise her majesty of the same . 
   `` you will in all things to be moved , treated and debated in council , faithfully and truly declare your mind and opinion , according to your heart and conscience ; and will keep secret all matters committed and revealed unto you , or that shall be treated of secretly in council . '', 
  he is a republican so this symbolic act is fine , as long as he said the oath ( and so can be privy to the privy council ) . 
   either british media/population were unable to read or they purposely mislead themselves . 
  lets start here . 
  it is common knowledge that the eec was missold to the british public , yes . 
   a british europe would not meet the requirement because it would happen outside the framework put up . 
  there is no framework to a promise of ` ever closer ' . 
   i think all other nations of europe are aware of the fact that a closer union does indeed mean a political union . 
  if you ca n't handle legitimate opposition to the german view when we are this close then why should we think you can handle legitimate opposition in a future where we are closer ? 
  when we argue for further integration you stonewall us and yet when we do the same we are somehow acting out . 
  hypocrites , the lot of you . 
  it will hurt uk citizens who go to scrounge benefits from other nations ? 
  ok , good . 
  benefits can only be the same for all eu citizens when all eu nations have a common benefits policy . 
   not really no . 
  the current eu is built upon the rome treaty . 
  a british europe would n't be . 
  a british europe would be a closer union and therefore meet the requirement . 
   if you really thought you could join the european community and not have it evolve into a closer union then you 're incredibly stupid and naive . 
  1 ) i was not a voter in the referendum . 
  2 ) the eec was not marketed as a political union . 
  3 ) ever closer union does not imply federalization , that you and your ilk so rabidly lie about this is astounding . 
   turning the eu into a political union has never been some secret plan . 
  it has been the objective from the start . 
  revisionism is so fun . 
  if they do n't then what harm does reforming migrant benefits do ? 
  surley it would be totally irrelevant to them and this argument need not be made . 
  pfft . 
  we agreed to the idea of an ever closer union . 
  we could invade and conquer you and still meet that requirement . 
  you should stop pretending it 's some kind of binding federal sentiment . 
  wales wo n't leave . 
   what other british users tell it seems that the eu is only a talking point in the british politics when politicians are looking for a scapegoat ... 
  this is what the smear campaign against the anti eu party said yes . 
  it 's not actually the case . 
   the uk always getting it 's `` extra sausage '' and demanding stuff and we are sick and tired of eu hypocrisy . 
  services are to us what manufacturing is to the germans . 
  the eu has the second highest military spending in the world by a large margin . 
  the combined military expenditure of the uk + france is the 3rd highest military expenditure on the planet ( $ 15 bn behind china , $ 35 bn above saudi arabia . ),
