  this hypothetical is to do with the situation in the future if one is created . 
  what cameron says is not binding , he will not be in office forever , it is highly unlikely he will even be in office next term . 
  in solange ii [ 10 ] the german constitutional court held that so long as eu law had a level of protection of fundamental rights substantially in concurrence with the protections afforded by the german constitution they would not longer review specific union acts in light of their own constitution . 
  initially , in internationale handelsgesellschaft , [ 11 ] known as the solange i case , the ecj ruled not even a fundamental principle of national constitutional law could be invoked to challenge the supremacy of directly applicable community law . 
  this had created a serious conflict between the ecj and the german constitutional court . 
  czech republic [ edit ], 
   i mean seriously , who wants to use money that weighs nearly half a kilo . 
  euro 's and dollars literally no different from monopoly money . 
  real money has some weight behind it . 
  being weakened in such a manner is not a crisis . 
   uk is one of the most powerfull country in the eu , if uk leaves eu , eu is weakened : brexit is a crisis . 
  only in some strange universe where the uk actually dissapears when it leaves . 
  in reality the uk leaving should still maintain trade and such . 
  it will mean a lessening of the eu budget because the uk are net contributors but it is a survivable change for the eu . 
   he asked for more then what he got . 
  negotiations last more then one day , they were meetings before thursday . 
  he asked for nothing , had nothing reduced to less than nothing and came away happy . 
   political will to resolve it is recent and since then some thing have been agreed on . 
  the fact there are still some points unresolved does n't mean they wo n't . 
  and the same can be said about eurozone ( but less recent and more points resolved ) . 
  the eurozone still has n't been resolved , the migrant crisis doesnt look like it will be resolved anytime soon . 
   also , as a query of mine , which of you would be comfortable paying tax to the eu to raise an army and dissolving most of your own armies ( i 'm interested how people from larger countries versus people from smaller member states would answer this ) ? 
  i do n't believe that a european army could be trusted to protect our overseas interests . 
  i also do n't trust many of the eu countries to assign a reasonable military budget . 
   how would you organise it ? 
  like a national army . 
   would it be just cooperation between 28 different states or a single army ? 
  a single army . 
  there is no point in cooperation between 28 states being called an army , that is just the uk + france + other . 
  if you want an eu army it has to be 1 force and each country has to pay their fair share towards it . 
  28 different forces have to much redundancy , everyone will focus on defense so only the big spenders will be able to afford power projection , if it is one force then we can cut out overlap and have a more efficient military . 
   would national armies dissolve completely ? 
  yes . 
   how would you organise production and specialisation of military equipment and military research for a federal army in various countries without destroying industries in some of them ? 
  we will have to have standardised equipment across the army , the losses in industry will just have to be accepted . 
   how would you handle favouritism and military lobbying by certain countries ? 
  anyone who thinks a eu army is n't going to be uk and france lead is kidding themselves . 
  our military budget combined accounts for 50 % of all eu military spending . 
  whatever anti-corruption methods we use in our own armies and then scale that up , i 'd say look at the us but actually we probably want to avoid what they 've done . 
   even if eu disagree on some points at the beginning and it takes time to negotiate , they usually come to an agreement at the end . 
  the current migrant crisis is showing just how wrong you are here . 
   multiples resolved crisis can prove that especially the last one where a deal as been find to avoid brexit . 
  brexit is not a crisis . 
  a crisis is the eurozone crash or the migrant crisis . 
  the only reason the eu has managed to agree with cameron is because he asked for virtually nothing and it still took him hours of negotiation to get that . 
  our benefits are payable from entry otherwise . 
  whilst in germany and many other eu nations you have to contribute first . 
  evening the stage is not being an exception . 
  the eu 's lack of united voice , vast wealth inequality and multiple ongoing crisis 's mean it is much more susceptible to harsh economic measures than the uk is . 
  in the event of brexit the post-exit negotiations will not be so onesided as you seem to think . 
  germany has to go too , what with the buisness about german law supersceding eu law . 
  then we have france with the cap , so no france either . 
  getting opt-outs and being selfish is exactly like most of the eu , so i guess we 'll be staying . 
   why should the stronger party just freely hand over their leverage exactly , the uk should demand everything it can . 
  the eu ca n't afford another euro crash , it would be the end of the eurozone as we know it , at the least . 
  the rebate is n't special treatment , it 's re-balancing the special treatment of france and others . 
  france pays the most into the rebate because their special treatment ( cap ) is the only reason they still have an agricultural industry . 
   they all took to the stage for the european election debates and described federal goals . 
  i 'll take your word because im too tired to watch that : l  people vote for parties parliamentary democracy already has plenty of flaws , they are exasperated by the lack of turnout or interest in eu votes . 
  eu democracy is a sham . 
   not going by european parties they 're not . 
  it 's a nice caveat i 'm sure . 
  a ) other than your word in what way are they federalist . 
  b ) people  parliament . 
  when the uk pushes integration of the financial sector and germany + co , shut it down where is the outcry against those who dare stop integration ? 
  the hypocrisy is unreal . 
  federalists are a minority in europe . 
  you leave , we have just as much right as you . 
  the european leaders agreeing on what to have for tea is unlikely , them all agreeing on kicking a nation from the eu is laughable . 
  so the situation currently is 300,000 net migration per yer . 
  of which about 50 % is from the eu . 
  so there is the option of closing off migration from outside the eu , i just ca n't see any moral ground for such an action at all though , eu countries already have a free movement , cutting out our other migration just to avoid problems with the eu seems weak , we are a global nation . 
   and you get some political influence over whole of the union . 
  do we ? 
  cameron 's current demands are absolutely tiny and he has been over there negotiating for days . 
   i still do n't see the reason not to participate in the eu . 
  the absolute lack of empathy from any of our european partners ? 
   the uk has always been an active actor on the european continent , why retreat into the cliffs of dover now ? 
  well cameron is doing a good job of showing us we ca n't do anything from inside the eu , so what left is there to try but out ? 
  also , i 'm actually on the fence about the eu , i 'm just not very happy with how and what cameron is doing right now . 
   this deal is an absolute shame for all eu nation states . 
  it has truly shown how petty and divided are the eu nation states . 
   it clearly proves that some countries have more power than others truly seeing many individual nations standing in the way of emergency measures so that they can eke out as much benefit for themselves as possible has been an eye opener . 
   some respect common rules , others do n't i too , find the bailout of the euro by non-euro countries disgusting , how germany managed to swing it i do not know . 
   all eu member states should have rejected this . 
  yep , unfortunately the benefactors of the current benefits situation forced this to be a uk only solution . 
  well the most obvious one is the free movement of workers . 
  our infrastructure simply can not cope with the mass of immigrants . 
  the eu needs to either allow us to cap eu immigration or it should be subsidizing the crumbling social services that are affected . 
  just for the record because i ca n't tell if you ` got it ' . 
  i 'm joking , my original statement was ridiculous . 
   so the uk is more central hemispheric than european ? 
  what ? 
   listen , the whole point of the eu was to decrease war and foster growth among the lesser european nation . 
  no , it was not . 
   the greater powers must always shoulder more wieght to make it work . 
  the uk does n't mind being a net giver to the eu , it minds being completely ignored on every single concern it raises . 
   besides , i believe germany scoffs at your claims of paying for everything . 
   uk is estimated to profit from the open market , while some countries , like the fringe ones , may suffer slight negative effects . 
  there are benefits to the eu , they just do n't warrant the amount we pay in , imo .
