  i just find issue with the victim complex scotland seems to have developed . 
  yes there are issues with representation that need to be addressed and independence is a possible solution , that does n't equate with the english being the devil . 
   what will be the impact on eu ? 
  germany 's position as ` leader ' of the eu will be much enhanced . 
  the federalists may go rabid . 
  depending on how the uk does outside the eu , other eurosceptic nations may also think about leaving . 
   who will be affected the most ? 
  that depends on the post brexit deal . 
  if things turn nasty then the uk will be hurt pretty bad and the most vulnerable areas of the eu will also take some heavy hits . 
  which i ca n't imagine will be good for stability in the eu . 
   what are likely measures to be taken by the eu ? 
  it depends on what the uk asks for after brexit . 
  punitive measures are extremely unlikey as any such measures would be answered in kind , needless suffering is not usually very popular policy . 
   what will most likely not change , and what will change , from the common eu citizen 's pov ? 
  that all depends on how successful the uk is after brexit . 
  i 'd argue that there is not a common eu citizen perspective to change , at this time . 
   how long until the vote has practical implications ( i.e. 
  what does it take to implement it ? ), 
  the mere existence of the vote is already having practical implications , the fundamental changes will only really come after the vote , in the 2 years where the exit is organised . 
  the discussion is about people already in the country 's not about those moving to . 
  please keep on topic . 
  in which case the people in the uk mostly come from places where there are no jobs , that is why so many people have immigrated . 
  whilst people who have left the uk are much more likely to be pensioners who already have money , the uk also has a much better job market that can much more readily accept people back into the uk . 
  deportation of eu citizens in the uk will hurt the eu far more than deportation of uk citizens from the eu will hurt the uk . 
   an eu citizen will lose the right to freely move to the uk . 
  an uk citizen will lose the rights to all the 27 members in the rest of the eu . 
  in my ears that 's a loss for the uk citizen . 
  this point , which is a different point , i still do not agree with . 
  migration flow between the eu and the uk is net towards the uk . 
  for a middle class person who wants to move somewhere because of culture or some other such reason it is a bigger loss for the uk . 
  for people who are desperately looking for employment it is a loss for the eu . 
  no , it 's really not . 
  the only way a new scottish referendum would be at all valid is if scotland votes significantly differently to the rest of the uk in the eu referendum . 
  it should also require a super majority ( or atleast an inbetween of a super majority and majority ) , so as to demonstrate an actual change of opinion in scotland over a few % change . 
   it 's telling when `` force tension '' means do n't be shit on and say thank you for the honour . 
  please , tell me how much you get shit on . 
  you get subsidised the most out of any other part of the uk . 
  you have the most devolution out of any other part of the uk . 
  your nationalist party is the most over represented part in the house of commons . 
  your university education is free but you only maintain that via a loophole in eu law . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barnett_formula actually you know what , it would have been great if scotland left , truly it would have been hilarious when you realized you would n't be able to afford free university education if you had to treat uk citizens equally . 
  you would have been forced into the euro , or into sharing our currency with no control over it and this oil price crash , oh my . 
  you say that you can make it on your own and yet you take the most subsidy out of anyone when other places are in dire need of it . 
  i do n't know how you think you are hard done by . 
  you had your referendum , you voted to stay , now the snp want to go back on their word and argue for another . 
  holding referendum after referendum on the same issue until you get the answer you want is to make a charade of democracy . 
  the snp are dishonest and dishonourable . 
  she knows . 
  she also knows the only way for her party to maintain it 's popularity is to force tension with westminster . 
  that depends on the post-brexit deal between the uk and the eu . 
   i know of noone ( zero humans ) who propose handing over control of an armed force to the eu as it stands today . 
  i 'm just going to check now because clearly you are having trouble comprehending . 
  is english your first language ? 
  my original comment , is a statement saying i do not support an eu army , followed by what i would want an eu army to look like if there was one . 
  if you do not understand what a hypothetical situation is , then there is no point trying to have a discussion . 
   implicit in the support for an eu army ( in the sense that it would actually be an eu army ) is also institutional reform . 
  you ca n't have institutional reform without the permission of all 28 member nations . 
   so yes , the idea that a member state could contribute less or force the spending level to what they want is a straw man . 
  you 're presenting an institutional arrangement which noone wants or would support to argue your case ; textbook strawman , `` hip '' as it may be . 
  fallacy fallacy . 
   for an eu army to have any hope of taking off ground it would have to operate under a democratic mandate and not be subject to vetos ( ie intergovernmentalism , ie current eu ) this is not how the eu works , infact there is no possible mechanism in the eu for this to take place . 
  to create such a mechanism would require the go ahead of all 28 nation states . 
  any hypothetical leading to a eu army requires the permission of all 28 memberstates somewhere along the line . 
  please stop misrepresenting the facts . 
   you could argue that the electorates in some member states have an irreconcievable difference in appropriate defence spending though , but that is a different argument as far as i can tell . 
  working on making your own strawman ? 
  careful now . 
   that is a strawman if i ever saw one . 
  you clearly do not understand what a strawman is . 
  i know stating fallacies is ` cool ' and ` hip ' but you need to learn what they are first . 
   how on earth can you critize the idea of an eu army , ie a single army funded through a single budget by saying that individual member states would not be willing to contribute enough , when that arrangement would see them forced to contribute proportionally the same . 
  the eu army budget would be decided by the eu , that means that it needs the agreement of every nation in the eu , all 28 . 
  i do not believe all eu member states will agree to a 2 % gdp military budget and anything substantially less than that is simply not acceptable in my eyes . 
  not everything is about ` strength ' and ` weakness ' . 
  the uk leaving will be a step backwards for the eu but it 's not insurmountable , likely the uk and the eu will still have incredibly close relations even as separate entities . 
  much bigger threats to the eu are the migrant crisis , the ukraine crisis and the euro crisis . 
  the shock will be felt much heavier in the eu . 
  countries where they already have high unemployment , getting millions of citizens back who will need to be paid benefits . 
  whereas the uk will get many pensioners back and for those who can work , there are plenty of jobs . 
  spain has a huge youth unemployment problem . 
  their unemployed are coming to the uk , in exchange for our pensioners . 
  our pensioners do not take up jobs , and add to the economy . 
  in spain 's case , both sides of the migration are beneficiary . 
  and eu citizens in the uk will lose the exact same rights . 
  turnabout is fair play . 
  we 're good , bro . 
  we do n't have historical documentaries like braveheart to guide us , 
  well then it 's a good thing nicola sturgeon is n't the one who decides if scotland gets another referendum . 
  ` as long as you agree with us then we will do what you say . ', 
  well i 'm convinced . 
   i have no idea what replying to here . 
  it seems you 're mixing the concept of one unified army and combined armed forces a ` la nato on purpose just so you can hit your strawman with your stick . 
  you evidently do n't know what a strawman is then . 
  stop with the fallacy fallacies . 
  i do not support a coalition military that is why i am arguing that if there is an eu army , it has to be a single force . 
   that 's the current situation !, 
  you are not addressing the proposed alternative . 
  there is no proposed alternative , the op is asking for people 's opinions , he did not give a proposal . 
  my statement that you are referring to here is to do with current affairs and why i do not currently support the creation of an eu army , this has little to do with what i envision and eu army looking like . 
  i already said i do not support the idea of an eu army .
