  guns do n't just keep working , eventually the old guns would be unusable . 
  ( which is why being able to control flow of guns from outside is important ) . 
   banning drugs has n't made the supply disappear drugs are much easier to smuggle than guns , they are also much easier to make . 
   so a ban on legitimately obtained guns wo n't do anything about illegal guns . 
  what a farcical statement . 
  decrease the number of guns and there are less guns for criminals to obtain . 
  the problem is of course outside sources , which make the idea much more complicated and frankly at the moment impossible . 
  still it should be an aim for the future . 
  hungary 's military spending is around 0.8 % of it 's gdp . 
  still waiting for you to put down your angry birds game i guess . 
  that 's actually pretty shocking . 
  mind you 'd need a super majority i imagine for the actual governments of those countries to turn their back . 
  i ca n't imagine we would let them to be honest , though in truth i have faith that france would not try to abandon us . 
  is that in the event of a russian invasion ? 
  rather strange , i 'd expect better of france tbh . 
  do you have a link ? 
   it would take a very long time for the u.s to ship enough men and equipment over to europe to deal with a russian attack no actually it would n't . 
  we already have sufficient in europe to deal with a russian conventional attack . 
  reinforcements from the us would only clinch the deal . 
  the uk + france could deal with a russian conventional invasion . 
  let alone the entire eu . 
  if you add in the us it becomes a walk in the park . 
  before you reply please go ahead and check the military budgets of the nations involved , then the gdp of the nations involved . 
   however , going back to the original point of this comment , even though nato has not ruled out first strike options , doctrine wise , and sanity wise , nato does n't escalate to nuclear warfare except in the most dire of circumstances . 
  no one wants to be the one who kills hundreds of millions of people around the world . 
  if it looks like we are going to lose we have the nuclear option , so russia can never win this fight . 
  we have first and second strike capability . 
  russia know this , so russia are not willing to mutual destroy eachother . 
   and if western europe did not live up to it 's end of the bargain far more likely that the us would not live up . 
  half your population ca n't even find ukraine on a map . 
  i mean i heard the entire population of romania is moving to the uk anyway so there should be lots of space for refugees , no ? 
  but casus belli was so close :'(, 
  the ussr satellite states did n't contribute 25 % of the entire unions military spending , 
  it wo n't be in the near future . 
  it 's doubt full if even in the long run that will happen . 
  the differences are too large at this point . 
  the us is the most important part of nato 's offensive capability and by a long way at that . 
  in the matter of defense they are not entirely necessary . 
  if the russians did anything in any nato or eu country we would break off an alliance with them ( the russians ) straight away . 
  ah yes , the scenario where russia somehow fully mobolizes all of it 's armed forces without us noticing . 
  ofcourse it is still irrelevant , our nuclear deterrent is 24/7 . 
  the day after war was declared the uk started bombing german positions . 
  6 days after war was declared british troops arrived in europe . 
  nice revisionism though . 
  they achieved their early victories through vastly superior strategic and tactical planning , aka the most effective army . 
  thanks for the conversation , was interesting . 
   let me be clear , i am not saying chamberlain did n't want peace in europe , i am just saying his desire for peace in europe did n't arise out of some `` kumbaya save the whales world peace forever '' sentiment , but out of a pragmatic `` holy shit what if europe gets wrecked , what then for britain '' . 
  granted he may have felt a twinge of pain specifically for the polish people , but he did n't mobilize the uk into total war to assuage that twinge alone . 
  yes , there were no doubt elements of both and to truly understand why the decisions were made i 'm sure we would have to be there . 
  i 'd put to you that the idea that it was only self serving is completely false , the uk could well have better served itself by not entering that war , i assume there would have been debates to this point and our allies in europe were most likely one of the factors used to defend the taking action side . 
  another point i would raise is does motivation in this issue even matter ? 
  we were bound to defend poland and we gave everything we could to meet that obligation , even if we did it for 100 % selfish reasons did we not try to the best of our abilities to liberate the people of poland . 
  we did n't have ideas of conquest in europe , we did n't want to occupy anyone , if we had had the strength poland would have been freed . 
  so that is why i take so much issue with this idea of a ` betrayal ' , we demonstratively tried with all our strength , it was not enough . 
  if they blame us for that then i say why may we not blame them for losing in the first place , tit for tat and all that . 
   when a nation gets involved into total war they do n't do it because it seems like a fun way to spend a few years , it 's because the country has interests they ca n't always say out loud at once for various reasons the idea that you can not have more than 1 motive for something is false . 
  and infact i think you are doing neville chamberlain an injustice , he worked desperately for peace in europe and i think he meant it . 
  speeches are for the people , whos mandate you need to wage war . 
  if the people go to war for a speech about defending poland , then the people are going to war to defend poland . 
  which of course leads on to your point about saddam . 
   speeches are not proof of true motivation and purpose . 
  saddam had wmds remember , check the speeches !, 
  there were two motivations for iraq . 
  one was the motive of the deceptors , blair and the like who lied to the public and military . 
  but the other motive was also a true motive , it 's the motive the militaries who went there and the people who supported those militaries believed and were motivated by . 
  to say it did not exist is clearly incorrect . 
  which admittedly leaves us a bit of a dilemma , is a motive true if it turns out to be based on false assumptions , however i do n't believe that in the case of poland and ww2 we are dealing with such a dillema , so we can probably drop it . 
   ... the uk did n't exactly fight the axis powers out of goodwill or a sense of charity towards poland not sure why you 'd try historic revisionism when the speeches are all online . 
  * early this morning the german chancellor issued a proclamation to the german army which indicated that he was about to attack poland . 
  information which has reached his majesty 's government in the united kingdom and the french government indicates that attacks upon polish towns are proceeding . 
  in these circumstances it appears to the governments of the united kingdom and france that by their action the german government have created conditions , namely , an aggressive act of force against poland threatening the independence of poland , which call for the implementation by the government of the united kingdom and france of the undertaking to poland to come to her assistance . 
  i am accordingly to inform your excellency that unless the german government are prepared to give his majesty 's government satisfactory assurances that the german government have suspended all aggressive action against poland and are prepared promptly to withdraw their forces from polish territory , his majesty 's government in the united kingdom will without hesitation fulfill their obligations to poland . 
  * http://www.historyplace.com/speeches/chamberlain.htm edit : i can guess your going to go ahead and argue a no selfless act fallacy . 
  if you are , you might aswell not bother . 
   these `` values '' you just described are teached at schools no , they are not ** taught ** at schools . 
   in accordance to the western betrayal ah yes , the western betrayal . 
  that time when the west declared war on nazi germany for you . 
  nazi germany , the nation that had the most effective army of the day . 
  we crippled ourselves fighting them . 
  and because we did n't commit ritual suicide by emulating the charge of the light brigade and declaring war on the just now becoming fully war ready soviet union , we somehow betrayed you ? 
  if we are going to think like this then i 'd say your complete lack of a modern military betrayed you . 
  you get defeated in weeks and it 's somehow our fault that we ca n't quite pick up the pieces ? 
  fuck you . 
   it hinges on the belief that americans are willing to lose washington to defend tallinn , a city that most americans do n't know of , in a country most americans think is a fictional dilbert creation no actually it does not . 
  the military of the [ uk + france ] spend far more than russia do , they are far more modern than the russian armed forces , and all mentioned powers have nuclear first strike capability . 
  typical american thinking the world rests on their shoulders . 
   no , they just find our security concerns a matter of secondary importance . 
  what security concerns ? 
  russia ca n't win a conventional war against us and even if they could , they ca n't because we 'd just nuke them . 
   their distance to russia allows them to be more complacent , at our expense . 
  at your expense ? 
  you are spending less total and less as a % of your gdp on military than us . 
  we also pay for part of your nuclear deterrent . 
  we are well within nuclear strike distance of russia , so no the distance is not particularly relevant . 
  russia just is n't a realistic threat to nato other than mad . 
  pick your poison :  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/21/un-calls-for-all-able-member-states-to-join-fight-against-isis -  http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/621033/united-nations-isis-islamic-state-paris-attacks-un -, 
   your opinion basically boils down to `` i do n't agree with this , therefore it 's retarded and stupid '' . 
  i understand that you are from switzerland and may not understand how parody works in the english language . 
  now , the person i was originally talking with said this :  in reality no free thinking man could honestly support the state owning guns but not individuals this statement says that if you disagree with his position , you are not free thinking . 
  to highlight this , my reply to him , is a parody of his comment .
