  that is two words . 
  one is a general term that is not gendered , then we specify the situation by putting male infront . 
  that is fine . 
  if instead of mansplaining you had say ; intellectual gender bias . 
  or something in a similar vein to ` male expendability ' , people would n't be up in arms over it . 
   i do n't know who `` everybody '' is . 
  reddit is the only place where i 've come across this distorted meaning and it 's always in the context of people complaining that it means something it does n't . 
  on tumblr and other forums mostly . 
  my friends who are interested in this sort of stuff quickly dropped the childish ` mansplaining ' crap , i guess thats part of growing up . 
   and yeah , they 're still an asshole , but they 're an asshole in a way that carries special social significance that warrants particular analysis . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't . 
  i 'm saying the use of gendered insults doesnt isnt helpful to this analysis and infact detracts from it . 
   but that also raises the other question : how likely is it that a man would be an asshole in this kind of way to another man ? 
  does that happen as often as it does to women ? 
  i 'm not denying that sexism exists : see above . 
   could you ? 
  does our society systematically elevate women 's opinions above those of men ? 
  has it historically dismissed men 's opinions or displayed a widespread belief for centuries that men are less intelligent than women and less suited to intellectual pursuits ? 
  has it denied access to men to intellectual professions because of their assumed lack of intelligence ? 
  if so , then yeah , you could . 
  but it does n't really . 
  sexism against women and sexism against men are not mutually exclusive . 
  for instance : if a women attacks a man , and the man responds in kind , the man is the one who did wrong . 
  historically , men had the privilege to work the most dangerous jobs and get conscripted into various military 's . 
  there are two sides to each coin , that one is heavier than the other isnt really relevant to what we are talking about . 
   and i mean , you can try and pretend that the fact that sometimes some feminists on the internet are very mean and dismissive is the same to centuries of systematic oppression with lasting consequences , but it 's not and i do n't really have a lot of patience for arguments that pretend that sexism is made up . 
  could you not put words in my mouth ? 
  i havnt anywhere said that i think sexism is made up . 
  infact you are the one who seems to believe that sexism is only against women . 
  the common people have been oppressed for centuries , this isnt some sort of oppression olympics . 
  if you believe in equality being sexist is not the way to get it . 
   people misuse terms all the time - just look at what the bbc think `` trolling '' means . 
  does that mean we should stop using them ? 
  there is a difference between misusing a term and everyone understanding that it has been misused . 
  and everyone thinking a term means one thing , while in its origins it meant something else . 
   anyway , the problem with that idea is that it does n't allow room for women to talk about sexism : sometimes it 's not a guy being an asshole . 
  sometimes it 's just a guy behaving in a way that society has taught him he 's allowed to . 
  i can say exactly the same thing but about women instead . 
  i still would n't dismiss their views as womensplaining . 
   edit : and to be honest i think there 's a huge difference between just being an asshole to somebody and being an asshole to somebody because of their sex . 
  yes , but either way their still an asshole . 
  you already know that what you say here is wrong . 
   edit : nevermind . 
  seems to be a pr-move since they are already at `` percent of gdp 2.1 % ; fy 2014-15 '' -  nato is weak and needs ** more money ** your comment being stupid doesnt mean that the opposite of your comment isnt stupid aswell . 
  i think that the term has been taken from this beginning and warped into something much broader that is just used to shut men out of conversations . 
  i 'd use the picture in the original comment as an example of this , if i see a sign that says ` mansplaining free zone ' i 'm not going to go talk to those people , i 'd write them off as sexist loons . 
  i do n't think that gendered insults will ever be anything but that , if someone is being an asshole it 's because they are an asshole , not because of their gender . 
   nice , i love unexplained downvotes from fear-mongering victims your comment is stupid and wrong and you whine about being downvoted . 
  thats why you are being downvoted . 
   if they get a better job thanks to their uni education , why should n't they pay more for the privilege ? 
  lets retroactively charge the free uni generations the price we now pay for uni and then see if 9k a year is still popular . 
  looks like italy 's all grown up , i guess we can move our boats out of the med now they are ready to deal with the immigration problems themselves . 
   for my part , men are more than welcome to discuss women 's issues . 
  then why do you support the usage of terms like mansplaining ? 
   amount of downboats : how many white righters ' jimmies i am rustling i 'm downvoting you because your crying about downvotes and making shit up . 
  not because of your skin colour . 
   reverse sexism also known as sexism . 
  we are talking about mens issues here , sorry your input does n't matter . 
  he is always making speeches there . 
  not sure how you could have missed it . 
  and i 'd like to live in the present not the past . 
  yes , so ai asking for this to be investigated is not in that spirit . 
  do n't draw stupid comparisons or make uneducated prophesies and you 'll have a much better time . 
   if you mean that i have a greater attachment to the eu than to belgium , then i can only answer that i 'm not sure to which i have a greater attachment and this , to a person like farage , who puts the uk as the only ` nation ' he is part of does n't really make much sense . 
  ( imo ) just for the record i do n't think belgium is a non-country and if you are more european centric than say the uk , i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  i mean you have a choice between the eu flag and the belgium flag and you pick the eu one . 
  but lets not split into two conversations at once . 
  i 'm sure wed have exactly the same conversation as whatever youve had with him so i 'll give it a miss . 
  and you are ? 
  and i 'm not questioning him on his identity at all so ? 
   i do n't see how my flair-choice and that fact that i both identitfy as european and belgian makes belgium a non-country ... 
  it 's not that you identify as both , its that you identify as european first . 
  well farage thinks belgium is a non country . 
  you have the eu flag as your flair over the belgium flag , your saying your european first and from belgium second . 
  so pretty much a watered down version of what farage thinks of belgium ... 
  we do n't try to prosecute ira terrorists , they do n't try to prosecute their british counterparts is pretty much how the uk and ireland get along . 
  you chose the eu one instead of your national one, 
  it 's not a joke , she was doing it consistently . 
  the only argument you can make that she was not , is that its such an absurd thing to advocate . 
  she 's a racist and a bigot and she should be fired . 
   i think this whole political correctness idea is going to eventually bite western europe in the ass and it wo n't be pretty when it happens . 
  i 've misinterpreted your comment . 
  i read it as you criticizing the attempts to get her fired over what she said , not as you criticizing her not being fired . 
   after his term as pm is over , people will say `` what the hell were we thinking when we supported that man ?! '', 
  it 's nice that you have an opinion but i do n't really care about your prophecies . 
  give some reason for your opinion ...  ok ... cameron is n't quite the pillock that blair was ( and is ) right , yeah you really do n't get how toxic tony blair is to us . 
  they might not understand that labour , cons and libs are all centre partys . 
  ai clearly not understanding the principle of forgive and forget . 
   of course it 's an issue but does it really warrant a 800 comment thread every time it is mentioned on reddit ? 
  eh , who cares . 
   it is quite clear to me that people outside that university care more about this than the people actually a part of the university a lot of the people at the uni care aswell . 
  this is pretty irrelevant . .  and to me this makes it quite clear that this is just people pushing their agenda . 
  ah yes , their agenda of genocide is wrong and we shouldnt allow blatant racism and sexism especially not from a diversity officer . 
   the demographics and societies of western countries are changing at an unprecedented pace and people ca n't do or even say anything about it because they fear being labeled racist . 
  but somehow only whites can be racist , because when this person says `` kill all whites '' it is labeled as a joke and she does n't even lose her job . 
  would it have been the same situation had this been a white guy tweeting `` kill all blacks/muslims/gays / pakis/whatever '' ? 
  i do n't think so ... 
  yes , that is my point . . ? 
   i was n't referring to this particular case ok , bit weird that you commented in this thread but fine . 
  your flair tho ...
