  yes . 
   it 's robbing ee of the brains required to bring them into the 1st world this refers to the problem of smart young people in poor countries going to get better jobs in rich countries , therefor leaving the poor country without any smart young people and stunting their development . 
   and straining our social systems . 
  this refers to the effect of massively increasing the rate of people coming in and the inability of social systems , like the nhs , like benefits , like the housing market , to adjust to this increase . 
   does this refer to the `` schrodinger 's immigrant '' theory , whereby a migrant eats up your unemployment benefits while simultaneously stealing your job ? 
  this is a fatal misunderstanding of schrodinger 's immigrant thought experiment . 
  now as we all know and is demonstrated by the double slit experiment , immigrants display both the properties of a wave and a particle , we call this wave-particle duality . 
  while they are travelling to the uk we can describe them as a wave-function as given by the time-dependent schrodinger equation . 
  once they arrive however the waveform collapses and the immigrant is either on unemployment benefits or stealing a job . 
  if we normalize the time-dependent schrodinger equation then we can determine the probability of each . 
  i do n't want to bog us down in maths , just to demonstrate the reasoning , so for this thought experiment we will assume a 50/50 split . 
  so you see schrodinger 's immigrant thought experiment does infact demonstrate the exact opposite of what you assumed !, 
  an immigrant is either eating unemployment benefits or stealing my job , not both !, 
  of course this only takes into account a single immigrant , if we look at all immigrants we can find a statistical pattern that is reproducible , despite quantum indetermenism !, 
  as we said earlier , we assume there is a 50 % probability of the wave function collapsing either way . 
  we ca n't determine which an individual immigrant will choose until that immigrants wave function collapses but when we take the average over all immigrants we see that as a group immigrants are simultaneously eating our unemployment benefits and stealing our jobs ( along the assumed 50/50 line ) !, 
  much like electrons in the half-silvered mirror experiment !, 
  [ [ this part is a joke , pls no lynch mob ] ], 
   the russian army is present in ukraine but it does n't mean they invaded ukraine . 
  so if the turkish army was * present * in athens you would n't term it an invasion ? 
   basically , this free movement of people issue was one of the main economic advantages the us had over europe . 
  it 's robbing ee of the brains required to bring them into the 1st world and straining our social systems . 
  free movement of peoples is only good for nations of roughly equal living standards , we should be investing and helping ee sort themselves out and then integrating further , not the other way around . 
   they also just passed a law in france so that tampons have reduced vat tax because it is a necessity good . 
  why just tampons ? 
  why not toilet paper , soap and band-aids ? 
  are they not necessity goods ? 
  tampons are a necessity good for only women . 
  it means that womens base requirements are slightly higher than mens . 
  ( unless you can think of a similar male requirement ) . 
  it is much easier to simply make tampons cheaper , than to pay women slightly higher ( only truly relevant for very low income women ) . 
  lets start with eu contributions . 
   i do not see any country trying to leave immediately afterwards . 
  i 'm thinking more long term affects . 
  the name european union for example would be somewhat less legitimate . 
   i doubt that . 
  every major eu country has a significant interest in a trade agreement with the uk . 
  while i dont think the trade balance plays a major role for the negotiation strength ( i have outlined why ) , the fact that every major eu country has a trade surplus with the uk will set an incentive for these countries to join forces in the negotiations . 
  additionally , its the eu which is responsible for trade agreements and not the member states . 
  a uk/eu trade agreement will be a lot less controversial than ttip or ceta . 
  standards already are harmonized in many areas . 
  there are no chlorine chickens or gmo companies the public will be afraid of . 
  yep . 
   extreme scenarios in both directions are pointless . 
  the uk would neither get no trade deal at all nor conditions as good as the ones for member states . 
  there is too much uncertainty in many areas to reliably predict the outcome . 
  i think we agree , this feels unnatural . 
   the eu as a trading bloc will not instantly dissolve following a possible brexit and neither will the uk . 
  the eu is n't just a trading block though . 
  i think the uk leaving will fundamentally damage other areas of the eu . 
   in any realistic scenario , you will have the eu being the ` bigger fish ' in the pond . 
  more like in an idealistic scenario . 
  in reality the eu is unable to speak in one voice . 
   if the outcome of the referendum will be an ` out ' , it will not result in the uk immediately leaving but in a transitioning process to reduce the economical damage for both sides . 
  agreed . 
  which really invalidates the op article . 
  bit of a nothing statement that . 
   fact is that you are more reliant on us than we are on you . 
  and you ( the eu ) are far more fragile than us . 
   david cameron : the british pm who almost lost scotland [ and can still lose it ] and who leads whatever is left of the uk out of the eu . 
  david cameron : the british pm who kept scotland and who leads the pro-eu agenda in parliament . 
  my bad . 
   leading the way in legalising gay marriage by popular vote sorry but requiring a majority vote to ensure the rights of a minority is not a good thing . 
   because if i can give you one advice , if you will ever have partner permanently discussing or threatening to leave you , best thing you can actually do is to dump her/him . 
  ~ ~ it is only recently that leaving the eu has become a debate in the uk . 
  it 's a country not a couple , this sort of decision is n't made in a few hours but over years . 
  now a referendum has been promised you can expect the discussion to heat up . ~ ~ nothing to see here , gents . 
   he 's been given asylum after seeking it to protect himself from an unfair trial in the usa . 
  the usa has not attempted to extradite him from sweden or the uk , despite him being in the uk for a year . 
  further if he had gone to sweden from the uk after being extradited , if the usa wanted to extradite him from sweden they would need the permission of the swedish and uk governments . 
  if he was happy to be in the uk for a year then he should have been even happier to be in sweden after that , unless of course he happens to have sexually assualted some girls in sweden . 
   if you 've read news occasionally , you might remember the outright hunt that edward snowden faced with the grounding of flights to search for him , top-ranking people calling for his execution/assassination ( i forget which ) , etc. 
  a normal person would be able to see that julian assange had the right idea there , to protect himself from the usa . 
  but such sweet innocence that you show should be allowed to flourish sometimes , not everyone has to know the ugly truth . 
  i hope you find your old man if you have n't already found him . 
  ahh the suggestion of him just going to sweden is so cute , as if none of his worries exist or could possibly come to fruition !, 
  you 're so cute !!!, 
  julian assange was in the uk for a whole year and yet the us did nothing . 
  i 'm sure it must be a conspiracy , you see their plan was to make it harder and harder for themselves to get their hands on him , then everyone would be really impressed when they finally did !, 
  / s and then he ran to the ecuadorian embassy , the irony of a wikileaks founder running to ecuador of all places is hilariously ironic so i thank him for that atleast . 
   we are neutral . 
  in order to protect our neutrality and our country we have to have a standing army of militia . 
  there 's really not much to discuss about this , i would n't trust our neighbors with defending us . 
  you ar n't even in the top 15 for military expenditure per capita . 
  learn to be paranoid properly , if anyone bothered invading switzerland your militia will last all of 5 seconds . 
   the list of things that civilians have no reason to own or do is huge . 
  then it should n't be so hard for you to provide some examples should it . 
   unless you think that getting killed with guns is worse than getting killed by other means . 
  again we go back to the question you ignored . 
  would you rather face a robber with a knife or with a gun ? 
   you ca n't borrow a gun without committing a crime , our gun control works perfectly as far as i see it . 
  you can commit this crime without being caught however . 
   what i see from your comments is that you do not trust your own population and you think that you live in a country which is too barbaric and violent to be able to own anything dangerous ( bin that knife ! ) . 
  lol . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  as i said , you can tell a swiss and an american from the rest because despite being unable to justify why a civilian might need a weapon they 're still gagging for them . 
   who 's the one with more paranoia and fear ? 
  me or you ? 
  i do n't live in fear despite knowing that my neighbors own military grade assault rifles and other weapons , i trust the system , my fellow countrymen and my goverment . 
  you live in a tiny rich country with conscription that only recently decided it did n't need to be able to blow up every bridge in the country at the drop of a bat .
