   oh yeah that 's very likely ... not . 
  be less biased next time . 
  person accused of rape says he did n't do it . 
  oh he must not of done it then !, 
  if he did n't do it then he should go and fight the charges . 
  now that he has been extradited from the uk anyone trying to extradite him from sweden would also have to ask permission from the uk . 
  he is safer from the us in sweden than here . 
  but oh wait he ran to the ecuadorian embassy instead of going to sweden , now if i was a suspicious person i 'd say that says something about how good his case is in sweden . 
   claiming that sweden will do what uk would not do for one year is crazy . 
  also as he would be extradited from the uk to sweden , to extradite him from sweden the usa would also require consent from the uk . 
   assange did n't want to risk being in sweden in case the usa then asked to extradite him . 
  assange did n't want to risk being in sweden because he 's a slimeball who is probably guilty . 
  being in sweden would have made it harder for the us to extradite him . 
   eu citizen contribute more than they take out . 
  yes , they contribute to our housing shortage and the crumbling of our public services . 
  good point . 
   as long as julian assange leaks the occasional top secret document then he can sexually assault whoever he wants !, 
  i 'd love to be sexually assaulted by good ol' julian so why would n't anyone else ? 
  it has n't been thrown out of court once . 
  julian assange ran from sweden and hid in the ecuadorian embassy in the uk to avoid having to face a jury . 
  after the claims he made his trial would have been under the scrutiny of the world . 
  it 's much more likely he just knows he is guilty and does n't wish to go to jail . 
   i imagine that 's the kind of approach the bbc charter frowns upon . 
  explicitly forbids more like !, 
  if organised infantry tactics were good enough to conquer all of europe against countless warrior tribes i think they are good enough to deal with some angry hippies . 
   that 's utterly different than legally owned by individual civilians the armed forces of a third world nation may as well be individual civilians . 
   because all of this is in reference to banning the ownership of firearms by individuals . 
  it 's pretty clear that the conversation has expanded past that , i would n't expect an american to understand complex issues though so do n't stress too much about it . 
  you ca n't have gun control if you do n't have control of your borders . 
  you also ca n't have it if you are a third world cesspit . 
  it would be cheaper for them to nuke you , russia 's conventional forces ar n't exactly top of the range . 
  i do n't see why they would n't take the easy out . 
  we would never allow them to occupy you , there is no reason to preserve your land . 
  after being held illegally . 
  your own words . 
  if they were held illegally then that implies that before that they were not illegal . 
  and so they originated as legal weapons . 
  russia could use tactical nukes to sink the turkish navy ; no problemo . 
  if turkey declared war on russia , the rest of nato would not back turkey . 
   ban guns in every country in the world !, 
  one day perhaps : l  we might run into issues with ` murcia though . 
  we can just swap them out with waterguns for the us . 
  they 'll never notice . 
  likely we 'll have more trouble with you fins !, 
  and fabric for their t-shirts !, 
   i do n't get what you 're saying . 
  my point was that if the us army were just 50 separate armies , it would be much more inefficient that it is . 
  right , i get you . 
   so the rest of the eu is financially more than capable of developing a joint army capable to deploy . 
  assuming the eu can force members to spend as much as us . 
  currently with 30 % of the gdp we are spending 50 % of the military expenditure . 
   i will just say that while the eu is slow in its evolution , it 's been consistently doing what many have said would never happen . 
  actually we predicted the failure of the euro  i jk i jk . 
  you make some good points , but they are all long term points and they do not address fundamental issues sufficiently for my mind . 
   so you accept that you were wrong about the entire premise of illegal gun origins are you saying that the guns were not legal in the other balkan states ? 
   i 'm aware that russia has a bigger and stronger navy than us , but what russia has in the med . 
  sea right now could not survive against turkey 's entire navy and air force . 
  yes , it could . 
  if you attacked the russians you would not have the protection of nato , you 'd be radioactive dust faster than you can say ` whoops ' . 
   you import guns illegally from non eu countries in the balkans , that 's the main way . 
  cool , ban guns and invest in proper border controls . 
   the amount of crimes committed with legal guns is negligible compared to the amount committed with illegal guns . 
  how do you get an illegal gun ? 
  you take a legal gun without a license . 
  i guess there is no connection between illegal and legal guns at all !, 
   the us army works better as is than if it were just a bunch of armies glued together under the nato umbrella . 
  then i have to ask why we sent 50,000 troops to invade iraq . 
   it would make the eu as a whole more efficient and capable militarily . 
  how would it do that . 
  most of the militaries of the eu simply ar n't up to standard . 
   one more reason to have a capable joint military . 
  not really . 
   but that does n't mean that the 26 other eu countries all together are n't a sizeable force . 
  it does though . 
  the other 26 countries have a truly negligible ability to project power . 
  their only use is home defense , which is covered nicely by our nuclear deterrent . 
   an eu army would could be financed by the eu . 
  i mean if you want to force the freeloaders to pay then you can try , i doubt they will bite . 
   an eu army would be constructed and maintained according to global eu needs . 
  not one of you helped us defend the falklands , why would we trust you ? 
   an eu army would have a centralised chain of command and would be more mobile within the eu . 
  any centralized chain of command would have to be headed by either the uk or france , i highly doubt the other 24 nations will go for it . 
   i did n't suggest it would n't be an eu army . 
  just that you can have both , an eu army and national armies . 
  why would you want this ? 
  combined command is already dealt with via nato . 
  the eu already has a mutual defense agreement in the treat of lisbon . 
   also 2 armies cooperating , does n't easily scale up when over 30 countries are involved . 
  over 30 countries ar n't involved though . 
  the only countries in the eu with substantial armed forces are the uk and france . 
  ( i am not saying this to cause offense , countries such as poland are spending about 2 % of their gdp on military but because their gdp is much smaller in total their military is just not on the same scale . ), 
  any eu army that is n't just the uk or france leading the whole thing will be a joke . 
   also we already have a proto-eu army . 
  the eu battlegroup . 
  but they provide a taste for what can be achieved . 
  i 'm just not seeing a proposal here that brings anything that nato already does n't . 
   your username is fitting , to say the least . 
  sure . 
  that 's not really relevant though is it ? 
   i 'm basing this on my own experience , and i have lots of it , some of it is my own , most of it is of other people 's .
