  the welsh assembly government has less devolution from ** westminster ** than does the scottish parliament . 
  england does not come into it . 
   scotland is n't eurosceptic scotland 's position as shown by polls is less eurosceptic than in the rest of the uk . 
  these polls are not particularly trust worthy with the current political climate in scotland . 
  you will have to wait until actual voting day to have a conclusive answer . 
  the difference in the polls has been about ~ 10 % between scotland and the rest of the uk . 
   i seriously doubt the us military 's ability to conduct operations is `` make or break '' dependent on uk support . 
  it 's not to do with military capabilities , it is to do with international relations . 
  the uk not joining the coalition weakened it immeasurably . 
  whether or not it was the deciding factor in the us 's non action is a different question and much harder to answer . 
   for all intents and purposes wales has the exact same position as england and ni on the matter . 
  england has no devolved power what so ever , unlike every other country in the uk . 
  england literally can not make a decision . 
  it is westminster that will make a decision . 
  which is the government of the united kingdom . 
   scotland on the other hand is a completely different story . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i mean i get it , you 've watched braveheart , you understand it is not a documentary , yes ? 
  referring to the uk as england is insulting and incorrect . 
  sorry buddy . 
   well i 'm no historian but while the frankish kingdom or the holy roman empire were major forces , britain was still being raided by vikings . 
  i did n't realize you wanted to go so far back in history . 
  the idea of a great power is not one usually talked about in regards to the medieval periods . 
  the hre was dominant for a time in central europe yes . 
  and the frankish kingdoms did raid britain . 
  then for britain you have things like the angevin empire , the 3rd crusade and numerous other exploits . 
  the idea of a great power is what came before our current idea of a super power , it 's about global power . 
  in which case the european great powers were : spain and portugal , the dutch , france and the uk . 
  all at different times . 
  by the time the uk came to be the premier great power , spain and portugal had been by the wayside for some time . 
  the uk came to be premier by eclipsing the dutch and the french . 
  germany 's attempt to become a great power was ended by ww1 . 
  what i 'm trying to say here is that germany ( germanic people ) has been a great power in europe throughout history , but they hav n't ever been a great power on the world stage . 
  if you want to argue that nazi germany was , then i concede that , though i 'd say it was too short a time to really count . 
   given that one of the europhobes ' main arguments is that britain would keep its influential position primarily through strong alliance with the us and the commonwealth , it does matter and is a pretty big blow to their case . 
  that 's not one of the europhobes main arguments . 
   my research on this is only showing us neutrality , not support of argentina . 
  us support of negotiations is being neutral in argentina 's favour . 
  as argentina broke off the last agreement we have with them in favour of the position that there will be no negotiations that do n't involve a discussion on sovereignty . 
  and the uk 's position is that there will be no discussions on sovereignty without the will of the islanders . 
  thus backing negotiations whilst argentina maintains that it should have sovreignity is in fact backing the argentine position implicitly . 
  that was n't part of the special relation ship between the us and the uk . 
  that was part of how well reagan and thatcher got on . 
  the offer of a carrier was a secret offer , that has only recently been revealed . 
  during the war the us refused to come in on our side and it 's public opinion swayed between the sides as the conflict developed . 
  the us did help but it 's efforts were much less than what you 'd expect of an ally and it 's public opinion was even worse . 
  the centres of european power have been spain , portugal , france , the dutch and the uk . 
  power in central europe = / = european power . 
   erm , not really no . 
  pretty big difference with believing that being in the eu is good for them versus being pro-eu . 
  first of all , that is the literal definition of being pro-eu . 
  secondly adding imaginary motives to someones position to discredit them is farcical . 
  the government of the uk is pro-eu . 
  it is calling the referendum at a time that it deems most likely for a stay vote . 
  david cameron is even making ridiculous scaremongering claims about calais should we leave . 
  what did you say about strawmen now ? 
  practice what you preach . 
   but the government at some point will use this as example of encroaching on uk 's sovereignty . 
  are you stupid or ? 
  our government is pro eu . 
  david cameron is literally on the warpath to keep us in the eu right now . 
   all the evidence is there . 
  the fact that you 're going on with your straw man argument that i 'm claiming that all men are sexual deviants is pathetic . 
  what are you going on about ? 
  maybe you are a little slow on the uptake ? 
  your statement implies that all men are ` sexual deviants ' . 
   sex deprived men are likely to be sex pests if you word it the other way around . 
   sex pests are likely to be sex deprived men . 
  you imply that most sex pests are sex deprived men , which i think is your point ? 
  if this is your point it 's still sexist without some numbers to back it up . 
   how could europe protect oil rich norway ? 
  norway is one of the easiest nations for the uk and france to deploy troops to . 
   finland is isolated and strategically important for russia , could the eu do anything there ? 
  yes . 
  a finnish insurgency is almost a guarantee . 
  any advance past finland will threaten russian supply lines . 
  they do n't have the troops to hold the countryside . 
  eu forces could delpoy in norway and sweden and march on to finland . 
  with another advance or build up of troops opposite moscow ( depending on what situation is on the other ` front ' . ), 
   is there any capability to protect istanbul without nato and american nukes ? 
  istanbul is n't in the eu . 
  and again , yes . 
  uk and french nukes . 
  plus the armed forces of turkey are no pushover . 
  eu reinforcements would likely arrive before any invading russian army reached istanbul . 
   i do n't think europe would go all in for one or two countries unless they had the u.s to guarantee a decisive victory . 
  well history tells us otherwise . 
  also the us does n't guarantee a decisive victory , it guarantees nuclear annihilation , which we can already guarantee on our own . 
  you are talking about foreign policy and international relations , not our military capabilities . 
  this is a discussion on our military capabilities . 
  i have not expressed an opinion on our foreign policy , i 'm not interested in expanding this conversation , i do n't have the time . 
  stop trying to move the goal posts . 
  so then you agree with me . 
  our defense , so far as military goes , is not dependent on the us . 
  i do n't have the time to broaden the conversation so i wo n't begin discussion other issues not related to the original point . 
  offer an alternative scenario then with the caveat that it ca n't be answered by nukes and the eu mutual defense clause . 
   it does show our incompetence when we try to achieve a goal though . 
  no , it shows that fighting an insurgency in a foreign land is a much bigger task than fighting conventional forces . 
  we were winning in iraq and afghanistan , we were just not willing to pay the cost to win , aka a decades long commitment to constant attrition warfare . 
   i think we 're being very optimistic here .
