  he said that they placed troops on ukraine 's border when the us threatened to put missile bases in the ukraine ...  you said that the us had placed troops in ukraine . 
  that does n't seem very peaceful to me . 
   okay . 
  and what precedent in international law would allow russia to unilaterally annex half of another sovereign , independent country ? 
  the right to self-determination  threatening to annex large swathes of a foreign country is wrong . 
  there is n't any gray area here . 
  i do n't care if every man , woman , and child in that region is russian - the territory is ukrainian . 
  irredentism was buried in the ashes of post war europe , russia is playing a very dangerous game trying to bring it back . 
  if every man woman and child in that area is russian who wanted to be part of russia , then it is their right to be so . 
  i hav n't been to ukraine so i would n't know whether or not it is as such their ... 
  if we make laws we should obey them even when they do not benefit us . 
  your point is moot , he heads the biggest group of politicians , the conservatives in coalition with the lib dems . 
  wishful thinking , it is very clearly a 50/50 matter . 
  i believe in equal opportunity not equal outcome . 
  i 'm going to sleep now so there is little point in continuing the conversation . 
  night . 
  and were these 10 % chosen by getting good test results or ... ? 
  merit is not privilege . 
   but you conveniently ignore that it was only open to a tiny minority you are basing this statement on ? 
   if 50 % of an age group have a degree , and 50 % do n't . 
  those in the do n't camp are disadvantaged far more than if only say 15 % have a degree . 
  they ar n't privileged if everyone had the same chance at getting those uni slots . 
  meritocracy is n't privilege . 
   your last sentence and the first appear somewhat diametrically opposed . 
  yes . 
   some people are born with amazing looks . 
  my old house mate fell in this category , would have guys desperately clambering over themselves to help her . 
  another was an amazing athlete , so natural , talk about lucking out the genetic lotto . 
  did 5km run , not in proper kit , in 25min after drinking 3 pints and a beer . 
  apparently he lit a cig half way through too . 
  i have to train and take medication to prevent my death doing that . 
  i 've been blessed and cursed mentally , i was diagnosed as a dyslexic with a spelling age of 11 . 
  comprehension i 'm considerably above average , spacial reasoning i set records . 
  intelligence is a mixed bag , i did n't get on well with the other undergrads i studied with , frankly i avoided most of them . 
  i was that guy the one who 'd rock up pissed as a newt and score higher than them in tests , my first year was a waste of my time and thankfully both the uni and i realised this and mixed things up a bit . 
  what about people like me ? 
  you are saying i should have free uni , i 'm in that top 5 % comfortably so i 'm going no matter what !, 
  myself , i 'd rather have some capped graddie tax applied to me , and have the opportunity for higher education widened , i do think a sizeable majority benefit from it . 
  sure i could say we 'll set the bar at 1 % and have massive grants , i 'd still get my uni time , but i do n't think it would be fair , it would be very greedy of me to want such a thing . 
  so when thinking back to times past , remember how many people actually went . 
  you might be a perfect straight a student who simultaneously terrifies and excites teaching staff , bully for you , but what about those around you ? 
  do you think they are not better off with the current system ? 
  i am saying that uni slots should be competitive , free and meaningful . 
  if you are smart enough to beat everyone else without trying well , goodie for you , your an exception a system can handle . 
   but what about those around you ? 
  do you think they are not better off with the current system ? 
  i think people would be better off going for degrees for high expertise jobs such as being a doctor or engineer and going through apprenticeships or working for jobs that do not require such expertise . 
  but as i have already said this is all off topic , i am merely commenting on the fact that the generations of free education created this situation and then to fix it they slapped up tuition fees . 
   i do n't think it 's fair that the half of the people are further disadvantaged by being liable to pick up the tab for the privileged half . 
  education up til a levels is free in the uk , privileged doesnt come into it . 
   my dad does n't have a degree , did n't need one back in his day when only a tiny percentage went to university , a larger group going to a poly , but by far the largest group had no uni or equivalent . 
  i do n't think this is relevant to tuition fees , you could cut down on the number of degrees done and increase the grades needed to study them to stop the plethora of ` paper ' degrees . 
  though it is part of the reason why tuition fees are needed i guess . 
   now frankly unskilled jobs require a degree as a quick filter on applicants . 
  this is why i think it 's unfair to put those disadvantaged by their lack of opportunity to pay for the privileged 50 % . 
  everyone should have the opportunity to go to uni , by that i mean everyone should receive free education and thus a chance to compete for spots . 
  anyhow we are going slightly off point here . 
  i do n't disagree with tuition fees , i just find it rather ... annoying ? 
  that the generations that did n't pay now say we must pay . 
  a large portion of the people who increased costs did . 
   they see desire for no student debt as a noble thing , rather than a viewpoint marred in their own personal greed . 
  theres something poetic about the generations that got free education saying the next generation has to pay do n't you think . 
  eh , you 'll probably grow out of it . 
  of course it 's not happening ever , corbyn is never going to be elected . 
  i 'm allowed to judge a party leader based on their principles , thanks . 
  he literally suggested a joint administration . 
  good relations with argentina at the cost of our peoples right to self determination . 
  i think not . 
  i do n't know how to reply to you because i do n't know if you are genuinely stupid or just an edgy teenager . 
  all english , welsh , scottish and northern irish people have the vote in the uk ge . 
   he said he wants to start a conversation with argentina about the falklands in an attempt to make the relations better . 
  literally never said anything about giving it back to them . 
  whilst 99 % of the islanders consider themselves british there is no conversation to be had , insinuating that there is is in itself insulting . 
  he also suggested a joint administration of the islands with argentina , which is more than suggesting . 
  it 's an opinion held by those who want to screw over our allies for a few # # . 
  after all we would still have the protection of nuclear weapons we just would n't be paying for them . 
  despicable . 
  you 're from norway , you do n't have a vote . 
   you know , somebody really has to make a show about that . 
  if world war z the movie had been done properly there are chapters in the book that talk about the people who survived in medieval castles . 
   still profits heavily from it . 
  debatable . 
   oh , so expressed intentions are irrelevant to a briton , might as well condemn any of them guilty of manslaughter as if they 're murderer . 
  no difference . 
  lol , you can strawman all day and you 'll still be wrong . 
  rather unclear , anyways , since the purpose was political , spain was incorporated to the project . 
  i understand that english is n't your first language , but really this is getting past the point of ridiculous . 
  there is a difference between something having political elements and something being about political union . 
   historic friends , historic enemies ? 
  lord palmerston knew that such things are not of importance . 
  nice appeal to authority . 
   i 'm aware that you are used to twist words to deceive your interlocutor , but the establishment of the common market was a political act in itself and done with an intention , it was not a free trade area . 
  so it was a political union . 
  what an absolutely ridiculous statement . 
  ` there is sugar in my porridge , there is sugar in cake , my porridge is a cake . ', 
   and the uk governments intents to reduce the eu to a free trade area are an attack on democracy . 
  lol . 
  what even . 
  the uk government has only tried to reduce the eu through the ` democratic ' processes of the eu , it 's called the opposition and is a key part of every democracy , not that i expect spain to understand anything about that . 
  the referendum on leaving the eec was misrepresented to the people of the uk , it does n't really matter what some spanish yob thinks .
