  i got downvoted to hell for saying that in this sub a while back . 
  it 's the truth . 
  what a ballbag . 
  hope he gets punished accordingly, 
   recently bragged that russia 's prostitutes are `` undoubtedly the best in the world . '', 
  curiously the imam of this mosque was tweeting accusing the us government of carrying out 9/11 . 
  these thing always happen . 
  it 's not like they shot it down . 
  if you 've ever played tom clancy 's endwar , the european federation was my favourite faction . 
  it was awesome . 
  look out to your back garden . 
  yes , that is the size of liechtenstein . 
  another european country with beautiful scenery, 
  when i think of a structure that represents not just france but europe as a whole , i always think of the eiffel tower first . 
  ah yes , the centre-left governments of syria , iraq , afghanistan , egypt , libya, 
   the green party : you have two cows . 
  you love them . 
  my favourite . 
  a nice gesture from the russian people . 
  our humanity is more important than politics . 
  norway looks like it has so many sleepy little towns with a nice way of life . 
  if i ever get the chance to visit , i 'd love to go !, 
  my thoughts are with all the victims and the people of manchester . 
  absolutely horrible news, 
   leaving the eu is a mistake , and the wrong answer for britain  the eu needs reform , and will become less significant over time if it does n't change  donald trump is batshit crazy  the political left needs shaken up  a few years of macron could mean a win for le pen in the future i agree with pretty much all of this . 
  the uk government wants a deal that will stop immigration , that 's the bottom line . 
  they will do anything to achieve it , regardless of how reckless and damaging it will be . 
  leaving that embassy would set him firmly in a us prison , one way or another . 
  i 'm up for that !, 
  i 'm somewhere around social democracy , left-libertarianism , and democratic socialism . 
  this guy is pretty looney , but he makes some excellent points . 
  this thing consistently tells me i 'm extremely left and extremely libertarian . 
  it is quite possible that our newspapers are the absolute worst in the democratic world . 
  `` british press '' has become synonymous with `` bollocks '' . 
  what 's going on , norway , ireland and luxembourg ? 
  i 've always admired the dutch approach to cycling . 
  - iceland is a beautiful and remote country . 
  - they have _ amazing _ musicians . 
  bjork , of monsters & men , hjaltal\u00edn , asdfhg , soley , gusgus , sigur ros , for a minor reflection , m\u00fam , olafur arnalds , v\u00f6k , etc. 
  - they did incredibly well in the euros . 
  seeing them lose to france broke my heart because they did so well up until that point . 
  - reykjavik is the most northern capital city in the world - brennivin absolutely one of the places i would most like to visit in the world . 
   tories  workers rights, 
  our government is delusional . 
  the people negotiating brexit are the ones who will barely be affected by it . 
  polls have shown the majority of irish people support reunification , but there are also a sizeable chunk who do n't feel strongly about it either way . 
  but it raises a lot of questions , such as how ireland could afford it . 
  under the terms of the good friday agreement , the people of both northern ireland and the republic of ireland must agree to reunification before it can happen . 
  as of right now , it is likely that the people of ni would vote to remain within the uk . 
  but the sentiment for reunification has been building over the decades , and brexit + the prospect of a hard border have given a large boost to the idea . 
  thanks for your questions !, 
  currently the snp ( scottish nationalists ) are pushing for a second independence referendum . 
  if a `` yes '' vote is returned this time , scotland would leave the uk and there is talk about them rejoining the eu , but nothing is certain yet . 
  the eu have said that they would allow scotland to join as an independent country , but even this is disputed . 
  as for northern ireland , sinn fein who are the main irish nationalist party , have said that brexit in northern ireland equates to imposing brexit on all of ireland . 
  especially in the border areas . 
  if northern ireland ever voted to join the republic of ireland ( which sinn fein want ) then it would automatically rejoin the eu . 
  northern ireland and scotland are similar in that they both have the prospect of leaving the uk to rejoin the eu . 
  but almost everything related to brexit is still up in the air at this point , the only thing that is certain is that we are leaving . 
  in the uk we voted to leave ( not exactly an obscure fact ! ) . 
  in northern ireland we voted to remain , along with scotland and london . 
  in northern ireland , and ireland in general we are very concerned about a `` hard border '' that would put checkpoints on the border like the old days . 
  all sides want to avoid this . 
  there is a strong feeling in northern ireland , especially amongst nationalists , that england is imposing brexit on ireland . 
  the uk as a whole is very divided on brexit . 
  i personally do not support it at all , i feel like we are being dragged away from our european neighbours along with scotland . 
  i ca n't help but feel that these communists are stuck in 20th century europe . 
  the lack of sensible leadership shown towards the refugee crisis has angered many people . 
  people are dying in the sea , smugglers are making a fortune , and italy/greece have to deal with the worst of it . 
  i actually support a lot of these policies . 
  i like jeremy , he 's a good guy i think , but it would take the mother of all plot twists for him to win on june 8 . 
  i 'm a huge map geek , this angers me, 
  - the french are the masterminds behind chocolate chip croissants , which i live for . 
  i will forever be grateful to france for this gift . 
  - historically the greatest enemy of the uk , but we 're all mostly good friends now with a small rivalry , after centuries of punching the crap out of each other . 
  - has an unfair reputation as a `` surrender '' country just because paris was captured in ww2 . 
  actually the french military has been very successful through its history . 
  - france produced some of the greatest artists in the 19th century and early 20th century . 
  - the french language and accent are awesome . 
  - one of the major players on the world stage and in the eu . 
  - the famas is one of my favourite assault rifles to use in any video game that has it . 
  - the closest continental european country to the u.k. , which means dover and calais are closely linked . 
  - frenchmen always look good in a suit , like emmanuel macron and beno\u00eet hamon ( what 's your secret ? ), 
  - to the best of my knowledge france is very fond of nuclear energy . 
  - has territory in north america and latin america ( st. pierre & miquelon , french guyana ) - the all-butter croissants are also damn good . 
  fn nationalism and irish nationalism are very different things !, 
  twisted scumbags, 
  r/socialism has in its rules `` no supporting neoliberalism ( nato , eu ) '' , and `` no lesser evilism ( clinton , macron ) '' , etc. 
  it 's the kind of radical leftism that i 'm talking about . 
  i definitely do n't see eye to eye with anyone in that sub , despite being somewhat of a leftist myself . 
  i do n't think a quickfire socialist revolution is going to happen anytime soon in europe . 
  it seems to be what these people are advocating . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  to the best of my knowledge communists oppose the eu because it 's a largely capitalist construction . 
  maybe they would support a communist eu , like the `` eussr '' ( as some brexiters have called it ) . 
  i too subscribe to social democracy above all . 
  it 's interesting to see the different viewpoints that people have . 
  wait , a communist who supports the eu ? 
  that 's odd . 
  i thought the far-left were vehemently opposed to the eu on the grounds of it being `` undemocratic and neoliberal '' .
