i can confirm . 
  all across ireland we suffer from crap weather , and this is what constitutes good weather !, 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brigitte_bardot?wprov=sfsi1 )  in a section in the book entitled , `` open letter to my lost france '' , bardot writes that `` my country , france , my homeland , my land is again invaded by an overpopulation of foreigners , especially muslims '' . 
  for this comment , a french court fined her 30,000 francs in june 2000 . 
  she had been fined in 1997 for the original publication of this open letter in le figaro and again in 1998 for making similar remarks . 
   in her book she wrote about issues such as racial mixing , immigration , the role of women in politics and islam . 
  the book also contained a section attacking what she called the mixing of genes and praised previous generations who , she said , had given their lives to push out invaders . 
   she also said , in reference to muslims , that she was `` fed up with being under the thumb of this population which is destroying us , destroying our country and imposing its habits '' . 
  the trial concluded on 3 june 2008 , with a conviction and fine of $ 15,000 , the largest of her fines to date . 
  the prosecutor stated that she was tired of charging bardot with offences related to racial hatred . 
  needless to say she is n't a fan of immigration . 
  on one hand she 's a xenophobic front national lackey which i abhor . 
  but on the other hand she called sarah palin an idiot , supports animal welfare and environmentalist causes , which i like . 
  my little state . 
  the independent is essentially a liberal tabloid . 
  i may agree with many of its views , but its method of reporting things is so painfully biased and poor that i dislike it . 
  that kind of attitude is why people think we 're weak . 
  being part of europe is non-negotiable !, 
  imperialism ? 
  what is that ? 
  such governments should not exist in europe . 
  keep going serbs !, 
  bucky, 
  the independent strikes again with the clickbait headlines, 
  less neoliberalism, 
  russia wins !, 
  trump does n't need proof , it was `` probably '' assad so that 's good enough for him, 
  radical hinduism , of course, 
   brits do n't do mountains famous last words ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  again blaming the brussels boogeyman, 
  erdogan is a comedy genius, 
  what do you propose , expelling all muslims from the country because there 's a small chance they might decide to carry out a terrorist attack ? 
  we need the be talking in realistic terms here, 
  condolences to sweden . 
  this is absolutely awful . 
  anti-immigration never stopped anyone being radicalised on the internet . 
  if this is indeed a terrorist attack , these are dark times in europe, 
  the uk wants to invade spain to protect gibraltar and capture some new territory for our glorious empire ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) wait . . we ca n't do that . 
  can we ? 
   we do n't have to eat belgian chocolate speak for yourself nigel , i ca n't live without belgian chocolate . 
  this is unacceptable . 
  what a beautiful place, 
  my confidence in the uk has never been so low and my desire to be closer to our european neighbours has never been so high . 
  we 're going to be stuck with this tory government for years , and we have no opposition to hold them to account . 
  bad years ahead, 
  i do take her seriously , because as we 've learned in the past couple of years , people eat up right wing populist rhetoric and these leaders can get into positions of power, 
  yup , it 's really stupid !, 
  it 's a disagreement , but not a dangerous one . 
  a war between the uk and spain in the 21st century ? 
  it would take nothing short of a full invasion for that to happen . 
  which is clearly not in anyone 's interest . 
  we are civilised countries and close friends ( bar that one dispute ) , we can talk about it . 
  well it ca n't be at 16:00 that 's our tea time, 
  if that means i can move to spain with little effort then yes !, 
  no we will not calm down , we are preparing for war !, 
  we must do everything in our power to protect our earth . 
  it 's the only home we have . 
  germany , i salute you . 
  hey boi, 
  beautiful eire < 3, 
  i see what you mean , it 's always france and the netherlands that they seem attached to . 
  the best one i 've heard is `` we did n't beat the germans asses in 2 world wars just to be controlled by them decades later '', 
  huh ? 
  since brexit , it has been the topic of discussion more than usual . 
  but generally it has n't been talked about much in mainstream politics . 
  sinn fein still mention it from time to time but i think everybody knows what the deal is, 
  come on over to r/northernireland for some craic . 
  99 % of posts are about irish reunification , but the banter is top notch . 
  i 've noticed that too . 
  i do n't know why they hold so much resentment towards the eu . 
  my guess is that they believe all the eu boogeyman stories they 've been told . 
  yep . 
  i do n't know where they got that from . 
  i sat and listened to my parents yesterday go on about how glad they are that they voted leave , about how the eu is finished , about how france and the netherlands will be next to go , and about how immigrants wo n't be able to take british jobs anymore etc. 
  it took a great deal of self-restraint for me not to go off on a rant . 
  old people voted for brexit because they do n't like immigrants and they think they 're being ruled by brussels . 
  how utterly utterly typical , and how sad . 
  i will continue to fly my euro flag after brexit !, 
  damn you , slimy brussels bureaucrats for always being one step ahead !, 
  this is the equivalent of throwing water in someone 's face . 
  oooh so brutal . 
   because wanting to leave eu 's bureaucratic grasp is xenophobic , racist and sexist . 
  who said that ? 
  was n't me . 
  thankfully what 18 year old american liberal students think in regards to the eu is n't important . 
  there are lots of people , both liberal and non-liberal , who support the eu . 
  the demographic is wide . 
  the `` bureaucratic grasp '' ( lol ) has done great things for europe . 
  we want our british empire back , and we do n't want any romanians , poles or brown people here . 
  and also the goddamn bananas and eurocommies !, 
  i 'll let a belgian answer that one, 
  it 's a deal !, 
  come on over mate, 
  i 'd like to go to sweden or denmark . 
  maybe even the netherlands or belgium . 
  if they 'll have me if i had any money, 
   american liberal students basically anyone who is n't a xenophobic sexist right-wing nationalist ? 
  this is depressing , it does n't bode well for the intelligence of the british populace . 
  shield your balls mate , we 're about to be kicked hard, 
   islamic council has appointed leyla hasic , who wears the face covering veil nikab , to drive communication efforts and build bridges to the larger society .
