  is n't covering the face already a barrier to effective communication ? 
  classic socialists want the end of capitalism with no compromise . 
  as far as they 're concerned , the eu is the european bourgeoisie and the nordic countries are still far too capitalistic for them . 
  we are n't playing war games with russia , russia is playing war games with us . 
  how does farage propose we stop `` provoking '' putin ? 
  by giving him all the land that constitutes the former ussr ? 
  these people not only want brexit , they want the hardest brexit possible . 
  sheer insanity . 
  eurovision in a nutshell : vote for anyone but the uk . 
  very true . 
  i 've always thought of germany/denmark as the centre of europe , even though it 's not technically true . 
  i love it when you see the human side of important people like juncker . 
  lol this was great !, 
  yes , i hope brexiters are happy with what they get !, 
  i know , but still, 
  a grand total of 6, 
  an extra name for the list of baddies . 
  europe , and more specifically the eu , has opposition on all sides . 
  trump , putin , erdogan , duterte , and even our own homegrown nationalists like farage , le pen , and wilders . 
  it is extremely important that the eu shows leadership during this time as hard euroscepticism is on the rise . 
  brexit is already happening , and i fear that more countries could follow and the very existence of the eu is under threat . 
  i believe that the eu as an organisation is of high importance to all of us , but people are becoming disillusioned . 
  well , they 're not turks, 
  yes indeed , happy 60th . 
  sadly i already feel disconnected from it :(, 
  i get the impression that mr. heseltine is n't a fan of brexit . 
  what is it with tyrants insulting europe ? 
  oops, 
  it leaves people like me in a strange situation . 
  i 'm a leftist on most political issues , but i ca n't accept neoliberalism . 
  i like a lot of what the eu does , but this is not one of the things . 
  socialists would truly laugh at me for supporting the eu !, 
  but i believe we can improve it, 
  thank you for making some interesting points !, 
  yes , neoliberalism has not been good . 
  the centre-left need to give the working class a reason to show their support once again . 
  i still support the eu , but major some reforms are needed , or the foundations of this union could be damaged . 
  agreed . 
  although in more recent times , these right-wing groups have perpetuated the notion of a `` liberal-left elite '' . 
  to them , it 's now leftists who are the rich and powerful , and who are screwing over the working man . 
  for example , here in the uk , ukipers have made the eu into a boogeyman , some even calling it the eussr ( lol ) . 
  the eu are responsible for opening the floodgates to let in the immigrants who drive down wages and take our jobs etc. 
  immigrants and the eu are to blame for our stretched public services , apparently . 
  what they do n't talk about are the actions of the tory elite , who in my view are to blame for most of these problems . 
  but as far as they 're concerned , it 's us liberal/left globalists who prop up big business and enslave the working class . 
  perfectly said . 
  one thing that the far-left and far-right have in common is that they both claim to be standing up for the little guy , the worker . 
  the difference is who they blame for their problems . 
  the independent is absolute garbage now . 
  it 's literally as bad as the daily mail in terms of headlines and misleading crap . 
  only difference is it 's political position is better . 
  what is this meme you speak of ? 
  this is the kind of european unity and solidarity that i like to see . 
  anyone with a modicum of common sense can see that turkey 's behaviour is out of order . 
  hardline loyalists hate it , but lots of non sectarian protestants enjoy it with everyone else . 
  in my view , it 's a celebration of everyone on this island , regardless of who you are . 
  do n't get too drunk . 
  or do !, 
  it 's st paddys day, 
  bullshit , netherlands does n't have elections , nazis do n't do elections . 
  on a serious note though , this is great news !, 
  i 'm glad to see fake news stories being dismantled . 
  good job bbc , keep it coming . 
  based ataturk, 
  corbyn is useless , the labour party has crumbled under him . 
  while i like a lot of his stances , he is painfully weak . 
  [ someone 's gon na need this ] ( https://imgur.com/a/he0lv ), 
  a few . 
  but only after writing a sob story comment about how i never get any . 
  dogs are cute and friendly , why thank you erdogan \u273f \u25d5 \u203f \u25d5 \u273f, 
  i know . 
  but i think they should allow another one . 
  indeed . 
  if a scottish referendum in 2019 returned another `` no '' vote , then there would be no reason to have one again for a long time . 
  i like her , i think she genuinely has scotlands interests at heart . 
  circumstances have changed since last time . 
  enough to warrant another ref sometime in the next few years, 
  yes , but i doubt they know what indonesia even is . 
  so as far as they 're concerned it 's a polish flag, 
  beautiful city , i hope to visit someday !, 
  there is a perception amongst the loyalist idiots here in northern ireland that polish and romanian people are `` invading '' . 
  there has been dozens of cases of eastern european families being subjected to racist abuse and forced out of their homes . 
  that 's probably why they 're burning a polish flag , but it seems they 're too damn stupid to realise it 's upside down . 
  these people are a disgrace to northern ireland , i would trade them for poles and romanians any day of the week ,, 
  dutchie has wares if you have coin, 
  bollocks . 
  utter bollocks . 
  i 've never been but it looks really interesting . 
  like a combination of chinese and russian flavours, 
  they are n't places you hear about very often, 
  keep it up !, 
  i can just imagine them finding a croatian flag `` hey i found this dutch flag , but it has a thingy in the middle ! '', 
  `` burn the thingy ! '', 
  hollande - holland red white blue and red white blue close enough !, 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen some italian flags too . 
  i 'm beginning to think erdogan is jealous of the netherlands . 
  `` the dutch wo n't let us endorse fascism in their country . 
  the dutch are fascists ! '', 
  this is embarrassing, 
  young people in northern ireland demand the end of green-orange identity and politics .
