  lol 'd at the gif . 
  it 's like murica fuck yeah , but instead it 's france . 
  happy bastille day frenchies !, 
  `` everyone i disagree with is hitler '', 
  this is one of those things that looks gross in pictures but it probably looks and smells delicious if it 's right in front of you . 
  always laugh at the tories pretending to care about workers . 
  british media is notoriously crap , so nothing is surprising . 
  remember they were running headlines about britain fighting a war with spain and such nonsense ? 
  i have to say , england did it better, 
  the consequences of the government ignoring brexit would be severe . 
  i did n't vote for it but whether it was legally binding or not the referendum was called to instruct the government and since the small majority voted leave , the government must now carry it out . 
  in theory brexit does n't have to happen , but in reality it must happen . 
  all that 's left now is the fight to give ourselves the softest landing possible , bearing in mind that some people do n't even want that . 
  hey do n't blame me for what the british have tried !, 
  that sounds just like something the french would say . 
  there are different kinds of anarchism , but most are anti-capitalist . 
  never owned a pair , but i tried some out in a store a few times and they sound pretty good to me , overpriced though . 
  part of me admires the hardcore anarchists who live in communal squats and practice real direct democracy and mutual aid whilst they live modestly . 
  at least they 're true to their values and beliefs . 
  these people don the balaclavas and go out to riot/loot , then go home to their middle class families and take selfies with their stolen # 200 sunglasses on their # 600 iphone . 
  before posting a rant on facebook about how bad consumerism and multinationals are . 
  how many of these things were made as a result of capitalist exploitation of cheap labour in third world countries ? 
  * who gives a fuck , got ta love those beats headphones right ? 
  mass murdering jews , blacks , gays , and communists , truly the socialist way !!, 
  i read about this man before . 
  he fought relentlessly against the nazis in poland only to be faced with a new enemy after the war , then tortured and executed by his own countrymen under the influence and control of the soviets . 
  a true polish hero . 
  where 's my boy karl marx ? 
  fear not poland , britannia will declare war on jerry again if he invades, 
  look how much better macron 's suit fitting is compared to trump . 
  there is so much juicy goodness in this photo . 
  trump looks unamused , trudeau the only one interested , juncker completely distracted etc, 
  irritates the hell out of me . 
  it 's shitting on sweden , it 's not like all people in sweden support this . 
  this is n't feminism , this is separatism . 
  it 's also disgraceful . 
  there are so many things wrong with this i do n't know where to begin, 
  islamic fundamentalism _ is _ fascism . 
  this is getting out of hand . 
  gay marriage , a step forward for sure . 
  banning gendered words ? 
  when our fuhrer yelled `` nein nein nein '' but now we 're blitzed out, 
  it has to stop and it has to stop soon . 
  already we have given so many people better lives , but for how long is it sustainable to continue accepting refugees ? 
  i do n't blame italy at all . 
  i agree . 
  germany has done much to help those in need , and it is something germans should be very proud of . 
  but i fear major problems arising if a line is not drawn somewhere . 
  people do not integrate overnight , and it will be very difficult to integrate so many people because it often requires resources . 
  this goes for all of europe . 
  it would be great if we could help every single person , but we simply ca n't . 
  northern ireland is a tribalistic place . 
  unionists vote for unionists , nationalists vote for nationalists . 
  it 's quite sad , and it does n't look like it 's changing anytime soon . 
  maybe the best thing to do would be start my own political party !, 
  ~ ~ northern ireland ~ ~ dup essentially runs the whole country now . 
  it gets worse !, 
  hi , i 'm northern ireland , and brexit is going to be like a metaphorical brush shaft up my arse . 
  but it 's okay , it 's going to keep the immigrants out right ? 
  have n't the mafia carried out terrorist attacks against the state ? 
  got to meet myself a lovely euro girl soon . 
  france is n't working ? 
  have we tried turning it off and on again ? 
  ancap is basically when you hate your neighbour , so you buy ammo off him , then shoot him and take your money back . 
  then you take his money and use it to buy automated machine gun turrets to stop your child slave workers from trying to escape . 
  anarchism in the same box as fascism . 
  wow , that 's really something . 
  wonder how many are leave voters ? 
   fascist left an oxymoron . 
  what 's next , communist capitalist ? 
  the dm is a disgusting rag of a `` newspaper '' . 
  these are awesome, 
  i want my people to hold strong to the european values of freedom , democracy , liberty , diversity , and respect . 
  their ethnicity is utterly meaningless . 
  regardless of race or religion , eroding these values is what really hurts europe . 
   suspected the swastika eagle is a bit of a giveaway, 
  i 'm a strong animal rights supporter , but i take no pleasure in the death of a human . 
  i think all parties involved need to reconsider what this sport means for people and animals alike . 
  there 's definitely a correlation between military activity and terror attacks . 
  daesh can utilise civilian casualties in the region as propaganda against the west . 
  it is virtually impossible to strike terrorist targets whilst always avoiding civilian deaths . 
  which raises the debate about whether or not our warplanes should be in the region at all . 
  and just after the fire in london . 
  there have been so many tragedies lately . 
  absolutely devastating , rip to all those poor souls who lost their lives . 
   ancap when you 're being violently beaten in the street and you call the police but your bronze police subscription \u2122 only covers petty theft and nuisance neighbours so you have to upgrade to a gold membership for the low price of just $ 100 . 
  this song pops into my head now every time the eu does something good, 
  sharia law should not have any bearing in any european country or overrule any legally valid european will . 
  it seems to me that it 's exploitation of the court for personal gain . 
  the battle to stay in the eu is over , the battle to keep us in the single market is still ongoing . 
  we have to salvage what we can . 
  but we are leaving . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the soviet politburo would have approved of the liberal , ultra-capitalist eu . 
  this is is just another case of `` everything i do n't like is nazi '' except if you 're far right , it 's `` everything i do n't like is communist '' . 
  nobody in the right mind could think that keeping this open route is a good idea . 
  the problem is going to get worse and worse if nothing is done . 
  in an alternate universe : russian neo-bolsheviks caught disarming bombs in russia , received bomb defusal training in sweden, 
  confirmed : i 'm the idiot, 
   i did n't see the uvf bit either he 's lying , or he 's an idiot . 
  `` help uncuck germany '' do these assholes know any words besides `` cuck '' ?
