  we are getting there , and this is one of the catalysts of that . 
  a threat to the netherlands is a threat to us all . 
  my biggest concern is for the dutch diplomats in turkey , i would n't put anything past erdogan . 
  france is indeed a great nation . 
  i feel that people like ms le pen will only hurt france . 
  a fascist accusing other nations of fascism for not letting him promote fascism in their country is pretty pathetic . 
  r/the _ donald is nausea inducing . 
  erdogan is so far removed from eu values , turkey should never be allowed to join with him in power . 
  calling the dutch nazis ? 
  really ? 
  what is wrong with this man ? 
  he seems deluded . 
  this behaviour is ridiculous . 
  i feel sorry for dutch people , all that fascism and lack of freedoms . 
  they could learn a thing or two from the saint erdogan , now that 's how you run a country . 
  i wish we were n't being dragged out of the eu , it will not be good for northern ireland . 
  jesus , attacking an elderly man . 
  messed up . 
  i hope he makes a full recovery . 
  i hope everyone injured makes a full recovery . 
  another excellent exercise in democracy . 
  good luck germany !, 
  `` portuguese disease '' has a nice ring to it . 
  please france , do n't take the path that the uk & usa have taken . 
  it 's very possible . 
  i believe that arlene foster and the uk governments tomfoolery has made it more likely than ever . 
  brexit , tory austerity , dup abuse of the petition of concern , and general indifference of the british towards northern ireland has given major ground to the nationalist cause . 
  but it still is n't enough , given the tendency of unionists and loyalists in ni to vote dup no matter what . 
  in my opinion , whilst the nationalist cause has gained momentum , there is still not enough for a united ireland to happen just yet . 
  but i believe it is inevitable . 
  i do n't see the border on this island lasting another 50 years . 
  some more optimistic people might give it less than 20 . 
  at least it was before i fucked everything up, 
  as bright as our future , hopefully . 
  i 'm proud to be european !, 
  although it would be a loss for northern ireland to lose a forward thinking individual such as yourself , i do n't blame you in the slightest . 
  i would do it too if i could . 
  maybe someday . 
  i think there is fairly mixed perception about mao in china . 
  maybe leaning slightly towards positive . 
  ca n't fucking stand irish republicans who rant and rave about non-recognition of british crimes in ireland , but they are slow and hesitant , or outright refuse to condemn the ira . 
  there is absolutely no doubt that people still have favourable views of the criminals of that time , and that 's why northern irish society is still struggling to move forward . 
  elements within the british army , ulster loyalists , and irish republicans all killed innocent people at some point . 
  the sooner people recognise and accept this , the sooner we can start to put the past behind us . 
  too many irish people still hate the british , and vice versa . 
  northern ireland 's status remains subject to the terms of the good friday agreement , the republic of ireland is a sovereign nation , and our countries are at peace with each other . 
  i would hope that everyone who murdered innocents during that time period is brought to justice because atrocities were committed on all sides by all sides . 
  but i doubt that will happen . 
  hey kids , you wan na buy some rafting ? 
  yeah but then we ca n't demonise the eu !, 
  going to lunch in botswana is different to going to lunch in russia . 
  who would have guessed ? 
  no , no , no . 
  freedom and human rights are the foundation of the eu , any country which will not guarantee those should not join . 
   humanitarian groups have played a growing role in rescuing migrants who pay criminal gangs for passage from libya , prompting accusations in italy that they are facilitating people smuggling and encouraging migration . 
  the groups deny this . 
  what is there to deny ? 
  it 's pretty damn obvious that they 're making smugglers jobs easier and more attractive . 
  ca n't blame italy and malta for taking action . 
  play with fire , get burned . 
  i have no sympathy for her whatsoever , she would kill us if she had the chance . 
  eat a bag of dicks . 
  indeed . 
  next they will make an alternative version with a bottle of wine and wedge of cheese, 
  that 's terrifying . 
  europe has gone through so many changes since then , all of our countries are friends & allies now , but the ghosts of old conflicts still linger, 
  and outside the reichstag building no less . 
  and labour advocating brexit gained many seats . 
  it 's not that simple you know . 
  brexit is not going to be stopped . 
  any politician , political party , or organisation advocating blocking brexit is committing political suicide . 
  far-south swedes, 
  staying in the eu is no longer an option , we have to resign ourselves to our doom !, 
  and by doom i mean , brexit not making us better off . 
  when you think about how many shells were fired and how many bombs were dropped , there must still be a lot of unexplored ordnance , particularly around france/belgium/germany . 
  scary indeed, 
  that 's always a good thing !, 
  - the irish taoiseach attended a pride event . 
  - the police attended the march , much to the ire of religious zealots - the city council can now remove bonfire material, 
  of all the generic , cookie cutter slogans they could use , `` make america gay again '' is the one they went for . 
  afaik the `` united kingdom '' has never been occupied , but england and wales have been . 
  the uk , we are the occupiers not the occupied !, 
  imo people seriously overestimate the capability of the russian military . 
  and underestimate the capability of say , the uk and france put together . 
  warsaw uprising was one of the greatest acts of defiance in history, 
  there is only one solution to it all , open europe 's borders of course !, 
  it will help our economies !, 
  delicious, 
  big business would not be my priority . 
  i make no apology for it . 
  belgian chocolate is incredible , i have to say . 
  but in terms of food you would eat for a meal , i love bolognese , lasagne , pizza etc anything involving pasta and sauce is amazing to me !, 
  if i was a french voter it would have been a choice between melenchon and benoit hamon . 
  macron seems alright but i 'm not a fan of his economics, 
  i stand by my opinion that italian food is the greatest food on earth . 
  ice cream is no exception . 
  chocolate might be, 
  mighty polska !, 
  afaik they stick to the city centre area mostly . 
  good man leo .
