  the dup are what holds us back about 50 years . 
  no country was free of its nazis . 
  even in the uk we had fascists who supported the nazi regime . 
  not as much as the company making flags for northern ireland ;-), 
  i do n't feel optimistic about this at all . 
  whole earth is poland !, 
  we need to do less feeling and more thinking . 
  this kind of emotional politics is not good . 
  croatians , your country is safe yes ? 
  it 's not like he got sent to syria . 
  he should be glad that a safe european country was kind enough to take him . 
  is this what neutrality looks like ? 
  i want a slice of that suisse pie, 
  this whole thing is just bullshit on so many levels . 
  we have reached a point where people are forcing themselves on europe with assistance from ngos . 
  this makes a mockery of the law and the asylum process . 
  enough is enough . 
  nationalists across the island are going to be furious , but it would appear reunification is still a long way off based on recent polling . 
  the majority of people here in ni just do n't want it at this point in time . 
  that said , the support for it appears to be on the rise , only time will tell what happens next . 
  a border is not going to go down well in ireland . 
  i 've only heard of nami, 
  nato is simply the us wanting to do something , and 28 countries who decide whether or not to support them . 
  personally i think sweden has the right idea not joining nato . 
  as do finland , ireland , austria , switzerland etc. 
  i also would like to move to one of the nordic countries . 
  i 'm sure they have their own problems , but the way of life just seems like something i would really enjoy . 
  though , spain looks lovely too ;-), 
  do you reckon the nazis were planning on building a few burger kings with all that free space ? 
  the us forces in syria are the recognised armed forces of a nation . 
  the ira were not only waging a war against the british , they were waging a war against protestants too . 
  there 's a reason why the europa hotel is known for being the most bombed hotel in europe . 
  a hotel in the middle of a city is not a military target . 
  when a catholic civilian was murdered by loyalist terrorists , the ira responded by killing protestant civilians . 
  the troubles was a bitter tit-for-tat sectarian conflict , not a war of `` irish liberation '' or whatever they would name it . 
  either the ira were incredibly stupid , or they did not care who got caught up in their bomb attacks . 
  i would think the latter . 
  their innocent victims numbered in the 100s , that 's not just unfortunate collateral damage . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's never gone this far :(, 
  there are too many questions not yet answered . 
  one of the big reasons people want to remain with the uk is the nhs . 
  and they killed civilians , so they 're terrorists . 
  you would have a point if the ira had not harmed any innocents . 
  if recent polls are anything to go by , we 're going with britain wherever, 
  we wo n't let that happen * assemble the royal navy !, 
  lmao , wow, 
  if you noticed the boobs before the smoke , have a seat . 
  this sounds like a good idea !, 
  are there any icelandic car manufacturers ? 
  we all know how good soviet communism was for poland right ? 
  i knew those czechs were up to something, 
  i really want to have a union of european states , but for all the good things the eu does , there are many bad things, 
  you could n't make this shit up . 
  if he was a communist , he would be vehemently opposed to the russian government . 
  just because this crime wo n't spark a political debate about immigration , does n't mean people do n't care . 
  there are no major political topics to discuss with this incident which is why it will get less attention . 
  did sweden secretly annex switzerland without anyone realising ? 
  are ikea meatballs really meat ? 
  a juicy plot unravels !, 
  there was a story i read a couple of years back about a guy who committed suicide with a chainsaw . 
  it was over a housing dispute or something , ca n't remember exactly . 
  it 's more like erdogan is a total asshat, 
  let 's hope she never returns to europe . 
  austria , why are you so stunning ? 
  my opinion of the eu has taken a turn for the worse in recent times . 
  i 'm starting to understand why people feel alienated . 
  that food looks delicious . 
  italian food is amazing, 
  it 's raining outside as i type this . 
  fun times . 
  it 's a dead meme now , is it not ? 
  i for one commend finland . 
  nothing beats an ice cold glass of milk . 
  we shall keep the peace !, 
  britannia will send jerry packing back to berlin again !, 
  only if france and the usa help tho, 
  the whole thing is a huge big mess . 
  communism as the soviet union implemented it was horrific . 
  i 'm not an expert but i 've read a bit of marx and as far as i can tell he said nothing about creating an authoritarian police state where all dissent is met with violent repression and the state has all control as opposed to the workers . 
  nobody can pretend that it was all fine and dandy in the ussr and its puppet states . 
  not trying to be one of those `` it was n't real communism '' people , but there are some aspects of socialism that appeal to me . 
  that said , in the modern world i do n't think anti-capitalism , revolution and radical overhauls of our system are realistic . 
  i resent being labelled as a commie just because i support greater wealth equality , and not allowing capitalism to go unchecked . 
  and there 's people today who actually defend this shit . 
  and also the nazis . 
  soviet communism and fascism decimated europe, 
  uk & ireland win this one lads !, 
  tea all day everyday, 
  if you ask me , we 've got a pretty good thing going with this whole state thing and capitalism thing . 
  it 's important that we fight to defend the poor and disadvantaged , and that we stop the state and big business from becoming too powerful and exploitative , but that does not mean we need to smash shit up and destroy everything . 
  anarchism is just too radical for my tastes . 
  the media is an extremely powerful tool . 
  according to the pro-trump , pro-putin , pro-erdogan media europe is in chaos with daily terror attacks and a crumbling eu , too dangerous to visit . 
  it 's sad how much people can be led by misinformation . 
  well said . 
  some people are so fucking naive and stupid , send a few heart emojis their way and they 'll trust you . 
  clearly these girls and women fail to realise that they 're choosing a life of enslavement , rape , regular beatings , forced marriage , and generally no freedom . 
  daesh are a damn terrorist group , they are n't adhering to human rights laws . 
  the people who go over to join them will learn the hard way .
