[ i 'd guess u/george _ l_rockwell has a pretty rosy view of fascism . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_lincoln_rockwell ), 
  wait , no . 
  * those * trees are yours , but * this * one and * this * one belong to us and always shall !, 
  careful what you wish for . 
  cameron will march the army up north to deal with them , and before you know it the bloody normans will be invading from the south again . 
  devon 's beyond the cider event horizon as well . 
  that 's general sir michael jackson , i 'll have you know . 
  or sarcastically delightful ? 
  do n't be silly - iceland is clearly european on account of that strange non-english language they speak over there . 
  yep , this is definitely what happened and the british were definitely the goodies , as they have been in every conflict around the world . 
  some of us are convinced that we 're on a special british continent , located about halfway between europe and north america . 
  i wonder what speed you need to be going for centripetal force to allow you to enjoy a nice cup of tea while on a thrilling loop-the-loop . 
  i agree . 
  we should just combine all of the kingdoms , install new monarchs where needed , and roll everything together into one big united kingdom . 
  i 'm not sure you lot are in a great position to be gloating about world cup performance either . 
  oh yes , just like the good old days of mrs thatcher pointing to the soviets as the example of sensible economic policy that we should all follow . 
  well that is where you 'd usually expect to find him . 
  it 's more likely than you think . 
  three directions !, 
  even better . 
  i hear the sandworm project is coming along nicely as well . 
  not a fan of an independent king in the north , then ? 
  wow . 
  i can almost understand the czech mix-up if they happened to have a very old map or just really missed the good old days of the cold war , but how on earth did they manage to mess the labels up that badly ? 
  earth is such a prejudiced place . 
  really you humans are very disgusting and immature . 
  ^ the ^ greater ^ good . 
  silly germoney , everyone knows that anglophones always speak proper english . 
  there 's no such thing as too much / r/polandball . 
  yep , that 's what i 've seen of it as well . 
  i did my erasmus year as part of a languages degree , but very few people doing other courses had even heard of the programme , let alone considered taking part in it . 
  it 's a real shame . 
  i 'm not sure what just happened , but it was pretty catchy . 
  [ do n't let denmark see it either . 
  ] ( http://satwcomic.com/wild-ghost ), 
  now you know why they were so determined to go out raiding . 
  back home they had to live in fear of the rampaging cows each night . 
  now that sounds more like the leader of an army of death metal fish . 
  these are n't the german flags we 're looking for . 
  move along . 
  actually , [ it turns out that joseph-ignace guillotin retired from politics and died of natural causes in 1814 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph-ignace_guillotin ) sebastian hanging and lord reginald leffall-injection were however both executed by means of their own inventions . 
  does it still count as dressing up if it 's just your work clothes ? 
  hey now , we 've done some bad things in our time , but i 'm fairly sure that north korea is n't the uk 's fault . 
  apart from ireland , because we 're still hanging on to the north . 
  well then you 've already sent him back to where he came from . 
  problem solved . 
  of course , that 's doing it right . 
  [ everybody will be danzig and feeling it right . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ra5prj7kpke ), 
  well any shifting around of borders has to screw poland over in some way . 
  that 's just a given . 
  germany and turkey both seem to get a very bad deal from this . 
  that 's always how i 've pictured andorra anyway . 
  in that case the vatican is experiencing an unprecedented abundance of popes and should look into the export market for its surplus . 
  one pope in 0.44 km ^ 2 means there are 2.3 popes for every square kilometre of vatican city territory . 
  it has just over [ 2 popes per km ^ 2 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/qi/9930677/qi-some-quite-interesting-facts-about-popes.html ) , which i think is quite interesting . 
  ah , but north korea is even further from india than china is . 
  what does this have to do with socialism ? 
  fair enough then . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  hundreds of millions of euros in tax evasion sounds pretty serious to me . 
  i would , but your defensive headgear is too formidable . 
  silly grumpydingo , how will those benevolent job creators grace us with their presence if we try to limit their enormous salaries ? 
  it 's tradition now . 
  `` all indians are intolerant bastards and i hate them for it ! '', 
  i ca n't help feeling that you may have already held this opinion , europe_falls_2_islam . 
  as scams go , propping up a struggling industry and giving people free cheese has to be one of the more benevolent ones . 
  the arrogance could be in the implication that we enlightened few who take note of this fact must be in in the upper half . 
  working together on a project that benefits us all without being hindered by nationalistic concerns ? 
  ridiculous !, 
  seriously though , this is really encouraging , and could help with further collaborations as well . 
  it all makes sense when you think about it , what with the unusually great internet connections and the rest of the place being ... swindon . 
  please send all applications to : the jewish-muslim-liberal overmind 88 lizard conspiracy road swindon sn1 2jh cases will be processed within 2-3 weeks , and the sweet , sweet neo-nazi gold should start flowing in shortly after that . 
  either that or bavarian police officers ca n't get away from work even when they 're on holiday . 
  one of them - sir robert gale - called the bill [ `` orwellian . 
  '' ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2013/feb/05/gay-marriage-bill-orwellian-tactics ) i ca n't even begin to get my head around how that makes any sense . 
  luckily not all of our representatives share that mindset - 400 to 175 in favour of same-sex marriage is a very encouraging result . 
  [ you speak the truth . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/xmo7qwvy6cu?t=16s ), 
  i can see where you are coming from in terms of the people who actually know you and whose opinions matter to you ( family , friends , boss ) not being affected by these kinds of sweeping generalisations . 
  i would however argue that preconceptions concerning appearance and ability do still have a rather important effect . 
  of course , it 's easy to ignore the prejudiced opinions when they are come from random idiots in the street . 
  you can carry on with your day , go to work and return home to your spouse and friends without being bothered further . 
  this is however not what marginalisation means . 
  marginalisation affects things beyond your control as an individual . 
  want that promotion that you 've been working extra-hard towards ? 
  too bad , you are n't the kind of person the company is looking for . 
  want to get a bank loan and start your own business instead ? 
  do n't be silly , you should leave that to the real entrepreneurs . 
  want to run for public office and try to make a difference in your community ? 
  sorry , a person like you just is n't electable . 
  i agree that society is n't some kind of exclusive club with such sharply defined terms as an `` in '' group and an `` out '' group . 
  however , while it is hard to pin down and certainly is n't the be all and end all in life , these things do have an influence , and commonly-accepted conceptions such as judging a group of people solely on a single characteristic such as appearance is one facet of a larger problem . 
  ok then , imagine that your entire worth as a person were based on your physical appearance . 
  say that if you get to your ideal weight with sculpted muscles and so on , then you get complimented all the time and have to fend off hordes of women who find you unbearably erotic . 
  in fact , if you 're attractive enough , then you 'd be treated as a sexy bit of decoration - good enough to stand around showing off your biceps but it would n't be worth worrying your pretty little head about important things . 
  on the other hand , say that if you remain `` quite fat '' and therefore have to deal with people recoiling in horror at your very appearance . 
  not just finding you unattractive as a matter of personal taste , but actually offended that such a beast would dare show itself in public .
