if the prices were n't this high , i 'd use my phone a lot more when in austria . 
  but with current prices i just have to find a free wifi and in the end i actually spend less . 
  but also ... what 's good for ny might not by good for louisiana and the american states still have many own laws . 
  the mountains are there to climb on . 
  then you get an awesome view . 
  nice to see them protecting russians . 
  to get the best and most important result you need to take the number of medals and divide it with the population of the country ... 
  but it did exist for years after slovenian independence and i was not a citizen anymore . 
   because citizenship is granted when you are born and you ca n't be stripped from it then why did n't i get to keep my yugoslavian citizenship when slovenia became independent ? 
  those are countries where they have their own networks . 
  1 belgian , 5 austrian ( and no slovenian ) coins in my wallet right now . 
  i have a feeling there are actually more austrian than slovenian coins in slovenia . 
  i 've been thinking the same thing . 
  even if they just delay it by a couple of weeks ... it would really show that they care about gamers . 
  someone should start a petition or something ... :p, 
  they are not being forced into selling xbox one in these countries . 
  that is their choice . 
  what they are not allowed to do is block eu citizens from buying xbox one in one country and using it in another . 
  i hate it when we have municipal elections and the people from the village across the river get to vote on policies which affect my village !, 
  what do they know ? 
  we have 3 farms but they have only one farm and a mill !, 
  does n't matter what you defend yourselves from ... as long as you buy american planes , tanks and weapons to do it . 
   the only eu capital without a mosque . 
  ljubljana does n't have a mosque either and there are probably more capitals without one . 
  lets see ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_estonia  ... there are no mosques in the country . 
   see , croatia claimed it first therefore croatia owns it . 
  oh , is that how it works ? 
   bribing judges now you are just making things up . 
  truly desperate . 
  is n't croatia controlling most of the questionable territory ? 
  that 's because it rushed in 25 years ago and claimed it for itself . 
  you even build a border checkpoint on it , while slovenia moved back and said `` ok , we 'll talk about this later '' . 
  so now if slovenia loses it mostly `` loses '' territory that croatia already controls . 
  some people ( like jo\u0161ko joras who build his house in slovenia but now you claim he lives in croatia ) would be upset but at least it 's settled and we can stop arguing . 
  but if croatia loses then it needs to admit they controlled territory that was n't theirs . 
  and if the surveillance leaks tell the truth then croatia will definitely lose something it currently controls ( and we all know it eventually will ) and that would make your government look really bad to it 's voters . 
  so i think it 's clear that croatia actually does n't want this to be done any time soon . 
  it 's also been playing the nationalist card for a long time ... which is understandable since nationalism always rises in failing economies and croatia has always been much more nationalistic than slovenia . 
  but nationalism will only help incompetent politicians while having good relations with your neighbours will help your country . 
  and i 'm not really sure why croatia is so opposed to slovenia having access to international waters . 
  i think it 's fair ... but let the arbitration decide instead of dragging this on for 25 more years . 
  and look at bosnia ... they have almost no coast and you you still want to block whatever they have with your bridge !, 
  poor guys ... 
  so , yea ... our dude fucked but if croatia were the good guys you 'd propose a solution instead of undermining every effort to solve this once and for all . 
  you think your guy was n't influencing others ? 
  they know both of them represent their countries and they know what each of them said . 
  if they thought it was unfair they 'd stop it . 
  and yet ... they want it to go on . 
  and admitting cheating ? 
  yes , he took responsibility and we replaced him with a foreign judge to make sure it does n't happen again . 
  meanwhile your dude is still living right at your embassy , right ? 
  what do you think they talk about at breakfast ? 
  sure , he has n't be caught but illegal surveillance would n't hold in any court anyway . 
  and even if the whole arbitration starts from scratch with other judges . 
  what do you think will happen then ? 
  they 'll get to the same conclusion when presented with the facts . 
  our guy fucked up , got caught ( possibly by croatian spies ) and resigned . 
  slovenia , the arbitration court and the european commission all want it to go on and think croatia ca n't just leave when it does n't go their way . 
  the thing is ... elections are coming up in croatia . 
  the economy is n't doing very well ... so they needed to find external enemies if they want people to vote for them . 
  are things really worse in greece than in macedonia , albania or other neighbouring countries ? 
  probably not in this case but ... rt are real experts at that : put some actors here , some there , shoot from the correct angle , etc. . . 
  nothing left to lose ? 
  you are still better off than any of your neighbouring countries ... 
  they get all sundays off and they do what ? 
  maybe go out for lunch ? 
  maybe go spend time at some kind of resort ( swimming , skiing , etc. . . ) ? 
  or maybe they just stay at home and watch tv ? 
  each of these things requires people to work on sundays !, 
  so why are only stores closed ? 
  why did all of my family members have to work on sundays so that the shop clerks can enjoy their day off ? 
  what makes them so special ? 
  if that was the real reason , then there would be no tv on sundays , restaurants would be closed , cinemas would be closed , ski centers would be closed , everything would be closed . 
  even the church would be closed . 
  oh ... now we are getting there , are n't we ? 
  the church needs people to come there instead of going shopping ... and that is the real reason they are so concerned about `` shop clerks '' . 
  i think that 's the joke . 
  where does it say they came to sweden as refugees or migrants ? 
  there are probably easier ways to enter a country ... 
  those must be the people who think interesting content just appears in their browser magically and without cost . 
  we win !, 
   misogynist , anti-social , inhuman , racist , homophobic so ... they are pretty much what people say muslim immigrants are ? 
  this is actually a great example of uk politics regarding the eu . 
  they always blame some `` captain '' but he does n't even exist . 
  it 's democracy and everyone voted on the route to take . 
  there is also no iceberg . 
  only the uk sees it and it thinks everyone else is blind . 
  and now it 's saying `` turn the way i want or i 'll jump off the ship '' ... 
  no one likes a bully ... what a surprise !, 
  and you are a bully : you have the power to do a lot of good for the eu but you spend it all on getting special deals that no one else can get . 
  we do n't want you to leave . 
  but the eu is a team effort and the uk is not a team player . 
  all you do is complain about the eu and demand special rules and exceptions for yourselves ... 
  they do use their power ... but only to get all kinds of special deals from the eu . 
  i have a friend who wanted to move from slovenia to australia . 
  he found some guy who would arrange the visa , a place to stay and a job . 
  and he kept paying and paying that guy ... there was always some complication and he had to pay a bit more and more . 
  that was a couple of years ago . 
  he is still in slovenia . 
   as explained by this [ 1 ] comment , they grouped marriage and adoption rights together .
