why would you be against a referendum ? 
  there is a ` yes ' option , you know . 
  i do n't know why you guys respond so negatively about this referendum . 
  why should we ( the netherlands ) want to have extremely poor countries like ukraine and moldova inside the eu . 
  i mean , these countries will cost us lot of money if they are a member state at some point . 
  most people in the netherlands do n't want such countries to be part of the eu . 
  given that people of the eu have little to say about the politics in the union , this is a way of expressing that . 
  i signed for it , and i will not regret it . 
  prague is a beautiful city . 
  it 's not super big and it has several great buildings . 
  i think the european parliament should have more power , e.g. 
  right of initiative . 
  i do n't want change for my country alone , i want the eu to be more democratic . 
  starting with an electable european commission and a parliament with european political parties rather than a bunch of local parties . 
  edit : grammar, 
  hungarian people : is this the only party that can beat that fidesz party in the parliamental elections ? 
  if so , i 'm sorry for you guys having to deal with two parties that are a thread to international relationships . 
   if we continue the existing trend , [ the year ] 2038 will mark disaster for us , erdogan warned in may 2010 . 
  well , i know erdogan does n't really like kurdish people , but saying these things wo n't help solving the current situation at all . 
  in fact , it imo is disgraceful to say such things to your own countrymen . 
  edit : grammar, 
  that seems like a decent idea to me , but i think it 's juridically impossible to `` claim '' eu-camps outside the union . 
  also , what to do with the refugees if the war wo n't end ? 
  it 's not exactly their fault , i believe . 
  i think is and the lack of concrete eu-wide solutions are to blame for the current crisis . 
  if peace will come to the syrian/iraq region , the root of the cause of this problem is mostly tackled . 
  bringing peace to that region is more of an utopia these days , so the eu should come with decent , concrete en effective measures to tackle or at least in some way handle the crisis . 
  if the eu fails in that , things will get more and more complicated . 
  this is the most reliable and recent poll i can find : http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/ja-kamp-oekraine-referendum-loopt-in-op-tegenstanders~a4235784/, 
  hmm , it would be strange of rutte to say those things in front of television ( people would get angry and that 's bad for the polls of ruttes party ) . 
  i 'm not sure what his motives would be , if he indead said that, 
  have n't heard such things . 
  do you have sources ? 
  are you really that ignorant ? 
  rutte has n't said a word yet how our government is going to deal with the outcome of the referendum . 
  also , our cabinet does n't decide how many voting booths are provided ; the municipalities decide that . 
  i will be voting for the association agreement on april 6th , but i think ( and as the polls show ) that roughly 55-60 % will vote against the association agreement . 
  i do n't know what will happen if the agreement is rejected by the dutch , but i think it 's a little bit undemocratic when the eu ( with its 500,000,000 inhabitants v.s. 
  17,000,000 dutch ) cancels the whole agreement . 
  anyway , it 's going to be interesting what will happen after the referendum . 
  the uk has been an arrogant b * tch since it joined the eu , they would n't care about the irish . 
  i would vote yes , but i also think that the eu should reform drastically . 
  it needs to be more transparent , democratic and more communicative to its citizens . 
  as far as schengen is concerned , i would still want our country to be part of it , althought this refugee crisis is beginning to shift my opinion a little bit . 
  but for me , the pros outweight the cons . 
  i would vote for the euro , but i would only do that if greece would n't be allowed to join in . 
  why is n't this happening yet ? 
  seems to me like a proper european idea . 
  also , it 's in line of the european integration , so i do n't see why this thing has n't passed yet . 
  i do n't hate any team in particular , but i think the most supported and the most hated team in the netherlands is ajax afca from amsterdam . 
  some ajax fans are pretty arrogant , especially in the early days . 
  in my province ( limburg ) most people tend to hate ( hate is a big word , but i 'm going to use it anyway ) maastricht , the capital of our province . 
  some people in my provincie also '' hate '' the football club roda jc kerkrade , who have been the most successful football team for the last past decades . 
  as said , i do n't think the wordt ` hate ' is the right word , but the most people tend to see them in a negative way rather than in a positive one . 
  edit : grammar, 
  but not every country in europe is a member state ... 
  this is a logical response to the referendum , because it would be useless to hold one if the agreement would already be running . 
  i hope that our parliament will listen to the people 's verdict for once . 
  where to start ... wilders is as `` awful '' or even more awful than the others in your list . 
  also , the pvv is almost certainly not going to be a part of the next coalition . 
  all other parties have said that they do n't want to be in a coalition with the pvv . 
  even the current biggest party and centre-right vvd said that a lot has to change before they are willing to cooperate with them . 
  the pvv is only narrowly leading in one of [ the five different polling sites ] ( http://frontbencher.nl/peilingen/ ) another one has the pvv at the same level as the vvd and the three others show us the vvd having a big lead over them, 
  rutte himself was in favor of the treaty and he wants to find a compromise between the no-camp and ukraine . 
  i meant that the people should punish him in elections . 
  although i dislike wilders and his '' freedom '' party , i do n't think he should be prosecuted for this . 
  the things he said are imo despicable , but the people are the ones that should punish him for this ( through not voting for him ) . 
  however , i think wilders is the biggest hypocrite in our parliament , because he said our pm should be prosecuted . 
  he also said our judges are biased and he called our parliament fake . 
  but , then again , that 's what all demagogues do . 
  note : he is n't ( yet ) punished for his statement , the court still has to decide . 
  edit : i meant that people should punish him in elections . 
  as much as i 'd like to see scotland to remain in the eu , i do n't think independence is in scotland 's best interest . 
  the uk is a bigger trading partner for them than europe is . 
  do n't worry , our conservative-liberal party vvd ( alde ) , which always moves to the right when we approach elections , is catching up or even going ahead of the pvv . 
  we always see a surge in the polls for the pvv , but in the end either his voters stay home or vote for vvd or even sp . 
  little bit off topic , but i always wonder why fidesz is part of the ( pro-eu ) epp group in the eu parliament . 
  they fit much better in the ecr group , especially after this referendum . 
  yes , march 15th 2017 . 
  he is trying to get votes from wilders ' pvv . 
  and , according to the polls , it works . 
  wilders wo n't win , so we can scrap that one . 
  where exactly am i being a dick ? 
  i responded to someone who said we should be kicked out of the eu . 
  i tried to explain why that is a bad idea and i did n't insult anyone . 
  i even said i might be biased . 
  that 's very down to earth for me . 
   growth is also greater in a fair bit of the eastern member states and sweden correct , i do n't exactly know why sweden has a high growth , but it is quite logical that countries with a lower gdp per capita grow faster than those who already have a high gdp per capita . 
   we 're not doing that much better than the germans or the austrians actually . 
  also correct , but these countries are also doing well . 
  it 's not a shame being in the same category as germany . 
  ( besides , germany is vital for the dutch economy , and the dutch economy is important , though to a lesser extent , to germany ) . 
   besides being a founding member , i do n't see why we would rank much higher than ireland in importance . 
  they might have fewer people living on their island , but there is a huge diaspora of irish people all over the world . 
  they are also more attached to their identity than dutch emigrants seem to be . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  ireland has barely 5 million citizens , while there are 17 million dutch citizens . 
  irish diaspora has nothing to do with the eu , because those people are n't eu citizens . 
  that said , i do think irish people are great , but ireland as a whole is far less important to the eu than we are . 
  founding member , check .
