  pays most contribution to eu per capita , check . 
  biggest trading port in europe and western world , check . 
  one of the healthiest and prosperos economies , check . 
  i may be biased because i am dutch , but we are far more important to the eu than 22 other members . 
   u.k. labour leader jeremy corbyn on wednesday signaled that his party will not support britain 's continued membership of the european single market after brexit . 
   in comments that will dismay many europhile mps within his own party , the opposition leader 's official spokesman said there were `` aspects '' of single market membership that corbyn opposed and the labour party would instead support `` access '' to the single market for goods and services -- as opposed to full membership . 
   speaking in the house of commons wednesday , the labour leader also railed against what he called `` free trade dogma '' and urged prime minister theresa may to realign britain 's place in the world with a trade policy that `` values human rights and human dignity . ''  corbyn 's spokesman said the labour leader opposed the pressure for privatization of public services and restrictions on state aid that accompany full single market membership . 
   `` there 's a question of what the single market actually means because it 's often interpreted to mean the whole collection of treaties and directives around the four basic pillars of the eu in free trade , goods , services , labor and so on . 
  there are aspects of that which jeremy campaigned against in the referendum campaign , '' the spokesman said . 
   the u.k. government has given mixed signals on its intentions with regards to the single market in recent days . 
   david davis , the brexit minister , said monday that continued membership was `` very improbable '' on the grounds that freedom of movement is a condition of membership . 
  immigration was a key issue in britain 's eu referendum and control of the borders is likely to be a red line for the government in future negotiations with brussels . 
   however , may 's spokesperson said tuesday that davis had merely been `` setting out his view . '' the prime minister told mps wednesday that she would not be giving a `` running commentary '' on the u.k. 's negotiating position with regards to the single market question . 
  why is the afd bigger in the former ddr than in the rest of germany ? 
   schulz the other three have much in common , but i find it hard to compare schultz with the others . 
  first , i do n't say catalonia should n't be independent nor do i say they should be . 
  i am dutch and it 's not my matter ; it 's a catalan/spanish matter . 
  but i 've to say that the baltics lived under a communist and totalitarian regime back then , with gulags and so on . 
  i know one can say spain is not perfect , but it is far worse living under a ussr rule than under a spanish one . 
  comparing catalan independence with the baltic one is comparing apples with oranges . 
  well , italy still is europe 's 4th economy ( even though it 's an unhealthy one ) , so no surprises looking at those statistics, 
  well , the referendum itself not so much ( perhaps apart from the anti-establishment message ) , but brexit polls [ showed us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum ) roughly a 50-50 divide between the two camps . 
  i 'm not italian , but i think it 's an anti-establishment thing . 
  this what the article says :  much like brexit in the uk , the referendum is increasingly being seen as a way for italians to air their general discontent with the establishment , in large part because renzi swore that he would leave politics if the referendum did not go his way . 
  if he loses his gamble , the results of the referendum could have vast consequences for italy and the whole of europe . 
  a defeat could potentially open the door to a new national election that could see the eurosceptic , populist five star movement push the democratic party out of power . 
  polls are pretty much [ 50-50 right now ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_constitutional_referendum,_2016#opinion_polls ) , comparable to the brexit polling . 
   `` the situation is serious , '' boubakeur told bfmtv . 
  `` time has come to come together so as not to be divided . '', 
  i completely agree with him . 
  things like this show us that we as a society stand stronger together than being divided by seeing the world as ` us ' and ` them ' . 
  i know the current events can be interpretated as a result of the partly failed integration of muslims in the western world , but isis and others thrive out of a divided society . 
  therefore , i believe that the best thing we can do is try not to blame all muslims or islam itself , but come together with solutions . 
   my guess is that we 'll exchange single market access in certain areas for some controls on free movement . 
  i thought that being part of a single market requires members to provide free movement of people of that single market . 
   a single market ( sometimes called ` internal market ' ) allows for people , goods , services and capital to move around a union as freely as they do within a single country -- instead of being obstructed by national borders and barriers as they were in the past . 
  ( http://europa.eu ) if the brits are stubborn enough to restrict freedom of movement , they are in fact seeking for common market access . 
  this means that trade barriers like administrative procedures and other requirements still remain . 
  not an ideal situation for both the uk and the eu . 
  the eu would lose a lot of leverage towards other countries if the uk somehow manages to restrict movement of people , while it being practically member of the single market . 
  i think there should n't be '' pleasure without pain '' for the uk . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  if mandatory , yes . 
  but i 'd prefer not to . 
  same answer as the previous one . 
  yes . 
  unfortunately not . 
  that 's the point . 
  switzerland has voted to restrict freedom of movement and liechtenstein has an opt-out if i remember correctly ( i do n't know the exact deal ) . 
  can someone explain why this would n't work for the uk ? 
  nb : i am a proponent of the four freedoms , but i am curious whether one can have access to a single ( or common for that matter ) market without freedom of movement . 
  disgusting guy . 
  as much as i 'd like to see more international business coming to tallinn , i do n't think that is going to happen . 
  i think it will be hard for businesses to settle in a small country , pretty far away from the stronger european economies ( german , french , dutch , belgian etc. ) . 
  i also think business employees do n't want to go to tallinn ( cold climate , relatively small and unknown city in the world ) . 
  i would love to be proven wrong though , i really want estonia to be doing well . 
  that , for one , i can agree on . 
  so why bother coming to sub ? 
  but you ca n't really compare the different situations . 
  the uk has/had a healthy economy with good economic prospects , while the french future is n't that bright . 
  brexit changed things pretty much . 
  edit : i see you 're a / r/the _ donald guy . 
  i rest my case . 
  apples and oranges . 
   i think that we will see elections in catalonia this year . 
  why , i thought catalonia voted last year or so and that they currently have a stable coalition ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  i personally really hope the scots rejoin the eu . 
  good ol' boris . 
   russia has held unannounced exercises on the borders of the baltics , including one in 2014 which mustered 100,000 troops , according to danish colonel jakob sogard larsen , who heads the new nato command outpost in lithuania . 
  seems like nato and russia both provoke eachother , and i have no idea why . 
  russia knows they can only threaten to attack certain countries , but will never attack a nato or eu country , because that will initiate wwiii . 
  i admit putin can be a madman , but i think it 's highly unlikely he will indeed go further than provoking other countries . 
  if so , he '' only '' can '' attack '' countries like belarus ( but russia and belarus are friends ) , georgia ( he did that already ) , ukraine ( he might still give weapons to the rebels ) and azerbiedzjan ( he has no reason to attack them , as they do n't really have a russian minority ) . 
  nato , on the other hand , has little to win in provoking russia . 
  maybe the baltic countries , poland etc. 
  will feel safer when us/nato troops march true their country , but i think sending more and more military personal to this area is not the right way to do that . 
  the general opionion of the dutch ( including myself ) is that they want britain to remain in the eu , because our countries have similar interests in the eu ( mainly trade-stimulation etc. ) . 
  on top of that , the uk is a net-contributor like us . 
  that are the main reasons i want the remain side to win . 
  however , there are on both sides of the eu-sprectrum people who want to get rid of the uk . 
  europhiles want futher integration and that 's harder when the uk is around , so they would n't mind the uk leaving . 
  on the other hand europhobes want you out , hoping for a collapse of the eu . 
  why are almost all british media/tabloids so keen on giving people advice how to vote for the referendum , anyway ? 
  here in the netherlands newspapers usually do n't give their opinion about elections etc. , apart of some exceptions . 
  i do n't see the point in it , because people will decide for themselves where to vote for , not what newspapers think they should vote for . 
  sources are saying that the pilot was able to get off the plane ; he is unharmed . 
  edit : it seems like the pilot has been brought to the hospital , but he is doing well under the circumstances . 
  edit 2 : for any non-dutch here . 
  the tldr is the plane , a f-5 , crashed after engine trouble . 
  the pilot ejected , but crashed through glass upon landing . 
  he was brought to hospital and is doing well all things considered . 
  speculation is that the fighter may have collided with one of its 5 accompanying fighters , as damage was found on the underside tail section of another ( thanks to / u/lazorgunz ), 
  given the extremely close result with '' regular '' votes , i 'd say it is very likely . 
  but i 'm not an austrian and i do n't know much about austrian demographics and how much different the postal votes are from the '' regular '' votes . 
  choosing between melenchon and le pen is like choosing between cutting off 1 ( melenchon ) or 2 legs ( le pen ) , imo . 
  you 're always welcome back , 
  the polls were pretty accurate in the netherlands and in austria , if any they overestimated the right-wing populists in both elections . 
  although i do n't think this will happen , it would be hilarious if they do n't manage to get past the threshold .
