  the losers are primarily the lesser educated people , who suffer due to the competition of ( cheap ) labor . 
  what does kukiz actually stand for ? 
  i ca n't really find anything on the internet except from their anti-establishment and anti-communism view . 
  em is n't an alde member ( yet ) . 
  rip greens , by the way . 
  well , you do n't get downvoted if you say you support vvd ( or cda a similar centre-right party ) , but odds are you will be getting downvoted if you critizise left-wing parties . 
  fortunately , it is n't as bad as / r/uk , / r/politics and / r/de , i think . 
  how would you describe the average cdu voter ? 
  are they really conservative or are they just the rural/suburban middle class who want a ` strong and stable ' government ? 
  i remember a statistic showing that 65 % or so of cdu voters back gay marriage . 
  do n't be a commie , 
  where did they go ? 
  centre ? 
   socialism in 2017 . 
  [ i found this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq3kptkhaog ) , but it is n't hd . 
  inb4 tories getting 375 seats . 
  press release from the european commission :  today the commission is launching a european defence fund to help member states spend taxpayer money more efficiently , reduce duplications in spending , and get better value for money . 
  announced by president juncker in september 2016 , and backed by the european council in december 2016 , the fund will coordinate , supplement and amplify national investments in defence research , in the development of prototypes and in the acquisition of defence equipment and technology . 
   vice-president for jobs , growth , investment and competitiveness jyrki katainen said : `` people across europe are worried about their and their children 's security . 
  complementing our cooperation with nato , we need to do more and better ourselves . 
  today we are showing that we walk the talk . 
  the fund will act as a catalyst for a strong european defence industry which develops cutting-edge , fully interoperable technologies and equipment . 
  member states will remain in the driving seat , get better value for their money -- and ultimately see their influence increased . '', 
   commissioner el\u017cbieta bie\u0144kowska , responsible for internal market , industry , entrepreneurship and smes , added : `` europe must become a security provider . 
  the fund will support collaborative research in defence and the joint development of defence capabilities . 
  it will therefore be a game-changer for the eu 's strategic autonomy and the competitiveness of europe 's defence industry -- including the many smes and mid-cap companies forming the european defence supply chain . '', 
   the european defence fund has two strands :  * research : the research aspect of the fund is already delivering . 
  starting in 2017 , the eu will for the first time offer grants for collaborative research in innovative defence technologies and products , fully and directly funded from the eu budget . 
  projects eligible for eu funding will focus on priority areas previously agreed by member states , and could typically include electronics , metamaterials , encrypted software or robotics . 
  this will be financed with :  - $ 90 million until the end of 2019 , with $ 25 million allocated for 2017 . 
  a call for proposals is being launched today for projects in the areas of unmanned systems in a naval environment and soldiers systems . 
  the signature of the first grant agreements is expected by the end of this year . 
   - $ 500 million per year after 2020 . 
  in 2018 , the commission will propose a dedicated eu defence research programme with an estimated annual budget of $ 500 million making the eu one of the biggest defence research investors in europe . 
   * development and acquisition : the fund will create incentives for member states to cooperate on joint development and the acquisition of defence equipment and technology through co-financing from the eu budget and practical support from the commission . 
  member states may for example jointly invest in developing drone technology or satellite communication , or bulk buy helicopters to reduce costs . 
  only collaborative projects will be eligible , and a proportion of the overall budget will be earmarked for projects involving cross-border participation of smes . 
  the eu will offer co-financing with :  - $ 500 million in total for 2019 and 2020 , under a dedicated defence and industrial development programme proposed today . 
   - $ 1 billion per year after 2020 . 
  a more substantial programme will be prepared for post-2020 , with an estimated annual budget of $ 1 billion . 
  the programme will leverage national financing with an expected multiplying effect of 5 . 
  it could therefore generate a total investment in defence capability development of $ 5 billion per year after 2020 . 
   an ambitious european defence fund will contribute to a european union that protects and defends its citizens , complementing other ongoing work strands , namely the global strategy 's implementation plan on security and defence , which sets out a new level of ambition for the union and identifies actions to fulfil it , as well as with the implementation of the eu-nato joint declaration signed by the president of the european council , the president of the commission and the secretary-general of nato . 
   with the support of the european parliament and member states , the european defence fund can quickly become the engine powering the development of the european security and defence union that citizens expect . 
  looking ahead , and following the commission 's white paper on the future of europe , today the commission is also publishing a reflection paper to launch a public debate on how the eu at 27 might develop by 2025 in the area of defence . 
   ** background **  in his political guidelines in june 2014 , european commission president juncker made strengthening european citizens ' security a priority . 
  president juncker announced the creation of a european defence fund in his 2016 state of the union address . 
   there is a strong economic case for greater cooperation on defence spending amongst eu countries . 
  the lack of cooperation between member states in the field of defence and security is estimated to cost annually between $ 25 billion and $ 100 billion . 
  80 % of procurement and more than 90 % of research and technology are run on a national basis . 
  up to 30 % of annual defence expenditures could be saved through pooling of procurement . 
   the fragmented approach when it comes to defence also leads to unnecessary duplication and affects the deployability of defence forces . 
  there are 178 different weapon systems in the eu , compared to 30 in the us . 
  there are 17 different types of main battle tanks in the eu and only one in the us . 
  there are more helicopter producers in europe than governments able to buy them . 
   on 30 november 2016 , the commission presented the european defence action plan , which outlined how a european defence fund and other actions can support member states ' more efficient spending in joint defence capabilities , strengthen european citizens ' security and foster a competitive and innovative industrial base . 
  the initiative was welcomed by eu leaders during the european council meetings in december 2016 and march 2017 and the commission was given a mandate to present the proposals it is presenting today . 
  i have little knowledge about slovakian politics , but looking at the alternatives to smer-sd , i do n't think one can really blame people for voting them . 
  i mean , the only major party that is n't socially conservative/neo-nazi/far-left is a liberal party ( sas ) . 
  is em not in alde yet , although modem ( macron 's ally ) is . 
  so much salt . 
  the golden dawn is a disgrace to democracy . 
  any chance that sebastian kurz will lead the \u00d6vp next elections ? 
  i heard that he is really popular in austria and that the \u00d6vp might become the biggest party if he is leader . 
  how come that corsica was so close ? 
  i always thought they had an own culture , different from the rest of france , and that the seperatists where quite strong there . 
  euro might get a small boost if macron wins , but i do n't think it will change that much ( ~ ~ maybe from 1.10 to 1.13 ~ ~ i just saw you meant the eur-gbp relation , so euro might get from 0.85 to ~ 0.88 , but it remains a big guess ) . 
  i think the euro will drop significantly if le pen wins , though . 
  i despise le pen and her party , but calling them fascist is n't fair . 
  the term ` fascism ' is really subjected to inflation when using it all the time to frame the populist right . 
  her farther may have been a fascist , but she is just a right-wing political and perhaps xenophobic nutjob . 
  i do n't think so , because cdu/csu and die gr\u00fcne differ too much . 
  cdu/csu + spd is the most likely combination , i think . 
  why is babis so popular in the czech republic ? 
  i mean , his ano policy platform is considered pro-european , populistic and syncretic at the same time and i find that combination quite odd , but despite this facts ano dominates the polls . 
  and that with the far-left syriza in power , who would have seen that coming a couple of years ago . 
  what 's your lv\u017ds stand on the eu ? 
  i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  spoiler : wo n't happen . 
  the afd is moving further and further to the right . 
  first lucke stepping down , now petry . 
  if even the somewhat more '' moderates '' are abandoning the afd ( petry is moderate compared to the likes of bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke and alexander gauland ) the afd is doomed to fail . 
  i think both le pen and melenchon are dangerous to both france and the eu , but only le pen wants to exclude people in french society . 
  i really hope , for the sake of both the eu and france , that the french do n't let the wrong kind of populism win . 
  all four candidates within the margin of error . 
  it is going to be really interesting to watch the outcome next sunday . 
  also , is polling alowed upcoming week ? 
  i though i 'd read that polls are prohibited a few days before the election , but i 'm not sure . 
  still better than english tabloids . 
  where i live i ( dutch province of limburg ) we have creatures called '' alvermannekes '' ( every village has a different way to spell this word ) . 
  alvermannekes are benign dwarves who helped poor people and farmers with their daily labour . 
  nothing scary , really . 
  i have n't heard any ( major ) party advocating it , so i 'm curious which one did . 
  either abolishing our monarchy or saying anything negative about * zwarte piet * . 
  yeah , it has the same meaning as ` jan met de pet ' . 
  either ` jan met de pet ' or ` henk ( male ) en ingrid ( female ) ' here in the netherlands . 
  we indeed have our own [ biblebelt ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/55/sgpstemmen1.png/300px-sgpstemmen1.png ) . 
  it runs through the middle of the country and the darker the colour , the more likely people in that area vote for the sgp ( real theocratic party , they did n't allow women into the party as recently as ~ 2013 ) . 
  most of the people living in that area function just normal in our society , so they are not like the amish or something like that . 
   talks of nexit i do n't think that will happen .
