but . . rubber products dont have software in them . . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ obviously ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joke . . 
  you mean microsoft argue to the ec . 
  last time i checked nokia was bought by ms. oracles major contributor is ms. 
  so , microsoft . 
  you 're very missleading , as you both edit the quotes from migrationsverket and link articles that clearly do not support your point . 
  first off , that quote you did / if you actually read the decision made by migrationsverket , you would see that the actual quote is :  uppeh\u00e5llstillst\u00e5nd som beviljas med st\u00f6d av 4 kap 2 \u00a7 f\u00f6rsta punkten f\u00f6rsta ledet utl\u00e4nningslagen ( 2005:716 ) p\u00e5 grund av den r\u00e5dande generella s\u00e4kerhetssituationen ** b\u00f6r ** i normalfallet vara permanenta i dont know if you are swedish , but b\u00d6r is a qualifier word . 
  and why use a qualifier word ? 
  because there is still an individual judgment upon every person who arrives in sweden . 
  do you speak swedish ? 
  because in the videos you are linking , they are saying that the `` people who have already arrived , have the right to stay permanently , also bringing their families for unification '' . 
  none of the articles you link , claims that any one who gets here , are free to stay permanently , but any new arrivals will still have to be judged on a person to person basis to see if they qualify ( first as the term refugee ) , but also by utl\u00e4nningslagen kap 4 par . 
  to further hammer home the point : [ from the 13th of september , also in english ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/50226/20130913/ ), 
  just to clear this up once and for all . 
  sweden has not `` declared everyone from syria to have a permanent stay in sweden '' . 
  that is wrong . 
  the news ( from last week ) said that the exiles who escaped the syrian war ( and was already in sweden ) , was declared permanent stay because they dont know how long the conflict will last . 
  any refugees coming to sweden will get a individual evaluation upon whether or not they are free to stay . 
  . . and let the shit storm of racial slurs , radical right-wing nuts and xenophobes begin !, 
  you deserve a gold for effort , seriously thought - did not expect you to do so well ( no offence meant ) , kind of wished you 'd beaten our butts to for shock value . 
  probably not . 
  i think the import tax will be the vehicle tax you would normally pay when buying from a salesman/woman . 
  i think . 
  yeah , figured . 
  another thing worth mentioning is , that if you buy a vehicle from lets say france , then want to register it in austria , you have to pay import tax on that vehicle . 
  please be aware of this , as well . 
  do what i did when i went to the us ; go to a european embassy ( i went to the us ) , and apply for a european drivers license - i also asked the us personel about any other details i should know . 
  embassy people are trained to know these kinds of things , they should be able to help you easily . 
  maybe call them first . 
  europe is not a country , so it will be very hard to answer - depending completely on where you land there will be different lands , dififerent rules and different laws that apply . 
  some things to keep in mind : 1 . 
  i think you need to convert your american drivers license into a european one to be able to drive - at least i think so . 
  ownership needs to be registered , i dont know how it works in the us , but i think youre better off renting something . 
  just some things that comes to mind . 
  i wish you the best of luck in your travel , but i think this requires more planning than spontaneously taken the first best thing . 
  that was beautiful . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  as a swede who got a job as a developer in germany . 
  thank you , 
  upvote for truth , but i also have the right to question it !, 
  you 're not really that bothered ? 
  my one-line post about ` insinuating ' that you have an agenda kind of states differently . 
  as for my discourse of questioning you , is well within both the discussion of the article , and within the subreddit . 
  thank you for contributing , but that does n't give you a totalitarian command of people questioning if you are trying to create a biased discussion . 
  my argument was that you have a very conservative post-based history , something that tends to be very anti-european in my opinion , and if it was n't true , i did appologize earlier for the inconvenience of falsely labeling you . 
  i wish you a good day , sir . 
  no , it didnt !, 
  it literary tells people to check what you write !, 
  as for the first part , ive already disclaimed that argument . 
  as for the critical viewing , i dont really understand what the issue is , discredited articles comes from discredited sources , bud - and in our case , you are the source . 
  i would not believe an article linked to me to be true just because it comes from `` a valid medium '' . 
  more like mussolini !, 
  my first post , in case you 're reading into it too much was to ` check your post history ' to let people agree/disagree with it . 
  as for sharing , that is what we indeed do here , but you have to ask yourself what the right medium is . 
  maybe this would have been better of posted at a romanian/belgium subbreddit . 
  secondly , me telling people to have a critic view on the article do add to the discussion , and a discussion itself is kind of pointless if the information is based on a biased source , because all of the discussion would be about the biased and unfair coverage . 
  let me explain how i was arguing . 
  i skimming through your first post history the first thing that popped up was that you had an agenda on anti-european tendencies . 
  normally the gb tend to have very strong views either way in my opinion , and i thought you were trying to spread biased news on the base of this article . 
  ( i guess one of the bigger handicaps of having a degree in pr/media-communication ) . 
  i did a more thorough inspection and skimmed through and even though you might not have agenda ( which , if you dont , i appologize of accusing you for ) the article clearly does . 
  not meant as offense , but you post in ukpolitics , and in conservatism - then an article that , in my opinion , has a negative angle on the entire european union , instead of this isolated case between bulgaria/romania ( if i understood this article ) . 
  it feels like its meant to shed union wide paranoia on a very small issue . 
  well this guy doesnt have an agenda , check ajehals post history . 
  this is just so silly that it makes me laugh . 
  haha , i loved it . 
  woah . 
  pok\u00e9mon is more deep than i remember it !, 
  see ? 
  it would talk so much more to me if there was more realism in it :( . 
  maybe just call it paris and go for more realism/a real street layout from paris . 
  if i know my pokemon games right , theyre all set in a fiction world . 
  so , it wouldnt be paris , or any other euopean city . 
  i would probably be interestd in seing a digital renditioning of europe if it actually was europe , but the only thing it will have in common is fauna and maybe the same type of landscaping . 
  and thats not very appealing . 
  didnt want to be construed as rude , so i figured it didnt hurt . 
  i could not care less . 
  ... let me explain . 
  a good game is not based on location , but on gameplay . 
  so if the new pok\u00e9mon games ( x&y right ? ), 
  are gon na be good , its not because its played in a europe-environment , but because it has a solid gameplay . 
  due note , this is a personal opinion and not based on fact ( s ) . 
  having gone to both american high school ( s ) , universities and swedish public high & upper secondary school , universities i can tell there is a lot of things different . 
  the first and foremost thing i can tell you being different is the goals you wish to fill . 
  in sweden , you work according to goals that will make an individual independent and skeptic , meanwhile in the us the goals were more to fulfill certain knowledge criteria ( s ) . 
  i always felt that the sweden system was most all rounded where to goal was not to cram facts like , `` when did world war ii start '' , but instead asking why . 
  meanwhile in the states it was more of a matter of knowing facts . 
  but it is just my personal experience . 
  i bet to differ , look at swedens approach to world diplomacy , we like to call it ` silent diplomacy ' , and this has been worked bother over at imprisoned journalists in eritrea ( like dawit isaak , google the name and read the shame ) and a much newer case i cant at the moment not recollect the name of . 
  we have a policy : dont get involved , that the picture the general populous experience when we speak about diplomacy . 
  im sorry buddy : x its just that youre really painting that picture . 
  belarus ambassador got kicked out of stockholm , so yeah . 
  we 're even , you undemocratic buffoons . 
  i sense sarcasm and bitterness . 
  do n't worry dear neighbor to the west !, 
  together we can fight anything . 
  just look at the nation between us and how they dealt with terror . 
  cultural crisis ? 
  i believe youre overanalyzing it . 
  the only thing we 'll really see is a homogenization of culture rather than any major outbreak in my opinion . 
  sure , we have seen some right-wing lunatics trying to ban/restrict imigration , however as long as the major populus keeps their head over water and dont bite into fear mongering , this statement stands .
