  and if they were n't stumbling around trying to say ` we 're not like le pen ' they 'd also have the austrian , dutch , maltese and belgian contingent that the french would 've brought with them . 
  but no , that would 've meant nigel 's sycophantic followers would be overshadowed by far more competent politicians . 
  should 've made the alliance with the fn when he had the chance . 
  i 'm not using anything * against * you . 
  i have a profound respect for the history of the ottoman empire and it 's complex institutions and contributions it made towards the lands it occupied . 
  and the same can be said to a lesser extent about turkey which overcame the challenging situation of being a post imperial society . 
  the turkish people are by and large not european . 
  the language has its origins in central asia . 
  the people are largely of central asian and middle eastern origin . 
  the peoples who did identify largely with europe and christendom were driven from the country . 
  the country as a whole is very adamant about any sort of european identity and only recently has it even been slightly considered . 
  why does being non european have to be a bad thing ? 
  it 's not a disadvantage . 
  turks are a non-european people . 
  ethnically , culturally and geographically . 
  if just one of those 3 things was not the case then you might have an argument . 
  immigrants and the children of immigrants are swiftly becoming their core demographic . 
  if they harden their stance they can say goodbye to ever getting re elected . 
   nazi apology is a crime in almost every european country . 
  opinions on historical matters should not be illegal , no matter how stupid they are . 
  hudapar are islamic extremists , the fact that isis do n't like them does n't make them good guys . 
  / r/europe has been swamped by pro-erdogan , anti-kurd posters lately . 
  all the guardian ever does is whine . 
  especially about those groups . 
  they 're probably roma , not middle eastern . 
  he did n't see any issue in fighting alongside the rabble who were . 
  i did n't say it was n't honorable . 
  though i do n't really see the honor in murdering religious people . 
  it was sheer stupidity . 
  his experience was a shambles and he fought on the losing side . 
  the republicans were only successful when they were shooting at unarmed priests and nuns . 
  they 're polling higher than they won in the elections . 
  just get it turned off . 
  it takes 5 minutes at the most . 
  traditional values and geopolitical concepts ? 
  sounds like my kind of empire . . 
  i wish we could lend assad 1 decent guided munition on the condition that he target these fuckers with it . 
  that there is an undercurrent of anti-english sentiment at least partially driving the yes campaign . 
  the fact that they constantly feel the need to bring up ` not hating the english ' despite there being very few complaints about that sentiment from south of the border is very telling . . 
  good luck finding patriotism on / r/europe most of these lot would rather the idea of a nation was a thing of the past . 
  not at all . 
  you can love your identity and be knowledgeable and respectful of your heritage without hating others . 
  the last thing europe should be doing is allowing an influx of third world unskilled labour . 
  but that had nothing to do with loving your heritage and should remain an entirely separate issue otherwise those things become conflated and used against the european people . 
  technically , they miss authoritarian socialism . . 
  why not ? 
  it tends to be full of the types of people who take their ancient lineage far too seriously . 
  the royals actually serve a purpose and do a job . . 
  britain is nowhere near as self-destructive as sweden when it comes to allowing anyone and everyone to settle for good . 
  great news . 
  first france , now sweden . 
  europe might just turn back the clock on it 's slow demise . 
  ~ ~ the united kingdom became a united kingdom under a scottish king . 
  just sayin ' ... ~ ~ history fail . .  james vi , king of scots , whose inheritance of the thrones of england and ireland created a dynastic union in 1603 not the same as the act of union , passed by the parliaments of scotland and england in 1707 . 
  the insanity of the swedish establishment knows no bounds . 
  the day russian tanks are rolling down the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es and past the house of commons will be a good day . 
  they do n't tend to make public their political positions . 
  do n't personally know anyone who is pro eu . 
  good news . 
  the party was better under jm le pen imo but it 's much better than the garbage we have to put up with in the uk . 
  another cold war is exactly what the eu/us want . 
  if they ca n't subjugate the last bastion of traditional european civilization then they will isolate it . 
  ukrainians are being misled into a war with their own kin . 
  if the ukrainian patriots could see sense they 'd turn their guns on kiev and their advisers who flew in from washington , brussels and london instead of fighting their brothers . 
  i 'm curious as to what they think the effective response is to leftist bombings , shootings and other terror attacks . 
  my guess would be applause ... 
  it 's a shame these nationalists are being misled by a treacherous , puppet government . 
  if they wanted to serve their country they 'd join the rebels and march on kiev to remove the us/eu servants . 
  they have no role whatsoever and no us military personnel should be present in europe . 
  does n't look like 1000 people . 
  there have been russians native to eastern ukraine since the days when there were no distinctions between the two people 's . 
  unlike turks and other non-euroepans , non native people living within european countries . 
  the point still stands . 
  native separatist movements being supported by people of foreign origin is 1 thing . 
  non natives attempting to carve out their own little state is another thing and is not the case in the east . 
  it 's strange that you 're the one calling people biased and ` completely blind ` when the only thing the rebels can be according to you are conscripts and putin thugs . 
  are you really so bold as to say no one in the east supports them or russia ? 
  are you really that sure that anyone in the east who does n't support the eu government in the west of ukraine is a putin conscript ? 
  absolutely i think putin supports them ( along with the overwhelming majority of russians and large amount of the eastern ukrainian population ) . 
  absolutely i think the rebels want to be part of russia . 
  however unlike you i 'm open to the possibility that the people in the east are n't so sure about who to support and that many do n't support the kiev/eu government . 
  could say the same about the hordes who burned and looted their way across eastern ukraine to force out ` putin 's puppet ' . 
  no because they are foreign to the land they are living in . 
  however , a similar example one could use would be belgium . 
  i 'd see no issue with people of foreign origin supporting a native separatist movement . 
  the rebels are more than `` putin soldiers '' . most are/were locals . 
  many are from nationalist groups within russia that are at odds with united russia ( some outright banned ) . 
  some are n't even russian or ukrainian ( the multiple reports of volunteers from far right and far left political organisations in hungary spain serbia etc. ) . 
  it 's a broad coalition of groups under the banner of the separatists . 
  acting as if they 're all united under putin is disingenuous . 
  you 're right . 
  rebels did start this . 
  the usa/eu false rebels who attacked government buildings and forces in western ukraine started this . 
  the separatism in the east is a direct result of this . 
  russia is more than just putin . 
  all russians support the rebels . 
  not just those who like putin . 
  isis is not an ethnic group . 
  and i did answer your question . 
  the last time i checked it was ukraine forces shelling cities and causing the civilians to flee en masse to russia .
