  it 's about accused criminals being afforded a fair trial , not arrested and remanded in custody for ` being part of a criminal organisation ' which has not yet been proscribed as a criminal organisation . 
  that so many on / r/europe are willing to bury their head in the sand and ignore this corruption simply because the target is golden dawn shows what a bunch of aimless drones they really are . 
  maybe , but what 's just as , if not more embarrassing is the amount of political influence on this trial and how the drones on reddit laud judicial corruption when the target is someone they do n't like . 
  fuck the greens . 
  their own politics are just as ruinous as those they condemn . 
  the whole show-trial of golden dawn is as corrupt as the greek government itself . 
  false witnesses , false evidence and political interference . 
  would n't be surprised . 
  jobbik were one of the main parties ( alongside the bnp ) responsible for svoboda being shunned on the far right . 
  because we can only cooperate with a full political-economic union ? 
  there 's nothing destructive about wanting to give people the ability to negotiate on their own terms . 
  because they 're arabs ? 
  because antisemitism should not automatically revoke an individual 's right to free association ? 
  trying to find evidence or witness testimony ? 
  ( in case you were n't aware the ira were n't exactly nice to informants ), 
  i attend an sspx church . 
  we are nothing like the american fundamentalist right . 
  especially when it comes to politics . 
  ` by the right wingers ' what the fuck does that mean ? 
  both sides are pretty right wing by any sensible estimation . 
  just before any fear-mongers invade this post with the usual ` putin is just like stalin ' crap , cprf are in opposition and generally do n't like putin or united russia . 
  it was n't broadcast because it broke ofcom rules . 
  if it was broadcast it probably would 've offended someone , and hence broke the law . 
  i 've seen people suggest that his foundations of geopolitics was co-written by individuals from the general staff academy and that it enjoys some popularity there , however there have never to my knowledge been any overt references to it from within the russian establishment unlike other political theorists and philosophers such as ivan ilyin for example . 
  russian nationalism has always been particularly reverent to the sort of expansionism that was seen during the empire , especially in areas ethnic russians had historically subjugated , so the push for retaking crimea and parts of ukraine is n't necessarily something that is unique to dugin 's politics . 
  is there any actual evidence of this or is it all just hear-say ? 
  i wo n't be voting for ukip but it will be absolutely hilarious if they do win . 
  it will humiliate the establishment . 
  then you 're a separatist , not a nationalist . 
  so its exactly the same as holocaust denial except not illegal . 
  then the problem is with ` some people ' who think like that , not the statement which is 100 % correct . 
  it 's his fucking wife . 
  she 'd be here whether we were in the eu or not . 
  the gutter press are really clutching at straws to drag ukip through the mud . 
  any thing to challenge the political establishment is a good thing . 
  i do n't care if it 's far right , far left , capitalist , communist or whatever ideology . 
  diversity in opinion , especially politics is a good thing . 
  national politics are increasingly superseded by the eu , hence why it 's important that people who challenge the status-quo are given as much airtime as possible . 
  judging from the reactions of / r/europe 's resident euphiles , they clearly do n't like it when someone points out their imperialist , expansionist desires . 
  it 's hilarious watching people frothing at the mouth with anger and despair at these statements . 
  do n't start a fight if you ca n't finish it . 
  the fact that so many of you can sit and be on your high horse and decry russia 's civic nationalism or xenophobia and at the same time make such crass generalizations as ` fuck russians ' and not be called out on it is very telling . 
  you 're russo-phobic hypocrites . 
  you see a nation strong enough to project it 's own power without some phony fucking dog and pony show bureaucracy and empty headed ` tolerance and democracy ' values and all of a sudden it 's the enemy . 
  you 're no different to putin except at least he does n't beat around the bush and pretend to be something he 's not , at least the russians are honest about their goals instead of lying to the world and themselves that it 's about ` values ' and ` freedom ' and that old neo-liberal mantra that 's been responsible for just as many deaths as the communists and the fascists . 
  in reality all the eu has done was lie to poor people who feel they get the short end of the stick from russia that if they become their lackeys then this ` big powerful superstate ' will have their back . 
  in reality , all they did was drive those kids on maidan to run into bullets so that they could divide their country and try to one-up their regional opponent . 
  they do n't give a fuck about ukraine , all they care about is their own power . 
  expansionists , imperialists , xenophobes . 
  you 're the reason ukraine is divided , you 're the reason europe and russia are being forced to be at each other 's throat . 
  your representatives who are so hungry for power they 're willing to poke and prod and provoke the only nation they see as a regional competitor . 
  you 're the enemies of european civilization . 
  uk should stay the fuck out of matters which have nothing to do with the uk . 
  alternative news sources ? 
  people who read these sources mobilizing in order to voice their opinion ? 
  people who do n't usually frequent / r/worldnews posting after being linked from other subreddits ? 
  / r/conspiracy is pretty pro-russian , very active and prone to mobilizing on other subreddits to push their opinion , that could be a major source of the down-voting right there . 
  there does n't have to be some sort of bought and paid for pro-russian brigading of threads which this thread and your response seem to imply ( apologies if i 'm mistaken ) . 
  plenty of people in the west and elsewhere actively support the russian position . 
  i myself would probably be considered ` pro russian ' ( though i certainly dispute that as i do n't like either ` side ' ) . 
  people have opinions ? 
  these opinions are prone to change over time as more information about a situation is made available ? 
  they certainly win the nationalist vote , but they are n't explicitly nationalist as far as their policies are concerned . 
  very right wing , populist and conservative but nationalism is characterized by a wish to impose an ideological worldview onto the state , a sort of unofficial state ideology if you will . 
  something noticeably absent from ukip 's policies . 
  also a big part of ` nationalism ' is self-identification as such . 
  as far as that is concerned , nigel farage has criticized rising nationalism . 
  a few of the parties in there should n't be characterized as nationalist in my opinion if it was n't for their self-identification as such . 
  welcome to / r/europe , where facts are downvoted . 
  cut aid to africa period . 
  brilliant news . 
  they 're so friendly that they tried to destroy the party with trumped up charges ... 
  then they do n't have to eat pork . 
  they 're refusing any religious concessions for alternative meals on school menus . 
  not force feeding muslims and jews bacon . 
  invading a sovereign nation 's borders with utter disregard for the rules it has in place in order to protect it 's integrity is illegal and deserving of punishment . 
  these people are n't some downtrodden revolutionaries . 
  they 're interlopers who are violating the territorial integrity of europe and contributing to the social collapse many european countries are experiencing . 
  closing the doors and swiftly throwing out the interlopers will stop this madness immediately and stop giving false hope to these people . 
  if they want to come here they should do it legally , and if they ca n't come here legally and no country in europe wants them here then they should find somewhere else that will , if they 're so desperate to abandon their own country . 
  it 's about time africa got it 's fucking act together . 
  we have no obligation to open doors to anyone and everyone who wants to come here . 
  all illegals should be deported immediately and prevented from ever returning to the continent legally . 
  these people need to get their act together and sort out their own countries instead of forcing their way into and ruining ours . 
  russia just keeps getting better and better . 
  ahh , because when a population overwhelmingly rejects the left they are obviously anti-democratic . 
  good , the west have prolonged the bloodshed in syria by arming , training and funding the rebels for far too long . 
  well that 's a given . 
  clegg is a career politician who has never worked outside of politics , which is pretty much par for the course for the main parties today . 
  people want something different and clegg is not it , hence they gravitate towards nigel and ukip 's argument . 
  kasidiaris ( golden dawn mp ) : what happened with the inquisitors that let us go at the crucial moment ? 
  why did they turn round after they let us go , later when they caught the others they tumbled over baltakos ( new democracy mp - greek government 's general secretary ) : they let you go for the simple reason that there is no evidence . 
  k : yes , fine , there was nothing . 
  b : and nobody ` gave them a call ' to pressure them , they all though it was obvious : `` well , what will the inquisitor do ? '' but the inquisitor had no evidence !, 
  none !, 
  k : but he did n't have any evidence against the others either ... b : but with the others there was ( he makes a gesture indicating talking on the phone ) k : who caused the damage there ? 
  b : both k : dendias , athanasiou ? 
  b : who else would have done it ... 
  the most damning excerpt . 
  kasidiaris ( golden dawn mp ) : what happened with the inquisitors that let us go at the crucial moment ?
