  strange word usage . 
  especially since russia 's behaviour is increasingly imperialistic and reactionary . 
  i 'm pro-russia and everything but you really need to stop acting like russia is reverting into some socialist utopia and it 's enemies are all right wing capitalists and fascists . 
  because he tried to stop the war between britain and germany by flying solo across the channel to meet with the duke of hamilton that could 've averted the war had it occurred , a last ditch attempt at peace negotiations from the second most powerful man in nazi germany . 
  he was captured and imprisoned for the rest of his life . 
  he was denounced as a criminal by hitler once this failed , he is viewed as a martyr by some on the far-right due to attempting to stop the war , sacrificing his life and being denounced as a traitor . 
  absolutely . 
  would also like to leave nato . 
  a 24-year-old man polish man was knifed during the violence . 
   ullshit antifa attacks us , and stabbed one guy !!, 
  ! conjecture at this point . 
  but if it was one of the concert attendees that was stabbed no doubt we 'd be having round the clock interviews in about the horror and terror of being set upon by those evil polish racist nazi fascists . 
  the video certainly suggests that series of events . 
  the mixed group were far larger , far more aggressive towards the three guys who were being filmed backing away from a mob armed with bottles and flares . 
  yes they do . 
  ethnically polish , culturally polish , speak polish , therefore polish . 
  they did n't stab anyone . 
  it seems like it was one of the so-called ` neo-nazis ' that was stabbed . 
  all the video shows is a group of people throwing stones bottles and flares at 3 supposed ` neo nazis ' . 
   ukip voters complain that the uk does n't have enough influence in the eu no , they do n't . 
  they complain that we 're even in the eu in the first place . 
  they vote against pretty much everything as a matter of principle . 
  ukip voters do n't want influence in the eu , they want to leave the eu . 
  what 's wrong with anything he said ? 
  it 's all correct . 
  how dare they be wealthy . 
  evil successful people . 
  swedish people asserting their identity make you ashamed of sweden ? 
  that liberal brainwashing has really gotten to you . 
  if they ever return , shoot them . 
  `` britain needs to get more involved in the eu '' - opposes juncker `` for fuck sake britain stop trying to influence the eu '' make up your fucking minds people . 
  fully support a referendum but completely opposed to independence . 
  i think scotland is an important part of the uk . 
  it 'd be a shame to see that all thrown away , especially whilst the primary aim of the ` independence ' party is to surrender even more sovereignty to the eu anyway . 
  the greek version does n't mention anything about shooting . 
  they change the lyrics i believe . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror_ ( spain ), 
  why ? 
  the last time there was a republic there was mass murder . 
  just because the franco regime was worse it should n't mean republican atrocities get whitewashed and the leftists get carte-blanche for their part in the violence . 
  it 's not a european country . 
  so the gist of this article is basically right wing = bad , far left = good ? 
  ` the french ' are n't rallying against the national front . 
  a few thousand french left wing students are . 
  because i do n't support the policies of the ` moderate ' parties . 
  refusing business to immigrants would be illegal . 
  more mudslinging from gutter press . 
  he was certainly a member of a terrorist organisation . 
  whether he carried out/ordered any acts of terrorism is a different matter . 
  i 'm not arguing about whether they were right or not to oppose this . 
  simply that their reason for doing so is perfectly valid . 
  mandela was a terrorist . 
  his organisation that he started and led was responsible for the deliberate murder of many innocent people . 
  you 're correct . 
  terrorism is a tactic , not an ideology . 
  one who engaged in terrorism is/was a terrorist . 
  anyone who orders the bombing of civilian targets is a terrorist . 
  and ? 
  i did n't say mandela was n't justified . 
  simply that ` terrorist ' is an accurate description since he was the leader of a terrorist organisation . 
  a legitimate criticism . 
  i 'm sort of glad they won , if only to upset the europhiles and the left . 
  great news . 
  this video is fake . 
  if conchita wurst is a symbol of eu identity i ca n't wait til we leave . 
  they never registered to vote properly . 
  you do n't have to be far right to hate the far left . 
  when did the guardian become so shit ? 
  the only real difference between the core voters and candidates ' views between ukip and fn is the rhetoric . 
  ukip would fit right in if they were n't so afraid of being labelled as nationalists . 
  they keep pretending they 're ` libertarians ' to try and dodge controversy that they 're going to face regardless of how they define themselves . 
  clegg should fuck off to brussels and strasbourg where he belongs . 
  no one here puts up with his shit anymore . 
  so the campaigns against them worked is what the article is saying ? 
  when they are convicted of everything you just stated then you will have a point . 
  but until then they are n't facts , they are allegations . 
  the real traitors are the scum in the eu destroying europe . 
  i suppose it all boils down to how you define fascist . 
  in the strictest sense of the word , franco and his successive governments were n't fascists in any ideological sense ( except perhaps the first few years immediately following the end of the civil war ) . 
  in reality he had more in common with the likes of augusto pinochet , antonio salazar and haile selassie than he did with hitler and mussolini . 
  the biggest problem with the word fascist is that it has became little more than a political smear , a dirty word to fling at people who have/had views that the accuser does n't like . 
  no , it was n't . 
  the only authentic fascist movement within the nationalist faction were the early falangists . 
  they were largely isolated after franco 's victory and forcibly merged with the other main political factions after the nationalist victory into the movimento nacional . 
  it was an authoritarian state absolutely , but fascism is a very specific ideology with precise ideological and economic aims , none of which were fulfilled under franco and most of which were abandoned by the late 50s . 
  fascists were a part of the nationalist faction of the spanish civil war but not the dominant political force within it . 
  spain remained in the hands of old-guard conservatives . 
  no it should n't . 
  franco 's spain was n't a fascist state . 
  the lib dems have broken every promise they made and the people now see through their bullshit . 
  they 're not an alternative vote anymore . 
  no one cares what clegg thinks anymore . 
  that is not the case at all . 
  they paid a british company which happens to employ many eastern european immigrants . 
  they did not pay eastern europeans to deliver the leaflets . 
  they have no control over who distributes the leaflets , that 's not hypocrisy . 
  the pro-eu establishment are going to be humiliated at the elections so they have to resort to slander . 
  shit , slanderous hit-piece from a shit ` news ' outlet . 
  it 's not about ` thinking of the fasicsts ' . 
  it 's about having a judiciary and interior ministry that do n't arrest people on the orders of the president and his inner circle without any evidence .
