  why did they turn round after they let us go , later when they caught the others they tumbled over baltakos ( new democracy mp - greek government 's general secretary ) : they let you go for the simple reason that there is no evidence . 
  k : yes , fine , there was nothing . 
  b : and nobody ` gave them a call ' to pressure them , they all though it was obvious : `` well , what will the inquisitor do ? '' but the inquisitor had no evidence !, 
  none !, 
  k : but he did n't have any evidence against the others either ... b : but with the others there was ( he makes a gesture indicating talking on the phone ) k : who caused the damage there ? 
  b : both k : dendias , athanasiou ? 
  b : who else would have done it ... 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_9c0cgtqfu ^ the video in question with english subtitles . 
   yougov 's snap poll gives the debate to mr farage by 68 % to 27 % while a poll by icm/guardian suggested 69 % of people watching thought the ukip man came out on top . 
  anyone who thinks russia has some sort of grand design or imminent plans for the invasion of europe is seriously deluded . 
  except for the fact that germans were only around 1/5 the population of the sudetenland whereas russians are overwhelmingly the majority of crimea and always have been . 
  the idea that crimea should not be part of russia is silly , especially given the russo-phobic pro-western attitudes of the new kingpins in kiev . 
  oh but he was more than happy for them to take batons to the face and bullets for traitors and cowards like him on maidan . 
  once again viktor orban is at the forefront of common sense in europe whilst the high minded liberals are beside themselves trying to act tough against russia ( and failing terribly i might add ) . 
  because he 's evil . 
  the most radical nazis were the strasserite faction who were purged in the night of the long knives . 
  they called hitler 's victory a `` half revolution '' and saw the soviet union as an ally . 
  they are extremely anti-capitalist and it 's these guys who a lot of the modern far right are somewhat inspired by . 
  almost every politician in ukraine had mafia ties . 
  the difference is none of the locals wanted the argentines there and the falklands has never been part of argentina . 
  the exact opposite of crimea . 
  so they 're actually trying to start a fight ? 
  well then they have no right to piss and moan when the people have had enough and do n't want them there any more . 
  and by not recognizing it the rest of the world is inviting these sorts of confrontations . 
  russia is n't going to back down and neither are the people of crimea . 
  the land is no longer part of ukraine . 
  why should we ? 
  i do n't want my nation 's foreign policy or economy to be affected by america 's anti-russian agenda . 
  this is amazing news really . 
  russia has finally cottoned on to the power it wields . 
  they are an unstoppable force . 
  `` youths '' ? 
  well they are now a foreign army in a foreign country , the ukrainian military should 've began withdrawal the second crimea became independent . 
  at this point their presence is little more than a provocation . 
  so mods are n't allowed to have personal opinions ? 
  because every successful person is a corrupt right wing tax avoider , correct ? 
  of course there would be outrage . 
  the point is to attract the successful/wealthy . 
  not the destitute . 
  there are no elected mainstream politicians who favor an exit from the eu under any circumstances . 
  are there still eu flags in maidan ? 
  i havent seen one since 2013 . 
  the una-unso who are a significant force amongst the opposition on the street often wear camouflage . 
  because the eu is a nation-wrecking bureaucracy . 
  brilliant . 
  hopefully this becomes an increasing trend throughout europe . 
  never heard a jew called lazy . 
  sensationalist bollocks . 
  only in the mind of a deluded liberal is restriction on immigration akin to the ` closing of the borders ' . 
  this is brilliant news , well done switzerland !, 
  sincere congratulations to the swiss people today !, 
  shit . 
  buckfast is made in england . 
  traitor is an accurate description . 
  european leaders should be doing the same . 
  iran is a potentially huge trading partner . 
  good , modern european values are degenerate . 
  putin as a european leader deserves the same common courtesy as every other . 
  anarchists are just upset that their hollow ideas about revolution and society are wholly rejected in favor of common sense . 
  why anyone gives those deadbeats and lowlifes any attention is a bloody mystery . 
  the funeral of nationalist revolutionary murdered by yanukovych regime ] ( http://static2.demotix.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/a_scale_large/3700-4/photos/3763684.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.gettyimages.dk/detail/news-photo/anti-government-protesters-carry-the-coffin-of-mikhail-news-photo/465178691 ) [ 3 ] ( http://bloximages.chicago2.vip.townnews.com/theeagle.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/7/01/7015e134-6c64-5a7a-a218-6e1e79e9af01/52e52545bf6bb.image.jpg ) the martyr was an ethnic ukrainian from belarus and member of the ukrainian national assembly -- ukrainian national self defence organisation , murdered by the yanukovych regime . 
  if they accepted the offer the revolutionaries would 've strung them up right next to yanukovych . 
  that 's because they 're the only element of the opposition that have kept their word 100 % and refused to yield in the face of the anti-ukrainian regime . 
  pretty much . 
  good practice for the truncheons of the riot police . 
  violent , uncultured , leftist scum . 
  there are some though they are definitely the minority . 
  the main political opposition is centre right/right wing . 
  the far right ( svoboda ) is not the predominant faction , however the imagery previously only used by them has been quite widely adopted by the opposition coalition . 
  that being said the protests have escalated far beyond the trappings and distinctions between left and right . 
  banning the leader of the second most popular party in hungary should be out of the question . 
  if he says anything against the law whilst here , deport him . 
  scrutinize the rally as much as possible . 
  otherwise , leave him be . 
  let them go it alone , we have no interest in regime change in any african country . 
  the only time we should help france is when france is under attack or faces an imminent threat . 
  if the protesters are starting to tote guns ( real or imitation ) i 'm not surprised . 
  one is an ` old-right ' conservative party that is broadly opposed to immigration . 
  the other supports a military dictatorship , considers itself the ` hezbollah of greece ' , expelling all people who are n't of ` native ' ethnicity and placing land mines on the borders . 
  there is a huge difference . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's been more than one murder . 
  swedes seem to revel in the destruction of their own nation . 
  some segments of ukip are ( notably godfrey bloom ) . 
  its more anti-wind turbine than anything . 
  no one i know who knows about it thinks it 's a good thing ( age group primarily 20-30 ) but at the same time most do n't really care . 
  that being said people here tend to be apathetic to any political issue until it slaps them in the face so to speak . 
  concerns about roma is the main thing people bring up amongst those who know about the issue . 
  it just seems to favor cultural integration over multiculturalism . 
  but at least they actually have some sensible policies that make up for the `` anti-science '' garbage , unlike the greens . 
  the uk was n't the only country against it . 
  there is no such thing as ` unconditional income ' . 
  either you earn your income , or you justify your need for the state to supplement your basic income until you can earn it yourself . 
  so the blanket media coverage of the issue worked ? 
  she obviously meant the ` former-yugoslavia ' . 
  ` european ' is defined by heritage , culture and identity spanning thousands of years , it 's not defined by allegiance to a 20 year old political union . 
  britain and britons are as european as every other european country and people . 
  political attitudes are in no way a measure of how ` european ' someone is . 
  fair enough , but why disrupt a religious ceremony ? 
  surely that will just add to their alienation in a very religious country ? 
  eu immigrants are the immigrants who we should n't mind giving benefits too ( provided they have paid taxes in the country and paid into the system ) .
