  i believe in ethnic self determination and have since the beginning of this mess . 
  the eastern ukraine population should have the choice of separation if that is what they desire . 
  if you think isis and the likes of the dpr are even in the same league you 're seriously deluded . 
  the eu/usa puppet government in ukraine is decimating it 's eastern civilian population who do n't want to be subjugated by them . 
  it 's a shame to see euphiles cheerleading murder and mayhem for their cause . 
  no more justified than russians sneaking across the border to fight the ukrainian army . 
  russian volunteers bad , eu volunteers good ? 
  bit of a hypocrite eh ? 
  traitors should be encouraged to leave . 
  europe does n't have an orban problem it has a liberal problem . 
  that would look very nice on a bonfire . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awjmzcusudm ), 
  it 's not a european country , the only europeans in kazakhstan are in the very north and are heavily discriminated against . 
  no it should not become part of the european union . 
  either kill them over there or kill them when they return . 
  english  british  european  white  christian . 
  we should continue upgrading our nuclear arsenal . 
  that people are being wrongly convicted of anything is an issue with the justice system , not with the death penalty specifically . 
  the russian federation is not the ussr . 
  communism is a disease that russia has suffered from and rid itself of . 
  generally support russia as it is consistently a bulwark against us hegemony . 
  i feel as if ukraine is being sorely misled by the us and eu into hating russia and surrendering it 's independence . 
  i do n't really support putin , i do n't support the partitioning of ukraine but ca n't blame people in eastern ukraine for not wanting to be just another cultureless , subdued client state of the us and eu . 
  europe has more to fear from the us and eu with regards to remaining independent nation states , than it does from russia . 
  russia is the last holdout of traditional european christian civilisation . 
  the patriots of ukraine are being misled by hatred and false nationalism which will only lead to their nation 's subjugation and downfall . 
  the only fitting lyrics for that tune are those of ` rise o voices of rhodesia ' . 
  brainwashed idiots . 
  because the whole article is an anti-white racist diatribe . 
  yet all / u/joefrommontreal cares about is comments correctly pointing out that she 's complaining about the native people who have just as much , if not more of a right to be there . 
  who cares ? 
  as long as we get some cheap natural resources and consumer products right ? 
  right ? ... 
  brilliant news . 
  hopefully the fn can keep up the momentum . 
  on three at the moment , purely for their unlimited data package for when i 'm travelling often . 
  do n't have any issues . 
  my current isp also takes part in this ` mandatory ' filter , guess how i got rid of it ? 
  asked when i signed up to have any content filtering removed and exactly that happened . 
  you do n't have to phone up and say `` can i watch porn please '' and go through rigorous questioning , no more than having to identify yourself to make any sort of changes to a preexisting subscription . 
  none of that is true . 
  this is absolutely brilliant news . 
  europe needs more leaders like viktor orban . 
  that 's a shame . 
  we should n't be getting involved in the eu 's new cold war . 
  of course . 
  it 's hamas who killed the hundreds of palestinians in the past weeks . 
  it obviously was n't israeli airstrikes , that 's all anti-semitic propaganda . 
  it 's the eu 's fault for provoking this conflict in the first place . 
  absolutely they should all resign . 
  they should n't be replaced by anyone . 
  the eu is a fucking cancer . 
  putin did n't shoot the plane down . 
  eastern ukrainian rednecks with stolen aa weapons did . 
  why should there be any action ? 
  condemn him and get on with your lives . 
  the only program we should have for islamists is to provide them with a one way ticket for themselves and their entire families to the theocratic desert shithole of their choosing . 
  the people who led him to become an islamo-fascist retard were n't . 
  well i 'm no fan of america but i would n't be so bold as to compare america to the soviet union . 
  stalin was an anti-fascist was he not ? 
  communism is an anti-fascist movement is it not ? 
  you said no anti-fascist movements were murderous , anti-democratic etc ( at least in anyway comparable to fascists ) . 
  i simply gave you an example of an ` anti-fascist ' who led a country and was the widely accepted leader of the largest anti-fascist movement in the world who was a dictator that engaged in mass-deportation of entire ethnic groups and systematic execution of political opponents , much like fascists did and still do . 
  strange , considering [ the most successful anti-fascist in history was an anti-democratic dictator who deported and wiped out entire ethnic groups , just like the fascists did . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/historic_figures/stalin_joseph.shtml ), 
  you make an excellent point about it not being an organisation . 
  hence why i edited above posts to say that anti-fascism is n't a bad thing ( the violent subcultures of some anti-fascists however , are a bad thing in my opinion ) . 
  but more often than not , the symbols employed by the individual in the image are widely used by these violent groups and people sympathetic to them . 
  it 's relatively rare to see peaceful , non-extremist groups using them . 
  there is no difference . 
  if you label yourself ` antifa ' you are ` antifa ' . 
  it 's an abstract label for anyone violently opposed to the ` far-right ' ( and anyone suspected of having views associated with the far right ) , not some hierarchical political organisation . 
  the murders of manolis and giorgios were committed in the name of ` anti-fascism ' , by self-proclaimed ` anti-fascists ' . 
  as i said before , actual anti-fascism ( as in being opposed to fascist ideology ) is a noble cause . 
  murdering and attacking people because of their political opinions is n't . 
  easy to say when the bombs are n't going off in your neighborhood . 
  the fact that the swedish left are remarkably poor at creating improvised explosive devices is n't a negation of the fact that they tracked down where a person lived and set off an explosive on their doorstep . 
  that it was barely strong enough to knock the door off the hinges is immaterial . 
  ` anti-fascists ' do go around murdering people . 
  especially in greece where they are particularly active . 
  the fascist faction of the movimento nacional in spain was isolated before the 50s , effectively wiped out in all but name . 
  i know leftists like to throw the word fascist around as much as possible but it should at least be saved for people who have actual fascist politics , not populist/right-wing parties that are opposed to immigration ( which funnily enough as a little tidbit of trivia , franco was n't , his entire personal bodyguard was made up of african muslims , many of whom were granted citizenship and took spanish wives after supporting nationalist spain during the civil war ) . 
  and the spanish dictatorship was itself a reaction to the brutal , murderous left wing terror sweeping spain during the republic . 
  some sources on the non-murderous , totally not extreme anti-fascists . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/10422580/golden-dawn-killings-could-be-act-of-revenge-by-far-left-group.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_of_sokratis_giolias http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/25/world/europe/25briefs-greece.html?_r=1&amp; http://www.reuters.com/article/2009/06/17/us-greece-shooting-idustre55g0rs20090617 http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8592105.stm i do n't have time to go trawling swedish language sites ( sweden is another country where the ` anti-fascists ' are particularly nasty ) for images of their totally non-extreme attacks on ** alleged ** ` fascists ' . 
  but they do n't exactly put a lot of stock into checking whether they 're even attacking the right people , as we saw recently when they had no qualms about brutally beating with blunt objects a group of eastern european men who ` looked like fascists ' . 
  or the other recent case when the cowards bombed a mans house for posting comments in the comments section of a newspaper . 
  or another recent case where they filmed themselves ransacking people 's apartments because they ` had intel ' that their targets supported right wing parties ... anti-fascism is a noble cause , europe suffered under fascism more than any other ideology . 
  ` antifa ' groups on the other hand are not the inheritors of this legacy . 
  they 're the same horrible bullies that drove people to supporting fascists in the first place . 
  a fitting tribute to an anthem we do n't recognize , a flag we do n't want and a parliament that we do n't want to see have any authority over british politics . 
  not a ukip voter but can only applaud this protest . 
  like the time when they bombed a swedish guy 's home for posting comments about there being too many immigrants in sweden on the internet ? 
  or their incessant bombing campaigns in greek cities ? 
  or when they firebomb and smash people 's houses up , or when they severely beat and injured multiple eastern european immigrants because they ` looked like fascists ' ? 
  you really are cheer leading for a wonderful group of leftist thugs ... 
  so she brandishes logo widely used by organisations which take part in assassination and bombing campaigns and are responsible for multiple violent attacks ? 
  very praiseworthy indeed ... 
  because rogozin 's views are increasingly popular . 
  why alienate an individual with a growing political following when you can bring them on board , bolster your own support and neutralize the chance of them dividing your own support .
