  and that 's fine , because it 's worth it . 
  but excuse me being somewhat pissed off when people call us hypocrites because we do n't make an effort to make the refugee crisis worse by buying fucking plane tickets for everyone . 
  cheers . 
   so germany invites migrants by the thousand , saying they 'll accept `` unlimited '' quantities ... then shuts the border before they reach germany ... yeah , just before they reached germany . 
  a few slipped through , 450 000 this year so far , but we definitely trolled you good . 
  worth it . 
  the promise was that syrian refugees would n't be deported . 
  i hope you realize that happened because those people have reason to fear for their lives . 
  but if you want to believe that it happened because we felt like fucking over the neighboring countries while sipping cocktails and laughing ... well i suppose you 're entitled to feel that way . 
  yeah . 
  actually , why do n't we build an exact replica of the city of munich in syria while we 're on the topic of completely unfeasible proposals ? 
  do n't steal them . 
  have them made for the local tourist office , 50 bucks a piece . 
  way cheaper than what companies charge the municipality for a new sign . 
   germany needs workers true , however the point is * skilled * labor . 
  working for a larger company ( e.g. 
  car manufacture ) requires at least decent german or english skills , and several years of training after learning the language . 
  no offense , but nobody 's gon na put you in control of a 5 million $ machine before you 've gone through years of training and education . 
  unskilled labor still often requires language skills , and even though you earn more in comparison to most other countries , everything 's more expensive too ... 
  this is n't a paradise with a perfect well-paid job for everyone . 
   the hungarian government offered that they will take those immigrants who are walking on the highway by buses to austria if austria is ready to receive them . 
  the austrian answer : the chancellor is not taking phone calls until 9 am . 
  seems a good night sleep is more important to the chancellor than the migrants . 
  ( obviously hungary will be the fascist again ) if you pull a chancellor out of bed every time something happens , they 'd be unable to do their job . 
  and i do n't expect people to make good judgment calls at 3am either . 
  what are you so bitter about ? 
  come to poland for vacation !, 
  your car is already there . 
   good manners that , resourceful politicians , and a few holes in the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons . 
  depends on how flexible your definition of `` in germany '' is . 
  depends very much on whom you ask . 
  they have private subs and other forums where they link to the threads here and elsewhere . 
  those are , by definition , second world . 
  it has nothing to do with gdp/economical development/ethics/geographical location/whatever , it 's about the alliances during wwii . 
  according to flair , a scottish-irish-italian-hungarian-german-mongolian jew . 
  now get your pronouns straight . 
  esc is more important than the world cup anway , right ? 
  i guess icelanders just do n't like talking to each other . 
  yeah , it 's not it 's , it 's its . 
   the term `` marriage '' is used in a religious context and afaik , homosexuals are not accepted by traditional religion like catholics or protestants . 
  the term `` marriage '' is very much relevant in a legal context as well . 
  to be blunt , most people do n't care about what the church elects to do in that regard , and i certainly do n't either ( not that i had any expectations anyway ) . 
  the issue is that they ca n't get legally married , and thus do n't have the same rights as straight married couples , something you conveniently forgot to point out . 
  furthermore the adoption process is much harder for same-sex couples , especially when they want both partners legally registered as parents . 
  both churches have also fought against the acknowledgement of same-sex partnerships in other regards , such as trying to evict people ( they 're the two largest real estate owners in germany ) or firing them from jobs subsidized or even paid for with tax dollars . 
  when i eventually realized that i had crossed the border to the netherlands by accident a few km back . 
  when i took a france-switzerland-italia-austria trip with my dad ( in the alps mostly ) . 
  the nazis would n't jump out of a window on the 5th floor , so i 'm gon na do that now . 
  what are you even on about , mate, 
  because erdogan 's ego ca n't deal with it and they 've made it into an international incident . 
  they summoned the german ambassador and involved the office of foreign affairs because of a comedian 's shitty poem . 
  well , they involved the german federal office of foreign affairs and summoned the german ambassador to turkey . 
  you underestimate how vain people like erdogan can be , and how much their ego factors into their reaction when they feel challenged . 
  our politicians have learned to completely ignore satire and political comedy because it would just be acknowledgement and more coverage for the comedians if they reacted . 
  but erdogan is n't used to that , you 'd go straight to jail for that in turkey . 
  it 's the classic hardliner approach of someone who thinks they have something to prove . 
  das was ein top level comment . 
  i have a hard time taking people seriously who judge 80 million by the probably 10 they 've ever met . 
  started working 2 weeks ago , you 're welcome !, 
  huh , i never knew the cdu were far-left . 
  thanks !, 
  k\u00eak, 
  i 'm afraid i took the now deleted parent comment out of context then , my apologies . 
  i should 've read the initial source more thoroughly . 
  still , i think my point stands that you should be able to think critically about the state of israel 's course of action in the middle eastern conflict without condoning discrimination or attacks against their institutions or jewish people in general . 
  more violent actions in either direction are not helpful in order to establish peace and safety for civilians everywhere . 
  i do n't agree with any of those things . 
  of course jewish people living in germany are germans as much as anybody else . 
  however i think it 's dishonest that criticism of israel 's policy is frequently equated with antisemitism , that was my point initially . 
  i do n't blame people for the deeds of others just because they share the same faith , but i wo n't stand others being called racists or nazis because they criticise the state of israel . 
  it 's got nothing to do with religion . 
  i never made that connection ; you did as well as the parent comment . 
  you actually use an * \u00f6 * in swabia ? 
  this makes me happy . 
  actually most people are having a good laugh about the stupidity of your comments , so carry on i guess , master troll . 
  cheers from / r/shitamericanssay, 
  shh , it 's alright . 
  we get that it 's nearly impossible for you to grasp the concept of speaking more than one language . 
  `` einem g ` schenkten gaul schaut mr net ins maul '' exactly the same figure of speech in german . 
  `` yo chill it 's just a prank bro '' you ca n't blow russia 's shit up and expect they write you a sternly-worded letter . 
  she 's not `` chatting some bullshit '' . 
  she 's a public speaker and this has been going on for decades . 
  it still takes a lot for you to actually be convicted of * volksverhetzung * ( demagoguery ) , and even then you 're likely to get away with a fine or probation ... but at some point it 's just too much . 
  that 's also the reason why this is big in the media ; it 's a rare occasion for the courts to follow up with a jail sentence , since very few people are stupid enough to repeatedly violate this law . 
  i just love all those vowels in a row ... 
  * queueing, 
  `` i have 5 children . 
  60 % of them are n't heroin addicts , so we 're all good . '', 
  asylum and citizenship are completely different things . 
  the [ german wikipedia article ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gema-freie_musik#gema-vermutung ) has some info on it , look for the section `` eind\u00e4mmung durch das neue verwertungsgesellschaftengesetz '' . 
  if you do n't speak german i 'd be happy to translate the essential parts . 
  it 's called the `` gema-vermutung '' and it actually probably does n't hold up in court anymore since the ratification of the vgg ( verwertungsgesellschaftengesetz ) in june . 
  ca n't wait until they 'll be challenged in a legal case . 
  this is going to be very unpopular , but i 'm not happy they found an agreement . 
  it will make it harder to get rid of that bureaucratic dinosaur that is gema . 
  there 's nobody keeping me from looking up how chemotherapy works . 
  next analogy , please . 
  it 's not about being anti-globalisation or anti-trade . 
  the issue is that they draft a meaningful trade agreement with economical impact that makes mostly sense ( which you would n't need to be secretive about ) and use it as a wrapper for shady shit that would n't get passed otherwise . 
  the complete absence of transparency about it is legitimate criticism .
