gee thanks , now they 're assimilating their way through europe all the way to ireland . 
  good god dude would you cut down on the accusations and generalisations ? 
  if you know it guys who are dicks to the users sort it out with them . 
  if you think my comment earlier warrants venting your frustrations to me in that manner , you 're the asshole here . 
  perhaps because there are a a lot of it guys on reddit ... just saying . 
  people in general like to bitch about their job now and then . 
  also people do n't complain as much about maintenance crews when they actually see them working , which is n't often the case in it . 
  fixing a server config does n't require running around the office like fixing a valve does . 
  this is why you always get shit as it idiot in companies . 
  when everything goes right , it 's `` what are we paying this guy for , the it works and he is n't doing anything all day ! '', 
  when something goes wrong ( and they notice ) , it 's `` what are we paying this guy for if he ca n't even keep the systems online ! '', 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm not italian . 
  jokes aside , nice design . 
  for what it 's worth , i appreciate being politely corrected , so thanks . 
  mmnope , that would be a huge mess . 
  passports are a global standard and it 's the one thing you 're expected to carry when you 're on another continent . 
  we ca n't dictate every other country on earth to accept non-standardized id cards as passports , it would be a gigantic pita for travelers . 
  so you want a document that you need * everywhere * except in your own country to be kept in a language that 's spoken * nowhere * except your own country ? 
  genius !, 
  and yet the french seem much more reluctant to learn english than germans ... just saying , that was one of the less glamorous aspects about our student exchange program , and when half of our class speaks french ( third language ) better than the french class speaks english , something 's off . 
  * well fuck , my country 's culture is doomed because there are english words in my passport !, 
  * if 's a friggin passport dude , it 's literally the last thing you want to keep specific to your country because * you only need it literally everywhere else * . 
  do you think finnish border patrol officers speak portuguese ? 
  clearly the most important aspect of passports is the preservation of local culture , and not some crazy stuff like identifying you on foreign soil where people do n't speak your language . 
  metal is lebensraum extender . 
  only the kruppstahl kind of course . 
  oh god i feel like i should apologize to myself now . 
  stupid sexy flanders, 
   perhaps , simply illegalizing support for is would help . 
  [ happened in germany recently . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20140912/germany-officially-bans-terror-group-isis ) basically support of is / isis is punishable by law since they 're officially a terrorist group ( and we 're far less generous at throwing the term around like the us ) . 
  and come back years later to plant their crazy ideas in the heads of third-generation immigrant teenagers to whom fighting in the holy war seems much more exciting than getting an education and a regular job . 
  i 'm german and i 'm fucking grateful about the subtitles . 
  also i love graffiti art , but tagging is n't art . 
  you 're not an artist just because you have the time to spray stuff on thousands of walls . 
  also i would n't take what he 's saying about the police at face value , he sounds not quite right in the head . 
  a special unit that pushed him off a moving train ? 
   dutch people are from denmark . 
  denmark belongs to the dunmer !, 
  you guys need a peaceful revolution if politics refuse to change . 
  let her go in dignity , but for monarchy we 're in the wrong millennium . 
  * english translation redacted *, 
  * it is helpful for users who are learning another language . 
  what bugs me though is that the difference in grammatical structure and phrasing between most languages is too big to allow for word-for-word translation , and analogous translation makes connecting the responding words nearly impossible if you 're not fluent in both languages in the first place . 
  i thought they decided to have her as permanent queen decades ago . 
  very poor choice of header image . 
  i doubt that 's even the right continent . 
  wow , like 3/4 of europe think we 're the least compassionate . 
  that kind of sucks . 
  there there , little neighbour . 
  no hard feelings ? 
  or because people end up on the street within the month in the us if they lose their jobs . 
  that 's likely an effect of legally granted vacation , parental leave etc. 
  every regular worker works 8 hours a day here too . 
  well our guys are n't killing a few dozen people every month so i guess that 's an upside, 
  duude do n't diss my hometown . 
  perhaps , but associating post-wwii germany with `` shitty police '' is completely new to me . 
  as if any german could forget the stasi . 
  however it was never the police of the brd , the federal republic of germany . 
  it was put in place and controlled by the soviet union , so for west germans it 's kind of a stretch . 
  you 're right though , if you make that association it makes more sense . 
  i suppose the joke is that the swiss are always about business and therefor very unemotional , which sucks in bed . 
  ( not true at all , but you know , it 's all stereotypes . 
  have you found the german police to be horrible bastards ? 
  i doubt it . ), 
  if you 're in a city with a low crime rate ( such as my hometown stuttgart ) , the leos might seem intimidating but usually they 're actually great guys . 
  super helpful and understanding , and even humorous when you 're trying to ask for directions while drunk or something . 
  heyy , our police is pretty good . 
  ohh . 
  wwii joke . 
  hardly believable , as germany has imported nuclear power from france for years ... supplied from plants built near the french-german border . 
  and if something blows up in france most of it comes down in germany and poland . 
  i heard they recently they considered writing a disappointed letter to a subject 's parents . 
  it 's definitely getting worse . 
  except for bavaria , although that 's practically a foreign country . 
  police tractors . 
  really . 
  yea , bavaria has refused to make the switch so far . 
  i like both colors actually , but i think as one of the major decision-making countries in europe we should also be a good example . 
  they suffer a nasty glance . 
  in severe cases , multiple officers will simultaneously shake their heads disapprovingly . 
  green used to be the color of the german police force , in terms of car decals and uniforms . 
  our departments started to adapt to eu blue a few years ago , though some of the older cars still have the green markings , and bavaria completely refused to switch to blue so far . 
  besides , the dutchies simply love their orange ( as do i ) , i do n't think they 're going to make the switch soon . 
  i have seen a few audis a while back , though that seems to be uncommon . 
  down here im schwabal\u00e4ndle it 's all mercedes . 
  stuttgart - mostly mercedes e-class estate ( as pictured ) munich - mostly bmws 1 , 3 , and 5 ) saw opels a while ago up north . 
  i guess the departments prefer cars made in the respective state ? 
  you forgot stuttgart , germany !, 
  we just got new ones . 
  https://pay.reddit.com/r/stuttgart/comments/1on6i5/old_vs_new/ they go on ground level as well as underground . 
  there are 13 subway , 7 city train , and 100 + bus lines in stuttgart metropolitan area . 
  we 've also got one funicular and one cog railway . 
  this is such a broad statement that there 's literally no way to answer correctly or make a rational argument for or against it . 
  fuck you telekom, 
  or 40 people lost a few toes each in a rollercoaster accident, 
  there is a .1 person in turkey . 
  `` do n't enter if you are 1.80 or under '', 
  those .6 and .8 people in some eastern countries though .
