sorry , half the country with no running water ? 
  the entire countryside has less than 50 % of the population ( ~ 40 % last time i checked ) and many have all the basics . 
  a mercedes taxi screams my rates are humongous , run for your wallet !, 
  then again i 'm not used to them , being from romania where the norm is to have dacias as taxis . 
  that mercedes taxi picture for romania took me by surprise , they 're quite rare ( and of course the rate on the door is higher than the common rate , although not humongous ) . 
  i hope you 're kidding if you think it 's that easy to just `` pay them more '' . 
  do you have any idea how economies work ? 
  how businesses work ? 
  do you think money comes out of thin air and we just refuse to hand it out ? 
  having the money but lacking the brilliant minds to put it to good use does n't really help a country that much . 
  then we 'll definitely have a yacht club !, 
  got ta start saving money for a yacht . 
  and bucharest drowns . 
  where are those cluj guys with their obligatory ** cluj master race !, 
  no need , we all have our crazies . 
  that propaganda is not meant for us , it 's meant for their own people and for the ukrainians to make them stop thinking about running from russia into the arms of eu . 
  `` look how shitty romania is doing since they joined eu and nato , do you really want that ? 
  better stay with father russia , he 'll take care of you . '', 
  oh i 'm sure they 'd prefer their own homes surrounded by peace . 
  but since they had to leave , of course they 'd rather go somewhere with a better chance of picking their lives back up . 
  exactly and unfortunately . 
  romania is by no means a shithole , but it barely offers any social assistance to its unemployed and its homeless , it has very little to offer refugees , especially when they are this many . 
  i am not the least bit surprised that refugees do n't want to come here since they ca n't be given much help to at least survive , let alone put themselves on their feet . 
  i swear your reality is different than [ what actually happens ] ( http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/actualitate/social/fabrica+de+confectii+fara+muncitori+locuitorii+comunei+in+care+a ) . 
  the pay there is 200 euros and there have been other factories that could n't find workers because they were offering the same or even smaller pay . 
  dude 's talking out of his ass . 
  those factory jobs that nobody takes are back wrecking work with long hours and shit pay even for romanian standards - about 200 euros , just a bit more than unemployment benefits . 
  only they 'd be destroying their health , they 'd be unable to work their lands/gardens , care for their kids or work as day laborers for an extra dollar . 
  ohhh where can i try beer experiments ? 
  figure of speech  first time i had cider was in bulgaria 3 or 4 years ago , they had somersby at a tiny neighborhood store . 
  carling and somersby mainly , i know they 're not produced in bulgaria , it 's just we do n't have them here . 
  we have n't had any kind of cider in romania whatsoever since a few months ago when they started importing strongbow and old mout ( and a few others that quickly disappeared ) , no clue why just now when you guys have had cider for ages . 
   thanks for the tourists ha , i 'd visit you guys every week if i could . 
  among lots of other good things about you guys , i went to a festival in bulgaria this summer and it was the best organization and best crowd i 've ever seen . 
  and you guys have great cider over there , the customs guys always look at us funny when they see how many bottles we 're passing through . 
  experiencing what exactly ? 
   a threat to our culture and integrity my sides !, 
   make the assumption op is a mysoginistic i did n't say anything like that . 
  you 're reaching as much as he is . 
  the fuck kind of mental leap are you taking to jump from shit teacher to `` feminism is bad , mkay ? '', 
  oh the teacher 's a woman . 
  [ and all women must be 3rd wave feminists . 
  ] ( http://www.harkavagrant.com/?id=341 ) got it . 
  * olanda * is the netherlands . 
  5th place even . 
  many of us have no ill feelings toward you guys , hopefully we 'll influence the others . 
  never gon na work when soccer is involved though , it seems to attract the most hateful individuals from both countries . 
  30 % do n't have plumbing , let 's not make it seem even worse than it is . 
  it could be true , not having a proper bathroom does n't mean they do n't have access to water and soap though , people kept themselves clean before we had plumbing . 
  my grandparents refused to have a bathroom built for them ( locked in their old ways ) , but are clean and neat freaks and keep themselves clean and their house spotless and i 've seen the same things with lots of other old folk i visited at the countryside . 
   he/she literally takes the girl to a seperate room where he lets her wait a couple of minutes before they return to the familly to tell them that she 's a virgin . 
  you know this for a fact ? 
  because i 'd love to believe this is what happens . 
  pretty likely , [ please do !, 
  i honestly do n't think people are looking to actually flee because of trump , those who really intend to leave have probably wanted to for a while for whatever reason and just needed a push . 
  where is that ? 
  just curious , i live in bucharest and am from a smaller city too . 
   i have lots of friends who have degrees in social stuff or politics and ca n't find work in their fields . 
  that 's common everywhere in the world though , as well as doing better if you 're in it . 
  i was in the hospital , burghele ( former panduri ) hospital in bucharest , for 10 days some years ago and it was clean and comfortable , i was in a 2 bed room with a private bathroom , the nurses were perfectly professional , everything was just fine . 
  did n't pay a cent for the whole stay and the doctor did n't accept my parents ' bribe ( they were used to giving it out like candy ) . 
  of course this is just one hospital and while there are several like this , i know horror stories from other hospitals too . 
  it 's a very hit & miss kind of thing , just definitely not a death sentence or complete shit . 
  that would be impolite as hell to all the good doctors and staff doing their best out there . 
  your mileage may vary , but the large groups of expats in the major cities , especially those who have businesses here , fully disagree with broad stuff like `` romania is shit '' . 
  i 've met a bunch of expats who moved here for business , found spouses and settled for good , kids or no kids , taking in the good and the bad of the country . 
  those who make broad negative statements are always jaded romanians . 
  oh man , i 'm against using dubs , but the dubbed life with louie was particularly brilliant . 
  excellent translation and fantastic voice actors , the original just does n't seem to have the same charm . 
  they make pretty good dubs for children 's animated movies too . 
  we do n't have an overly numerous population of wild animals in romania and the system is too easily corruptible to implement a hunting program that wo n't be abused . 
  for now , it 's better without . 
  i read the us had a ban on products made with child slavery in the 90s , so the factories fired the children . 
  when the press did a followup on it , they found the kids were prostituting themselves , stealing or working in slavery conditions . 
  child labor is crap , but if that 's the best they can do , taking that option away from them is making things worse . 
  oh sorry , i thought you were romanian and spoke the language . 
  nah they 'd probably be happier if you were foreign looking to adopt a romanian kid . 
  or looking for bribes , one of the two . 
  i doubt that 's true , got a source ? 
  i found this : http://www.dasiasi.ro/procedura-adoptiei-interne--dtl-164464.html, 
  you 'd be doing a fantastic thing for a child !, 
  if i ever have kids , i too want to adopt , my only reason for refusing a child would be if they had some disability because i know i ca n't handle it . 
  those who adopt kids with disabilities are absolute saints . 
  ( from [ here ] ( http://www.dasiasi.ro/procedura-adoptiei-interne--dtl-164464.html ) ) you can refuse 5 different children based on details and photos before having met them in person . 
  you can refuse whatever child they assign you . 
  does n't make the procedure less stupid . 
  we have romanian haters on reddit too , safe to ignore . 
  self hatred is a national sport . 
  thanks for the praise and glad you liked it in romania !, 
  if you drop by again , stop in bucharest and join a reddit meet , we 're friendly and love chatting up new folk over a beer . 
  you may or may not have all of your kidneys the next day though . 
  yea , there was even a scandal a few months ago that cora was selling cooked food and fresh produce that had expired . 
  same thing with some packaged foods . 
  i live close to a cora and had various issues with their stuff too , i avoid it now . 
   the worst being kaufland and profi profi is expensive , but kaufland ? 
  at least the ones i go to have pretty good prices and a large selection . 
  cora sucks balls though , expensive and they 're known to sell products beyond their expiration date . 
  he 's a great candidate , shockingly incorruptible , intelligent and with a good track record . 
  we do n't think he wins though , shady crap is happening in favor of another candidate . 
  true , what am i even doing , expecting logic from bigots ...
