  no it did n't . 
  is the average cuban citizen better off for it ? 
  hardly . 
  whatever the original reason over half a century ago ( wikipedia says it was a reaction to disowning americans during the batista regime btw . . 
  even before castro that is ) , the sensible thing would be to admit the it was a shit show and simply drop it . 
  i do n't think sanctions make much sense to apply to any developed country . 
  i mean , what is it you want to show ? 
  we do n't approve of x you 've done , so we punish you for that by hurting your trade . 
  but then - you 're invariably hurting someone else too . 
  trade is always a bilateral thing , and when you 're one of the largest economies , chances are , the sanctions are hurting you too . 
  the larger the target of the sanctions , the larger the backlash for international economy . 
  - it makes you look like a dick . 
  what exactly was the reason you embargoed cuba into the stone age again ? 
  oh yes , they dared to be communist . 
  what is the reason you 're [ * still * ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/16/trump-to-announce-new-restrictions-on-cuba-trade-and-travel ) doing it ? 
  - all it does is forcing the sanctioned nation to find new partners abroad . 
  sanctioning russia is basically saying : `` please trade more with china '' . 
  this is the major difference between sanctioning north korea and sanctioning russia . 
  - the precedents are sadly that everyone sanctions exactly those nations they do n't like for any reason imaginable while curiously looking over the same problems in allied nations . 
  this in itself is not surprising , but it robs sanctions as a tool the illusion of being something like international justice . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's pissing into other nations cereal . 
  all in all , it looks to me like it 's more of a publicity stunt to make the politician announcing the sanctions popular in their own country than a refined tool for diplomacy . 
  look , they think * we 're brits . 
  `` diversity '' is one of these loaded terms for americans . 
  being diverse is core to the self image of america . 
  you ca n't say anything bad about it , or you 're automatically a racist scum . 
  meanwhile in europe the stigma does n't exist . 
  no one here automatically associates anything with `` diverse '' . 
  the article seems right about the general perception . 
  i do n't see it as either positive or negative . 
  and yes , it has nothing to do with race , it just means your neighbour is different from you . 
  from my perspective it 's the americans that are weird with their unquestionably positive association . 
  almost enough vocab for a1 czech right here . 
  [ i have no strong feelings one way or the other ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usschoqttyq ) . 
  ( and the votes still maintain the balance ), 
  ugh , this is going to be hard . 
  i speak german obviously , but i 'm not a trained linguist , so i hope i get this right . 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  here in the north it 's somewhere between a / \u0279 / and / \u0280 / ( both uvular sounds ) . 
  the further south you get , the more trill there is , and the sound shifts from uvular to ... alveolar i think it is ? 
  but in that cases it 's a trill or flap . 
  the thing is , approximants and mispronouncing `` ch '' are usually dead giveaways of anglophones in german so i really could n't think of an example of natives using it . 
  in general turks do n't seem to have a problem with rendering a passable german `` r '' sound , most likely because we are n't picky there . 
  i only know the / \u027e / from greek and japanese , and it never seemed difficult to me either . 
   german uses / \u0279 / sometimes when `` r '' is the first sound ) . 
  wait what ? 
  in which word ? 
  or better , in which region ? 
  wikipedia mentions it for austrians and loanwords , but i have a hard time thinking of such a pronunciation . 
  i 've never seen people here throw a bunch of clothes together like that either . 
  and the first guy looks like he 's having diarrhoea . 
  that was master of orion 2 . 
  the game had a system where you could make a custom race by buying perks with a budget of 10 points . 
  lithovore ( worth 10 points ) would make it so that your population would feed on production output instead of food , and subterranean ( worth 6 points ) would increase the population limit of every planet by 50 % , meaning you can focus on production tech and support large populations early on . 
  you need to buy a few negative perks to make it work , but who needs ground combat strength ( -2 ) when you simply outnumber the enemy ? 
  i 'll have to take your word for it because - as i mentioned - it does n't get that hot here , and i 'm pretty glad about that . 
  * immer locker durch die hose atmen * erm , ignore that , that would take too long to explain . 
  still if they have trouble breathing , i doubt that a better bag would help . 
  no good reasons , but at least reasons * at all * . 
   ww1 was horrible , but not really up there ww2 is the great atrocity , but ww1 is the great tragedy because there was so little reason for it in the first place . 
  just a lot of factions clinging to a dying world order and hoping the other one would give in first . 
  i 've yet to experience weather too hot for cargo pants with pockets . 
  not having pockets is being naked . 
  let me try that : if metric was n't superior to imperial we could go imperial on this metric . 
  damn . 
  only per capita if you do n't properly convert from metric to floridamen . 
  under special relativity the difference disappears in the gravity field of people of walmart . 
  / s seriously though , i do n't think we need to add circlejerk to this thread . 
  it 's already rather sad . 
  i always wonder according to whom german humour is bad . 
  is there some din norm for humour that we fail to meet ? 
  yes . 
  we do n't know either whether the swiss speak german or not . 
  which is interesting , because pearl harbour is about as detached from us as you described your experience earlier . 
  in the larger history where europe had already had two years worth of mayhem and japan and china were already at war since 1937 , a few thousand casualties do n't seem that much of a deal . 
  i 've never heard this question come up here . 
  i ca n't remember anything from my school days that was in any way considered controversial except maybe religion as a subject ( which sparked a separate parallel subject of `` values and norms '' for people who do n't want to attend religion courses ) . 
  i know it 's evolution , sex ed , islam and the likes in the us , but no one here thinks that 's something children should n't learn . 
  it 's about the same magnitude as a german walking into a black neighbourhood in the us and calling some random dude nigger . 
  if you browse through r/de you 'll find nazi jokes and references in spades . 
  but for an outsider ? 
  you might want to take a safer hobby , like breakdance in a minefield while juggling burning chainsaws . 
  oh , is streitbare demokatie an accepted concept in law theory ? 
  i thought it was more or less confined in germany , but you make it sound like it 's international . 
  also your points about things that belong into a constitution sound eerily similar to privilege escalation bugs in software . 
  either you have a system that prevents access by unauthorized parties and you make it airtight , or you do n't care about it . 
  leaving it at a half assed indirection is weird . 
   a new constitution as the current one is mostly an interesting hoistorical document about the development of democracy , but has nothing of a good modern constitution . 
  details please ? 
  very similar experience here . 
  growing up in divided west germany in the 80s , america was the root institution of the western world order . 
  there were the usa , the soviets in the east , and others \u2122 . 
  i remember that someone told me that the sesame street was american , and it just seemed natural ( despite the facts that there were only 3 tv stations , that the sesame street was heavily adapted for the german market and that the other three children programs at the time were of german origin ) . 
  it never occurred to me that this could somehow be out of the ordinary . 
  after reunification in my teens we learned a lot more about the not so rosy facets of the us like the kennedy assassination , vietnam etc. , but that only made them more real . 
  every country has problems , and even with those they were still the top spot on any wish list . 
  for comparison , that was the time of the gulf war , the yugoslav wars and northern ireland was in a quarter century old civil war . 
  in germany the raf terror from the 70s was still fresh in memory . 
  for me it came crashing down after 9/11 and the following bush administration .
