  not really apart from obvious stuff like `` has lived through the war '' . 
  there was a book that tried to define a generation golf as a rough equivalent of gen x but based on people driving the vw golf . 
  i never encountered the term outside of media coverage though . 
  the only generational term that 's still used is `` 68er '' , which refers to those who took part in the student protests during that time . 
  personal note : as someone born in the early 80s i always felt like people like me do n't exist in the american generation buckets . 
  you have a peculiar habit of inventing categories for things that are n't easily categorised . 
  for me personally , these simple five steps : 1 . 
  be lazy at school and fail every english course ever 2 . 
  play video games that only got published in english at the time ( my base vocab consists of `` buckler '' and `` studded leather '' ) 3 . 
  read terry pratchett 4 . 
  work a decade in an industry that uses english for almost everything 5 . 
  develop an interest for linguistics i fear it 's not really applicable ... 
  this . 
  i 'm really thankful that the internet at large does n't get to see our idiots . 
  actually using pr\u00e4teritum in spoken language makes you sound like a prick , and using it in written language without being _ really _ good makes you sound like a language learner or someone who just finished their abitur . 
  just ignore all tenses except present and perfect , and only use the others as clarification :  ich gehe morgen ins theater . 
  both perfectly fine in german but would require future and simple past in english . 
  the jump from `` is able to comprehend written german '' to native fluency with all the memes is almost certainly only attainable with time spent in one of the german speaking countries . 
  but since we are popular destinations for studying abroad there are quite a lot of those around . 
  ( and some with lesser proficiency . ), 
  as for japanese , i 'm pretty sure the same applies . 
  i have a few semesters of japanese under my belt , but getting from merely being able to translate to really understanding i 'd have to spend time there . 
  edit : wording, 
  `` tough out '' a bomb ? 
  i mean ... you guys do know what a bomb is do you ? 
  sticks and stones and tnt does n't really work as a nursing rhyme . 
  protip : if you do n't recognize the user name , look for his gilded post . 
  nationality laws are not what the average european will think of when you make blanket statements about the importance of ancestry . 
  we are already citizens of our respective countries . 
  also , did n't the france adopt a form of ius soli because of the ongoing shenanigans with alsace-loraine back in the 1800s ? 
  i have a hard time groking how little the french care if they care an order of magnitude less than us about that . 
  anyway , as others said , those generally pop up over here with overzealous types searching for their roots and finding out they 're 8 % dalmatian and 17.6 % ikea furniture . 
  that alone will give you enough raised eyebrows . 
  on top of that you might have heard that we 're pretty crazy about privacy . 
  the first thing i 'd expect such a dna testing service to do is sell the genomes they analysed in bulk to monsanto . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'm neither a species sample for someone to match in percentages , nor do i need a pedigree . 
  of course the american nominates something big . 
  :p i nominate : [ din a ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iso_216 ) paper sizes . 
  have you any idea how popular the german dubs of bud spencer and terence hill are ? 
  why would you celebrate christmas for the < your age here  - th time ? 
  it 's tradition . 
  we 're aware that it 's a cheesy tradition , that the british have even forgotten that sketch long ago , and that freddie frinton did n't even want to perform in germany . 
  it 's still tradition and for many germans in my age group the first time they saw undubbed english on tv . 
  no bonus to knifes ? 
  ouch , not enough coffee it seems . 
  i see what you meant now . 
   -5 to all stats during bad weather huh ? 
  were n't you a fellow northern german ? 
  our weather has * character * !, 
  not like those wussies down south with their almost 13 \u00b0 annual average temperature . 
  i do n't care for religion . 
  i do n't even call myself atheist . 
  i really do n't care about it enough to choose a label for it and i certainly have no understanding for being violently opposed to christmas . 
  because i care about rituals . 
  christmas is a collective ritual that expresses a shared culture . 
  there 's value in doing that together with your family even if the whole story around it would n't even make a mediocre children 's book for all its cheese . 
  also kultur-kristen ? 
  our term is `` u-boot christen '' . 
  they surface twice a year to christmas and easter . 
  i 'm pretty sure ours wins . 
  +5 engineering also ^ natural ^ raid ^ leader, 
  also relevant for this : gay rights is much less of a political topic here than in the us . 
  we 've had several gay politicians over the years , most prominently our vice chancellor from 2009-2011 . 
  the discussion if any is how similar the civil union should be legally to marriage . 
  currently the only differences are afaik ( ianal ) constitutional protection , pension claims for the widowed partner and adoption rights . 
  edit : bereavement benefits seem to be an exclusive uk thing . 
  english is hard, 
  the human just closes off . 
  it 's not that they do n't know that it is n't all roses , but as i mentioned in my other reply in this chain : outside criticism is not wanted . 
  if you bring up the topic , the conversation is over . 
  a sure way to troll a chinese student would have been : `` did you know that count von pommernschinken invented gun powder in 1263 ? '' . 
  the result would have been a 3 hour lecture about the accomplishments of chinese and how they have known about it for much longer . 
  i 've learned much later that there 's something called the chinese inferiority complex . 
  the gist is that when china and the western world grew closer china would always lag behind and this carved a scar into the national self esteem . 
  those of them that study abroad are fiercely protective of very real accomplishments in the past . 
  it 's like mentioning the war with germans or getting on about slavery and black-facing with americans . 
  just do n't do it . 
  not really sure what you 're expecting here but i think of china mostly as a really large place with a lot of chinese people . 
  the few i met in person during university were pretty cool as long as you avoid the topic of their government or who has invented what . 
  as for their culture and politics , i think my impression is summed up as `` growing pains '' . 
  with the older generation growing up under mao and then transforming over a billion people into a working capitalist society in a few decades i think it 's remarkable how they keep their shit together . 
  the downsides are of course their reputation for having little tolerance for criticism and the reputation their nouveau riche has garnered internationally . 
  still , the impressions i 'm getting now from business partners is mostly : difficult to work with but worthwhile . 
  does reading about nac mac feegle count ? 
   as you can hear , the two words are very different . 
  i think that 's what they meant . 
  it 's so different that it ca n't be called slight in any way . 
  what you call a `` long i '' would be written `` keinder '' in german and most likely `` kijnder '' in dutch . 
  it 's a different sound to us ( and in ipa too ) . 
  but ever since visiting shropshire i will respectfully reserve the option that you have some weird accent somewhere that pronounces it only slightly different than we do . 
  does n't matter how dense you are , goethe was a poet . 
  fig . 
  does n't matter how shit-faced you are , goethe was even more shit-faced . 
  `` dicht '' literally means dense , but gets used colloquially to mean drunk . 
  its comparative is `` dichter '' , which also means poet , because poets do compress language . 
  hmm . 
  several points about that . 
  the date really is important . 
  from what i 've heard ( i 'm in my 30s too ) , the exposure to other cultures has increased massively in the last decades .
