  somehow the entire nation collectively jumped the shark during that time , or it 's just because of the rise of the internet and access to less filtered information in the late 90s . 
  either way , from that time on , it 's like there are two americas . 
  there 's the land of innovators , of people who will stop at nothing to create or research or invent . 
  silicon valley , the mit , berkeley , bell , ibm , o'reilly , addison wesley , lots of influential brilliant people . 
  and then there 's the other one . 
  i 'd prefer not to talk about the other one . 
  good to know . 
  i would have focussed on the sound shifts first as well . 
  so , which one of us is better at making a competition out of everything ? 
  this seems to be important to know . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  i 'm not a beer enthusiast . 
  i just mock your ( stereotypically american btw ) need to make a competition out of everything . 
  point in case :  thanks for playing though !, 
  reading comprehension is your friend . 
  you 'll get shit only in return for shit like this :  ( the beer advocate and ratebeer top 50 is predominantly us craft beers ) you can have good beers , but as soon as you claim to have * all * the best beers , you 'll have half of europe on your heels . 
  especially if the sources for that claim happen to be american websites . 
  no shit , if i quote bierbasis.de , the amount of german beers will skyrocket too . 
  my stereotype about you is that you should stop the andorra flair . 
  at this point i simply assume that every andorran user is catalan . 
  care to elaborate on that ? 
  i 've never been to scotland and i thought scottish sounds like [ filth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tymwdb7gtk4 ) , james mcavoy being scot and all . 
  not like that ? 
  if it 's punctual . 
  which it is n't . 
  so i listened to all of them , and while not to the same magnitude , they still share what i meant above . 
  these texts are all about the same few topics : hardship , drugs , identity , criminal surrounding , conflict . 
  all of this is about the person and their interaction with the world , most of the time negative . 
  but i 'm a pretty happy person . 
  i did n't grow up in the ghetto , my parents were neither divorced , nor criminal , nor druggies . 
  am i really the only person like that around ? 
  is there a rapper that basically goes `` yep , everything is all right , and and i 'm cool with that '' ? 
  something that feels like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktn0li1q1o0 ) ? 
   - it 's still not taken seriously . 
  to most people , it 's still a ` yo , yo , yeah , i 'm the best and fuck your mom , all rap is the same , garbage music ' i admit , i 'm one of these people . 
  i really have better to do than listen to someone describing the size of his scrotum and it seems to me like that is indeed a lot of the genre . 
  also i despise the personal cult around the artists . 
  in the minimal genre i grew up in artists would rarely attach their name to their work . 
  i do n't understand to this day why it 's so important who made it if the music is good . 
  well , wikipedia says bloodhound gang hails from `` king of prussia , pennsylvania '' . 
  can we claim them as ours then ? 
  dante in school ? 
  is it an annotated version with 3 pages of explanation for every verse ? 
  huh , weird . 
  i did n't know it varies that much . 
  here in the north it 's `` bist du im zirkus gro\u00df geworden ? '', 
  - `` were you raised in a circus ? '', 
  scots , you can have that one . 
  love , germany . 
  i reject the idea that they can earn that , but not that they can get that . 
  seriously , there 's nothing you can do in an 8h work day that would mean you earn that much money when the people researching fusion energy and cancer treatments have to make do with a research grant . 
  but that 's not to say they do n't exist here as well . 
  it 's okay as long as the money somehow flows back into the economy . 
  to add to that : there 's an old skit by thomas freitag about the difference between polish and german workers . 
  it 's reasonably well known in germany at least and reinforces this stereotype . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kixlgh5wasu ) is a recording of it , and [ this ] ( https://pastebin.com/x3msfa82 ) is a quick translation of it . 
  ( i suck at imitating lower class english . ), 
  you ca n't really describe it terms of need . 
  think about the discoveries . 
  imagine you are someone who grew up without the internet and someone showed it to you for the first time . 
  this is you in every language you do n't know . 
  every new language opens up an entire world again . 
  also : english is the lingua franca , but that does n't mean you can communicate with everyone . 
  everyone can communicate with you . 
  you only realize how small your bubble is when they choose not to do so . 
  so , i resisted my initial urge to reply to that immediately and thought a bit about that , and i still think the problem is with your priorities . 
  from what i know about the american system , i would identify three properties that are simply ridiculous and have to change , nearly regardless of cost . 
  the first one is that insurers do n't do their job . 
  if insurance means you have to haggle with your insurer about whether they pay or not and if yes how much , that 's something that can be fixed by regulation . 
  in the eu in general , the regulators do n't fuck around when it comes to this . 
  catalogue of basic treatments , yearly cap on co-payments for this catalogue , mandatory for all insurers and all insured by 2020 , deal with it . 
  some insurers might try to raise their premiums , other wo n't , and here 's one of those times where market forces really do help to ensure the price will level out . 
  in case you do n't know , this is exactly how the system works in germany . 
  we do n't have single payer , we have a thriving system of insurers , but all are bound to the same basic catalogue of treatments they have to cover and are only free to offer extra treatments for higher premiums . 
  the second one is the atrocious handling of prior conditions . 
  to ensure free competition between insurers , i 'm pretty sure you need to guarantee that every ensurer a ) must insure everyone who can pay the premium and b ) must not factor prior conditions into these premiums . 
  only then can you stick the finger to your insurer and simply change to the next one . 
  again , this is not rocket science . 
  you just tell them all that these are the new rules of the game , and they are free to make their fortune within the rules . 
  these two changes might cost money , but they give you security , * real security * , not the kind of protection money mafia that your current insurers run . 
  the situation of your sister you mentioned in this thread ? 
  unthinkable in europe . 
  a hospital stay here is 10 $ per day because every insurer is required to make it so . 
  the third point are the 9-15 % uninsured , and i grant you that this is really hard to tackle if people are convinced that this is stealing from them . 
  complicated it is not though . 
  it 's simply something that you collectively decide to spend a few billion dollars on . 
  i really like john green . 
  but you can tell he 's american when most of the 4min is spent talking about money . 
  money , money , money , money . 
  seriously , 6 % of gdp going away over night ? 
  no one proposes that . 
  even if you used the the same amount of money you currently spend to cover all , you 'd still spend more than other nations . 
  but that 's not what it 's all about is it ? 
  no one cares if the bloke next door croaks as long as you can discuss who gets how much money . 
  for germany the question gets asked so often , someone took the time to create an [ faq draft ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/6efcqd/here_is_my_draft_for_a_faq_health_insurance_now_i/ ) for it over at r/germany . 
  short answer to your questions : see flair , most , percentage of income , yes , yes , no , less homeopathy . 
  as for the american system : why do you ( collectively ) hate your fellow americans ? 
  20min ? 
  * pff * i can do that . 
  challenge accepted .
