  because it directly collides with the also existing dd/mm/yyyy format and has no other beneficial properties ( like being stable when sorted lexically , like the yyyy-mm-dd format ) apart from being akin to what a few hundred million people happen to say in a language the rest of the world does n't think in when reading those dates . 
  but as an engineer you already knew that . 
  i learned months into the crisis that there was a refugee camp a few kilometres outside the city i live in . 
  i live near a university with a lot of international students , and had n't seen anything out of the ordinary . 
  * shrug *, 
  you do n't get off the hook that easily . 
  there are several european languages with brain damaged spoken conventions that do n't translate to written notation . 
  the french could n't be bothered to think up names for multiples of ten greater than 60 and give you a maths equation , and we germans use double digit numbers backwards . 
  31 is literally called `` one and thirty '' in german . 
  you can call it july 4th or fourth of july or nine-eleven , the * written * convention is still broken . 
  i have only been to canada , but i think i can extend this one to the us : the absurd amount of space between everything . 
  really , would it kill you to pack more than 100 people into a square kilometre ? 
  even cities of similar population had like a quarter of the population density i 'm used from home . 
  ( places like nyc being obvious exceptions ), 
  speaking for germany , yes we would . 
  the language and customs are the biggest part . 
  religion is irrelevant . 
  liberal muslims are pretty common in german cities already since we [ imported turkish workforce in the 60s and 70s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gastarbeiter ) and the northern and eastern regions tend to be less religious than the south anyway . 
  from my perspective , if you live here , and learn to speak the language to a near native fluency , there is nothing to stop you from becoming german . 
  getting citizenship is just one of the steps . 
  a lot of second generation immigrants will colloquially be called `` turks '' or `` russians '' , but it would be preposterous to claim that they are not german . 
  i once got called out by a parent while crossing . 
  i hate that sort of thing . 
  i turned around , crossed the street again , and told the kid that when he is as tall as i am , he can make his own decision whether he has enough overview to cross a street or not . 
  i remembered him that he has only one chance to get it right . 
  then i wished the parent a good day , looked with emphasis around for cars and crossed the fucking street again . 
  wait a second . 
  you already got bond and doctor who , and even those blokes from kingsmen . 
  why would anyone want to trade them with generic-marvel-hero-with-a-national-paint-job ? 
  hmm , i think it would sound like a dutch accent . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i actually spoke german with one of you guys , but my attempts to correctly pronounce grachten taught me a lot about the difficulties involved . 
  also , do n't take my previous comment to mean that you absolutely have to pronounce it correctly . 
  it 's just an artefact of learning the language that sticks very long with english natives . 
  you know how germans have trouble pronouncing `` th '' and just do n't care and use / s / or / z / all the time ? 
  kind of like that , but with / k / for every `` ch '' . 
  hearing someone putting in the effort to get this right is delightful and gets the speaker a lot of extra credits . 
  not only high school students . 
  until near native level , everyone will speak mangled german even if it 's just a wrong pronoun or case . 
  we are used to it and would never fault someone for it . 
  it 's like hearing an indian speak english and noticing the accent . 
  it 's there , it 's normal . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  if you really want to make an impression though , learn to pronounce ` ch ' . 
  that one is usually a dead give-away of anglophones . 
   or job in german ( not spelled dschob ) the standard transliteration of russian into german also generates monsters like borschtsch ( which , as i was told , is n't even how it 's pronounced today ) . 
  german spelling is just crap for those sounds . 
  i think you guys crammed so much of that into your languages just to troll us . 
  i would totally do it . 
  yeah i walked right into that one . 
  what i meant was that the minefield is only the du/sie and first/last name stuff in practice without the profeessor/doctor that usually gets mentioned in the same breath . 
  still way simpler than east asian levels of politeness , but a far cry from calling everyone by first name . 
  i do n't know . 
  i never encountered the minefield reddit makes out of german titles in practice . 
  i call my md just by her last name . 
  i called my profs in uni by their last name . 
  i call my friends from those days who did their phd since then by first name . 
  this really only applies when first meeting someone in a business environment where a certain amount of grovelling is expected . 
  honorifics are still there , and it 's considered polite to acknowledge them , but insisting on them would be highly suspicious in my book . 
  and with the whole plagiarism affairs of the last years , very few actively do so . 
  for example , [ this ] ( http://www.twitterperlen.de/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/twitterperlen_regendelfin-612x612.png ) is a popular twitter image of last month . 
  lose translation : * academics banned from leaving the country . 
  why is dr. frauke petry never in turkey at times like these ? 
  * with frauke petry being head of our right wing nut-job party afd . 
  this should give you an impression on the general state of respect for academic titles . 
  pitiful rosbifs . 
  not even having louis de fun\u00e8s . 
  interestingly i ca n't find that scene in english . 
  youtube is full of the french [ * non ? 
  ohh !, 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gioeh34fhxe ) and the german [ * nein !, 
  ohh ! * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjlzlg9uxsy ) . 
  was that film never dubbed to english ? 
  i 'll have you know that this has been upgraded to two sentences out of five with din 12245589 in 2015 , although you are now also allowed to use nein and doch if proper volume is observed . 
  ha , do n't sell yourself short . 
  from what i see of you in r/germany , you 're integrated just dobrze . 
  i 'm more worried about op and this obsession with work in employment of all things . 
  i can understand an entrepreneur pouring his soul into his firm . 
  but as an employee ? 
  in my work we are n't even allowed to amass overtime . 
  a friend of mine has to get overtime approved ahead of doing the actual work . 
  expecting workers to essentially unilaterally break their contract by permanently working more than what was agreed is beyond alien to me . 
   work is the avenue through which i execute my purpose in life . 
  for me , there is no higher calling in this world than employment . 
  and my country gets associated with `` w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk '' ? 
  really , it counts doubly as effort . 
  that particular sound seems to give english native speakers so much trouble , it usually sounds more like : `` entschuldigung , shprrexck [ sound-of-internal-organs-rupturing ] en sie englisch '' . 
   it 's not the most popular genre , heavy metal has that title by quite a gap and el\u00e4kel\u00e4iset of course . 
  you 're doing it again . 
  if you feel the need to rant this much in the general direction of atheists , you should n't be surprised if it devolved into petty arguments . 
  that reason has n't anything to do with `` more people '' . 
  and `` people wo n't accept it '' is an interesting reason why a system can not work if it does work elsewhere . 
  maybe solvable with better advertising ? 
   i do n't want to see guns go away from society . 
  i like guns and i think that in many cases , they do save lives . 
  this is the main difference i think . 
  all else being equal , we just do n't think guns are in any way an enrichment to society and certainly do n't protect anyone . 
  i used to think that stricter regulation would work , but not any more . 
  if you protect anything with a gun , then you only exchange one potential homicide against another . 
  and as long as the attitude towards guns stays this way in the us , no amount of legislation will work , not even in reducing body count . 
   i do n't really know how to interpret that because something like `` we ca n't have health care because we 're 320mio people '' ends up about once a day over there , usually with some * muh diversity , yurop homogenous * added into the mix .
