  that reminds me to check up on your state of emergency ... ... holy shit , july 2017 ? 
  you 're not even pretending any more are you ? 
  i conclude that you are either in prison for excessive violence or you avoid r/de . 
   who still walks around with coins in 2017 ? 
  we do . 
  cash is king here baby !, 
  [ yes , for work . 
  not a hobby at all . 
  ] ( http://classicprogrammerpaintings.com/post/143109414333/sysadmin-checks-if-rfc2822-actually-allows ) ( i dare you to resist the urge to look it up  ), 
  when reading almost never . 
  in fact i read books or articles and could n't remember the language it was written in afterwards several times . 
  which can get a little embarrassing . 
  as for speed i think about the same . 
  when writing i look up things frequently , not because i do n't know the term though but because i want to make sure it means what i think it means . 
  figures of speech can be really hard to translate . 
  also i 've switched my auto-correction to british , and it still catches stuff i did n't know to be american english . 
  most possibly , but then again legislature is just programming with a terrible programming language and millions of black hats searching for flaws to exploit . 
  and when i read * ii . 
  we should always put our citizens first . 
  * , the first thing that comes to my mind is what valid reasons or circumstances there might be to ignore it when * v . in particular , we must pay attention to the uk 's unique relationship with the republic of ireland and the importance of the peace process in northern ireland . 
  * does not share this caveat . 
  any law speaking person here to clarify this usage of language ? 
  i 'm no letter writer either but it seems to me that politicians are not aware of [ rfc 2119 ] ( https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt ) . 
  nope . 
  das boot is the correct answer . 
  metropolis second . 
  then we can talk about anything else . 
  you 're not even wrong . 
  i have n't eaten one in years . 
  that just tells you how much less fuss we 'd make about sauerkraut . 
  as it is in germany . 
  most people here would get more worked up over someone not liking currywurst . 
  and plenty of people do n't like asparagus either although it 's pretty common as a seasonal dish . 
  if you do n't like [ gr\u00fcnkohl ] ( http://static.chefkoch-cdn.de/ck.de/rezepte/23/23710/792035-960x720-gruenkohl-wie-ihn-mutter-kochte.jpg ) though , that 's where things get ugly . 
  protip : play secret of mana and secret of evermore in german . 
  the translators at the time took quite a few [ artistic liberties ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_gmaw5g5pym4/thexqm4kbni/aaaaaaaaafg/4wect00r1nk/s1600/secret+of+mana+-+lindenstra%c3%9fe.jpg ) . 
  when i was learning it ? 
  uh that 's a long time ago , but i think i got the most points deducted for not using progressive and future tenses . 
  german simply uses one present tense for all of that . 
  also adverbs . 
  in german adjectives and adverbs are the same words so ... yeah ... did n't come naturally to us . 
  irrelevant . 
  adhering to the culture and language now counts . 
  indeed black-green could very well be . 
  but a coalition with the afd is out of question , for any party . 
  in german politics polls and votes are only one part of the equation . 
  the willingness for cooperation and compromise is what ultimately determines coalitions , and the afd is hell-bent on pandering to extremists which makes it impossible to form a coalition with them . 
  they either get 50 % of the votes or will be in the opposition . 
  die linke had the same problem for years . 
  even though red-red-green would have been possible at some points the other parties could not get to an agreement or ruled it out in any case . 
  daily . 
  i live near the university , and we have a lot of chinese students in engineering . 
  that 's the trick . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  the way it 's presented in the news i consume is much more absolute . 
  fair enough , the current 4/4 split is more of an accident and has nothing to do with representation . 
  at least i think that was your point ? 
  i always thought bicameral referred to the split into senate and house of representatives . 
  if so , that 's how a lot of countries do . 
  germany has bundestag and bundesrat , and uk have their house of lords and house of commons , and both are called parliament . 
  nothing in that restricts you to two parties . 
  two parties are a consequence of first past the post , because every emergent third party draws votes from their nearest ally and practically ensures the victory of their opponents . 
  make voting for a third party not throwing away the vote and you 'll get them naturally . 
  you 're putting way too much weight into the role of the president , either perceived or real . 
  the sane thing would be to tone down on that single person and look for the administration beyond that . 
  in congress and supreme court there is at least some proportional representation but your atrocious two-party system makes sure that whoever has the majority can just overrule the opposition forever . 
  and even if your favoured democrats win in 2018 - that does n't make your system any less shit . 
  how many guantanamo bays did obama close down like he promised back in 2008 ? 
  why did n't he do it ? 
  because he was part of the machine too . 
  depends . 
  are you anglophone ? 
  10/10 for learning any language at all , +1 bonus for your choice being mine . 
  are you dutch or danish ? 
  3/10 for trying to pass off what we all know you somehow magically acquire at age 3 as `` learning '' . 
  everyone else still 8/10 . 
  i hope you find it worthwhile and do n't just want to read nazi literature in the original like that fellow on r/germany a while back . 
  i just checked a few corners around my house , did n't see a single police guy and no machine guns either . 
  have i missed something ? 
  have shot weapons in the army . 
  it 's fun to do as a sport , but a messy , loud and expensive sport . 
  i would prefer shooting bows over firearms as a sport . 
  i have no desire nor need to own a gun privately . 
  everyone who thinks a gun can defend anything is delusional . 
  if you have n't noticed , trash talking about other parts of the country is a mandatory part of being german . 
  you can find the same punchline with every other city . 
  shells ? 
  one of these question that gets enhanced infinitely by adding : * i need to know this by thursday *, 
   and called intervention therefore illegitimate i 've wondered about that wording before . 
  i did n't read it like that , and i imagine the two dodging answers you got did n't either . 
  the question of legitimacy did n't occur to me before you mentioned it . 
  i 'm not sure how to explain this . 
  the view in europe does n't centre around whether or not the us is legitimate in intervening . 
  you 're right in that the prevailing opinion is that you should n't but i do n't think anyone thinks about whether it 's right to do so . 
  what we see instead is action taken disregarding protocol or for the wrong reasons . 
  for some reason we 're really sensitive to things like that . 
  it 's not only bush and his wmd in iraq . 
  translated : `` the safety of germany is also defended at the hindu kush '' . 
  this was an outcry . 
  was the operation legitimate ?
