honestly i 'm not so sure i got it . 
  is it supposed to be problems just get solved in half the time ? 
  because it feels it should be more like one of : * hanging a shield with `` solution '' over the problem ( as has happened with demail . 
  we just declare it to be secure , end of discussion ) * taking a turn to somewhere else and hope the problem is forgotten ( speciality of our top politicians , media turns it into the first one later ) * having a giant machine solution !, 
  ( hey , i like that stereotype ) edit : can i have 1 +3 ? 
  hanging a mechanized machine solution shield slightly askew over the problem ? 
  overall not a bad article . 
  10 sentences before any mention of hitler ( that 's about 5 times the average when the topic is germany ) and reserves the possibility that the condescending attitude towards left-wing germans may not be true ( our secret brainwashing of their journalists plan is finally coming to fruits ) . 
  * everyone in wolfsburg works for vw * everyone in ludwigshafen works for basf ( both very nearly true ) * munich is not part of bavaria . 
  they even vote spd there . 
  * everyone in a city along the rhine is drunk all year long . 
  it 's the only way to explain their animosities with the city on the other side of the river ( k\u00f6ln-bonn , mannheim-ludwigshafen , etc ) , and it also allows them to stomach karneval roughly half of the year . 
  also , germany is roughly split in three parts : north , south and east . 
  the east obviously being all those lazy dumb commis who nowadays either fled their region or turned nazi . 
  the north/south border is universally agreed upon to be the weisswurst\u00e4quator ( lit . 
  white sausage equator ) . 
  where it precisely lies depends on who you ask . 
  for bavarians it 's roughly 2km north of where they happen to live , everyone north of that is a fish head or sauprei\u00df . 
  for shore bound folks in the north it 's where the ocean is no longer visible . 
  for lower saxons it starts where you can no longer see who 's going to visit the day after tomorrow ( meaning : the north of germany being really flat ) . 
  also in the eye of northerners everyone in the south secretly identifies as a frank , despite the name being taken by a 60mio people country to the west . 
  you 're thinking in absolutes again . 
  you do n't need to ban fox news , but fox news has wide influence , and thus should be responsible for the consequences of their actions . 
  we have the same problem with bild in germany , but in our case , if bild writes shit about a person , they have the right of reply , which forces the tabloid to present their reply in the same prominent position and style as the original . 
  [ this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gegendarstellung#/media/file:bild_gegendarstellung.jpg ) was an actual cover , after they ~ ~ lied ~ ~ spread the rumor that heide simonis , then mp of a state , was to participate in our local version of `` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! '' . 
  i 'd hold the same standards to the nyt everyday . 
  for us it 's not about democracy or judgement , but about inequality of power . 
  the us version of free speech is tightly linked to how much money you have to make your voice heard . 
  those with enough money can drown out any voice of dissent . 
  is n't that what your 14th amendment tries to fix ? 
  all true , and still , as a european , it is completely baffling how you americans allow all the crud that ends up on fox or right wing watch . 
  i 'm pretty sure quite a lot of that would be actionable as libel here [ 1 ] , without restricting freedom of speech . 
  this is not to say i like the turn it takes around here nowadays , but we view the ambivalence as a good thing . 
  the thought of letting someone repeat the same old bullshit ad nauseam just because of free speech is just as frustrating and confusing to us . 
  [ 1 ] i 'm not a laywer , but i wager if calling someone `` dumme kuh '' ( stupid cow ) is actionable here , the plethora of hitler comparisons would n't stand a chance . 
  the fdp is basically dead . 
  after being seen as an appendage to the cpu during kohls era , they managed to piss off every potential voter they had by first openly running after whatever party was likely to win the elections , and later by having essentially all the political positions that were seen as the source for the 2008 crisis . 
  did n't help that their figure heads were all weirdos . 
  did n't help either that they announced they 'd go for 18 % and then got very close to 1.8 % ( well , comedians had a field day ) . 
  did n't help either that all aforementioned figure-head-weirdos quit , leaving the party without any recognizable face . 
  the topic is brought up in the context of news and blogs from time to time . 
  basically , you have to choose between writing in german , getting a national audience , or writing in english , lose your german audience and get an international one . 
  and no one really has the time and money to do everything bilingual . 
  i do n't know how this is in other countries , but i 'd wager it 's more of a problem in countries with world languages . 
  if you are used to getting everything in your own language , then there is little market for publications in english . 
  well , they do have a point about the unequal news coverage . 
  that definitely is the case . 
  what i meant though was not in reaction to perceived or real insults from outside of the culture and more inside of it . 
  do n't you troll each other ? 
  at least kids must be as horrible as everywhere else . 
  thanks for the explanation of shame and guilt cultures . 
  i wonder , how does that culture work with trolling ? 
  it was painfully easy in my childhood to ruffle kids of turkish parents with trivial insults , and with the advent of the internet it 's just gotten easier . 
  only one way to find out . 
  print the question as a headline in a newspaper . 
  not far enough . 
  our southern half still resists . 
  do you consider grey a shade of white or just a shade of black ? 
  the problem here is that focus online is about as reputable as the huffington post . 
  if your only source is one of them , better not post the article at all . 
  hey , we lower-saxons have tried our best to export more of them . 
  not our fault you always pick the duds . 
  yes , absolutely correct and i 'm interested to see how they resolve it . 
  but until they do i 'm tired of reading about their echo chamber every other day . 
  simultaneously complaining about adblockers and having flash/video ads does not help their case , and there 's only so many times i 'm willing to turn off my adblocker just to see that nothing changed . 
  complaining that good jounalism costs money while linking to the 10 worst dresses of last year in the side bar ? 
  nope . 
  in principle i support the non intrusive ads of abp and made the deliberate choice of not blocking those . 
  but it goes further than that . 
  as long as the news outlets are governed by desperate need of monetization they ca n't be independent by definition . 
  if their business model does n't work out that 's not my problem though . 
  in that regard even comic strip authors are ahead of your average internet news site by a decade . 
  and if your relevance as a news source depends directly on how many read your texts , then this is nothing short of suicide . 
  i would n't put it beyond them to try to convince people they are system relevant and should be funded with tax money . 
  can i still claim d\u00f6ner for germany if we put [ kraut ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doner_kebab#/media/file:doener_berlin_kraeuter.jpg ) into it ? 
   whoever wins the nomination is likely to win the election , as the republicans are mired in their typical infighting and shit show which is on full display to the rest of the world . 
  the rest of the world is not allowed to help you with your votes though . 
  also remember that a president alone can not fix the system . 
  the german public had really high hopes after obama 's election , especially since he promised nuclear disarmament ( which resonates with people here ) . 
  in reality though he has to work with the system he 's part of , and just getting the aca through required every last bit of commitment . 
  it will be an interesting showcase if sanders really wins . 
  it 's mostly a label . 
  when i was a kid they would have catholic and protestant religion and an ethics course with the name `` values and norms '' . 
  my parents let me decide which i wanted to attend , and i chose protestant religion ( despite being non-religious ) just because the other one sounded like intangible bullshit . 
  all three had the same contents . 
  we did pillars of islam as well as judaism , christianity , other religions and ethics stuff . 
  and whatever the actual plan to teach was , almost every session was derailed by discussion . 
  i remember that on one occasion a student claimed to have seen an ufo outside , and the teacher simply asked him questions about it that i recognize today as steering the discussion into epistemology . 
  this was northern germany though , which is n't very religious anyway . 
  off to french code gulag with you !, 
  everyone commenting their code in german can go debug code written in french on an ebcdic machine . 
  and that 's not even half of what they deserve . 
  so this one is essentially on the media who insist on reporting on those shootings . 
  good job . 
  what he means here is * notion * as in  sch\u00e4uble further dismisses the notion sorry that i did n't see this earlier . 
  i had to look up how they do reported speech in english too . 
  sounds weird though . 
  to be really correct you 'd have to write '' ... he said '' after every sentence . 
  then again , it 's something sch\u00e4uble said , so it 's not too far from wishful thinking anyway . 
  some notes about your translation : * `` muslims * are * an enrichment '' .
