  understandably the country was n't really high in demand in the decades after ww2 , and the iron curtain did n't help much either . 
  especially in east germany there are regions with next to no exposure to international travellers . 
  so yes , there are very few dark skinned people here . 
  there was a long interview with a tv celebrity from the 90s how she was painfully aware that she was the only dark skinned person around and got treated like a freak . 
  i 'm pretty sure that will still be the case in rural areas where people just never have seen someone who looks differently . 
  but in larger cities , particular in university cities , it 's not uncommon to drive a few minutes with the bus and hear 4 languages in short succession . 
  the main difference here is confusing genuine bewilderment with lack of acceptance . 
  people have no reason to treat dark skinned people badly because there are none that could have fuelled a negative stereotype . 
  for the longest time in my life , the only german dark skinned person i could name was [ mola adebisi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mola_adebisi ) . 
  i can see why a half jamaican would feel uncomfortably out of place . 
  a half iranian would not have been a problem until the nutcases decided that hating middle easterners was a thing again . 
   whatever the reality is , it just ca n't be possible that race and culture are so unimportant in germany as many german redditors claim . 
  we claim that race is unimportant . 
  culture is not . 
  germans in my experience tend to be very protective of things that make their region . 
  pick two random german speakers here on reddit and you 'll have a good chance that they 'll get into a shouting match over whose regional beer is better , how to say quarter past an hour or even just their dialect . 
  i 'm as guilty as the next guy about this . 
  i 've heard indians speak fluent german , and my first impression was being offended about their swabian dialect . 
  being an outsider to that is rough . 
  it will be rough for everyone , of every skin tone . 
  but i stand by the claim : if you get to the point where your german is near native , and you 've got the mannerisms down that identify you as someone from the local part of germany where you reside , you will be german , because that is what defines germans to each other . 
  and you 'll still get the weird looks from people surprised to hear that from you . 
  ( also : k\u00f6lsch is toxic , `` viertel nach '' is obviously correct and if you advertise your state with not speaking high german , you 're doing it wrong ), 
  i ca n't speak for your friends , only for my own experiences . 
  might i ask what the experiences of your friends are ? 
  the irony of the terms [ caucasian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peoples_of_the_caucasus ) and [ aryan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aryan ) will continue to astonish me . 
  yes , and as i said , there is simply no precedent for either in german . 
  you can argue of course that it 's simply not there because there are so few people of other skin colour that using labels is n't very informative . 
  lets take turks as an example . 
  if someone from germany and someone from turkey produce a baby , the question whether that baby is turkish or german is simply ridiculous . 
  this is simply not how people think here . 
  people will be discriminated against if they fit a stereotype . 
  in my region for example there 's a brand of russian-germans getting up at noon and sending the kids to buy two bottles of the cheapest vodka . 
  but next to them there 's an uzbekistan-born engineer running a small firm , where you would n't know it from looks or how he speaks . 
  skin colour or looks in general just is n't a useful indicator here . 
   * anti immigration parties gaining votes in every country *   we do n't do the whole race thing man what are you talking about . 
  no races here . 
  quoted for the historic value of how utterly incapable you lot are to comprehend the difference between country of origin and skin colour . 
  this is pretty much what i said . 
  you 'll stick out if you look different , and your experience will be different . 
  but the categorisation that americans do into buckets like `` white '' , `` hispanic '' , `` african american '' and `` asian american '' does not make sense here . 
  if you got dark skin colour in france , you 're not labelled african-french or something like that , at least to the extend of my knowledge . 
  hence a one-drop rule makes absolutely no sense . 
  you are what you are . 
  how would a one-drop rule for turks even work ? 
  if your family contains one greek and a macedone you look like a turk so you 're labelled on-drop-turk ? 
  come on , this is ridiculous , and not what is happening here . 
  i 'm not making statements about how people are treated , and the relationship of germany to its turks is complicated . 
  but not nearly as bad as the relationship of america with its minorities . 
  we do n't do the whole race thing anymore . 
  you look like you look . 
  if you 've got brown skin , then you 'll save in sun screen . 
  you 'll still stick out if you look different , but you wo n't be labelled for it . 
  the whole race thing you americans do is outlandish to us . 
  huh ? 
  i only measure sugar and flour with a measuring jug . 
  my grandmothers are called ursula and adoline . 
  anyone pregnant here to take up the challenge ? 
  it 's more that it confirms our opinion that your voting laws are stupid . 
  and it confirms the theory that when people are unhappy and you give them the choice between status quo and outrage , sometimes they will choose outrage . 
  there 's a lesson in that . 
  oh i know why it is the way it is . 
  it 's pretty obvious . 
  it 's still the most important difference i could make out . 
  i think it explains a lot of the other perceived weirdness like stronger individualism ( if your neighbour is an asshole , just pack up and move somewhere with no assholes around ) , suburban culture , more aggressive stance on self defence and the likes . 
  in comparisons between the two , the `` the us is huge '' snippet will always come up sooner or later . 
  sometimes prefaced with `` what europeans do n't realize '' , but that 's of course bullshit . 
  we 're not blind , we can read a map . 
  but the consequences are something that has to be experienced and i think that goes both ways . 
  a lot of the social conventions in europe either stem from living closely packed together or are otherwise adapted to it . 
  we get the whole `` germans are rude '' shtick , but at the same time these perceived rude people live in population densities comparable to urban la without utter chaos . 
  that is at the very least remarkable i think . 
  hmm , fair point . 
  still , your call what you do with illegal immigrants . 
  and we 're not exactly the authority on how to handle that stuff after our pretty opportunistic deals with turkey . 
  also , i do n't really care what trump says . 
  we 'll see what he does . 
  his predecessor promised to shut down guantanamo . 
  we 're still waiting . 
  i 'm pretty sure germany will be really good at doing exactly nothing , like always . 
  that said :  1 ) attempt the deportation of millions of illegal immigrants well , is it that easy ? 
  if you know who the illegal immigrants are and if it 's already illegal , why are n't they already deported ? 
  or is this another empty being-tough-on-x politician thing ? 
  it 's your right to throw out people that do n't belong to your country , the only thing you have to convince is your own consciousness . 
   2 ) trade war with china as if that is n't already the case . 
  you can piss off some off shore markets but do you really think that full blown embargoes on , say , electronics is what the us market wants ? 
  we 've been through that with russia . 
  trade war like real war just costs both sides money . 
  and sacrificing human lives seems to be perversely more accepted in america than sacrificing a new iphone . 
   3 ) leaving nato sounds like brexit . 
  makes for good soap-boxing but somehow is n't all that great once you think it through . 
  if you do it , any chance we can get rid of your drone bases too ? 
   4 ) responding to iranian provocation on the sea with deadly force . 
  sadly , like with most military things the us has done for as long as i remember we 'll be against it and you wo n't care . 
  if it goes wahoonie-shaped you 'll say it seemed necessary at the time , and some clapper will profess under oath how this was all correct . 
  interesting . 
  i always thought that the distrust was a consequence of the larger distances and less incentive to put up with your fellow humans in densely packed spaces , but with the information from that video that becomes circular reasoning . 
  my point was that no matter how weird the stuff is you * say * it does n't mean the things you * write * have to be weird too . 
  and as everyone on the internet knows , written stuff is more prone to be misunderstood . 
  that 's why the mm/dd/yyyy format gets so much hate .
