israel and maturity do n't really go hand in hand . 
  sweden were in a bad position though . 
  either they could 've helped finland and indirectly the nazis which would 've pissed off denmark , norway and all of the allies . 
  or they could 've helped denmark and norway which would 've not only pissed of finland but also meant that the nazis would 've invaded sweden which in turn would 've given the uk an excuse to bomb our mines ( where germany got their iron from ) . 
  shut up ... 
  haha you 're fucking clueless . 
  proffesors from chicago , harvard and mit have n't won the price ? 
  could you name some dogmatic and neoliberal schools that are on the same level as mit , harvard , chicago , princeton and more ? 
  could you give some examples of that ? 
  and why is it `` iffy '' just because alfred nobel 's testimony did n't mention an economy price ? 
  nobel 's money does n't pay for the price and it 's not called the nobel price . 
  i seriously do n't get people like you . 
  why is it worse just because it started later ? 
  explain that . 
  the same organisation decides the winner . 
  why is it iffy ? 
   as i said , you have n't studied the religion . 
  you are quoting leviticus , which is a part of the old testament . 
  christians are exempt from that . 
  i thought the old testament was a part of the bible . 
  maybe i 've read the wrong bible then . 
   with that being said , practice of homosexuality is regarded as a sin in christianity , but you are n't going to be put to death for it . 
  so it 's not homophobic to forbid gay sex ? 
  got it . 
   the reason as to why homosexual acts are forbidden is because a marriage should lead to children . 
  two men ca n't have sex and get children and neither can two women . 
  that is why homosexuals ca n't marry . 
  it would n't make any sense to let them marry from a christian perspective since they ca n't have children . 
  yes , but state marriage should n't have a christian perspective . 
  marriage was n't invented by christianity and finland is supposed to be a secular country . 
   with that being said , there of course are homophobic denominations that do frown upon homosexuals for the sake of being homosexual , but you ca n't accuse all of christianity for this . 
  the majority of all christians belong to denominations that adhere to what i wrote in the paragraphs before . 
  i never did . 
  i said that there is homophobia within christianity . 
  many christians chose to ignore certain rules and i 'm totally fine by that . 
  but that does n't change what it says . 
  yes , jesus did help that prostitute . 
  but he also said `` hate the sin , love the sinner '' . 
  he hated homosexuality , but not homosexuals . 
  that 's still homophobic . 
   `` if a man lies with a male as with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination ; they shall surely be put to death ; their blood is upon them . '', 
  sure thing . 
  is there any reason except for the homophobia in christianity why gays ca n't get married ? 
  so it is n't homophobic to give gays less rights than straight people ? 
  marriage is n't all about family though . 
  married couples get many economical and other advantages that gay couples simply ca n't get in finland . 
  if churches want to decline gay couples , sure . 
  but the state should n't be able to deny gay couples from getting married since state marriage has nothing to do with religion . 
  by calling finland homophobic i 'm not saying that gay sex is a crime . 
  but if gays do n't have the same rights as straight people , is n't that homophobic ? 
  why do you think finland is homophobic if not for christianity ? 
  it 's not a complicated question at all . 
  if two people want to get married they should be able to . 
  i thought finland was a secular state . 
  do n't tell gays what they ca n't do . 
  how could you though ? 
  it 's fucking ridiculous that some people gets to decide who other people can love or not . 
  that two guys can get married does n't affect your life ** whatsoever ** . 
  this is very missleading . 
  it counts students who are studying full-time but could `` consider '' getting a job , even if they live at their parents ' and have basically no expenditure . 
  the idleness rate ( no job nor studies ) is around 7-8 % . 
  you ca n't have prosciutto ? 
  how can you survive without prosciutto ? 
  sweden is abusing the eu ? 
  haha what a joke . 
  the eu gains more from sweden than sweden gains from being in the eu . 
  very many countries are a member of the eu but not the eurozone . 
  of course referendums are relevant . 
  you ca n't join the eurozone without the people being in favour for it . 
  we 're a democracy you know . 
  the people were against it and that 's why sweden is n't in the eurozone . 
  we also have a very different goverment today from the goverment of 1994 . 
  no , sweden did not ignore it . 
  why do i always have to repeat myself when talking to you ? 
  we had a referendum in 2003 but the people voted no . 
  how is it hypocrisy ? 
  i said that the us are worse than any other country in listening to others , not that my and every country in europe are perfect at it . 
  and believe it or not , it 's not me who decided to not join the eurozone . 
  it 's not hypocrisy for me to call out other countries when they ignore the eu ( even if sweden did n't ) because i have nothing to do with the former swedish goverment 's decisions . 
  for the last time , i said that they 're worse in not listening to other countries than any european country . 
  not that they 're a worse country than every european country . 
  how did you not understand that ? 
  your reading comprehension is suprisingly bad considering we 're speaking in your native language . 
  joining the eurozone is n't something you could do without a referendum . 
  we had one in 2003 , but the people voted no . 
  you enforce a negative american stereotyoe because you ca n't take any criticism aimed at your country and you only see it as a circlejerk . 
  your country is n't perfect , far from it . 
  they 're worse than any other country in europe in not listening to others . 
  read the comment i made above the comment you replied to . 
    yes , but adding a country who 's way worse than any other country in europe would n't help . 
   of course you did n't . 
  obviously what i meant by that is that they 're worse than any european country in not listening to others . 
   i pointed out how sweden completely disregarded their agreements with the eu in a very glaring way . 
  source please . 
  seems very odd since there are multiple countries who are n't in the eurozone but are in the eu . 
  2003 we voted in sweden wether to join the eurozone or not but the majority voted no . 
   and no one listens to the un . 
  it is a useless organization for many things . 
  the eu is far more powerful than the un . 
  no , only major countries ignore them .
