  the us would n't even be in the un if they were n't given a veto . 
  that says something about usa does n't it ? 
   and yes i am totally imagining things when you phrase comments using typical ignorant american . 
  you enforce a negative stereotype of americans . 
  every american is n't like you . 
  many americans on reddit however are like you . 
   edit : except the part about un , your entire comment is a lie . 
  so i mentioned sweden in any of my comments ? 
  got it . 
  just annoyed when americans ca n't stay on topic and downvotes anything negative about their country and brushes it off as `` anti-american circlejerk '' . 
  i never even critisiced america . 
  i never compared them to sweden , i did n't even mention sweden . 
  you did . 
  i said that they would n't listen to the eu , which they would n't since they do n't even listen to the un . 
  but keep living in your bubble where criticising the us is your imaginary `` anti-american circlejerk '' . 
  what ? 
  haha mate you have some reading up to do . 
  here 's a hint : the eu and the eurozone are two different things . 
  typical american . 
  commenting on things you know nothing about . 
  yes , but adding a country who 's way worse than any other country in europe would n't help . 
  edit : please read my comment above this before you reply to this ... have the context in mind please . 
  they would just ignore everything eu said . 
  obviously i 'm talking about the modern interpretation of democracy . 
  yeah , it sucks here . 
  that 's why we 're rated as one of the best countries to live in , with those above us are scandinavian . 
  you do n't understand what democracy is . 
  saying that democracy is just to give everyone a vote is an oversimplified view of what democracy is . 
  do n't insult me just because you ca n't wrap your head around the fact that democracy is more than `` the majority decides '' . 
  that 's an extremely simple view of what democracy is . 
  let me put it simple for you . 
  democracy is not simple . 
  that 's not democracy . 
  there 's more to democracy than just give everyone one vote . 
  i do n't think that europeans are tiny , it 's more likely that americans are fat . 
  european women are different . 
  there are different kinds of people here . 
  turks are not the same as swedes or dutch . 
   americans are very busy people and do not have time to take 2 hour siesta 's like europeans . 
  nothing like a good ol' swedish siesta, 
  i do n't even get why . 
  it should 've been a red regardless if he hit him or not considering how he went in . 
  where can i watch it ? 
  it would n't be a eurovision without them !, 
  vote for sweden for a `` favorit i repris '' !, 
  hockey world championship is in stockholm atm , but not in friends arena so i 'm not really sure . 
  maybe because they did n't want stockholm to get packed and we have really few hotels here compared to other big cities . 
   tells his followers under what circumstances they must kill non believers as an order from god . 
  this is false aswell . 
  is it your job to spread lies about islam ? 
  they were in a war and the quran celebrates the killing of those who broke a peace treaty made between them and the , as the quran calls them , polytheists . 
  the quran even says that you should help the enemy ( polytheists ) if they seek protection and peace . 
  the quran even explicitly says that jews and christians who do good will go to heaven . 
  nothing clearly . 
  there are some that vaguely can be interpreted that way , but if you have the context of the verse and the whole book in mind , there are none . 
   terrorism and islam have a lot to do with each other . 
  the ideology of isis , al qaeda , boka haram etc. . . are rooted in koranic scripture and view their actions as direct commandments from god . 
  that 's just false . 
  there are very many verses in the quran which clearly states that what isis are doing is wrong . 
  idiots are idiots and weed does n't make anyone into an idiot . 
  no one is saying that the statistics lie . 
  the statistics are missleading and op showed why . 
  if you think that the statistics * are n't * missleading , why do n't you explain why they are n't ? 
  `` shut up fatty , no one cares about your opinion '' . 
  endless ? 
  when did i say that ? 
  you said that it 's not our resposibility at all . 
  i said that only a cunt would think that since west played a very big part in causing the problem in the first place . 
  read what i write and do n't make up shit i 've never said . 
  if you 're a cunt , sure . 
  arabs fighting arabs is our problem if we fucking caused it . 
  isis and al-qaeda would n't even exist if it was n't for west getting involved in middle eastern buissnes . 
  what you 're saying is basically that it 's okay to show up somewhere , light it on fire and then leave because you do n't live there . 
  west is n't behind everything bad that 's going on . 
  assad would for example exist without us . 
  isis would n't though and currently they 're the biggest reason why people are fleeing . 
  i did n't know i spoke for all of sweden . 
  i think that it 's hilarious when finns for example complain about refugees when they have taken so extremely few . 
  i have n't mentioned anything regarding immigration . 
  you said that the war has nothing to do with us which is as far from the truth as it gets . 
  you really should do some research , because it 's become quite obvious that you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  750 per year is nothing . 
  even if we did ? 
  jesus christ do some fucking research . 
  it 's not up for debate . 
  and your country has taken approximately 0 refugees . 
  because west certainly has nothing to do with the war in syria and iraq ... get your head out of your ass . 
  i confused you with someone with a hungarian flair , sorry . 
  it 's not relevant at all . 
  no one mentioned sweden before you did and i have never defended my goverment 's actions . 
  i 'm against governement spying aswell , but that 's not what we 're discussing . 
  if you ca n't stay on topic i wo n't waste any more time with you . 
  no it does n't . 
  we 're discussing switzerland , not sweden . 
  my face is my body . 
  if i want to hide my body , regardless what part , i should be able to since it belongs to me and no one else . 
  how the fuck is that relevant ? 
  why should i have to stand for my goverment 's actions ? 
  i did n't even fucking vote for them . 
  neither is the goverment .
