i dare to bet that it absolutely would n't be . 
  it would be better , clearly , but you 're massively overestimating the influence of saudi wahabbism . 
  this is horrific but lots of rapes happen every day in europe , this is clearly pushing an agenda . 
  shameful in my opinion . 
  she should n't meddle in the internal affairs of another country , and to come out against the right of the catalan people to self-determination is just plain wrong . 
  it 's unsurprising that it would happen in a country with such little democratic tradition as spain , but its disappointing for her to support it . 
  what baffles me is that after losing two elections he was allowed to stay on . 
  in britain it 's almost impossible to survive one failure without your party turning on you , two is impossible . 
  and now of course his party have crashed in the polls and catalonia 's trying to leave , the man clearly needs to go . 
  that is some george bush level stupidity . 
  apparently he 's going to get actively involved in the upcoming catalan elections . 
  majority for the independentistas coming right up . 
  usually called asturleon\u00e9s though . 
   to varying levels of competence find it hard to believe anyone who 's grown up in france in this day is n't perfectly comfortable speaking french . 
  80 % of people in catalonia speak catalan , but everyone bar a handful of ancient people in villages speak perfectly good spanish . 
  met a girl this summer who understands occitan as her grandparents speak it . 
  it ai n't dead yet , and basque is doing alright in france i think . 
  just generally makes europe look like a big mess . 
  eu 's reponse has been incompetent at best . 
  he has an estelada , the flag of catalan independence supporters , something podemos is against . 
  that asking for a referendum in catalonia is treason against the state says a lot about the spanish state . 
  el mundo slinging shit again . 
  well maybe he was wrong , because children being stupid and shit at spelling is surely a universal . 
  everyone tends to get english , but then i ca n't say i 've had much opportunity to ask . 
  when i play clips of portuguese to my fellow brits they tend to plump for russian . 
  i played a clip of catalan to my brothers , one thought it was italian , the others said spanish ( they were different clips to be fair ) . 
  i 'd be interested in what people thought mallorcan catalan is . 
  all slavic languages sound more or less the same to untrained ears . 
  because then and than do not sound the same in british accents . 
  only americans with low reading levels/people who do n't have english as a first language make this mistake . 
  my dad was a teacher for over 20 years and when i asked him about it , perplexed as i was after seeing it on reddit numerous times , he said he 'd never seen the mistake made . 
  in other accents then and than do not sound alike so this mistake is not found . 
  my parents have been teaching for several decades between them and they both said they 'd not seen this mistake in british schoolchildren . 
  rather than not rather then . 
  bit late now , but this peculiarly north american spelling error gets to me for some reason . 
  [ the flag in question . 
  ] ( http://www.antena3.com/clipping/2012/10/07/00166/30.jpg ) freedom of expression a la espa\u00f1ola , where being pro-independence is akin to terrorism . 
  they had 90 % in the parliament in favour of the new estatut and it was demolished in the spanish parliament and then in the politicised constitutional court . 
  in 2014 the consultation was supported by almost 70 % of the parliament . 
  spain would n't respect them even if they had 100 % of the parliament . 
  80 % of catalans want to vote . 
  the constitution does not prevent that , what prevents it is the anti-democratic spanish nationalism of spain 's ruling elites . 
  if no one recognises them then nothing changes . 
  oh good , the spanish trolls have arrived . 
  [ in the army they 're crying out for intervention in catalonia , says a former spanish solder . 
  ] ( http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/la-intervencio-de-catalunya-es-demana-a-crits-dins-lexercit-diu-un-ex-militar-espanyol/ ) do you doubt that the pp , if they thought they could get away with it , would interfere in catalonia using the army and the guardia civil to suspend catalonia 's government ? 
  ex-leaders like alejo vidal-quadras are already asking for it , and the pp and c 's in catalonia are calling the democratically elected catalan government ` colpistes ' - the word used for someone involved in a military coup . 
  it 's clear they 're trying to create an environment where such an intervention is seen as acceptable . 
  they 've said they 'll carry out the result regardless . 
  they 've been buildings state institutions such as a tax-collecting agency . 
  the law which permits the referendum creates a catalan legal framework , and is written so that if they vote yes it will come fully into effect , and will for all intents and purposes be a unilateral declaration of independence . 
  spain has an enormous debt and catalonia is 19 % of their economy , paying more than 20 % of taxes - despite being 16 % of the population and receiving less than 10 % of the state 's investments . 
  they will be forced to the negotiating table by the economic ruin they 'd face if the catalan republic does n't take on some of the kingdom of spain 's debt . 
  using force against their own population is not an option in a modern democracy and eu member , as much as they 'd love to . 
  i 'm talking about tertulias and things like that , the fact that mas appears on screen is utterly irrelevant . 
  i have n't used subjective arguments , i 've referenced what professional linguists say about the situation and given facts about the economic case ( there is n't a single economist who will say that catalonia is n't economically viable ) , you 've just said ` that 's extremist nonsense ' because it 's not something you hear and it contradicts what you believe in . 
  spanish language article here : http://ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2017/04/05/catalunya/1491380032_511385.html the cup , a far-left pro-independence party which holds the balance of power in the parliament , has been pressuring the government to announce the question and date of the referendum catalonia is holding this year . 
  their proposal is ` do you want catalonia to become an independent republic . ', 
  campaigns for the yes side have already begun . 
  http://www.larepublicaquefarem.cat/ http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20170321/421064524635/pdecat-campana-si-referendum-acto-homenaje-9n.html http://democrates.cat/index.php/democrates-pel-si/ there is currently no ` no ' campaign as the parties which are against independence contest the legitimacy of the referendum and will likely end up calling for abstention . 
  [ the most recent poll shows that over 70 % will go to vote in a unilateral referendum and over 60 % will vote for independence . 
  ] ( http://www.resumenlatinoamericano.org/2017/03/31/catalunya-el-referendum-unilateral-tendria-una-altisima-participacion-y-el-si-ganaria-con-un-66/ ), 
   of course media coverage of a regionalist nationalism is small in statal press not the point i was making . 
  the point was who they give a voice to when they do discuss the catalan question . 
  the spanish media and press do no give a voice to the pro-independence side , which leads to disinformation ( even within catalonia 80 % of people , when they get their news from the tv , get it from spanish stations , and readers of pro-indie papers are a fairly small majority - but of course , they 've all been indoctrinated ) . 
   catalan is an official language in catalonia , catalonia have press and television in catalan the same can be said for welsh or irish , these are meaningless for determining the vitality of a language or its ability to survive . 
  you accuse me of lying . 
  i challenge you to present me with one lie i 've said . 
  you dismiss any opinion you do n't like with no evidence against it as ` extremist ' or claim i 'm ` living in a fantasy world ' . 
  again , are linguists who warn about the precarious position of the catalan langage and a need for a complete change in the situation extremists ? 
  is juan carlos moreno cabrera , a lifelong madrile\u00f1o who does n't even speak catalan , a catalan extremist ? 
  as for the treatment catalonia receives , it only gets back half of the taxes it pays to madrid . 
  it receives less than 10 % of investment in infrastructure despite being 16 % of the population , and the spanish government consistently fails to keep its promises . 
  this is beyond inter-regional solidarity , catalonia is not a land full of factory owners , it needs that money . 
  15 billion a year is a hefty membership fee for a country where your language is attacked and scorned , your economy neglected and your democratic aspirations labelled as fascist . 
  catalonia staying in this abusive relationship is bad for catalonia and its bad for spain . 
  an independent catalonia would come to have a cordial relationship with spain , just as portugal does . 
  yeah , great response . 
  i suppose it 's too much to ask for people to actually have an open mind and respond to facts presented by experts , especially when it 's something as deeply entrenched as spanish nationalism . 
  just carry on saying that catalan nationalism is bad and that tv3 indoctrinates . 
  in reality , tv3 gives equal voice to spanish nationalists ( or unionists as some call them ) and catalan nationalists , whereas in the spanish media the split is 98/2 . 
  not my perception , political scientists have done studies on this . 
  on the linguistic question , nationalist leaders consistently say that spanish will be official in a republic , thus signing their language 's death warrant . 
  the fact that spanish linguistic nationalism seeks to and does destroy languages in their natural territories ; it is imperialism , pure and simple . 
  catalan ` linguistic nationalism ' simply seeks to defend a minority , subordinated culture on the way to extinction ( native speakers currently at 31 % in catalonia , less than 30 % and linguists consider a language to be in the disappearance phase ) , and recover its historic position as the language of catalonia ( and valencia , baleares , the franja de ponent etc. 
  ofc ) . 
  if spanish ceases to be the lingua franca ( ` la lengua com\u00fan , la lengua de todos ' ) in catalan speaking territories , and catalan is recuperated as the lingua franca , the unmarked language , the language of social integration , - and very long-term even ceases to spoken altogether - it does n't matter , there will be still be hundreds of millions of speakers of spanish . 
  just as the death of spanish in gibraltar ( currently happening ) does n't matter . 
  it 's one town , it does n't effect the health of the language as a whole . 
  if and when catalan dies out ( more or less a certainty outside of catalonia within a few generations , and a certainty mid-to-long-term if catalonia fails to reach independence ) , that 's it , it 's gone . 
  there is no other place where it 's spoken . 
   i ca n't talk with when you ca n't see the statment `` bilingualism in catalonia is antinatural and an imposition '' is fucking crazy and paranoid . 
  this is a statement of fact . 
  castilian has been imposed , and that is why it is the main spoken language in catalonia . 
  the linguistic situation catalonia is in is absolutely unnatural . 
  societal bilinguism is not an end ( and btw it 's an uneven bilingualism at that , as there is an important population of spanish monolinguals ) , it is a step in the death of a language . 
  two languages will not continue to exist in the same territory indefinitely ; one will end up killing the other . 
  these people are professionals , they study linguistics for a living . 
  i repeat , among them are people who are n't catalans , much less nationalists , like mr moreno cabrera , who teaches at the uam in madrid . 
  they know more about this than you do , have a bit of respect .
