yep , you are correct . 
  thats why hungary is doing the aplication process on borders . 
  they builded fence and only through checkpoints , you can apply for assylum . 
  since imigrants dont need asylum , but money , they avoid hungary a go to germany . 
  well , even if they fail in request for asylum elswhere , they can try it again in germany . 
  ye , depends what you call socialist . 
  from my point of view , it is . 
  1 ) refugees want to be saved by rich countries like germany or sweden , they run away to not receive asylum in hungary . 
  hungary can not catch all of them and force them to apply for asylum . 
  and there is no punishment for asylum seekers , which break the agreement , that they register in first eu country . 
  they dont give a fuck about rules in eu . 
  2 ) even if they register them , they have no right to hold them in hungary more than 30 days . 
  it is partly due to political mindset of hungary government . 
  i suppose . 
  they just dont want any illegal migrants in hungary . 
  what they are doing , is the only correct thing . 
  they stop all immigrants , register them and let them fill request for asylum . 
  of course , immigrants dont want to apply for asylum , because they would have not as much money as in germany , so they need to bypass hungary or cross it , but run from police . 
  and hungary knows , that immigrants want to be saved by rich country , not poor . 
  i think they do . 
  europe is lead mainly by socialist , and all of the migrants are new voters of socialist . 
  and cheap working force for jobs we don \u00b4 t want to do . 
  basically , hungary is the only nation respecting the law . 
  others don \u00b4 t give a shit . 
  if they let them pass without any document and control , they break the law . 
  normally , they should defend the borders . 
  and , if they just pass all migrants to austria , you will see how soon austria will freak out and close the borders . 
  well , i worked in automotive industry , and you would be surprised , what things people never find out . 
  i spend 2 weeks in israel , this summer , and it was awesome . 
  jerusalem is specific , but in tel aviv , when i mentioned that i am from czech republic , everyone was so kind to me , incredible . 
  we like to think of ourself as central europe . 
  but usually , people divide europe to east and west , so we are marked as eastern , even though we don \u00b4 t feel like that and even geographically , it does \u00b4 n make much sense . 
  plus , you are right with numbers before/after wwii . 
  just dont forget , that we are one of the biggest allies of israel , so jewish people really like to be here and we like them here . 
  don \u00b4 t you have some link to this story , you mentioned ? 
  thx, 
  thats not really true . 
  if you count czech republic as eastern europe , than we have quite strong jew community in prague . 
  it is linked to our history . 
  if you look on the data from switzerland for example , only 12,5 % is working , so work approval is not really an issue for them . 
  haha , i can \u00b4 t wait for the moment , when some migrants will be moved to czech republic , bulgaria or whatever country different than germany and sweden  ) ) they will be pissed on mama merkel and they will rush in germany once again , cause we have no borders in eu and as we can see now , migrants don \u00b4 t have to respect any laws or rules . 
  thank you very much for the info !, 
  oh come on , you really believe , they will sort them out , and eventually deport back ? 
  maybe you missed it , but even those , who got refused as refugees , just stay in europe , because no one is moving them anywhere ... 
  i am really looking forward to see the poor ones , which will be chosen to live in czech republic . 
  germans will have them back in 24hours , if they dont watch borders . 
  well , once you pass the borders of european union and you run from police , to not be registered as a refugee , because you want to be registered in some wealthier country , then you really are not a real refugee , just scumbag . 
  well , the definition is here , but it is not respected , 
  may i ask you i which field you were working ? 
  i am generally interested in expat work in middle east ( maybe not now , with the situation there ) and i would be interested in your story , how you got there etc. 
  i am working in train industry and was working in automotive before . 
  my only theory is , that if you look at demographic structure of german population , the are really in deep shit , regarding working class , especially young working class . 
  maybe , the reasoning behind this behavior is just political . 
  thanks for info !, 
   i never really liked the area and last time i spoke with my french friends , they really discouraged me from getting accomodation anywhere near saint denis ... 
  well , maybe now i won \u00b4 t have to explain , why saint denis is not a good place to visit ... 
  as far as i didn \u00b4 t like sobotka after the election , he is doing ok , during this crisis . 
  my expectations were much lower . 
  i should have clarified , that i was talking mainly about middle east immigrants . 
  with africa , i don \u00b4 t think the results will be much different , because ( as you can already see in france ) they can find jobs in africa , but in europe , they are pretty much unemployable , due to language barriers , different working enviroment and due to education from africa not being recognized in europe . 
  exactly . 
  plus , the education level seems to be really poor . 
  at least from what i have seen so far . 
  unfortunatelly , we are not so classy . 
  wish i could be british and sip my tea right now ... 
  thank you !, 
  i just started to read some books on old greece and rome empire ( why i didn \u00b4 t listen in school ? 
  ) , so this will be usefull !, 
  well that 's already the case , we are sucking funds from eu for bullshit projects that would never happen with normal funding . 
  but as long as they pay we have to take everything , before they realize it , 
  well it 's kinda too late for france i would say, 
  because eu wants to control as much money and power as possible , and this is against it ... 
  and hopefully they will, 
  well no one should force them in the first place, 
  ye , and that 's where our opinions differ , cause i consider less taxes for everyone good . 
  there is no institution as bad at managing money , as eu and governments . 
  causing harm ??? 
  what is blocking any other country to reduce taxes as well ? 
  well then they should say fuck you and do what they want , they are free country in free world, 
  how can you call someone stupid , while not even understanding trumps tweet ?? 
  that 's absolutely true , but imo , it was just pr move , because the baggage that hollande has , is ridiculous . 
  i do n't think france had a good choice in the run off . 
  and le pens best voter base are young people , so the increase cam be really expected . 
  he is clearly new hollande , any french political analyst will tell you this . 
  what no one understands is , why hollande had 4 % in polls and member of is own cabinet actually won . 
  what the actual fuck , collecting taxes on european level ? 
  why they need the urge to push more countries to exit eu ? 
  was brexit not sufficient as a warning ?? 
  lol , macron with that white power gesture , 
  france . 
  but probably some smaller city , as i do think really feel good in paris , should i stay there for a long time . 
  maybe le mans or angers would be fine . 
  well , mostly because in the past , we helped them when they needed it the most , and we supplied them with weapons , as the only country from europe . 
  over the time , we developed good relationship , also because we have a lot of jewish history in prague . 
  and there are almost no arabs here , so they feel safe . 
  we have jewish jokes , but we love them , and consider israel one of our best allies in whole world . 
  this is sad to read, 
  and just behind prague , i would say krakow , vienna and dresden . 
  prague . 
  old city , great atmosphere , great bars , pubs and restaurants , and it is cheap for tourists .
