  all those things related to modern christmas have nothing to do with the church or religion anyway . 
  like this ? 
  that 's awesome , also a tiny bit sad , but mostly awesome, 
  was n't normandy liberated in 1944 already ? 
  yeah and my grandfather smokes and he is 91 , so smoking is n't bad for you, 
  really ? 
  ok , thanks, 
  yes , chris kamara . 
  strange but funny guy, 
  she looks happy enough, 
  no volume up or volume down button . 
  no just 1 button , volume, 
  would n't that be a ` mute ' button ? 
  why does it matter if the guy was a muslim or not , why do the hell would someone care ? 
  til , canadian coins do n't have number on the tails side to show what coin it is . 
  the euro has numbers on it , 10 c 20 c. etc. 
  that 's why tails side is the front side, 
  where i live it is quite normal to find 1 or to 2 sitting infront of the supermarked . 
  dont ` see anything wrong with it, 
  i think his neck is broken , you have that checked out, 
  this kind of thoughts can get you on a no-fly list , better keep them to yourself, 
  let him walk instead of flying , may he loses some weight that way, 
  after 4000 of the same posts , russia still does n't celebrate thanksgiving, 
  the circle of life, 
  is it normal in the us to have those warnings on products ? 
  i 'm in the netherlands and we do n't warnings on our products , only about allergies but that 's it . 
  there are warning on sigarets though, 
  it looks like he is thinking the same thing himself, 
  look at what you have become america , ** look at it !!, 
  agree , why would i want a pic of myself ? , i know what i look like . 
  i want pics of other things . 
  you need to water the grass a bit more mate, 
  hmm a drone , screwdriver , a suspicious looking fluid . 
  what business a you running there ? 
  a dog does n't think people bark . 
  they are n't smart enough to think , : ' person is talking , a way of communicating so its sort of the same way we bark . ', 
  they hear just noise , like a car makes noise or a bird . 
  arkansas was named for the french plural of a native american tribe , while kansas is the english spelling of a similar one . 
  since the letter `` s '' at the end of french words is usually silent , we pronounce `` arkansaw . '', 
  looking at these pictures , makes me wish my cat was young and small again . 
  make sure you enjoy it , they grow up sooner than you know, 
  no ofcourse not . 
  not because they are brown . 
  but they did have multiple guns , special gear and were with atleast two people . 
  so it is a planned attack, 
  that name was heard on the police scanner . 
  i read it here on reddit atleast 7 hours ago, 
  nah , ca n't see them allowing a closed cockpit . 
  then whats the difference with le mans lmp cars ? 
  shooting while driving a motorcycle through a residential zone . 
  tried it with a rook once , took me two days but finally figured out how . 
  i felt really satisfied afterwards, 
  damn , how can those guys think that 's a even good idea, 
  still boring , sorry, 
  rule : `` junk comments distract from this subreddit a lot more than in other subreddits that are not based on original content . 
  comments that are cliche , text-only , not an original work , memes , reaction gifs , upvote gifs , or off topic are subject to removal by the moderators without notification '', 
  no not really . 
  every episode of family guy i laugh atleast once . 
  but i 'm no american , so i do n't get half of the jokes , but i still laugh . 
  no do n't believe in any paranormal stuff or ghosts or any afterlife . 
  if you 're dead , you 're dead . 
  i do think there might be aliens , but they never visited earth and probably never will . 
  haha , maybe but i can start believing in something just for the sake of being funny, 
  hey hairy , is this you ? 
  second time you mean . 
  in ww1 the contribution of , france and britain , was overall infinitly bigger and costlier in lives and material, 
  all things flora appreciates the gesture . 
  can confirm , i know a houseplant, 
  man uses manchete to slash another man 's throat . 
  screams : `` this is for syria '' , then gets teaserd by police . 
  all in a london tube station, 
  you act like troubles with arabs in the uk just started, 
  no but we have muslims too, 
  no not true mate, 
  pros : you will meet many beautiful stewardesses . 
  cons : you will probably be gay . 
  the alcohol keeps the muslims away , like garlic for vampires, 
  since we have constant wars and i think almost 7 billion people . 
  i say , it does not work, 
  no , but * they * did, 
  best subreddit ever, 
  yes but no, 
  it a shirt of tranmere rovers football club, 
  they 're thinking about making money of course . 
  this india btw , one of the largest growing economies in the world, 
  no , no pc here mate . 
  just making a point that india is in growing mood and its all about making money there , like selling those confederate flag thingies, 
  if you looking for something which is n't really legal , like pirated stuff , its more likely to be on page 2 or 3, 
  it is just a scratch, 
  yeah , they do things * differently * in asia, 
  there is probably an even bigger spider sitting on the roof, 
  or tossed into the bin when i 'm done with them ^ / s, 
  they may have had malaria though, 
  kimmelman is , himmelman is n't, 
  gay fish, 
  bit off topic , but the october festen in germany are taking place mostly in september, 
  aruba and curacao are not dutch . 
  they are part of the united kingdom of the netherlands . 
  own goverment , own rules etc. 
  because we are stupid ?
