  maybe a weird question , but where are her nipples ? 
  except the ones in ethiopia ofcourse, 
  well , at least they do n't put you in a detention camp on some island, 
  i did , but i just do n't think australians should complain about bad treatment when entering another country atm . 
  you put people in camps and she got questioned for a few hours and then cries about it . 
  ofcourse not , but it happened in one part in one city , the whole of the us is n't shithole just because something happened in chicago ? 
  after the war there was too much work for too few people , it had nothing to do with not willing to do the work . 
  before the latest terror attacks , some 800.000 per year . 
  it dropped since then . 
  also a lot of them are dutch turks ofcourse, 
  no the vvd ( ruling party ) is quite tough on islamisation . 
  same with the christian demograts . 
  not far of wilders , but without the banning of the koran and headscarf and harsh rhetoric, 
  i would say so , the right wing parties got more votes then the left, 
  no you do n't , not that guy, 
  well , neither are you, 
  in berlin the original truck driver was shot and still in the truck, 
  crimes , alot . 
  terrorist attacks , not so much, 
  i do n't think they want to create fear or want anything else with these attacks , other then just kill as many westerners as possible . 
  these terrorists are not part of a big organisation with big plans . 
  they are angry young men who hate the world . 
  is n't it on netflix in america ? 
  here in the netherlands it is . 
  not just right of the center . 
  they hate everyone who is not as leftist as them . 
  even bernie is a capitalist pig to them, 
  not yet anyway, 
  it is on the 4th of may , from 8:00 pm to 8:02 pm . 
  since 1945 . 
  everykne knows when its is , so he propably just looked at his watch . 
  yes and dutch victims of war since , like korea , indonesia etc. 
  thats just what our roads are , do n't why the rest of the worlds are n't, 
  one day golden lenin will rise up and roam the world once again, 
  not without plastic surgery, 
  france also has a border with the netherlands, 
  the island of saint-martinique and sint maarten, 
  in was on the news in the netherlands , it got quite alot of attention during the day . 
  about the secret recordings and corruption etc. 
  nope , already started, 
  she has a weird ` glow ' around here, 
  some tickets go to the sponsors , some to the uefa , some to more sponsors , local people from stockholm and ofcourse some sponsors . 
  and a few to the clubs, 
  ajax is in the champions league anyhow , manu can get extra spot in the cl if they win however, 
  they are n't refs , they pick out a supporter , give them a yellow shirt and ask him to stand there for the next 90 minutes, 
  these are the wives and husband of the leaders and pm rutte is single, 
  not in the netherlands, 
  dune 2 , first game i had with ` speech ' . 
  totally impressed at the time, 
  germany is doing ok , but they are not the fastest growing european economy, 
  2015 https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/05/ireland-fastest-growing-eu-economy, 
  2016 https://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/ireland-to-be-eu-s-fastest-growing-economy-in-2016-1.2633205?mode=amp, 
  and you still have n't answered the question , what was it you did n't like about his comment history ? 
  since when does spain has a president ? 
  trump heard that people made fun of him today about the cofeve thing and probably thought : `` quick , cancel the paris agreement and make them to talk about that ! '', 
  as a non american i find it very strange to hear people applaud during a governmental announcement , are the journalists applauding ? 
  ofcourse it is , it is about making money in stead of saving the environment . 
  i do n't care who your president is because i live in the netherlands . 
  i care about the environment , do you think we get money out of this ? 
  it will cost us just as much as the us . 
  we all have to pay and make sacrifices . 
  europe is n't trying to make the us weak through this agreement , we were n't laughing at you , unlike your pres. 
  says, 
  just like the left used to be against the church in the 70s and 80s , atleast in my country ( netherlands ), 
  the police said the incidents at the bridge and market were terrorist attacks and vauxhall was not related , so that one was something else . 
  probably a fight like what happens dozen of times in the weekend in britain, 
  indeed , standard police officers do n't carry guns , but there are different units which do, 
  ohio i think, 
  you can keep a close eye all you want but without taking action , you wo n't stop this, 
  neither is sweden , but still . . 
  that was and is also terrible . 
  but you are saying it is ok for them to treat gays and women like that because britain did it 40 years ago ? 
  a few women jumping in together could get a man down, 
  deventer was part of the bishop of utrecht , which colours are red and white and deventer was an imperial city and was named as such in 1386 . 
  the eagle on flag and coat of arms is probably the imperial holy roman eagle . 
   the raid on the medway during the second anglo-dutch war in june 1667 , sometimes called the battle of the medway , raid on chatham or the battle of chatham , was a successfule and daring attack conducted by the dutch navy deep upriver targeting the largest english naval battleships at a time when most were virtually unmanned and unarmed , laid up due to lack of funding in the fleet anchorages off chatham dockyard and gillingham in the county of kent . 
  just as russia . 
  it spans half the globe , is more diverse than america and it is still one nation, 
  really ? 
  i find taking a shit a lot easier after a cup of coffee, 
  bert van marwijk , coach of the team should resign and get out of there . 
  who wants to work for such a fa, 
  a lot of attacks are [ prevented ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-39176110 ) by the police and agencies, 
  maybe , hard to tell if these last attacks would have been foiled or not, 
  have a pm , ministers etc. . 
  but if your party does not have the majority seats , then everything you want to do as a government will be voted down by the opposition and they can call for new elections when they want, 
  hey , fighting with the police is something we do in europe alot . 
  you do n't have be antifa, 
  she has a form of spasmodic dysphonia, 
  maybe if it was in the us , but not in germany, 
  i live in the country west of germany , but it is being reported in germany . 
  i do not know the law in germany , but in the netherlands those toy guns are ilegal because they look like the real thing . 
  all he wanted was to film a single tree . 
  stupid animals keep walking in front of the camera . 
  no it 's medieval 3 * / s *, 
  that 's correct , unfortunately, 
  you have to tip your barber in america ? 
  also $ 13 for a haircut ? 
  i think i need to move to the states, 
  i liked that in the first book , not knowing what was going on .
