  you can ask the same question about iran , is n't iran a enemy of isis ? 
  400.000 is like one bar of gold . 
  it was a business man who exported 1 bar , not israel, 
  i laughed as well and i feel great, 
  there is something wrong with her hands too, 
  aaaand its gone . 
  this was posted before . 
  it was a basejumper with a weird kind of humor . 
  in other words , he did n't fall to his death . 
  the video stops just before he opens his parachute, 
  why not , its it that dangerous in the us ? 
   | note that there is a large decrease in reported abortions between 1997 and 1998 . 
  this is because cdc reduced its reporting area from 52 reporting areas in 1997 to 47 reporting areas in 1998 . 
  the actual decline from 1997 to 1998 in those 47 reporting areas was only 2 % . 
  team fortress 2 , same style as bf heroes and it is ftp . 
  populous : the beginning ? 
  do n't mention the name , by doing so you postpone the release by another half year . 
  yes, 
  went to bed last night , woke up this morning . 
  never knew it was down . 
  would you not hit the guy on the ground too ? 
  ha nice one , but are n't those 2 not too old too be students ? 
  if she 's doing the dishes while she is there , i would n't make a big deal off it . 
  took me a while to understand the title, 
  drunk bastards fighting over holdens and fords . 
  i think dad is a retired sailor, 
  and he is wearing sandals, 
  what , per day or week ? 
  swedish girl meets her doppelganger in ireland . 
  the anachronistic use of `` ye olde '' dates at least to the late 18th century . 
  the use of the term `` ye '' to mean `` the '' is based in early modern english , in which the could be written as \u00fee , employing the old english letter thorn , \u00fe . 
  during the tudor period , the scribal abbreviation for \u00fee was ( or '' \u00fee '' with modern symbols ) ; here , the letter \u00fe is combined with the letter e. because \u00fe and y look near-identical in medieval english blackletter ( as the \u00fe in compared with the y in ye ) , the two have since been mistakenly substituted for each other . 
  the connection became less obvious after the letter thorn was discontinued in favour of the digraph th . 
  today , ye is often incorrectly pronounced as the archaic pronoun of the same spelling . 
  like your work mate ( \u30c4 ), 
  you do n't have to like every kind of art . 
  i like paintings , do n't care for haiku 's, 
  probably done by this [ guy ] ( http://imgur.com/ucfzvsc ), 
  nice painting , but somehow that shadow does n't seem correct, 
  who says it is a fail, 
  no charles manson was n't a bearded frenchman couch-surfing while following a phish tour . 
  it looks like a wookie, 
  me smash man face ... grrr, 
  let 's hope he does n't ~ ~ get murdered ~ ~ commit suicide too . 
  real president material that guy, 
  max power, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/homer_to_the_max homer, 
  could you as an american explain to me , a dutch person , why this is called `` double dutch '' ? 
  this was posted in r/reversegif 3 weeks ago, 
  yep , that 's how it goes, 
  fake , but funny, 
  do n't want to be the guy who has clean that shit, 
  this be anna sloan , scottish curling women 's team, 
  i like anna , eve too , but the russian ladies were something else, 
  you can , just not as a white male, 
  stupid duckfaced attention whores ? 
  ( except thst little one , she ' cute ), 
  in his defence , everything is nsfw by default here, 
  you can learn about current trends and recruitment techniques ... , nice, 
  dutch , h = heer ( lord ) . 
  i thank god everyday that i do n't live in australia . 
  it is not supposed to habired by humans . 
  just things with holes , like swiss cheese, 
  yes they are really good at these things in communist countries ... oh wait . . 
  6000 years ? 
  so it is burning since the beginning ? 
  someone is shadow banned, 
  unless he wears that box everyday , he is pretty much unrecognisable . 
  none whatsoever, 
  i 'm no freud , but it has probably something to do with the oedipus complex , as it almost the answer for all questions, 
  the sa dagger . 
  the sturmabteilung , abbreviated sa ( usually translated as `` stormtrooper '' ) , functioned as a paramilitary organization of the nazi party . 
  it played a key role in adolf hitler 's rise to power in the 1920s and 1930s . 
  the sa dagger represents one of the most interesting blades to collect . 
  this is due to the fact that the daggers were produced in the millions since 1933 to the end of the war . 
  during its life span , more than 100 manufacturers were known to produce the dagger . 
  in addition , not all manufacturer 's produced the entire dagger , some simply bought parts from other factories and followed through the steps of assembly . 
  the assembling company would obtain plain blades and place their logo on them . 
  all blades are inscribed with the phrase `` alles fur deutschland '' . 
  yes actually i did , but got some other stuff which was okay too, 
  just cause is a good game if you just want to play for a while and have some fun . 
  fo4 is more fun if you want to play for longer periods . 
  no , a hitler jugend knife is a different one, 
  dude , you are in the wrong sub, 
  r/imgoingtohellforthis -----  that way, 
  brake fluid ? 
  exactly ... * i think he meant socks *, 
  she does look like her , does n't she ? 
  2 murders per year with a pop . 
  of 18.000 is called quite ? 
  got it , thanks, 
  i think i recognize her , but i 'm not really sure, 
  manier : dmv . 
  weird looking building at the back , looks like a big mushroom, 
  . . while fighting a bear single handedly, 
  looks like you are in handcuffs , so you are not going anywhere anyway / s, 
  nice pic btw . 
  til about something about sikhism, 
  thank you for that . 
  62 miles = 100 kilometers-ish,
