  a `` gladio style '' operation would not involve people blowing them self up or shoot up a concert hall . 
  the attacks gladio teams supposed to have caried out were car bombs and such . 
  ca n't these people see the consequences of their actions ? 
  or do they live only one day at the time . 
  imagine him sitting at 80 in an old peoples home with a goddamn spider on his face . 
  that would cost money , not giving a shit about the future is free, 
  if they were european tits , they would be topless, 
  the chicken seems to enjoy it, 
  it is a part of the fun , not knowing what you are going to see, 
   brouwer has been intensively involved in the discussion about the introduction of the grass pass , which in his opinion is legally untenable . 
  he has published on drug nuisance and the administrative-legal response to that nuisance since 1996 . 
  according to brouwer , regulated cannabis production , which many mayors of big cities are in favour of in order to prevent nuisance and crime , is legally possible . 
  running the directx installer is not a matter of making sure your overall directx install being up-to-date . 
  microsoft has a helper library with d3d called d3dx . 
  you 'll find binaries for this like d3dx9_43 . dll in your windows \\ system32 folder . 
  there are over 40 different versions of the d3dx library for d3d9 alone , and many more for d3d10 and 11 as well . 
  each game that uses the d3dx helper library is linked to a specific version . 
  as such the game must run the correct d3d installer version that it was specifically compiled with to ensure the binaries exist . 
  no i 'm not ... * i think * ,, 
  how does this remind you of irobot though ? 
  you do n't . 
  it 's a burden you will have to carry your whole life and on top of that , you will have to explain yourself at the pearly gates ... or comfort yourself with the idea that it was just a fucking frog, 
  not a real satisfying answer i guess , but i never had any lessons . 
  it is more trial and error . 
  1 day i went to the local art store and bought some good quality paper and pencils and started drawing . 
  just single trees and plants i see outside my window . 
  i bought books about drawing techniques , books like [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-complete-book-drawing-techniques/dp/0572029160 ) , that really helped making a drawing which was okay to one that was rather good . 
  i did watch some youtube videos for specific things , like how to draw clouds etc , but mostly reading the books and practicing alot . 
  nr 82 looks really weird, 
  amazing how he can get the different colours from 1 ballpoint pen . 
  how does he do that ? 
  as far as i know , the government of yemen is backed by the saudis and the houthi rebels by iran . 
  the government loyalists are in the south and the houthi 's are in the north , they are loyal to the former president . 
  then there are is and al-qaida . 
  a map of the netherlands . 
  not complete though , is the other half on the other shoe ? 
  some of them are but a lot of pegida demonstrators are not , especially at the first demonstrations in dresden, 
  these messages are not for the muslims but for the non-muslims in the uk . 
  just like that song released in china a few weeks ago to recruit chinese muslims . 
  the song was in mandarin although the muslim minority does n't speak mandarin . 
  it is meant to scare the local population, 
  why is obama always a bit greyish in south park while others are colored black or brown ? 
  you can save posts so you can look at them later on, 
  they do n't seek asylum in france , they want to go to england . 
  so there are no cases to resolve . 
  they are there illegally , hoping for a way across the channel and ask for asylum there, 
  no it 's shit , lots and lots of shit, 
  otteevee , wtf is otteevee ? 
  in my country ( netherlands ) it is definitely the left wing parties who are pro-muslim , refugees . 
  the migrants usually vote for left wing parties . 
  although she has written some controversial articles , i think this one is fake . 
  8000 incidenten , ong . 
  not everyone is a retard, 
  that is weird . 
  the defence minister of the netherlands just said the same thing today . 
  maybe they need all the soldiers they can for a war that is already in the making, 
  i think that is sort of a woman ,, 
  the renaissance was completely the opposite of the church , it was about science , art , philosophy , about humanism . 
  and the oldest university ( bologna ) is oldest continuously operating institution independent of kings , emperors or any kind of direct religious authority, 
  this is published on rt on the same day that turkey accuses russia of planning to invade syria . 
  looks like russia is a searching for an excuse for it if you want to believe the turks . 
  you are right . 
  i heard it on the news today and got the 2 mixed up, 
  there seems to be quite a few refugees wanting to return . 
  not sure how big the numbers are though, 
  again ? , just a different title then yesterdays post, 
  they can because it is not a real picture, 
  he got gold for it too / s, 
  indeed , no problem at all . 
  it is just an ad ,, 
  irish gang stuff, 
  no do n't think so , but the ` right ' does n't exists anymore . 
  now its only ` left ' or ` far/extreme right ' . 
  nothing in between it seems, 
  it is not about the kids being stupid , it is about kids not learning what kinds of food they eat anymore, 
  he will be missed here in the netherlands too, 
  you are friends with liu yunsheng ? 
  there are also some spelling errors, 
  i know it is not supposed to get wot , but i do n't know how to keep it dray, 
   germany tops our list of one of the most capitalist countries in the world . 
  capitalism in germany is found in its institutions such as banking and educational systems . 
  german industries have prospered because the country has made it a priority to train its labor force to succeed in various industries . 
  these various systems have worked together to make a robust capitalistic market for the country, 
  infused detox water, 
  do n't know , but this is so old , she probably died from old age by now, 
  the books are really good too , especially the first one, 
  where i 'm from we do n't even wear helmets , let alone cameras ( the netherlands ), 
  well most of the time bicycles and cars are kept separate in different lanes, 
  easy target for enemy snipers . 
  just shoot the guy with the tallest hat '', 
   the oklahoma store owner 's attorney , robert muise , says fatihah was denied service because he was belligerent , not because of his religion . 
  but there was a ' muslim free ' sign, 
  more countries have bases around the world , but not in the us . 
  why would they ? 
  there is no need for a base in the us . 
  you want a base to train ( former colonies ) or close to a potential threat, 
  that is why my post said more countries , not most, 
  he will be listing more , so keep us updated . 
  ** asian ** woman, 
  no wai,
