in the old days there were n't really rules how to spell , some wrote armour , others armor . 
  but when britain standerized the spelling , they used the works of `` samuel johnson 's a dictionary of the english language '' , while the americans used `` noah webster , an american dictionary of the english language '' . 
  because they all have the same condition , they have an extra 21e chromosome . 
  `` normale '' people have 2 , they have 3 . 
  and that third chromosome makes that they may have certain common characteristics, 
  i never understood why we do n't use the same technology as we do to open our cars . 
  when you have your hands full , just click and the front door opens, 
  yeah , nothing weird about that, 
  if you are lucky enough to die in your sleep , then yes . 
  if got hit by a car or something , then probably not, 
  sometimes when you see a writer for the first time , he does n't fit the picture you had in your mind . 
  but love lovecraft looks creepy enough . 
  the same reason why it does n't drop to the floor when you exhale . 
  its less dense then air so it goes up and it does n't get thrown back in the car when you accelerate, 
  we have those things in the netherlands , pubs on wheels . 
  but there is talk about banning them , because its unsafe and the trail of puke they leave behind, 
  until some country claims pluto and you are n't able to view the pics while abroad, 
  weird that the car is nowhere to be seen afterwards , funny, 
  dogs have only 20 % of the cone photoreceptor cells that we have . 
  thats the part of the eye that controls the perception of colour . 
  so they ca n't see many differences between colours . 
  when doing behaverial test you can test what colours or shades of colour dogs see . 
  they ca n't really see red , its more brown to them , and probably ignore red objects in the dark . 
  i was n't raised as a vegan , no one i knew was a vegan . 
  i never thought about being a vegan . 
  so i ate meat . 
  now its to late to change my behavior , i like meat too much, 
  maybe they want to meet like minded people , or avoid weird situations when their date orders a gaint steak on their first date . 
  or maybe they a just douchebags who think their way of life is the best way and everone should follow, 
  those wooden blocks spell is though . 
  dont really know what fo4 is telling you . 
  picture the cameraman standing there all day hoping someone to drive into the hole . 
  `` here comes one ... ah he drives around the hole . 
  wait there comes another one '', 
  by sleeping unprotected with half of hollywood i guess, 
  haha ' he is lovin ' it, 
  looks like a stag beetle, 
  that is cl\u00e9sio moreira dos santos , a brazilian football referee, 
  because sports cars have to be exclusive . 
  fast , dangerous and expensive . 
  everyone wants a ferrari because they are exclusive . 
  why would you want a bright red sportscar if you see 20 of the same cars . 
  normal family cars are build for comfort and every day use , not for speed . 
  the mazda mx5 is a nice cheap sports car, 
  normally you would use a parachute , but it is possible, 
  in the netherlands , the liberals are `` right wing '' , small goverment , less taxes etc. 
  i do n't know if every country in europe is the same, 
  it is annoying to see a post was edited but not knowing why, 
  you do n't need a parachute , just lots and lots of boxes . 
  i do n't get it , what am i looking at ? 
  try / r/neopets there are lots of neopians, 
  not more or less then any other polician tbh . 
  its even beter when you wake up confused and not sure if you have to get up or not . 
  the moment you realize you do n't feels great, 
  the inside layer of the bag is metal foil . 
  it is there to keep the moist and air out . 
  that way the food stays fresh, 
  nice touch at the end there, 
  media said 2 had been killed , one woman by su\u00efcide and 1 person shot by a sniper, 
  always liked schnapps as cats name, 
  my cat does that against the windows at night sometimes , extremely annoying, 
  so you slept in your parents bed , went to an all boys school and never had a girl friend untill moving out at 18 ? 
  you mastrubaded very silently while laying in bed with your parents ? 
  seems like a very stable upbringing, 
  i have seen atleast 3 different posts , all claiming some shop is selling this , but they were all different shops, 
  this is a old pic ? 
  or had it been snowing in denmark already ? 
  take the skin off , cut it in small pieces , boil water , put pieces in water , boil it for 20 minutes . 
  result, 
  the first one looks more southern german than belgian thb, 
  it used to be bmw and assholes , but it seems they 've changed their bmw 's for audi 's . 
  so now it 's audi and assholes, 
  in europe atleast portugal , spain , italy , germany and greece had dictators or coups happen in the last 100 years . 
  its rather calm the last 30 or 40 years but it was n't always like that, 
  they are just being stupid , whatever their reason . 
  how can you not see race or colour . 
  when someone is black , he is black . 
  nothing wrong with being black or white or yellow . 
  we are not all the same , uniform , all equal beings . 
  there are different colours and races . 
  celebrate it , do n't deny it, 
  with all the shit going on in the world since , well ever. , this is what makes him doubt god ? 
  e : chaotic neutral, 
  what would be a medicine for cockroach in your room ? 
  gold has many uses , its in your phone , computer etc. 
  its also used in medicine , like radiation treatments . 
  and many many more, 
  a computer with internet and let them discover everything else on their own, 
  a romanian entertains lot of people with music . 
  a romanian guy plays the accordian in front of a supermarket, 
  strange society you guys have over there in the states , not good or bad , just strange, 
  she is destroying isis atm . 
  getting kicked in the nuts, 
  could be , could be, 
  this is probably some anarchist groups work , not content with the current budget cuts etc. 
  greece had troubles with those groups before . 
  its not good but it is n't as terrifying as is, 
  hmm , saw some pictures of the pilots and they looked very dead too me, 
  best movie ever, 
  of course and why not ?
