  somewhere in november i think, 
  according to this wiki page they are the 11th biggest exporter, 
  yes small arms , but i think the netherlands export other things like weapon systems , radars . 
  the bigger stuff , not weapons a such, 
  yeah it was n't really a fall . 
  just a base jumper doing silly things, 
  i can make the comment about every cat i come across, 
  in germany, 
  you think the netherlands is a socialist country ? 
  do n't make up titles . 
  nowhere does the article say it were israelis , they do n't even have a suspect yet . 
  no probably not , but saying it were israeli terrorists without prove is wrong . 
  besides , it would n't be the first time thing were different then they seem at first sight, 
  how about that guy with the briefcase walking like going to work while there is a wounded or dead guy on the ground ( 6th picture ) . 
  this sub is for crude humour , but it still has to be * good * crude humour . 
  ( this was good btw ), 
  nope , in the netherlands there is no such thing as parole , so life sentence is really a sentence for life . 
  unless the king grands parole , but that never happens, 
  dutch ? 
  i thought this was about denmark ? 
  i do n't think sky would buy exclusive rights if they did n't think a lot of people would watch it, 
  somewhere in scotland i think ? ... 
  of course it is a big deal . 
  if the palestinian was killed when attacking the soldiers there would n't be a problem , but he was killed when he was no longer a threat . 
  i do n't mind if they are getting killed , but i do think israel is better then this . 
  they are a democracy and have to behave like it . 
  i think i have seen this posted before , but karmadecay says no , so have an upvote, 
  yeah why not , it is not something i find very attractive , but they do , so good for them, 
  and definitely not paying for it either, 
   with a population of almost 597,000 , rotterdam is the second most populous city in the netherlands , after amsterdam . 
  rotterdam is a very international city . 
  rotterdam has the highest number of residents from non-industrialized nations among all dutch cities . 
  nearly 50 % of all residents in rotterdam are not native to rotterdam . 
  after the dutch , the larger ethnic groups are surinamese , turkish , moroccan and antillean / aruban . 
  ( statistics taken from center for research and statistics , rotterdam cos. ), 
  you wo n't be the only arab looking person there , so you will be fine, 
  same as all those other flags , to show solidarity i think, 
  they are letting anyone in the army nowadays, 
  should the shield not be the other way around ? 
  if you hold it in front of you like this it is horizontal not vertical . 
  or not ? 
  yes , just like the netherlands , germany , italy and turkey, 
  although english is not my first language , i usually have no problem understanding . 
  but i have no idea what this guy is talking about . 
  must be terrible , living in a place where you can get shot at everyday, 
  wales , the north korea of great britain, 
  they should demolish their stadium as punishment, 
  definitely frustration, 
   three men from pakistan aged between 28 and 31 have been arrested, 
  the police identified them as pakistani . 
  nowhere in the article says anything about them being muslim . 
  deadwood , over een stadje in het wilde westen . 
  you know how much trouble europe has with north african young males already ? 
  you want those fuckers have guns too ? 
  anywhere i think , atleast i saw it in other subs too, 
  base jumpers jump from places lower to the ground then balloons . 
  but none of the passengers probably has any experience with parachutes . 
  thank you for your service , gigabyte898, 
  you mean those cell phones ? 
  he was booed at during the event , he said something about it and he gets booed at somemore . 
  you are really showing the world what a lovely people you are . 
  this booing is a non-western thing ? 
  do you think that booing happens in asia ? , in africa ? 
  in bejing it did n't happen . 
  at the wc in s-africa it did n't happen . 
  no , it happens in brazil and having complaints about it has nothing to do with colonism , it has to do with sportsmanship and just not being a dick . 
  we also had or still have belgian and norwegian prisoners in our prisons , just have your goverment and my goverment sign a deal . 
  2 wars ? 
  we fought hundreds of wars, 
  in dutch they are called a wasbeer, 
  last time it was posted it was called a fake so i do n't know, 
  in the netherlands , the parties on the right are called liberals . 
  the parties on the left social democrats, 
  the vvd calls itself '' the liberal party '', 
  no no no . 
  not just watered down germans , we are the swamp germans, 
  no , they have presidents . 
  it is president hollande atm . 
  it was real. , but it was meant to be a [ joke ] ( https://www.google.nl/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://twitter.com/bobbyfinger/status/766019229833461760&amp;ved=0ahukewj56cwnr-xqahvlubqkhrombvkqfgghmai&amp;usg=afqjcngcarfawlksnrvfto1cmqlsv0w2iq ), 
  germany is definitely not the most surveilled state , quite the contrary . 
  they are really fond of their privacy , almost no cameras anywhere . 
  thats why there are no videos of the attack, 
  so after this attack they are going to deport tunisians because the attacker was a tunisian ,, 
  why ? 
  are all tunisians now a greater risk then let says algerians or afghans ? 
  why not speed up all deportations ? 
  he is probably gay though / s, 
  do you know which european countries were against the war in iraq ? 
  belgium , france and germany . 
  germany is very welcoming to muslim refugee , still the last big terrorist acts in europe happened in those countries . 
  or the crusades, 
  not a trump supporter , not even american , but those antifa guys are scum . 
  when you are at a peaceful demonstration and they show up , you know there will be trouble . 
  and they are hurting the cause, 
  nobody has to steal to survive in the netherlands , most of those criminal kids are not poor , they just like shiny things, 
  no i am not gon na vote wilders , he is a goddamn leftist . 
  he is against islam , which is good , but he is economically left wing, 
  there are some , like vnl or forum for democracy , but those are to small to make a difference . 
  i think the vvd is somewhat the same as nva , they are centre right, 
  ah yes , but if you dont count all the illegal votes , he has won the popular vote / s,
