in america , it 's extremely difficult to make informed purchases for wine and cheese as there is no aoc system or similar . 
  those laws in france are amazing . 
  i think you could argue that for many of the terrorism incidents the root cause is that they did n't work enough ( i.e. 
  they failed to integrate and could n't find work , leading to non traditional paths seeming more appealing . 
  i 'm not sure as to the specifics , but i 'd imagine that he 's needed any time that the president and those in his office have to address the press and the public . 
  so this guy has to go anywhere the president goes , inside france and abroad , and be available in less than an hour ( or even less ) at all times . 
  so yeah , the dude 's paid a lot , but it 's a stressful job i 'd imagine . 
  apparently pr is worth it . 
  a hair dresser who was on call 24/7 and even had to miss the birth of his child for the job . 
  it 's not like it was just a regular 35 hour/week job . 
  that was also false . 
  it turns out that it 's dgse people who had been working on missions in northern africa . 
  you are , of course , the paragon of objectivity , right ? 
  while that 's true , it is still important to have a large military power in the eu . 
  being reliant on the americans for muscle and for a nuclear deterrent is less than optimal . 
  it 's currently redundant thanks to nato and the fact that the eu does next to nothing with the military , but the latter may be changing and trump has been a stark reminder that always counting on nato may not be a good idea . 
  with the uk gone , they 're the only eu nation with a self sustaining and large military as well as nukes . 
  germany may be the eu 's wallet , but france is its fist and presumably wants to be treated appropriately . 
  it 's also the brits , and wasting a chance to smug them is a worse sin than forgetting to grab a baguette and wine for dinner . 
  of course there is civilisation east of germany . 
  after passing through some sparsely populated wastelands , you arrive in glorious mother russia . 
  that 's very interesting , thank you . 
  the european sense . 
  i really do want to sit down at some point and compare the economic policies of the american democratic party to those of european liberal parties . 
  i feel like they are probably so similar that the word almost means the same thing when it comes to economic policy . 
  for hollande , maybe , but several members of the party ( valls , macron , el khomri , etc ) are die hard liberals . 
  the main crux of the issue is that banks need to be headquartered in the eu in order to process euros and do effective commerce between eu countries ( or something to that effect ) . 
  why the hell would they move to nyc ? 
  you do realise that the french '' '' '' `` socialist '' '' '' '' party is about as socialist as tony blair , right ? 
  they just passed two hugely unpopular labour reforms . 
  the mayor has been working with several private investment firms to set up startup incubators as well . 
  what ? 
  anyone who works in large businesses in france will speak at least passable english . 
  most businesses programmes require it , and ditto for most masters programmes . 
  if you go to ye olde cr\u00eaperie , sure the staff may not speak english , but almost everyone working in la d\u00e9fense will speak english . 
  1 ) ask the average person which people were killed in the holocaust . 
  75 + % of people will say nothing but the jews . 
  i am unconvinced that the name plays a significant role in ensuring the knowledge of who was killed . 
  2 ) if it 's anything like the holocaust denial laws , the punishment is nothing but a fine . 
  nothing that creates martyrs . 
  i visited brussels for about 10 hours and do n't get the hate . 
  it seemed like a very vibrant , youthful city . 
  yeah , even in the united states , states with millions of people buy textbooks originally written for other states as otherwise it 's too expensive . 
  this great initiative will both allow meps to spend more time among their constituents while also finally actually working a day in their life . 
  win win !, 
  yeah , even if you want to send each and every single one back , they need to be rounded up before that can be done . 
  i 'd rather know that people are being treated humanely than left to die . 
  tbh if the eu ran an escort service it would do a lot to combat eurosceptism . 
  more propaganda from our belgian suppressors !, 
  a recent study by sciences po revealed that 10 % of ps voters are voting in the lr primary for exactly that reason : whoever wins it , except for perhaps sarkozy , will be the next president . 
  ( http://abonnes.lemonde.fr/election-presidentielle-2017/article/2016/10/01/ces-electeurs-de-gauche-tentes-de-donner-leur-voix-a-la-primaire-de-la-droite_5006494_4854003.html ) jupp\u00e9 is n't exactly my cup of tea , but he 's at least not going to hold an eu referendum and perhaps the election will be at least somewhat based on policy instead of purely rhetoric if he 's the candidate . 
  i ca n't say the same or sarkozy , who is basically adopting le pen 's rhetoric in order to try to win . 
  choosing between le pen and le pen lite would be a huge nightmare . 
  im talking in terms of winning elections , not what will actually help the country . 
  i wish they would n't go all liberal , but it 's not up to me . 
  come on , the socialists have never stood a chance . 
  hollande is the second ps president since the founding of the fifth republic , the other being mitterrand in the 80s and 90s . 
  the ps winning in 2012 was more of a statement to how hated sarkozy is than anything else . 
  the french left is too divided , and the ps is only ( unfortunately ) following broader trends among european social democratic parties in embracing more economic liberalism . 
  see : tony blair . 
  if anything , moving to the right on economics may actually help them . 
  cause what they 've been doing the past 50 years sure as hell is n't working . 
  i 'm very torn on him . 
  i feel like he betrayed those who elected him with his economic policy , but i feel that if you judge him purely based on what he did as head of state he was okay . 
  \u00c9tat d'urgence is shitty , but daily life has n't changed , and i do n't feel that sarkozy would have done any better . 
  i would rather keep him than risk sarkozy or le pen , despite his flaws . 
  i 've never felt that hollande was going to kill the eu . 
  i 'm at most discontent with him . 
  i 'm not afraid of him like i am his possible successors . 
  that 's how i feel about him . 
  in terms of the narrow scope of the french presidency , i feel like he does well . 
  he represents france well on the international stage and he plays well with other european leaders . 
  i feel in general he has handled the terrorist attacks as well as anyone could have . 
  he is level headed , stable , and presidential , which are adjectives i have trouble applying to some of his opposition . 
  his fatal mistake was becoming too involved with domestic policy . 
  if he had n't pushed economic reforms so hard , i think he would have had a good chance at reelection . 
  it means it 's good enough to get them laid . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't speak prison slang . 
  ah , then yes , this makes sense if it 's a `` not bought in-store '' thing . 
  like you said , an independent contractor will probably be best and cheapest . 
  right , hence the second half of that sentence . 
  there * should n't * be a fee , but * if * there was going to be one due to whatever dumb law , it would have already been levied . 
  the fee that op is being charged is price extortion , nothing more . 
  i would ask around for a better quote . 
  i do n't believe that what they are doing would be considered legal ( or , at least , it has no basis in any law even if it does not break such laws ) . 
  any such fee or tax should have been applied at the border before the product reached you , if there was even going to be one in the first place . 
  i think these people are just trying to earn some extra money off of you . 
  my reading was that they are being charged 500 $ extra , in addition to the normal installation costs , because it is `` foreign . '', 
  yep . 
  eventually you have to be responsible for the implications of what you say . 
  `` our politicians are inviting in criminals to steal your jobs !, 
  if only something could be done ! '', 
  if you instil fear in people to garner votes or ad hits , you are morally responsible when people act on this fear . 
  especially when you pull things out of proportion as certain media outlets and politicians so often do . 
  i did n't say it was a good idea , and the numbers are nowhere near a million , thankfully . 
  however , while political suicide , the country could bear it . 
  france 's total public expenditures are about 1.2 trillion euros and there are 66 million people living in france . 
  caring for a million extra individuals would be a drop in the bucket in terms of both the budget and the population . 
  again , awful idea , not what is happening , but the system could withstand it . 
  perhaps someone better at maths than i am can correct me , but even with those statistics , native germans would not become a minority for a long time .
