  every country with more than a few million people has slums . 
  what 's your point ? 
  it 's pretty awful , but it 's super rare in france and nothing compared to what happens daily/weekly in countries like brazil . 
  to say that france does n't feel like europe anymore is false for 99.99 % of the visitors who go there , let alone those who actually live there . 
  oh for fuck 's sake , this is a huge lie and you know it . 
  edit : ah , / r/europe , i love you . 
  never change . 
  it 's thanks to the high quality discussion only available here that i am able to learn that france , the second largest country in europe , no longer feels like europe and that france is the only european country that still has a separation between the rich and the poor in her cities . 
  who knew ? 
  your `` war '' is n't happening except by a super small amount of muslims . 
  you 're delusional . 
  no , it 's not a coincidence , but it has nothing to do with the religion of the people and everything to do with the history and the region . 
  there are more than 6 million muslims in france . 
  this is a fact . 
  if the `` true believers '' are waging war on us , there are either basically no `` true muslims '' in france or muslims are really shitty at waging war . 
  the immigrants from former french colonies are going to attempt to build an empire encompassing all of europe while exterminating minorities ? 
  i feel so bad for people like you . 
  it must be a real downer to go through life thinking that everything is terrible and that the world is going to collapse . 
  you keep saying `` them '' as if they are some sort of cohesive unit . 
  my friend 's family from tunisia owns nothing more than their house south of paris . 
  you are attacking a strawman . 
  lol . 
  dude , if muslims were anywhere close to as violent as you seem to think they are , we 'd be in an all out civil war with thousands of deaths . 
  the fact that there are over six million muslims in france and not even 0,01 % of those have participated in any sort of terrorism should be ample evidence that there 's nothing to worry about . 
  if you 're so concerned about european lives , go do something about car accidents or smoking . 
  either one of those alone have killed more europeans this year than muslim terrorists ever have . 
  i fail to see the relation between this example and the topic at hand . 
  what sort of suicide bombing ? 
  against civilians ? 
  against terrorists ? 
  what was the exact question asked ? 
  `` rarely justified '' . 
  a lot of people would consider a lot of things to be rarely justified . 
  you 're right , they are n't living in peace there because they are killed in huge numbers by the exact same radical groups who attack the west . 
  they attended the mass as fellow humans who want peace . 
  the only person adding insult to injury here is you . 
  an innocent man is murdered and you twist it to support your objectives that goes against everything he stood for . 
  attend a catholic sermon sometime . 
  you 'll hear a lot about loving your fellow human , regardless of origins or beliefs , and forgiveness . 
  nothing about vengeance . 
  there are men who wear dresses , they are cross-dressers . 
  it 's usually done for fun or as a sexual thing . 
  not really related to the mental disorder that is gender dysphoria . 
  cross dressers , unlike transgender people , do not generally feel `` wrong '' when they present as their gender assigned at birth . 
  i am willing to believe that you are truly trying to help , but virtually every transgender advocacy group is not in agreement with you . 
  if you have a true desire to help , i would suggest you research the positions held by lgbt groups that are largely created and ran by people who deal with these stigmas in their every day lives . 
  it is a false equivalency because the dsm-5 recognizes gender dysphoria as a legitimate mental disorder , with transition surgeries/drugs as recognized treatments accepted by the medical community . 
  `` racial dysphoria '' is not recognized as a condition by any serious medical body . 
  referring to transwomen as men is mean and hurtful to them . 
  you 've posted several images that make fun of trans people . 
  transgender advocacy groups have repeatedly stated such `` jokes '' and ways of speaking are hurtful and contribute to the mental distress of people with gender dysphoria . 
  this is a false equivalency and you know it . 
  how do trans people make your life worse ? 
  why do you have to say deliberately hurtful , mean things ? 
  even if you disagree . 
  you are literally making fun of people with a mental disorder . 
  most mental health experts disagree . 
  would n't the staff in mental institutions who are specifically trained and went to university to deal with mental illness be better suited than prison guards that require next to no training or education ? 
  exactly . 
  but not prison . 
  prison staff should n't have to deal with mental illness . 
  still are n't the responsibility of the criminal justice system , and still belong in institutions with staff trained to deal with such illnesses . 
  then they have mental conditions , and are no longer the responsibility of the criminal justice system , and belong in institutions which are better suited to address their needs than prisons . 
  lol , ca n't believe i 'm being downvoted for saying criminals belong in prisons and people with mental illness belong in institutions ( permanently if need be ) . 
  never change / r/europe . 
  obviously , people should serve their time as determined by the courts and the laws . 
  the primary goal of our criminal justice system is , and must be , rehabilitation , regardless of the crime . 
  not `` preventing them from ever committing crimes again . '', 
  we used to do that whole system where we ensured those who committed crimes could never have a chance to do so again . 
  we moved away from it because as a society we decided it to be barbaric and inhumane . 
  hey hey hey . 
  remember , 100 years ago nobody liked the eiffel tower either . 
  now it 's an icon . 
  in 2100 everyone will be buying tour montparnasse souvenirs from street vendors of dubious credibility . 
  barely alive in metropolitan france though . 
  after decades of the state trying to wipe out minority languages they will never return in any meaningful form . 
  and i 'm not advocating for that either . 
  i think we agree , in fact . 
  what are the origins of terrorism , according to you ? 
  do n't just say islam , as the vast majority of muslims do n't go out and murder people . 
  why are ( usually ) second generation immigrants attracted to violent ideologies and lash out ? 
  i would argue that a large part of it is not feeling accepted in their home country , and so they associate with an ideology which welcomes them more . 
  isolating and vilifying refugees wo n't help in the longterm . 
  easy to say when you will never have to live through it . 
  because locking them all up in glorified prison camps surely wo n't build resentment or hamper any potential they may have had to integrate , right ? 
  lol thank you i needed the laugh . 
  goes well with the half price alcohol i bought just across the spanish border today ( thanks schengen ! ), 
  and before you say you can do that without the eu , it 's not nearly as easy or appealing with border controls to leave and enter france , and free travel is n't really practical without a base set of laws . 
  nice , so fuck everyone in europe for their mep 's actions , right ? 
  at least you can say the uk voted directly for whatever happens , do n't punish the citizens of europe for the actions of their representatives . 
  which would be bad , as i 'm sure you agree . 
  some people just want to watch the world burn , others want to help set it on fire . 
  yeah , i 'd rather not have le pen kill the eu , thanks . 
  regardless of your stance on the eu and the brexit , france pulling out before the uk 's position and long term outlook are clarified would be irresponsible and likely cause a recession . 
  do n't most of those nations have way more refugees than the eu ? 
  we do have a monopoly on the demonym though . 
  american exclusively refers to the us , and no other nation in places that are `` america '' . 
  yep . 
  obviously the civilians who died did nothing to deserve this . 
  but go back 100 years , look at what western nations did to the middle east .
