  yeah , no big deal , just implying that most mexicans are in cartels . 
  daily dose of casual racism . 
  grandpa , what was it like before they invented color ? 
  not if you yurop hard enough !, 
  this is glorious europa you are talking about . 
  fyi , the eu makes so much dairy that they just passed a measure to pay farmers to make less . 
  and besides german and certain italian cars , most european cars do n't come to america . 
  the eu is less reliant on america for exports than you think . 
  yeah , i thought it was pretty funny too . 
  public support only matters when the public will agrees with the people in charge , apparently . 
  loi travail , loi macron : `` we know better than you , france needs this , 49,3 !!, 
  '' ttip : `` power to the people , democracy !, 
  only we can suggest unpopular laws , filthy am\u00e9ricains !, 
  shame the u.k. could n't , oh i dunno , veto any new members or anything . 
  damn it ... was hoping this was just something being blown out of proportion , but no , it explicitly does this . 
  i mean , it would make a little sense if artists were publishing images on their personal websites with advertisements to fund themselves ( this robbing the artist of ad revenue when images are on google ) , but basically nobody does that ... 
  this just in : nobody has shitty lives in france . 
  thanks fran\u00e7ois hollande !!, 
  i tell myself that they 're all 14 years old , it 's the only way i cope . 
  if they 're adults their governments seriously failed to teach them the values of liberal democracy . 
  just make it like existing laws regarding things said in private , if forcing clothing is n't illegal already . 
  not saying that this would be easy or clean to prosecute , but it would be a start . 
  no they are n't . 
  plenty practicing muslims do n't wear the veil . 
  stop lying . 
  ah , that would explain it then . 
  where do you go ? 
  these numbers are only for la fac . 
  if you do engineering , business , etc those numbers wo n't apply , but they should hold true for most universit\u00e9 de [ ville ] [ nombre ] , sciences po , etc depending on the specific program . 
  i 'm pulling these numbers from http://www.campusfrance.org/en/page/educational-costs , which is an official site of the minist\u00e8re de l'\u00c9ducation . 
  it 's pretty great . 
  france spends 10 000 $ per student per year . 
  higher education is the government 's second or third biggest budget item . 
  the costs are also the same regardless of the nationality of the student . 
  americans , germans , french , and chinese all pay the same price . 
  a bachelors degree ( license ) is 184 $ per year , and a masters is 256 $ per year . 
  so it basically is . 
  yeah , not willing to commit to the country whatsoever , besides living there and working there right ? 
  after waiting 5 + years to even apply , sitting multiple exams and interviews . 
  no desire to commit whatsoever displayed there . 
  you seem to be seriously misinformed about just how arduous it is to become a citizen in the western world . 
  unless if you marry in , it is a long , difficult process that can easily take a decade . 
  it 's not `` passport shopping '' , it 's obtaining the citizenship of the country in which they live . 
  i highly doubt many people go through the years long , expensive , stressful process of obtaining citizenship just for `` passport shopping '' , which really is n't a thing for 99 % of naturalized citizens . 
  yep , which is why political science students no longer read rousseau , locke , voltaire , plato ... all far too old to have any meaning today . 
  oh , wait , no silly me , those people all wrote about universal timeless themes that hold true regardless of the surrounding events . 
  almost like our present day liberal democracies were founded on their philosophies . 
  sad to say but this comment is truly a sign of a pathetic individual . 
  you said nationalism requires citizenship . 
  the terrorism which originated in the basque county persisted for years and killed many people . 
  nationalism , like religious extremism , is an ideology that has very little relation to citizenship . 
  denying people their citizenship does not prevent nationalism . 
  basque terrorists say hi . 
  and stripping them of their citizenship does nothing . 
  the state has other methods of addressing these problems than a pointless symbolic gesture . 
  if america and france are going to war , it does n't really matter what country my body is in when the nukes drop , we all die either way . 
  fuck , pre wwi it was the exact opposite . 
  your blood and culture meant jack shit , only your citizenship . 
  the russian empire was almost entirely ran by germans . 
  so people should just cut ties to their family if they move abroad ? 
  you should n't need a visa to return to the country of your birth just to see family , especially in situations where someone has fallen ill or been seriously injured . 
  just because someone 's professional and political ties are in one country does n't mean that they no longer have ties back home . 
  but you could potentially need a visa . 
  which can be more difficult to obtain if you renounce . 
  let 's say i 'm an american living in france , and i 'm a citizen of both countries . 
  what if one of my parents fall ill and i need to visit on short notice ( not applicable in this example , but what if my home country did require a visa ) ? 
  or what if they are elderly , and i want to return home to live near them and enjoy what time they have left ? 
  renouncing citizenship can make these things difficult or even impossible . 
  you 're contradicting yourself . 
  the fact that european nations are more distinctive is proof that they wo n't be turned into some european monoculture just because everyone identifies as european in addition to french or polish or whatever . 
  look at belgium , germany , the basque country . 
  people are capable of maintaining distinct cultural identities even if they also identify as something else . 
  come off it . 
  an eu identity would not erase national identities . 
  hell , there are state identities in america despite all of our states being mostly identical with shared history , language , and culture . 
  you will be more likely to die driving to the airport than you will from terrorists if you visit , statistically speaking of course . 
  so only outsiders can accurately comment on a nation 's affairs ? 
  is n't this the exact thing that people accuse americans of doing all the time ? 
  `` certain parts of the population . '', 
  you mean less than two or three dozen people ? 
  okay , but there is surely `` that '' neighborhood that most people prefer to avoid living in . 
  i do n't speak polish find the sources , but this has literally been a problem in every large city as long as cities have been built and currency issued . 
  i 've lived in belleville and have spent plenty of time in saint denis , both in the heart of fox news ' `` no-go zones '' . 
  french cafes and restaurants on almost every corner , was forced to pledge allegiance to allah exactly 0 times . 
  how are the people on the streets completely different now ? 
  more head coverings ? 
  worn almost entirely by people from the maghreb that have been taught french from birth and grew up in france 's sphere of influence , assuming they were n't born in france to begin with . 
  they are hardly a threat to french culture . 
  the boulangeries still have bread , the unions still strike every other week or so , and people still bitch about how shitty the government is . 
  life goes on . 
  and how does this contradict what i 'm saying ? 
  i 'm not saying that france/paris do n't have problems . 
  i 'm saying that france and paris are still culturally european regions and that life in poor neighborhoods of cities is shitty worldwide . 
  i 'm not really taking a radical stance here . 
  well , at least according to the guardian , praga , poland used to be , and to a lesser extent still is :  some varsovians still think that a night out in praga is a bit too edgy for comfort , remembering the days when the neighbourhood 's soaring crime rate earned it the nickname `` the bermuda triangle '' . 
  for decades , it was home to the poorest of warsaw 's poor , and the derelict streets were ruled by the criminal underworld . 
  [ https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/aug/27/warsaw.poland] ( https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2008/aug/27/warsaw.poland ) there have been poor neighborhoods with elevated crime since the creation of cities themselves . 
  social programs can help , but there will always be a tendancy for people with more money to live in certain neighborhoods and those with less money to live in others ( followed by the respective problems of gentrification and increased crime ) as long as people are allowed to choose where they live . 
  this is n't a new problem . 
  a few hundred years ago we would be complaining about the crime caused by the gypsies and how they sully our respectable cities .
