  maybe in 2116 the tour montparnasse will be the new symbol of paris !, 
  excellent contribution to the conversation . 
  $ 115,000 median salary , great benefits , but your house will cost upwards of a million dollars , and you 'll be expected to work 50 or 60 hour weeks ( and 80 during rush periods ) . 
  also , most of google 's new hires are on a one year temporary contract , so even after you get the job , you do n't know if you 'll keep it after your one year ( and having uprooted your life and signed on a house ) . 
  let 's not even talk about the effects on the local people working normal jobs who have experienced rampant inflation driving them out of their own towns and homes . 
  it 's not all sunshine and roses . 
  that 's happened , actually . 
  it 's not just perceived . 
  in 1978 , the average male worker made $ 48 302 per year , and the average member of the top 1 % made $ 393 682 , adjusted for inflation . 
  in 2010 , the average male worker was making $ 33 751 per year and the average 1 % was making $ 1 101 089 per year . 
  i do n't have more recent data , but the gap between the working class and the top 1 % in 2008 was the greatest it has been since the great depression . 
  most of what i 've read has implied that the gains since the 2008 recession have mostly gone to the top , so i do n't believe these numbers have improved too much . 
  yes , given that the left will likely have no representation going into the second round , they will be the kingmakers for the election . 
  as much as they like the eu and helping refugees , the welfare state is much more dear and tangible . 
  the 35 hour work week is considered one of the great achievements of the french labour movement , even if it 's not the reality for some or even many . 
  it 's symbolic . 
  there 's a difference between the voters and the party . 
  they can differ in ideology over time , causing problems . 
  this is happening to several parties in western democracies right now . 
  british labour 's voters are much more left than the party , evidenced by the power struggle in the wake of brexit . 
  the american republican party 's voters are much more far right than the party given how much the party fought against trump . 
  and france 's socialist party is much further right economically than their voters . 
  hence why they have single digit approval ratings when they were once arguably the second most popular party in france . 
  and yes , fillon is much further right than what the party normally is according to me , but this is my research area and kinda what i do , so ... 
  compare his program to chirac 's or even sarkozy 's . 
  there has been a shift . 
  france as a whole is more right wing . 
  the ps is in power currently . 
  the opposition is les r\u00e9publicains . 
  you can go look up the makeup of the french parliament if you want . 
  the election is still months away . 
  trump won the american republican primaries , does that make him representative of the party ? 
  fillon is much further right than any les r\u00e9publicains candidate in recent history . 
  100 billion $ budget cut (  25 % cut ) , increasing the work week , and socially conservative values that have n't been featured heavily in the party in a while . 
  the leaders of the opposition would be the leaders of the republican party . 
  so that 's bernard accoyer for the overall party leader , bruno retailleau in the senate , and christian jacob in the national assembly . 
  i guess you can toss in fillon as well , now . 
  this is n't happening right ? 
  choosing between le pen and fillon is like asking which leg to cut off . 
  even macron would be better . 
  glad to see that you captured the real beauty of paris in the background beneath the eiffel tower !, 
  fwiw , he only wants to put government employees to 39 ( from 35 hours ) , but he was n't said if they 'll be compensated for this . 
  he just wants companies to be able to require it of others . 
  i 'll speak my mind about whatever i want , thanks !, 
  decades , not centuries , sorry . 
  even besides the layoffs , he still wants to bring huge , sudden change . 
  push for going to 48 from 35 ? 
  along with cutting many social services , and likely pushing for more el khomeri-esque laws ? 
  that 's too much to push for at once . 
  you caught me . 
  my people have much experience in invading a country under the premise of peace and wiping out the native population . 
  you just foiled my plans to do likewise to europe , rats . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  but how much teeth will unions have when unemployment is at 10 % and there will be people willing to work longer hours ? 
  thanks to macron and el khomeri it 's now much easier to fire staff . 
  those countries have always had those types of economic systems . 
  you ca n't just change ~ ~ centuries ~ ~ decades of momentum and institutions in 5 or 10 years . 
  i think you 're underplaying the extent of his policies . 
  he wants to lay off over 500 000 public employees , cut the budget by 100 billion $ , cut taxes , and do this whilst increasing the size of the military . 
  those are huge , unprecedented cuts anyway you slice it and social services are going to suffer dramatically . 
  edit : oh , and 48 hour work week unless otherwise agreed upon by union agreements , and most french workers are n't unionised ( and when i say most , i 'm talking 92 % ) , so fucking lol . 
   everyone he won a primary with a participation rate of fewer than 10 % . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think the primary is indicative of the french people as a whole . 
  right , that 's what i meant . 
  france as a whole is moving to the right . 
  i 've been killing myself writing a big paper for my uni course about it for the past month . 
  lr are further right than they used to be , the fn is gaining in strength , and the ps is now a liberal party economically . 
  france is in many ways echoing britain , even if the timing of things are a bit messed up . 
  france has a thatcher running , a toby blair in office , and its own sort of brexit equivalent brewing with le pen . 
  france has traditionally ( since ww2 ) been a country focused on heavy state involvement in economic affairs and a heavy emphasis on helping people maintain there status in life ( i.e. 
  the welfare state ) . 
  this seems to be changing . 
  both major parties are now focusing less on welfare policies and more on promoting economic growth with a withdrawal of the state in economic life . 
  no , i am using it according to the european and economics definition . 
  the new labor laws make it easier for employees to be fired , in the hopes of reducing the risks to companies in hiring new workers . 
  if i was using the us definition and the socialist party was passing left-wing reforms , why would their base be upset ? 
  it 'll be competitive , that 's for sure . 
  i suppose it is possible that fillon can siphon off enough people who would otherwise vote for le pen to offset for the left 's distaste of him . 
  yes , but france has a two round electoral system so that does n't come into play as much . 
  the first round is everyone , and then the second round is top two if nobody comes in over 50 % . 
  so if le pen does n't make it to the second round , people who may have voted for her would probably go to fillon ( giving him a slight edge against the other person ) , but if it 's le pen vs fillon then the number of people who would n't support either but are still voting ( mainly centrists ) will dwarf the number of people undecided between le pen and fillon . 
  it would be like in america if everyone had to choose between a libertarian and trump . 
  ( note : i 'm talking numbers here , not really ideology . ), 
  while there 's certainly some overlap between the two and potential to steal voters from each other , those people are vastly outnumbered by the combined forces of democrats and centrist republicans . 
  in what universe are lr not centre right ? 
  i admit that may be changing with fillon and with sarko 's rhetoric during the campaign but they 're definitely a traditionally centre right party . 
  the mainstream french left party has spent the last five years in power enacting liberal labour laws which have not gone over well with the base . 
  the current president has single digit approval ratings . 
  i do n't think a single projection shows them maintaining power . 
  fillon has a worst chance than jupp\u00e9 would of beating le pen as fillon is more conservative socially and more liberal economically than jupp\u00e9 , which will make the left less likely to vote ( for him or at all ) in the second round . 
  fillon wants to put the maximum allowed work week from 35 hours to 48 hours ( the max allowed by the eu whilst allowing for unions to negotiate lower ) , cut 100 billion euros from the national budget , and layoff at least 500 000 civil servants . 
  he 's also a fan of buffing up the military and slashing taxes . 
  naturally , the left will be turned off by this , but given the other option is le pen and likely leaving the eu ... as a non-frenchie who has spent a lot of time there and planned on staying permanently after my studies and is centre left i 'm pretty fucking glum . 
  yeah , you thought loi macron and loi el khomeri were bad ? 
  the strikes that were so bad they nearly entirely offset all the gains to the french economy from the euros ? 
  wait until you have an actual liberal in office . 
  i love you people though !, 
  you make cute shoes , and i went hiking in the b\u00e9arn region and it was sooo pretty . 
  oh i know . 
  i 'm just being a troll trying to provoke those who are proud of their basque identity .
