  like , over a century a long time . 
  if people think that they are going to become a minority in their own country because of a few thousand refugees , then they must severely underestimate the number of native born citizens in their own country . 
  france alone could take in 1 million refugees and it would barely impact their population numbers ( not that i am advocating for this , mind you ) . 
  even if all one million refugees were muslim ( not that this is bad , but apparently to some people it is ) , the number of muslims in france would rise by only 1 % , to somewhere around 10 % . 
  i fault the government for not properly explaining the plan ( and for not having a proper plan ) , not for taking in refugees . 
  i have worked with refugees , and believe it or not people from the third world are still people with perfectly normal desires , hopes , and ideas . 
  the dangers of taking in refugees has been dramatically overstated , predominantly by people on the right wanting to cash in on the people 's fear of the unknown in order to gain votes . 
  i am not stating that there are no problems , either . 
  of course there are . 
  but le pen and her ilk would have you believe that these refugees are going to kick you out of your own home . 
  but guys , the far right is just pointing out concerns that the leading parties are too cowardly to mention . 
  they would never advocate violence . 
  ... right ? 
  few come within 5 metres of a finn and live to tell the tale . 
  but are you broke ? 
  except that muslims at only about 7-9 % of the french population , only a third consider themselves highly religious , and 84 % of french muslim women never wear a head covering . 
  source : http://www.ifop.fr/media/pressdocument/48-1-document_file.pdf, 
  muslims in france have gone from 5 % of the population in 1990 to 7 % in 2010 . 
  even if 1 million syrians moved to france tomorrow that number would only go up by 1 % . 
  after the refugee crisis is settled , muslims will barely comprise 10 % of the population . 
  a bit far from being able to declare a theocracy . 
   your personal anecdote is n't really a reflection of the nation as a whole . 
  my personal anecdote is that of every single person i know who was n't born into a rich family but also is n't poor enough to qualify for a full ride . 
  also , to say that america has a higher standard of living than europe is laughable . 
  germany , switzerland , the netherlands , denmark , germany , and ireland all score higher on the human development index than the us , and every other nation in western europe is comparable to the us by that index . 
  he did . 
  gop is only supporting him because their option is go with him , try to secure the supreme court and get some policies past , or have their party collapse if they go against him . 
  yeah , i 'm going to be doing so great with my nearly $ 750 per month in student loan payments . 
  oh , and if something happens to my car ( which i also have to make payments on ) , i 'm out of a job ( and therefore healthcare ) because we have no public transportation . 
  yeah , life is soooooo much better here . 
  also , the cost of living in america is n't dramatically lower than most of europe . 
  the area around rennes is about as expensive as ( and looks basically identical to ) central indiana . 
  exactly !, 
  think how much more you could achieve without those pesky social goods weighing you down !, 
  sell them and enjoy the profits !, 
  we did it in america about 46 years ago and so far [ no side effects ] ( http://i.imgur.com/byup62p.png ) !, 
  do n't you know ? 
  european countries just need to cast off the chains of socialism and embrace the free market , and they too can enjoy the fabulous economic opportunities of america . 
  it 's easy . 
  you cut taxes , then social programmes , then labour laws , and poof !, 
  your economy will work like a well oiled machine !, 
  it has been implemented , and they are still doing that . 
  but it 's only the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es and a few other streets , as said in the article you linked . 
  it 's pretty nice . 
  there are tonnes of food trucks , they bring out extra v\u00e9lib bikes to ride up and down the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es on ... 
  i looked . 
  i should n't have . 
  yeah , it 's pretty disgusting in this thread . 
  it 's easy for adults ( ? ), 
  who have lived their entire lives in first world countries to know the right decision . 
  this was a fucking child and the people in this thread are all but celebrating . 
  i think fueled is too strong of a word . 
  more like they contributed to it , but there were factors at play which were much more powerful . 
  my history professor from paris viii taught us basically the same thing that / u/pelin0re just said . 
  absolutely , but there 's a difference between `` i ca n't cut your hair '' and `` i wo n't cut your hair . '', 
  that 's why we have courts . 
  discrimination of any sort has no place in europe . 
  if someone 's car breaks down , should a tow company be allowed to deny someone service based on religion ? 
  how about fuel when you 're too low to make it to another station ? 
  i also strongly disagree about haircuts being a non essential service . 
  so , she 's a social activist ? 
  you say it like it 's a bad thing . 
  that 's so odd . 
  wonder why ... 
  what ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  i traveled to and from paris cdg this summer via iceland and my only stamps are reykjavik . 
  putain :(, 
  ps please send breizh cola . 
  small correction , puisque translates as `` because '' in english . 
  `` because hitler wanted it '' , or even `` since hitler wanted it '' . 
  now i 've repeated since many times to see how it sounds , and it no longer seems like a word , and i do n't know why it 's used like that . 
  since . 
  cents . 
  since . 
  / r/yurop is that way . 
  `` good advice '' ? 
  you know duck and cover was to protect against nuclear bombs , right ? 
  those desks were n't going to do shit unless if they were lead lined . 
  yep , edited my comment to include that . 
  both are pretty terrible , but i 'd rather my child have to worry about the possibility of bad , sick individuals doing bad things ( which has always and will always be true ) than the possibility of all life as we know it ending in an instant . 
  besides , this is only from cp up , right ? 
  it 's not like toddlers in the cr\u00e8che are being told to prepare for terrorist attacks . 
  by the time a child is 6 years old , they are old enough to remember and at least understand the `` what '' ( if not the `` why '' ) of the sort of attacks that have been occurring . 
  unfortunately , terrorism is nothing new to even children this young . 
  even in june before the vacances d'\u00e9t\u00e9 , there have been new security measures , and children will have seen the vigipirate , the contr\u00f4le des sacs , etc. . . 
  the united states has been having these types of drills for almost 20 years , ever since columbine really . 
  i do n't feel like i was traumatized by them , at least . 
  the security measures are very typical in america as well , with the exception of having school bags briefly inspected . 
  this comes off as a bit of concern trolling by the author honestly . 
  even in primary school , we understood the purposes of the attacks , but they seemed like a joke . 
  we had one kid who was in the bathroom during a drill , and a janitor used his key to let him into the classroom after the teacher locked the door . 
  we all screamed `` ahh !, 
  it 's the killer ! '', 
  and then all started laughing and giggling . 
  we were all 7 or 8 years old . 
  but maybe this is just because violence is so much more normalized in american media that we are n't as phased by such ideas . 
  that is n't to say that it is n't a shame that we must prepare young children for the possibility of an attack in what should be a safe place , but such is the world in which we live . 
  it 's not as if it 's particularly new ; before it was preparing children for a nuclear attack , now it 's for an attack carried out by an individual . 
  i would argue that this new threat is an improvement if anything over the former .
