  every 14 july we celebrate those values . 
  ironically , you not caring what the republic says makes many of those immigrants you despise and fear so much better french citizens than you yourself . 
  ~ ~ it 's not an ethnic identity ~ ~ ( edit ) your ethnic identity has nothing to do with being a french citizen according to the basic tenants of the r\u00e9publique . 
  in your comment history you say vive la france , yet you vote fn , a party whose values go directly against \u00c9galit\u00e9 and fraternit\u00e9 , and would surely trample libert\u00e9 in the process of destroying the other two values . 
  the idea that anyone can be french , simply by agreeing to live by the values of the r\u00e9publique , is one of the reasons why france is so special and that idea should be cherished . 
  being french has , since the r\u00e9volution , transcended religious , linguistic , and racial barriers , and that is still true today . 
  you should be ashamed . 
  ideas like yours , and those of the fn , are what is `` killing '' france ( as if france is anywhere close to dying ) . 
  not the immigrants , not the muslims , not the economy , not that idiot valls , and not the nuit debout . 
  disgusting nationalistic ideas that are fundamentally opposed to everything the french republic was founded on . 
  not really , it 's a pretty standard way of doing things in france . 
  france has one of the highest number of international university students in the world , and anyone who completes a degree of two years or longer automatically becomes eligible for citizenship . 
  ooooor maybe , and just maybe , bear with me here , perhaps they want better lives for themselves and their children , and a very small minority are causing issues . 
  i know , radical concept that has only been behind every immigration movement ever . 
  the advice you provided would serve you equally well , if not better . 
  i agree . 
  but stripping citizenship is n't the way . 
  as someone who wants to become a dual citizen , this scares the shit out of me . 
  lol okay . 
  and i 'm assuming this hard stance will be enforced in a manner similar to [ this ] ( http://i0.wp.com/amptoons.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/family-guy-okay-not-okay.jpg ) ? 
  you 're right , we should destroy fundamental aspects of our society and save them the trouble . 
  calling the small number of religious radicals an invasion is laughable . 
  it 's still a slippery slope . 
  it creates a division between native born people and naturalized , and lays the groundwork for further laws stripping citizenship . 
  it 's still dissimilar enough from english as to be ( mildly ) confusing . 
  \u00c9cosse / scotland , and maroc / morocco perhaps ? 
  americans only punished the black soldiers who raped though . 
  most of the white soldiers got off without penalty . 
  no , not yet at least . 
  i 've lived there a small bit of time ( paris ) , and i 'm spending all next year at sciences po aix . 
  plan is to hopefully do my masters in france and naturalise . 
  i 'm just trying to trigger the brits , do n't worry !, 
  i 'm well aware that there is great food and history all over the world !, 
  but , please do speak up . 
  i ca n't quite hear you over the sound of the sang impur abreuving our sillons . 
  you 're right , it 's not fair to drag scotland into that categorisation . 
  to be more accurate , op should have said places like england , wales , or siberia . 
  the most obvious reason is having to live the rest of your life after your visit knowing that your home country will never have france 's rich culture , delicious food , and fine wine and that there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  america 's voter base is n't any more diverse than any other country 's . 
  america just only has two viable parties that constrain people and voters to settling for the lowest common denominator . 
  the french have known for a while that the english do nothing but dick around all the time . 
  there may not be any contempt for the eu specifically , but there definitely is a sentiment that the continental countries are stupid or ` wrong ' . 
  look at conservative news outlets when they talk about ` socialist europe ' . 
  my mom told me that she had the o'reilley factor ( or something similar ) on in the background ( i 've made great strides in reforming her , but old habits die hard ) and he said that free college only works in ` socialist countries like france because the government dictates who studies what and where ' . 
  at least among the right , there is a significant feeling that european countries are backwards economically and could use some `` freedom '' . 
  edit : not to mention the whole `` we pay for their military '' shtick . 
  there are tons of americans , especially the type who voted for trump , who know nothing about the eu/europe yet resent both as they feel that they 're being given a full ride . 
  i 'm sorry , what metric are you using to say that people used to spend 15 years in university ?? 
  according to la minist\u00e8re de l'education nationale , de l'enseignement sup\u00e9rieur et de la recherche , there were 1 593 200 university students in france from 2015-2016 ( http://www.enseignementsup-recherche.gouv.fr/cid111197/les-etudiants-inscrits-dans-les-universites-francaises-en-2015-2016.html ) . 
  that means that the government spends about 13 billion euros per year on higher education , at a bare minimum , or about 4 % of the overall budget . 
  it 's small compared to gdp , but it 's still a healthy amount of money and that sum does n't cover everything . 
  education is the largest line item in the 2017 budget and france spends 10 000 $ per university student per year . 
  i think you 'd be surprised . 
  that 's fair . 
  probably more accurate to say that he was real friendly with the people who were actually real friendly with that ilk . 
  he has used plenty of holocaust denial dog whistles over the years though . 
  wow , not sure how i did that . 
  probably blinded by her overwhelming sense of patriotism , making the mix up a tad easier to do . 
  merci . 
  ohhhh yeah buddy . 
  before that he was real friendly with petain and the nazis . 
  came second in 2002 presidential election as well . 
  marine 's niece , ~ ~ marianne ~ ~ marion-mar\u00e9chal , is also a politician . 
  one of the youngest mps ever actually iirc . 
  not anymore . 
  marine threw him out of the party for being a ghastly old fascist . 
  so few strings that if the bank folds , nobody comes to collect your debt !, 
  i wonder if i could get in on these loans . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  fun sidenote : a few days ago jean-marie le pen ( marine 's father ) tweeted out `` without global warming , we would all die of cold ! '', 
  loi macron and loi el-khomri both passed , and depending on how the first round goes the president is either going to be a a thatcherite conservative or a blairite liberal . 
  i mean , none of those things i mentioned are my preferences but from a business perspective france is looking pretty good right now . 
  at least , much better than before . 
  i 'm sorry , what 's a `` finland '' ? 
  is it similar to seaworld ? 
  does n't matter how well they do , they almost never win , which is the point . 
  side note , interesting that your account is 60 days old with over 11k karma , but with no posts and your only four comments are defending russia in this thread . 
  perhaps you are more familiar with the workings of the russian government than i thought . 
  you 're telling me that military intelligence is absolutely ignorant into how russia 's intelligence agency operates ? 
  and the department of energy , despite russia 's attacks on energy infrastructure ? 
  lolk . 
  appeal to authority is only fallacious if the authority is n't a good authority . 
  i 'm going to trust the director of national intelligence on matters of national intelligence . 
  almost all of those have had to deal with russian cyber security attempts . 
  all of the military ones for sure , department of state because it 's foreign affairs , energy as russia has made attempts on power infrastructure before ( including just a few days ago ) , cia and homeland security for sure , ditto for national reconnaissance and national security ... 
  i think the only one that would n't have had direct involvement with russian cyber security in the past would be the treasury and even then i 'm not certain . 
  it 's definitely way more than just two . 
  i can also guarantee you that those people are infinitely more qualified to look into this than you are . 
  the director of national intelligence , or dni , is the head of the united states intelligence community , or ic . 
  the ic is a federation of 16 distinct us intelligence agencies . 
  i honestly do n't care enough to track down the remaining two but you 've already shown to have no idea what you 're talking about based on that alone . 
  yep . 
  for as much as the anglos love to bash on france for being this commie far left hellhole , it 's a remarkably conservative country . 
  that 's a large part of why there are so many strikes and riots , as the left traditionally has very little voice and no other outlets to make itself heard . 
  you wo n't hear that exact phrase , but if you 're gay , or a women who sleeps around , or not christian , you are very , very likely to be told that `` here we do n't do things like you do in california/new york/the cities '' . 
  agreed . 
  this would be like going to bumfuck , alabama and using video from there as proof that americans are racist and terrible . 
  or to a poor neighbourhood in chicago and saying that `` all black people are like this . '', 
  every country has shit areas filled with backwards people and lots of crime . 
  you do n't even need immigrants to have places like that .
