  it 's no wonder there are so many problems . 
  my understanding is that most terrorist organizations are ran in a variety of different locations , making it difficult to take them out . 
  it 's not like they have a giant hq that says isis inc on the front . 
  we bomb one location , and either the leader is n't there , we do n't kill him , or there are plenty others to fill in the ranks . 
  not just that , western nations run bombing missions multiple times a week in the middle east . 
  according to / r/europe nothing is being done at all though . 
  it went 2 km at 50 kph . 
  that 's only two and a half minutes . 
  it was a semi truck likely weight thousands of kilos . 
  short of arming the police with artillery , you ca n't stop that . 
  i 'm not sure if using explosives against terrorists in the middle of a crowd of people would make the situation better or worse . 
  i 'm leaning towards worse . 
  this . 
  we need a marshall plan for the middle east . 
  and , you know , besides smelling nice , oil money kinda runs our entire world economy , so there 's that part too . 
  do you think that it 's a cakewalk to immigrate from a muslim majority country ? 
  it 's not like they can just walk in . 
  at a bare minimum , for france at least , you need to sit an exam , multiple interviews ... and that 's for white people from america . 
  and if people commit ( serious ) crimes that are n't citizens , i highly doubt they are allowed to remain on european soil . 
  okay , cool . 
  deporting illegal immigrants , no problem there , we already do , but could be stepped up for sure . 
  not sure if we should cut off immigration 100 % from majority muslim nations , but even more attention should be paid on people coming from those nations . 
  this still does nothing against those that are already there . 
  and isolating them wo n't fix anything . 
  i hate to rain on your parade , but this is exactly what france and countless other nations are doing . 
  believe it or not , but there are actually people who do this as their job instead of circle jerk on reddit about it . 
  or down vote me and move on lol . 
  you do n't see it on tv , but we are at war against isis . 
  we may not have any or many boots on the ground , but we run bombing and surveillance sorties nearly every day . 
  we work with groups on the ground . 
  it 's not like we do nothing at all and nobody ever thought to strike at supply lines . 
  just a few months ago we destroyed a depot with tons of money in it . 
  okay , so what historical precedent are you referring to ? 
  the time when europe 's motto was peace and love and we went to war against each other every decade ? 
  well , given that you have n't spoken against it , and genocide has been the historical response ... what did you have in mind ? 
  okay , bear with me , because i 'm really , really not trying to put words in your mouth here . 
  are you implying that a holocaust-like solution would be a valid approach to fixing europe 's terrorism problem ? 
  or do you just simply want to bomb the hell out of the middle east until nobody is left alive ? 
  you do realise that most of the terrorists are second generation immigrants , right ? 
  they 're french . 
  they were born here . 
  they grew up here . 
  would you simply just send them back to a country that they may have never even visited due to the actions of others ? 
  lol k . if we decide to start discriminating against a large group of people based on religious or racial qualities , then we will have killed our society ourselves and saved the terrorists the trouble . 
  and the national holiday . 
  truck sped up before hitting the crowd . 
  they found guns and grenades in the truck . 
  it was a terrorist attack , unfortunately . 
  you know perfectly well what he meant . 
  short of arresting every muslim in france , you can not prevent 100 % this sort of attack . 
  to start , of course . 
  and then perhaps we could concentrate them in some sort of camp , give them all some nice showers ... / s, 
  wikipedia said he supported a european federation back in 2011 . 
  beyond that , i do n't know much personally . 
  certainly agree . 
  technically should 've have happened , but super interesting it did . 
  she 's on some shaky ground legally ( constitutionally ? 
  or whatever the appropriate adverb for the uk is ) , but she 's breaking the rules by following the book as close as possible . 
  for westminster to call her out they 'd have to go against a majority of the referendum result and the unanimous vote of parliament . 
  that 's a lot of political backing . 
  scottish parliament voted unanimously for her to visit with the eu and have talks . 
  her party campaigned on having another referendum if the uk leaves the eu . 
  disagree with her or not , she did n't just decide to this . 
  she 's following the mandate she was voted in on with the unanimous support of parliament . 
  you should be fine . 
  this deal even applies for non-eu citizens on long-stay visas . 
  in fact , i 'm not even on a long-stay visa and was able to get into the louvre for free with my student id card alone , despite having a super obvious accent . 
  the people manning the entryways are n't paid enough to care if you meet the requirements 100 % . 
  as long as it 's plausible that you should have free access , they 'll let you in . 
  the eu does n't need to unseat london as an economic powerhouse , the british did it themselves when they voted to leave the eu ( assuming that britain loses access to the single market ) . 
  when the financial industry loses the right to conduct business in europe , they 'll move to eu countries . 
  pretty sure you should be able to . 
  i ( american ) had a layover there on my way to paris , and my passport was stamped for keflavik as i went through border control in iceland . 
  when i arrived in paris , there was no border control of any sort . 
  yep , the proper expression in english is cart in front of the horse . 
  that will certainly help them in securing a trade deal with the us , but if they can not reach a free trade agreement with the eu and london financial firms pull out , i do n't think that level of investment will continue . 
  the money just wo n't be there . 
  before we know more about what will happen to the london financial industry , it 's difficult to tell much of anything . 
  if the banks do pull out , the uk will be significantly weakened when it comes to making trade deals with the world . 
  also , how much of that investment and of those services are british-owned firms ? 
  if the uk is the gateway to the eu , it 's natural that most of the money and services flows through there . 
  they produce nothing unique that will significantly affect the prices of our goods if tariffs were to be introduced . 
  lol , the uk produces nothing which interests america . 
  most of our trade is with canada , and canada 's with the us . 
  australia mostly trades with asia and new zealand . 
  america was close with the u.k. to have a spokesperson in the eu . 
  now they 're just another australia . 
  medium/large friendly english speaking country . 
  jordan ? 
  for a third world nation , it 's pretty good from a legal standpoint . 
  woman have enjoy the same rights as men , and homosexual acts are legal , even if gay marriage is not ( although gay marriage is a recent development in many european countries ) . 
  also , lol at your deleted response to / u/ngrej : [ `` i remember the past . 
  when muslims tried to invade us . 
  '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vwekn4k.png ) so the ideals of libert\u00e9 , egalit\u00e9 , and fraternit\u00e9 from 1789 are too old for you , but the muslim occupation of the iberian peninsula in the eighth century is n't ? 
  or are you referring to the centuries in which france was allied with the ottoman empire , who never invaded france ? 
  i misspoke , being french is certainly an ethnic identity , but it has little relation with being a french citizen other than that most ethnically french people are french citizens . 
  and you 're right . 
  these are laws and ideas that were originally made hundreds of years ago . 
  as recently as 1958 we decided that they are still worth preserving as the basis of french society . 
  given that the fn is still a minority , it would seem that the majority of french society agrees with these values .
