  it 's institutional failures more than anything . 
   casu marzus i could 've gone my entire life without knowing what that was . 
  corsica is there and is devoid of intelligent life . 
  do you think that cutting off `` billions in aid '' would n't have any negative consequences ? 
  yeah , because we all know if there 's one thing that the world needs more of , it 's unstable muslim majority countries . 
  especially less than 200 miles off the coast of europe . 
  do you think before you suggest things ? 
  the schulz is gon na save us . 
  i do n't care . 
  you put criminals in a court . 
  you ca n't get them all , but you fuck over the ones you get as hard as possible . 
  mob justice is no justice at all . 
  that 's how you get dead innocents . 
  collaborators are disgusting traitors and deserve the worst possible penalty . 
  i want that penalty to be based on law and cautioned rational decisions , and not on the anger and bloodlust of a mob . 
  i have n't read the article , thank you for that . 
  that 's even worse , in my opinion . 
  collaborators deserved to be punished after the war for their actions , but i could never justify killing them extrajudicially . 
  that 's just disgusting . 
  if it could be proven that she did , then i definitely feel like she should have been tried for murder . 
  i do n't believe that wearing any sort of uniform really enters into it , but after thinking it over some , i do n't think she 's on as solid ground as i thought . 
  she was n't acting as an agent of any recognised state , or even as part of any resistant movement . 
  her acting alone would definitely muddy the waters for her legally . 
  the soldiers she killed were definitely valid targets , but she would have definitely been engaging in activities outside of the normal scope of war . 
  i think both legally and morally she may have been in the wrong , but i also do not think that it would be right to prosecute her . 
  it is necessary to have a certain level of understanding for those who are occupied , i think . 
  killing combatants is not murder . 
  even when not actively on duty , soldiers on deployment are combatants until they surrender . 
  soldiers are made to be killed and those who kill them are not murderers . 
  combatants , yes , but those who engage in standard acts of war ( such as killing combatants ) are not war criminals if they are fighting in defence . 
  anyone can fight in war time . 
  if you choose to fight , you simply lose your non combatant status and can be killed legally . 
  there is nothing wrong , legally or morally , with killing enemy soldiers currently on deployment . 
  this is true even if the soldiers are unarmed if they have not surrendered . 
  their simple presence is an act of war . 
  it 's not anything new . 
  paris has been building enceintes to control city growth for centuries . 
  you can still see part of one if you go by the panth\u00e9on . 
  just east of it is a rather good bar called le violin dingue , if you like getting drunk surrounded by uni students . 
  in many ways , this has benefited paris . 
  it 's much easier for efficient public transportation and good city governance if growth is controlled and restrained within a clearly defined area . 
  it 's prevented rampant uncontrolled expansion and has contributed to the preservation of the city 's character and architecture . 
  i do try my best . 
  regardless of `` first safe country '' stipulations , i 'm pretty sure sending them back without analysing their cases violates international law . 
  huh , i searched that term and was just redirected to [ this page ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/oxymoron ) . 
  do n't worry , he 'll be on the same list as hitler !, 
  farage = literally hitler confirmed, 
  it 's because globalisation and mass immigration have changed the primary divisions in society . 
  the most recent primary division used to be owners versus workers ( or capital versus labour ) , but many people work in high skilled service jobs now and that divide is n't as descriptive . 
  a programmer has little in common with a retail worker . 
  instead , society is divided along two axises : multiculturalism versus traditionalism and protectionism versus globalism . 
  the left/right divide is mostly along the multicultural axis , whilst internal divisions arise from disagreements on economic issues . 
  far right populists have taken up the position of traditionalism and protectionism , and this resonates strongly with both people who are concerned about immigration and people who are concerned about globalisation . 
  parties in the centre are restricted to working along the multicultural/traditional axis as they are unable to oppose the globalist policies they 've spent decades supporting . 
  this has resulted in a decrease in their strength as popular sentiment drifts away from globalisation , and thus some centre parties are taking up the only aspects of far right populist rhetoric they can : the rhetoric against multiculturalism . 
  parties have been shifting to the right for a while , mainly since tony blair 's third way in the 90s . 
  agreed !, 
  such vicious stereotypes have no place in public discourse . 
  oh my god , if le pen does n't make it past the first round i will literally never be unhappy about anything ever again . 
  i do n't think it 's going to happen , but i really really really want it to happen . 
  this is the second re-vote . 
  this is the third time they 've voted for this election because the first two were both invalidated for various reasons . 
  yeah , but for the middle of canada to warm to the point of being habitable , they oceans will rise so much that this current refugee crisis will be minor compared to the others that would spring up . 
  i 'm going to blow your mind . 
  the climate along the coasts is different than the climate in the middle of the continent . 
  canada has as much territory as europe , but only a very very small portion of it is actually inhabitable by most metrics . 
  there 's a reason why 90 % of the canadian population lives along the us border . 
  i mean , politicians do n't have all the answers , but i trust the people who go to school for and spend their entire lives studying public policy more than i trust joe bloke down at the pub . 
  a visit from the sharia law enforcers , obviously . 
  they 're talking about macron , not hollande . 
  no , losers in globalisation . 
  that 's the official terminology in political science . 
  i found it . 
  reich was using the median male wage based off us census bureau data . 
  this is piggy backing on research done by saez and pickety done in `` the evolution of top incomes : a historical and international perspective '' . 
  i 'm not sure without looking deeper why you have different data , but do keep in mind that i was using 2010 numbers . 
  i do n't have time for further research right now , sorry . 
  is that why counties in the midwest who went blue in 2012 and 2008 voted for trump ? 
  the general consensus i 've gotten from political scientists and pollsters was that these far-right populists are a result of backlash against globalisation . 
  inequality for all , robert reich 2013 . 
  give me a bit and i can find his sources . 
  i have the book the documentary is based on , aftershock , here too and i can thumb through it and get sources as well . 
  he 's a uc berkeley professor and former secretary of labor under bill clinton . 
  without looking at the sources , i assume that he only looked at `` middle class '' wages , instead of the overall median . 
  most ( if not all ) income figures he used came directly from tax records . 
  unfortunately , the losers in life have as much of a vote as the winners . 
  in fact , they have just elected trump , caused brexit . 
  perhaps we should start listening to them ? 
  they 're `` beneficial '' only in that the pay exceeds that of india . 
  i would hope that the richest nation on earth ^ tm can do better than the third world . 
  what success have those who have been priced out of their homes known ? 
  is it success to spend more waking hours working than enjoying time with your friends and loved ones ? 
  i want none of this success if that 's what it means . 
  that 's exactly the problem . 
  nobody is keeping them here , but they want to be here . 
  desperately . 
  so they accept substandard wages and longer working hours , thus making pay and working conditions worse for everyone . 
  and if they want to have pay and conditions like american workers , they will be passed over and have to go home . 
  companies have tremendous leverage over h1-b workers , even more than they do over normal workers , since they are faced with deportation if they do n't accept whatever conditions and pay the company decides to give them . 
  people thought the tour eiffel was ugly at first too !,
