i trust ... bernie sanders with them . 
  rand paul , i suppose could probably be responsible as well . 
  i do n't trust any of the other republicans to not blow up the middle east in some crazy occult ritual to summon the antichrist and kickstart the apocalypse . 
  hillary is the antichrist so obviously that 's right out . 
  ironically the u.s. grants quite a few asylum applications from chinese . 
  after watching the greek crisis i basically assumed that was the case . 
  i also think there is some kleptocratic motivation for their antics . 
  in this case its for someone else 's hanging . 
  sa is n't going to invade germany . 
  we 're gon na have to start giving immigrants ponies !, 
  america has a lower score than some countries . 
  that 's an embarrassment people !, 
  we 're associated with solving our problems via remote murder . 
  yeah , if you think pkk = kurds your gon na have a bad time . 
  pkk is to kurds as nazi is to germans . 
  you mean one dimensional . 
  two dimensional would involve an entire plane . 
  right/left is a one dimensional line . 
  my main consideration is always people who wo n't have children . 
  that way when they die i inherit all their money and science . 
  wait , russia is banning food imports ? 
  wtf ? 
  i thought that was sort of the west 's ultimate trump card against people it did n't like . 
   that the price of the watch was four times greater than peskov 's annual salary , according to official filings , and ** had never been declared as a gift ** . 
  the number of people who get into trouble over this sort of thing is astounding . 
  if he had just blamed it on his wife ( or was she a girlfriend at the time ? ), 
  when he got it he would be in the clear !, 
   you do n't trust your government on things they should be distrusted on , ok , but you also do n't trust your government enough to have high taxes and strong social services . 
  there is also an excess of trust on many issues they should absolutely not be trusted on . 
  in particular the hilarious excuse for a `` justice '' system . 
  he says this :  i did n't get to choose its ceo and i did n't get to have any impact on the way it ran its affairs vis-\u00e0-vis the greek banks . 
  the greek people who had elected me had no control on how the money they had borrowed was going to be used . 
  you say this :  the fund was setup years ago by previous governments . 
  just because a government changes it does n't mean it has the right to nominate all his cronies to every state job that exists . 
  you seem to be agreeing with him . 
  he does n't control appointment . 
   the rest of this stunt is just propaganda . 
  varoufakis decided to spread to the four winds that he would cut the fund 's salaries , but he somehow forgot to mention that he knew that , in spite of his enthusiastic public declarations , the move had to be approved by the people who lend the money to greece . 
  its only `` propaganda '' if the troika refuses to allow the cuts . 
  and the only `` propaganda '' is the troika 's own actions !, 
  so what about women who did n't join the military ? 
  are they all looked at as quitters since they did n't join ? 
  the army of finland will do jackshit if russia wants to roll them over . 
  it will not win . 
  no one will ride to finland 's rescue . 
  they do not have nukes . 
  they are not part of nato . 
  conscription will not save them . 
  if you 're lucky someone will ramp up sanctions on russia . 
  indeed it was the fault of the nazi 's . 
  maybe . 
  probably . 
  if it was a variety it would be obsession , but probably bad shilling . 
  no , both rotate around their respective centers of gravity . 
  they * revolve * around ... look orbital dynamics are hard , but its a point in the sun . 
  oh yeah , some resources need to get diverted into unraveling that bowl of insanity . 
  indeed if this prosecution is successful its a pretty sure sign that europe is rotting and fascists win . 
  yeah , hacking is really unauthorized access . 
  if you cleverly access the data without someone else noticing you 're just being clever . 
  if she was actually spying for anyone they should have handed her classified ( false ) information she was sure to report and bugged her . 
  now you have proof of a crime . 
  now you can either flip her and get her to gather more incriminating evidence for you or toss her in the nearest jail . 
  if you 're really clever you fake up a video of someone important being a baddie , but make sure said person has a ironclad alibi and you can prove the fakery . 
  with any luck your opponents will release it publicly and you can discredit them just a little more . 
  so they 're not slacking , their just working really hard on facebook ? 
  because were i come from that 's slacking . 
  that 's terrible . 
  i like the laundry list of scare crimes they have . 
  you got terrorism , sex crimes against children and cybercrimes . 
  think of the children . 
  i have some words about how they 'll fuck all those up , but that 's not the big issue . 
  if you start being unable to respond to burglaries you need to look at your priorities . 
  burglaries need to come in before shoplifting , drug crimes , prostitution , vandalism , stupid thought crime policing bullshit , and so forth . 
  basically the only thing that will come in before a burglary is outright violence . 
  anyway , enjoy your fascism . 
  i 'll be over the lake with our insane police and excessive sentences . 
  damn it , germany . 
  if you 're gon na complain about another country 's corrupt practices you ca n't protect the people responsible . 
  are they actually officially refusing or has greece not officially asked ? 
  you ca n't make a deal for future legislation unless the legislative body votes for it . 
  no one in the romanian government would have the power to offer what the company wants . 
  if a promise is made by a person or group and they do n't have the power to grant it , the company should know its not a rock solid agreement . 
  that 's the complete opposite . 
  everyone has access to those courts . 
  this would be a special court for special people . 
  notably a regular citizen could not sue in said court even if they had the same dispute with their government . 
  america saw it like 200 years ago . 
  its why we got our 11th amendment to the constitution . 
   use this website if you want to know how the russian governement thinks about something . 
  it 's like fox for russians fox is rupert murdoc . 
  although i guess putin is a close equivalent , but with more murder . 
  the worst thing rupert ever did was hack someone 's phone . 
  starting to fix some of greece 's problems i see . 
  i do n't think reviving the economy works like that . 
  i can only hope so . 
  okay , fine : it would send the message , that if you have trouble you 'll be given `` bailouts '' that only help rich private citizens , and banks that made terrible choices , but contingent on following a plan that will destroy the economy . 
  when it does n't work they 'll ignore reality and continue down the road , forcing a cycle of ever increasing debt . 
  when you finally refuse to follow the plan destroying the economy and piling you with an ever increasing amount of debt they 'll strangle your financial system , and then drop you like a rock and kick you in the teeth . 
  just in case the injury was n't enough they will add insult too .0 they 'll make sure to use any deviation from the plan or failure to meet impossible goals as `` unfulfilled compromises '' or `` failing to implement reforms '' , while ignoring their own obligations . 
  bitch about corruption , while much of the corruption was their citizens handing out bribes their government owned company could scam your own , they refuse to prosecute their citizens or their companies , despite the fact that you are prosecuting the politicians who took bribes .
