  they 'll pretend that treaties you did n't sign free them of any unpaid debts toward you . 
  but at least in this hypothetical their honest enough to say when they want someone out . 
  is that better ? 
  or am i still being too forgiving ? 
  i heard the theory of tsipras is deliberately fucking with the eu in order to expose its fractures and weaken it . 
  greece is processing the refugees as fast as they can . 
  but seriously , wth ? 
  you make greece cut government spending and now you 're whining greece is n't spending enough ? 
  i have an idea : if you are n't happy with greece you send boats to pick up the refugees and process them . 
  otherwise leave greece alone !, 
  the typos thing is worrisome . 
  it only takes forgetting a single word to change a good law into an awful one . 
  actually invading a nato country would be insane . 
  first off , it would put russian territory on the target map . 
  second , it would instantly cut russia off from a lot of trade and a huge array of financial systems . 
  third , invading a nuclear armed country is insane . 
  four , even a day is enough to evacuate civilians and allows for scorched earth tactics . 
  the situation would be sucky for nato , but russia would n't gain anything . 
  this is a good decision on the eu 's part . 
  terrorist group is n't a clearly defined word . 
  a better analogy would be asking if americans believed if a certain mexican drug cartel was a terrorist organization . 
  for actual approval is was about 5 % of turks . 
  but honestly asking stupid questions often gets bullshit responses . 
  i would not be surprised if a poll of americans got a 5-10 % approval rate for child molestation . 
  they 'd be clones with serious health troubles , accelerated deterioration , and they would need to be raised all the way up from infant-hood and the lack of diversity would almost certaintly be a huge detriment . 
  there is significant value in multiple view points . 
  the entire thing would be hugely expensive as well . 
  it would be a far better choice to buy some babies on the black market . 
  they 'd be better and cheaper than cloned babies . 
  [ / evil overlord advice ], 
  democracy is not suspending the constitution , or rendering much of the constitution meaningless . 
  their antics , essentially ignoring the court , are not part of a functioning democracy . 
  to wit :  the government , meanwhile , is ignoring the tribunal 's ruling they may as well have declared the constitution does n't apply . 
  being childish or taunting someone does not make one an idiot . 
   when 2 nations are at war , then according to international law you can implement a blockade against your enemy , which is what israel did so israel has conceded gaza is an independent nation ? 
     search engine providers are only obliged to delist results where the data therein is inadequate , irrelevant ( or no longer relevant ) or excessive . 
  where there 's any real public interest in maintaining the information , it wo n't be removed . 
  and how would the company judge value to the public ? 
  they could have someone read it and judge , but that requires paying someone and opens you to a potential suit . 
  otoh , simply going with the request costs much less and does n't open you to liability . 
  most companies are n't in the business of spending money to open themselves up to liability . 
  yeah , that 's nothing like the one in france . 
  it basically let 's the u.s. sanction foreign powers or groups . 
  it does not , for example , authorize house arrest . 
  anyway it sort of demonstrates that `` emergency powers '' will basically be spammed and never given up . 
  let 's summarize a few details that the headline leaves out : 1 . 
  he did in fact try to sell the info first . 
  he only became a whistle blower when he could n't get any cash . 
  better late than never , but still . 
  he 's not going to jail . 
  there [ has been ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herv%c3%a9_falciani ) some [ action by ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagarde_list ) . 
  a lot of suspicious inaction though . 
  also the ringleaders of this , the swiss bankers , are in switzerland and wo n't get prosecuted by their country for obvious reasons . 
  there were a couple of suspicious deaths and the u.s. authorities told him he might get assassinated , so he should run . 
  ultimately , its all very murky . 
  did the investigations get quashed by the rich and powerful , or was evidence too hard to find ? 
  hiding evidence was sort of the point of what the banksters got paid for . 
  were the deaths suicides ? 
  murders by disgruntled individuals ? 
  or part of the cover-up for fear they would talk ? 
  obviously evidence is very strong the swiss bankers are baddies , but everything else is way less clear . 
   yeah . 
  may i add a possible reason for not trusting frontex . 
  well they apparently wo n't answer to greece , are granted immunity and are allowed to use force . 
  i do n't see why greece would allow them in at all . 
  i never said it was a good idea . 
  its not going to make anything better . 
   the payback plans greece has to adhere to contain absolute sums , not sums relative to gdp . 
  back in reality land , everyone realizes there is no possible way that the plans get followed . 
  think of it like burning your house down before the bank repo 's it . 
   turkey would be in blatant violation of international law and eu would be justified even in using force against them . 
  and use of force against a nato country ? 
  he 's not a criminal . 
  he was n't let in either . 
  he was born in . 
  i think he 's saying that turks know how to do a barrel roll . 
  if isis could do a barrel roll they 'd probably do a lot better at the whole not dying thing . 
   maybe this is slightly conspiracy theory-ish , but i 'm getting more and more certain that some people with an agenda has a lot of power over these kind of things , posts , and submissions . . 
  your placing way to much faith in the average person . 
  its a common conspiracy theorist mistake . 
  although there are almost certainly pr types trying to manipulate reddit , i strongly suspect that any changes reflect the general mood , not a uptick in p.r. 
  by malicious bad-faith actors . 
   they do n't get much aid if they wait for their application , they legally ca n't work if they wait for their application . 
  what about if they just starve to death ? 
  would that be an allowable alternative to aid or work ? 
  thing is greece ca n't take in millions of refugees . 
  they were barely managing * without * refugees . 
  more capital is basically always good . 
  even human capital . 
  especially when another country spent the resources to teach them and we can reap the benefits . 
  can america have them ? 
  we could use a large injection of capital right about now !, 
   the fact that so many syrian refugees stay in turkey is a direct result of decisions and actions of turkish government . 
  so should have turkey deported the refugees to the eu , or deported them back to syria ? 
  they can also use the reading room in america !, 
  it does n't make things better . 
  reading rooms in foreign countries are an even bigger insult than just a foreign country 's embassy . 
  it depends on the courts , but i 'm betting they 'll expand the 11th to cover puerto rico too . 
  and locking puerto rico out of the banking system is out of the question . 
  even if puerto rico banks did fail on their own depositors would still be insured up to a pretty big amount .
