  it 's perfectly normal in a coalition government , they would still have their seats in parliament just not be part of the government . 
  a comparison with british system would be that of cabinet responsibility - either you support the majority decision or you resign/get kicked out . 
  they kind of are , without universal healthcare poor people have to sue to get money to pay for health costs in case of accidents . 
  even if you 're insured the insurance company will often sue on your behalf in order to get someone else to pay long term health costs . 
  yup but comedy is always related to power whether we realise it at the time or not . 
  for example mocking politicians , bankers or lawyers is funny as they ( are assumed to ) have power , wealth and influence . 
  mocking a bin man or a cleaner is bullying . 
  i think people instinctively understand that , which is why as an english person in england making certain irish/welsh/scottish jokes can be racist . 
  there 's a history there that is n't true if the situations are reversed . 
  now the difficulty lies in how this is all layered , because we have national social and economic relations as well as racial , religious and historical ones . 
  these are on top of personal circumstances and relationships which layer on top . 
  i do n't think saying ' i make jokes about these other people too ' is a fair rebuttal without considering context . 
  tldr : a nazi making a jewish joke is different to an israeli making a jewish joke - context matters . 
  no because the british government is still paying for their healthcare . 
  unless they become ` resident ' in spain the original eu govt . 
  is still on the hook for their healthcare costs . 
  that 's a basic principle of the ehic . 
  most of them do n't become residents as there 's no advantage if you 're already an eu citizen . 
  the trouble was that there were a lot of different regulations in each country which prevented say spanish oranges easily being sold in every eu country - having eu standards made internal trade much easier - which is pretty much the raison d'etre of the eu . 
  when they repealed the laws there must have been some judgement on that the markets were integrated enough that it did n't matter anymore . 
  onshore windpower is pretty cost-effective but i understand doubts about its reliability . 
  you argue this in a completely ahistorical manner . 
  you seem to imagine reasonable people gathering around a table and deciding what 's best for the people . 
  i would like you to point out one time in history where things worked out like you 're describing . 
  1 ) i was responding to his general statement about the pre-eminence of self determination . 
  2 ) nothing is simple in politics . 
  i guarantee there are a mixture of populations with varying degrees of desire for independence and varying concentrations of passion for the idea . 
  cultural and political differences alone are an unconvincing argument . 
  by that standard there could be a dozen different german states alone . 
  and there is always the nasty history of striving for single ethnicity nation-states in europe to consider . 
  balkanisation in the eu could be a massive problem , think of how difficult it was to get an agreement with 12 nations , how much harder it is with 25 , and what if it gets to 35 ? 
  the difficulty in coming to agreement with ever smaller countries would definitely have consequences for the internal structure and efficiency of the european union . 
  and i was responding to the statement you made regarding territorial integrity , so spain 's moral standing is irrelevant . 
  britain 's done quite well for itself , historically speaking ... 
  except that the devil is in the details . 
  how large a proportion of a society should be in favour of independence before its accepted ? 
  even if 90 % of catalonians wanted independence then that 10 % of people who wanted to remain spanish would be losing their rights as spanish citizens . 
  equally questions of migration and belonging are raised . 
  brussels for examples is a french speaking city in a dutch speaking area , if walloon wanted independence should they take brussels with them ? 
  what about more modern migrants , if cities in the south of france that had have majority north african and arab populations are they entitled to vote and say they want to join algeria ? 
  not to mention the inevitable technical problems with balkanisation , in croatia and bosnia there are active movements to make their languages less illegible with each other - so ironically older parts of the language are more intelligible then more recent ones . 
  not to mention problems dividing state assets and the economic consequences of instability . 
  in fact i would say there are lots of reasons for territorial integrity to outweigh self-determination . 
  or its perfectly possible that he had trouble understanding what your friend was saying . 
  danish with an american accent is weird , so it might be the same in dutch . 
  and what are the social-political consequences of that ? 
  as has been experienced in many multi-lingual european countries one language eventually gains dominance making life more inconvenient for native speakers of smaller languages socially , and less important politically . 
  one way of combating this is ensuring that your language has priority in your areas , what happens on the individual level is relatively unimportant to the wider efforts of preserving your language . 
  sounds like we should have just accepted the directive ... 
  sometimes i do n't think i appreciate living on an island enough . 
  thanks guys , i thought it might be like how the nordic countries had a lot of cooperative agreements before the eu took over . 
  but i guess not !, 
  let me know when spain is going to hand back melilla and ceuta to morocco , otherwise they have n't got a leg to stand on . 
  mental , alcohol and gambling issues mainly :(, 
  its also really funny . 
  i always find it a bit strange when people say things like wwii is `` my favourite time in history '' . 
  true , other times its obvious . 
  like just then !, 
  well i guess it depends what you mean by button pushing then . 
  the drivers definitely control acceleration and deceleration when entering and leaving platforms , at signals and they control their speed when under way . 
  if you put it that way i do n't think train driving can ever be anything other than button pushing . 
  they are on rails after all !, 
  there 's no national rail train in the uk which is fully automated to button pushing , at the least drivers control the acceleration , breaking and doors . 
  you may be thinking of the dlr which was specifically built to be automated and is all above ground level . 
  however for various reasons that tech is difficult to apply to legacy rail . 
  copenhagen 's automated metro system is pretty sweet though . 
  is this a joke ? 
  weirdly one of favourite brand of trousers ( cheap monday ) are far cheaper in denmark than than in the uk . 
  normally its the other way around . 
  yeah they should definitely add a danish language module course requirement , at masters level as well . 
  this probably wo n't apply to swiss citizens, 
  that was a 10 sec google , i do n't have access to any medical journals at the mo but we can take it to ask science if you want - how would you phrase the question `` does working at night have health consequences even if done on a regular pattern ? '', 
  because we allow all sorts of things that are bad for health yet try not to encourage them ? 
  here 's a quick [ webmd link ] ( http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/excessive-sleepiness-10/shift-work?page=2 ) that lists all these diseases as linked to shift work . 
  google circadian rythym if you want to know more . 
  * cardiovascular disease . 
  * diabetes and metabolic syndrome * obesity * depression and mood disorders * serious gastrointestinal problems * problems with fertility and pregnancy * cancer, 
  please do , i 'd be interested . 
  can post it on / r/unitedkingdom, 
  yes . 
  i 'm very patriotic that way . 
  i also insist that colour has a u. . . 
  the sure sign of someone who gets all their information from the internet is when they use the word liberal as an insult for the left outside of america . 
  pointing out that you did n't understand what he wrote ? 
  it 's worse , it is actually fixed at 7.5 dkk to the eur , giving them all the inconveniences of a separate currency but none of the benefits of a truly floating one !, 
  because in all my time in germany i never met a single one that was n't completely understanding about british actions in wwii , which is why i found the statement  and how refreshing to find a german taking such a position . 
  pretty strange . 
  you do n't actually know any germans do you ? 
  south africa during apartheid ? 
  labour costs cover much more than just the wage paid to the employee , it includes various taxes , administration costs and other compensation ( such as insurance ) that the employer pays as part of hiring someone . 
  because its more rational to believe that a government minister went to prison for a parking ticket then think that maybe , just maybe there 's more to the story ? 
  i bet you read tabloid newspapers . 
  but stopping altogether would mean , stopping su for danish students as well , which i think is unlikely . 
  that 's why they have to find some sort of loophole in my opinion , i think language requirements are a good one . 
  i think it could end up being devastating - the danish university system has a big drive towards internationalism in order to get the best researchers and phds . 
  they ca n't afford to pay them all . 
  maybe they 'll start including mandatory danish language modules - with exams in danish in order to keep students away ? 
  there would have to be some sort of distinction between international students ( no money , no danish courses ) and domestic ( money but with danish courses exam and dissertation ) ? 
  trouble is that may not be what 's happening . 
  labour markets can often be imperfect .
