how many people in russia do you think speak fluent english ? 
  what about the [ western isles ] ( http://www.hebrides-news.com/western-isles-drought-6712.html ) !, 
  i think it almost had an impact on whisky production . 
  england is a subset of the uk - referring to the superset does n't make my original comment any less accurate . 
  because they 're pegged to it . 
  they get a lot of the downsides but miss out on a lot of the benefits . 
  we have every now and again in the uk . 
  hosepipe bans and everything . 
  also trying to stop catholics and protestants rioting . 
  but that applies to a lot of languages - why single out catalan ? 
   washing your dirty linen in public . 
  is a good phrase , that 's exactly how it felt looking at international coverage . 
  was there not any discussion on what an independent scotland would mean for northern ireland ? 
  considering they have close links with scotland then england and wales in many ways . 
  might have driven people towards supporting unification . 
  no because there 's no easy way of knowing if they have the right to work in the uk so it 's easy to bullshit your way around it . 
  same reason denmark does n't have such a big problem despite having a far more generous welfare system . 
  no registration means no work , house , bank account , social services etc. 
  all things that are easy to get as an undocumented migrant in the uk . 
  that 's nonsense there are plenty of wealthy russians here that get on perfectly well with the current regime . 
  people over here to avoid russia are prominent but i 'd argue only a minority . 
  i feel kinda proud nobody here has defended the british anthem . 
  we 're so humble !, 
  to be fair personal finances are quite location based . 
  uk isa 's are no more relevant to someone in germany then us 404 's are . 
  oh god , the irony in you posting this in a thread about non-us dominated subreddits is amazing . 
  it would be a secret trial in which he is n't allowed to know the evidence against him . 
  and can you point me to when waterboarding was banned as a usa interrogation technique ? 
  afaik bush vetoed congress attempt to do so . 
  and as what he did was almost definitely illegal where 's the benefit to him for going to live a lifetime in solitary confinement ? 
  yeah there are tonnes of them, 
  it 's , like , mild exaggeration at best . 
  does the whole world using arabic numerals make either indians or arabs privileged ? 
  it 's just such a strange thing to take pride in , and the names of places are n't even the same in all languages . 
  in other words a completely arbitrary concept . 
  an odd thing to describe as a privilege . 
  what is a continent ? 
  too early . 
  should ireland be asked to give up its neutrality as long as we 're all making sacrifices ? 
  yeah but the stats on accidents show virtually any alcohol usage increases risks of accidents . 
  but you 're not using their infrastructure once you 've bought the bread . 
  the economist is british . 
  or we could stop the eu subsidies !, 
  by that standard britain is still occupied by the french , so would it be the french taking back france from the french ? 
  i personally loved the format !, 
  do you think the eu ruling on funding to non-dutch students had an effect ? 
  i 'd love it if anyone knows more details on this in english . 
  well yeah , which is why  the very definition of fascism is elevating one group of people above another , which would be the case . 
  is a terrible definition . 
  right but in the context you posted the ` north cuba ' crack it implies that the us had trouble keeping cuban immigrants out despite them being separated by water . 
  similar to the situation between the eu and north africa . 
  that was n't the case as during the most well known wave of migration the us welcomed them . 
  if that was n't the comparison you were trying to draw i have no idea why you brought it up at all . 
  because the us government invited them as part of general anticommunist propaganda efforts ? 
  the answer to your question is that we have trials . 
  most countries do n't face the same situations as the usa because law enforcement is n't active in other countries . 
  for extreme situations in the uk people can be put under temporary house arrest while prosecution is ongoing . 
  that 's a pretty weak definition . 
  people are elevated over each other all the time , in work , politics or even that of citizens over non-citizens . 
  but it 's illegal to routinely stop people on those borders , you have to stop them on some sort of suspicion . 
  making that distinction tough to enforce !, 
  much as i disagree with it there 's nothing in the libertarian ideology that is anti-trademark . 
  people knowing who and what they 're buying is pretty inherent to the whole deal . 
  the eu and usa are the worlds biggest trading partners right now . 
  we 've been trading for a very long time . 
  except not really . 
  the major reason any of those armies are there are for post ww2 strategic reasons and end of colonisation type stuff . 
  nobody would be involved if it was just two ethnic groups hating each other . 
  would you have said the same thing to the irish ? 
  or currently to the scottish or the welsh ? 
  yeah sorry i did n't mean to put you on the spot , have just never heard it before . 
  clutch ? 
  if you note the source for that comment is the one that i posted above . 
  polish ethnicity / = polish . 
  thank you for your patience . 
  a pr nightmare with who ? 
  the swiss took advantage of a unique set of circumstances to get a really good deal out of the european union when it comes to access to the single market . 
  now that they are about to break the deal there 's no reason they should be able to keep all those deals . 
  which treaty are you talking about when you say they 're only breaking * one * treaty ? 
  or more like you 've broken your half of a trade deal so it will have to be renegotiated . 
  so what ? 
  the duty of governments is to do the best for their citizens . 
  if they can do it that by using access to the single market as a bribe so be it . 
  the swiss are not entitled to anything from the eu apart from what is signed in treaties . 
  [ this paper ] ( http://www.robparal.com/downloads/polish%20community%20in%20chicago.pdf ) says that in 2000 there were 139,000 polish immigrants in chicago , with 933,000 claiming polish descent in illinois as a whole . 
  i bet that 's less actual polish citizens then are in london . 
  it 's weird we use french as both a compliment and an insult . 
  i do n't think that 's actually true . 
  it 's often repeated but there 's an article somewhere that used census data to prove it false . 
  maybe you 're just limited in where you go ? 
  he was suggesting that part of democracy is being able to complain . 
  could always make it a loan dependent on working for the system afterwards . 
  then you would have the choice of not accepting the loans and financing your education yourself if you so wished . 
  this is terrible and an embarrassment to the italian justice system - especially since someone else has already been convicted of the murder !, 
  because that puts the costs on not having gmo on the non-gmo using farmers , each of those certification programmes has substantial costs associated with it for farmers . 
  einstein you can find stories like that from almost every country - remember how the horse meat scandal was pan-european ? 
  or closer to home the several meat scandals that have struck danish supermarkets like superbest ? 
  or what about maple syrup , fun fact more maple syrup is sold every year then actually produced - do you intend to give that up as well ? 
  there 's nothing unethical about it - when you join a coalition government you 're making a decision about whether what it does is in line ( enough ) with what your voters want . 
  in the danish system the party with the most votes gets to form the government .
