  yeah but the commonwealth is a talking shop . 
  its completely misleading to compare it in anyway to the eu in its integration and capabilities . 
  not really relevant , countries will negotiate in their own best interests and if that 's signing an agreement with a bigger , richer trading block that 's what they 'll do . 
  sentimentality wo n't come into it . 
  so we should carry on doing something that 's actively damaging , politically , economically and socially just in case it might be useful in the future ? 
  ` realize ' that 's an interesting word to use . 
  direct farm payments ( subsidies ) made up 31 % of the eus $ 150bn budget , rural development is only 11 % . 
  would n't it be nice to spend that money on actually useful things ? 
  securing food production has n't been an issue since the 1950 's , there is no need for us to produce all the food we need ( and we do n't anyway ) . 
  supporting newly joined countries can be done in any number of better ways , through infrastructure spending , direct transfers or governance support . 
  yeah i think he 's mixing the cause and the effect . 
  people do n't hate brussels , they hate the decisions * made * in brussels . 
  if you moved it they would just hate somewhere else . 
  pretty sure its the opposite - boys do better in classes with girls , girls do better in single sex classes . 
  that 's an awful link . 
  it just makes the argument that cap can be assumed to have certain multiplier effects so it contributes more than the 1.7 % of gdp that is measured . 
  well yes spending money on anything technically increases gdp , that 's why you end up with all those ghost malls and housing in china . 
  the question is if that money could be better spent and not disproportionally benefit a small segment of society . 
  regional development is however an eu matter and they could be spending those billions on infrastructure that helps tie together europe as a continent and provides benefits to all its citizens . 
  second choice would be elimination of the cap but that 's just crazy talk !, 
  he also wanted to join us in a union with france . 
  he was not the most consistent person . 
  pretty sure i know exactly what that link is without looking , also : strange no !, 
  what are you doing !, 
  technically this comment is part of the issue :-) i mean this with all kindness but its impossible to have a conversation on the internet without having to define things on american terms . 
  otherwise you end up having to explain to a bunch of people `` no that 's not actually what i meant by liberal '' when its a use of political language common across the rest of the world . 
  no-ones to blame but there 's just so many of you guys that it nice to create our own perspective on things sometimes . 
  no you would n't ? 
  mainland britain is pretty comfortable knowing that ireland ( the whole of it ) does n't count as pat of the british isles anymore . 
  definitions change . 
  sea invasions are incredibly difficult organisational tasks . 
  far more so t then building a wall over decades . 
  so what should happen to children removed from families ? 
  that website specifically says , `` the colors red , white , and blue did not have meanings for the stars and stripes when it was adopted in 1777 . '', 
  do you have any evidence that the creators of the flag attributed the same meaning to the colours ? 
  it 's the first i 've heard of it and sounds a little like it was made up after the fact . 
  not to mention that pre independence flags are pretty much the same . 
  northern ireland is the reason for that last part . 
  you imply that those same biases do n't exist in the other news organisations you follow , which is not necessarily true . 
  regardless their focus on africa , asia and latin america blows most other news organisations out of the water , almost every news show will have in depth reporting from one of those areas . 
  they also very often have local reporters which gives a vastly different view of things . 
  do n't you have the openly selecting your ballot paper thing ? 
  so people know who you 're voting for anyway ? 
  nafta has been fantastic for mexico ... 
  it does undermine your initial statement though . 
  its 1000 miles to the cost of argentina , a f22 has a range of 2000 miles , so we could bomb a beach and get home safely . 
  i 'm sure south america is quaking in its boots . 
  how can it project power and influence when its nowhere near any major cities or trade routes ? 
  can british fighter even reach buenos aires from there ? 
  and the , oil is in extremely deep water beneath a salt shelf , even before the shale developments it was too impractical/expensive to develop . 
  how on earth are they strategically important ? 
  they 're like 1000 miles away from any major city or trade route . 
  what 's fair got to do with it ? 
  it simply is . 
  pretty common myth actually , switzerland has been conquered a number of times . 
  this reason the nazis did n't invade is because they were useful too germany . 
  i think you 're missing some key steps here . 
  immigration between australia , canada and the uk had a complicated history and some of the steps the uk took were after australia implemented similar measures . 
  i actually believe uk s aims will be good for the eu as a whole . 
  most eu migrants are n't they 're to take advantage of benefits but lowering hostility to internal migration will slow more people to move to where jobs are . 
  bad example , west germany was under closer supervision for a long time and east germany was closely controlled . 
  is more likely weapons would be used to attack someone then defend yourself , you can proper spray someone aggressively despot the advertising . 
  but they did n't say anything - it 's just anonymous eu official ( tm ), 
  that single apostrophe made me read your comment in a yorkshire accent . 
  in zlotys maybe . 
  more so than the actual war on ukraine ? 
  moving to denmark and germany was so much simpler than i 've heard from any of my friends who have moved to other countries, 
  it doesnt really work that way when you 're looking for a skilled person . 
  that 's a massive additional on cost even if you 're hiring someone for 30,000 !, 
  the gambia , the congo and the sudan are also frowned upon in diplomatic language . 
  of course you personally can call it whatever you want . 
  we do n't call ukraine the ukraine any more , it gets a bit political ( distinguishing the russian region historically referred to as the ukraine vs the country called ukraine ) . 
  also danish has a few weird countries that given a definitive article , like lebanon and shit . 
  i am fantastically pro the idea of europe . 
  what i object to is the idea that the uk is a particularly bad european citizen as it stands now . 
  the excuse is that france has shown itself to be just as bad at `` being a part '' of anything and they claim to be utterly pro further integration . 
  except that france uses the eu in the exact same way as the uk does . 
  as an excuse to push its own policy preferences - cf cap and fisheries policy . 
  the military aid argument is incorrect - i 'll try and find a better cite as i do n't know the numbers of the top of my head but the us has given billion 's in direct economic and military loans since the 1970 's . 
  [ see this ] ( http://www.hcs.harvard.edu/~hireview/content.php?type=article&amp;issue=spring04/&amp;name=feith )  annual aid packages for israel have held steady in the $ 2-3 billion range since 1974 , although the breakdown of the packages has changed . 
  when the level was first set , the package was pretty evenly split between grants and loans . 
  military assistance , known as foreign military financing ( fmf ) , slightly exceeded economic aid , known as economic support funds ( esf ) . 
  in 1981 , israel began receiving its full economic aid in grants , and four years later , all its military assistance became grants as well . 
  by 1987 , the amount of military and economic assistance -- $ 1.8 billion and $ 1.2 billion , respectively -- was at the level at which it would remain for 12 years . 
  loan guarantees do have an economic cost btw as they lower the receivers cost of borrowing relative to the giver as that debt is taken into consideration for sovereign debt interest rates . 
  in all those other cases the uk knows exactly who the money is going to as well . 
  knowing things is whole lot easier then doing anything about it . 
  well since the 1970 's israel has cost america between $ 1-2 trillion dollars in economic and military aid as well as [ loan guarantees ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/2002/1209/p16s01-wmgn.html ) . 
  as for the article , yes development aid often goes to shady people . 
  that is a fact of life , what governments try and work out , is whether the benefits outweigh the costs . 
  on a purely instrumental basis you can say that the british govt . 
  thinks that improving the standards of living will prevent terrorism by this much vs the damage done by some of the money going to terrorist 's in prison . 
  other horrible things aid money goes towards ; food to north korea helps stabilise the government and lets them torture their citizens more . 
  military sales to saudi arabia entrench a widely hated government . 
  eu development aid to the balkans was siphoned of by criminal groups involved in drugs and forced prostitution . 
  stability funds in rwanda have helped a ( stable ) dictator come to power . 
  economic aid often causes violence as groups fight over profits . 
  in virtually all of these cases imho the benefits outweigh the costs . 
  just because the author attempts to link it back to emotional arguments over welfare does n't disguise the hard calculations . 
  according to eu citizens .
