  i do n't think germany or the other lenders expect to get much of the money back from greece , so i 'm not sure why there is always a discussion about the debt . 
  the debt is n't the main problem in greece , it 's just a symptom . 
  after a debt relief greece would probably need another bail out in no time . 
  i 'm sure that there would be talks about debt relief , if the lenders had complete trust in greece and their future governments . 
  greece broke promises in the past and i do n't think anyone trusts the current greek government . 
  the comparison to the debt relief after the second world war is n't a good one , because the allies did n't have to trust the german government , they controlled the government and the policies in germany . 
  most people here do n't like populist politicians and he 's a prime example . 
  he used his time as a minister to increase his popularity , so that he can make more money with speeches and articles in the future . 
  he promised a lot , but did n't achieve anything other than making the situation worse for greece and he jumped ship before it gets really ugly . 
  what 's there to like ? 
  national socialism has very little in common with socialism and communism . 
  hitler and the nazis were clearly anti-communist . 
  it 's no secret . 
   fascism and communism are twins . 
  so much so , that if national-socialism is considered a kind of fascism , so shall be communism . 
  you probably also think that north korea is democratic because it 's called `` the democratic people 's republic of korea '' . 
   wessis in particular , ossis still seem kind of normal ( as do austrians ) . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  politically , there are more extremists ( left and right ) in the east and there are also more people who support putin there . 
  i did n't make any judgement . 
  i just pointed out what a `` bailout '' is supposed to be . 
  look at my last sentence :  whether a default would have been better than the bailout is another topic of discussion . 
  they saved greece from default . 
  that 's pretty much the point of bailouts . 
  if the eurozone only wanted to save they banks , they could have bailed out the european ( minus greece ) banks . 
  220 billion : * 86.9 billion euros was used for the repayment of old debts * 52.3 billion for the payment of interest * 37.3 billion euros for the recapitalization of greek banks * 9.7 billion euros for the greek budget if greece wanted to prevent a default , they would have had to pay all the above mentioned billions from they own budget . 
  that obviously would n't be possible . 
  i really do n't see anything surprising or controversial about the story . 
  whether a default would have been better than the bailout is another topic of discussion . 
  closing the borders does n't reduce the number of refugees in the eu . 
  so it 's not a solution for the eu , but it definitely helps every country north of greece . 
  the deal with turkey is a possible solution for the whole eu , if it works properly . 
  we 've have to wait and see . 
  with the turkey deal the closed borders are useful to help to enforce the policies . 
  now we need a deal or another strategy with libya . 
  just closing the borders to italy wo n't be a solution on it 's own . 
  germany has problems with far right terrorism . 
  the nsu ( national socialist underground ) trial was and still is pretty big in the news . 
  the burning of refugee buildings is probably also regarded as terrorist attacks by this paper . 
  i do n't know which hdi numbers they were using , but their 2010 and 2015 rankings are already way off . 
  economic reasons . 
  germany has a big coal industry with many jobs in that industry and as far as i know brown coal is the cheapest fossil fuel and germany has big reserves . 
  if i remember correctly germany wants to phase out coal till 2040 ( compared to 2022 for nuclear power ) . 
   her popularity went through the roof that 's completely false . 
  she was very popular with high approval ratings before the refugee crisis . 
  http://assets.bwbx.io/images/itu_zve4rfte/v2/-1x-1.png her popularity only dropped . 
  in the tweets she did n't quote merkel . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  she did n't quote anyone . 
  that 's the fundamental problem . 
  she was even surprised that germany `` suddenly '' talked about deportations . 
  that shows you how misinformed she is . 
  there was always talk about deportations . 
  it reminds me of the obama is a [ muslim ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nid-srvdt3a ) / born in kenya/birth certificate sort of thing . 
  where did it came from ? 
  is obama to blame for that misinformation ? 
  are people who clear up the misconceptions obama 's election campaigners ? 
  you could probably find thousands of tweets about that topic . 
  to clear up the `` arrogance '' : i thought you added the `` 516.000 hits '' to make a point . 
  otherwise i do n't see a reason to add the number . 
  i said that you do n't understand google because the number of hits obviously does n't mean anything . 
  i also addressed the articles in my post . 
  you should n't add the number of hits to avoid any confusion in the future . 
  i do n't agree with the rest of your post , but you 've probably guessed that . 
  here 's not really the place for that discussion . 
  did you even read my post ? 
  i said op would n't have made the effort if the misinformation was n't out there . 
  i know that there is a lot of bullshit out there . 
  there is a reason why there are mostly opinion articles and the word `` invite '' is mostly used in the comment section of the news sites . 
  the only exception is the `` i 'm syrian , you have to treat me nicely . 
  frau merkel invited me . '' quote , which obviously comes from a individual who is n't very well informed and who 's probably drunk . 
  first , i do n't think you know how google works ( just try out some searches like `` hitler '' / `` sarkozy '' / `` cameron '' and `` invite '' etc. ) . 
  secondly , the whole point of op 's post was to clear up the misinformation . 
  he would n't have made the effort if the misinformation was n't out there . 
  if you want to blame someone , blame the people who help to spread the misinformation ( journalists and people on reddit/twitter/facebook / ... ) . 
  it helps you with what ? 
  what do you even mean ? 
  this post just helps to clear up some misconceptions some people have on this subreddit ( or reddit in general ) . 
  i do n't see how it 's a bad thing , no matter what opinion/bias you have . 
  it 's always a good to stick to facts . 
  the linked twitter posts do n't mention merkel once . 
  they also do n't tell where the misinformation comes from and what policies/statements were misinterpreted . 
  merkel also wants fewer refugees , so there is no disagreement . 
  1 ) the greek government choose to ignore the greek people and the referendum when it accepted the bail-out instead of defaulting . 
  the government was elected by the greek people . 
  you obviously ca n't make a referendum about what happens with the money of other countries . 
  2 ) i did n't make any judgement in my post . 
  i just pointed out that there are two sides , one supports national solution and one supports a european solution . 
  that 's also the topic of debate in germany : merkel 's critics want a national solution , merkel 's supporters want a european solution . 
  both sides want less refugees but not at every cost ( except maybe the most extreme who would shoot at refugees/migrants ) . 
  these countries support national solutions . 
  it 's not a european solution if it excludes greece . 
  they are asked to remove all hate-speech in germany . 
  with isis it goes farther because germany banned all activities which promote the group . 
  i agree , that 's why i think that there will be a deal but people wo n't like it . 
  maybe turkey will force the eu to take part of their refugees . 
  i mean the people in turkey are n't happy with having so many refugees either , so erdogan has to achieve something which looks like a success to boost his popularity . 
  it may be a solution for germany but it 's not really a solution for eu as a whole , especially for greece and italy . 
  they ca n't build a wall in the sea . 
  the only solution is to make a deal with turkey/libya and other countries where the refugees are coming from .
