  it 'll be expensive and nobody will be happy . 
  instead of calling me revisionist , why do n't you just provide the quotes and prove me wrong ? 
  if statements like this would exist , it would be very easy to find one . 
  you even talk about replaying the statement , so just do it . 
  that 's not even close to `` everyone is welcome '' . 
  she talks about integration of the refugees ( who are already there ) . 
  even in that article you linked she says that germany ca n't take everyone . 
  also the quotes are about refugees . 
  that 's not `` everyone '' . 
  merkel/germany explicitly stated that economic migrants are n't welcome . 
  if you talk about the government and not some random germans , i would love to see the statement because i never saw it . 
  so please `` replay '' the statement for me . 
  an actual quote from merkel or another minister would be nice . 
  demanding a formal limit is purely political , because it 's impracticable and unconstitutional . 
  merkel already said that she wants to reduce the influx of people and so did many other politicians who are against the limit . 
   he also brought up the fact that germany destroyed warsaw during world war ii . 
  `` we are speaking in warsaw . 
  warsaw was destroyed by the germans , '' blaszczak said . 
  `` i think that mr. martin schulz would not formulate such statements in relation to israel . 
  it also shows our position in the international arena , our weak position in the world arena . '', 
  what a weird thing to say . 
  before you think about searching for new political parties , walking with pegida or writing a letter , you should ask yourself what you really want . 
  just being against refugees is n't enough . 
  very few people or political parties `` want '' refugees to come . 
  the far right parties are usually promoting solutions which only benefit their nation . 
  hungary 's fence is an example which benefits hungary , but makes the situation worse for it 's neighbors . 
  just being against refugees is like being against an economic recession . 
  if there are no realistic proposals attached to your stance , nobody will listen . 
  obviously there are no easy solution for the refugee problem and every possible suggestion will draw negative reactions from some people . 
  choose a party which asks for the specific things you want . 
  just because a group as a whole is worse does n't mean that everyone in that group is worse . 
  it 's like having to work in a shitty group in school or university . 
  you ca n't organize anything when the people in your group are stupid and lazy . 
  it takes one guy to burn the tents , it takes a couple of selfish assholes to start a fight for food . 
  the right thing to do would be to find and punish the bad apples , but i do n't think the police have the manpower and the resources to do that as long as the refugee numbers are so high . 
  i think financial support is a given when you expect turkey to keep and take back refugees . 
  that 's an incredible uneducated post which ignores everything what happened in the refugee crisis . 
  what germany did in the refugee crisis was done so to help greece and that was interpreted as an invitation by some . 
  merkel also did n't ask the eu to come together to help her . 
  she wants a quota system so that the refugees would be distributed from the bordering states like greece to the eu states . 
  on the other hand greece got very cheap credits which they never could have got on the free market . 
  they averted a default with the help of the eu which would hit the greek people much harder than anything else . 
  greece also got a $ 100 billion debt cut which is more than what the refugee crisis will probably cost in this decade or in total . 
  sure , greece wanted more money and a bigger debt cut , but you ca n't say that they did n't get any help . 
  the article only mentioned merkel in the title . 
  it 's mostly about pictures of welcoming/helpful germans ( at train stations ) which made it to west africa , not about anything merkel said . 
  well , i have to disagree . 
  it 's the responsibility frontex ( eu + schengen ) , but that 's a different topic . 
  uk suggested that we take refugees directly from the camps , but they did n't have a solution for how we take care of the refugees who come to greece . 
  if we make a deal with turkey , we can send the refugees back from greece to turkey . 
  right now they do n't have to take anyone back who arrived in greece or who even got on the boat and left turkey 's coast . 
  without a deal , it does n't even make sense to talk about other ways to get refugees to europe . 
  germany did already take 100k + refugees from un camps in the last years , so it 's not like it 's an entirely new suggestion . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about the number , but that 's what i remember hearing in an interview with a german politican . 
  it 's nice to see a post with some realistic suggestions which do n't leave any eu countries exposed . 
  however , apart from the last point , it 's already pretty much the position of merkel/germany . 
  if the listed points are what you want , i do n't thing it 's fair to call merkel `` resistant to any action '' . 
  she does n't want to build a wall around germany , but she pretty much wants what you suggested . 
  it 's just not something that germany can do alone . 
  first it was n't merkel and second it was an early statistical prediction of how many refugee germany can expect in 2015 . 
  it was neither a limit nor an announcement on how many they will take . 
  if people really interpreted that as an invitation , i 'm sure nobody can say anything anymore about the topic without being misinterpreted . 
  if you want to blame someone , blame the media or the smugglers . 
  what speech or wording are you referring to ? 
  i guess if you make a statement like that you have probably a specific speech or quote in mind . 
  what line are you talking about ? 
  people who come from ukraine , georgia , armenia and serbia have to go through the same asylum process like people from pakistan and nigeria , so i do n't know what you 're referring to . 
  the chances that they get asylum are very low for people from the mentioned countries . 
  there are obviously exceptions ( maybe ukrainians from the donbass area , pakistanis who are n't safe in their country , etc. ), 
  i do n't know what merkel , germany or any other european states did exactly to protect the schengen border . 
  i know nothing about the specifics and i do n't care enough to inform myself . 
  here is one of her suggestions to protect the border : http://en.protothema.gr/merkel-to-propose-greece-partly-hands-over-national-control-of-borders-to-stem-refugees/ i just pointed out what she says in almost every speech or interview . 
  the last time was just yesterday in 1 hour interview on tv , but i 've heard it multiple times . 
  she definitely never advocated `` complete open borders at the outside of schengen '' like you said . 
  why do n't you just say economic migrants instead of listing individual countries ? 
  yes , economic migrants do n't get asylum . 
  is it now a bad thing ? 
  i really do n't understand this subreddit nowadays . 
  he 's right . 
  merkel constantly advocates for more border controls at the outside of the eu . 
  the cdu politicans talk about the german border ( mostly with austria ) and merkel does n't think that that will fix anything , because refugee would find another way and germany would have to build a wall around germany . 
  border controls would probably only help the towns in bavaria , but not germany and definitely not the eu . 
  she said that religious freedom is n't negotiable and it is n't . 
  not sure why you leave out the important part of the quote . 
  scientology is n't banned and scientologists are n't discriminated . 
  a refugee who follows the church of scientology would have the same rights as a christian refugee . 
  everyone is free to believe what they want as long as they do n't break any rule . 
  so no , religious freedom is n't negotiable . 
  we have laws against hate speech . 
  the individuals who do this would get a fine or might even go to prison . 
  you think that a selfie with a refugee is an invitation or even a reason for anyone to start the trip to europe ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  there is also pressure on all countries , uk included . 
  he 's also right . 
  we ca n't stop the influx of refugees . 
  the only thing germany can do legally is to send them back to greece or other eu countries . 
  syria is a warzone , turkey/lybia and the other transit countries do n't have to take anyone back . 
  so what 's your solution ? 
  shoot the refugees ? 
  sink their boats/ships ?
