that 's not true . 
  the referendum was n't legitimate and certainly not recognized by most nations . 
  there were no neutral observers , the public was n't really informed about the consequences , it was done very hastily and under russian occupation . 
  they could have made up every result they wanted . 
  obviously , you can interpret laws differently but usually the party who has the support of the international community is in the right . 
  in this case it 's definitely not russia who has very little international support in that matter . 
  to take nilbop 's example : you ca n't just announce a referendum in your house or in your street . 
  it would n't be legal under international law . 
  it 's not always like that . 
  sometimes the river belongs fully to one country . 
  here is an example that comes to mind : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7cwajaox4e ( the river belongs to east berlin/east germany and the refugees try to reach the other side ) . 
  you ca n't legally participate in a war ( like afghanistan ) at the age of 17 in the bundeswehr . 
  russia is isolating itself with it 's actions in ukraine . 
  i do n't get the chart . 
  can somebody explain it , especially the 2010 , 2012 and 2014 graphs ? 
  the 2008 graph looks like constant 2 % growth without any crisis . 
  the other three have lower growth in the first years but they obviously ignore the economic crisis in 2008 and the euro crisis . 
  i thought that higher inflation is good for germany as one of the biggest exporting nations . 
  why does a low inflation keep germany wealthy in comparison to the other economies ? 
  it 's a honest question , not criticism . 
  the author is a right wing populist and makes most of his money with islamophobia ( books , speeches ) . 
  he 's very shady and not very trustworthy . 
  that 's probably just another book to make lots of money . 
  german conspiracy theorists love his website and books , but otherwise no one takes him seriously . 
  it was already posted 4 days ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hm455/joseph_e_stiglitz_europes_austerity_zombies/, 
  the russian propaganda machine would have loved such a quote from obama before the ukraine crisis . 
  it was a very dumb thing to say from romney while running for president . 
  does n't matter if he 's right or not . 
  that 's interesting . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 'm not sure which rules apply when you transcribe a language . 
  in german `` ya '' and `` ja '' is pronounced in the same way . 
  the english google translate voice also pronounces both in the same way ( not energija/energiya , though ) . 
  like i said , every country has free speech exceptions and every country has the right to determent what they allow and what they do n't allow as long as they follow some basic rules . 
  i think the eu has probably some rules regarding free speech which every government has to follow within the eu . 
  in my opinion a swastika or a isis flag is more harmful to the society then ( almost ) any obscenity , but opinions can vary and that 's fine by me . 
  there is no moral high ground in that question , though . 
  i 'm just annoyed that some people think that unconditional free speech exists anywhere . 
  it does n't and it should n't . 
  it 's a complex issue . 
  it 's a little bit more than just libel , slander and public safety . 
  an example : print a child pornography picture on a big flag , go to a public area and wave the flag advocating child pornography . 
  i doubt that the police would n't do anything in that case even though it 's not directly harmful to anyone . 
  just a normal pornographic picture would probably be enough in the us because of the obscenity . 
  here is a list i found : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_free_speech_exceptions, 
  in that case freedom of speech does n't exist anywhere because every country has free speech exceptions . 
  computer games are n't officially recognized as art in germany yet . 
  i think it was the lugansk airport . 
  are you talking about voice overs ? 
  dubbing in germany is n't really dry and monotonous . 
  sometimes it can be even less dry than the original . 
  there are reasons for dubbing : - some people ca n't speak english and do n't want to learn it through television ( in germany : older generation , especially from the east , foreigners , etc ) - it 's easier to follow . 
  you do n't have to read , you do n't have to concentrate . 
  some people just watch tv to relax or while working on something else . 
  - sometimes you ca n't watch the facial expressions and gestures while reading the subtitles during dialog . 
  if i buy/download movies and tv series i usually get them in english , but i do n't mind watching dubbed shows on tv where i do n't watch every episode or even every season ( dr. house , community , malcolm in the middle , scrubs , ... ) . 
  i grew up watching bruce willis dubbed in german and when i heard him for the first time in english i thought that his original voice was a little bit dull at first , especially because his voice actor in germany had a very distinctive voice . 
  you should n't lump all western media together . 
  in german television there is a lot of talk , if sanction will help , if they are necessary and what the sanction should aim at . 
  in talk shows they often try to get people who represent different opinion ( pro-russian/neutral/pro-ukraine ) . 
  there is no `` western media '' . 
  even in germany there is different coverage depending on the newspaper/tv channel/etc . 
  because there are different companies involved + state media . 
  it is n't 90 % government controlled media like in russia with a predefined agenda . 
  oh , you were talking about the times before and during maidan ? 
  i do n't think that it really matters a lot . 
  yes , a big part on the maidan wanted to have closer relationship with the eu , which is n't automatically anti-russia . 
  yanukovich himself wanted closer relationship with the eu , that 's why he negotiated the deal with the eu for a long time . 
  then there were the small nationalist groups , who probably were more anti-russia than pro-eu , but they were n't representative for the whole maidan . 
  that 's who russia and the media focused on almost exclusively . 
  as long as there are russian troops in ukraine ( that 's how the eu sees it ) they will and have every right to impose these sanctions . 
  europe does n't `` escalate '' the conflict . 
  they punish/sanction russia for escalating the conflict ( the new troop incursion ~ one week ago ) and doing very little to deescalate it . 
  russia ca n't even argue that the eu is escalating the conflict with these sanctions , because they tell everyone that they are not involved in the conflict . 
  right now the ceasefire is fragile and even with a ceasefire , it 's still a frozen conflict , which is very far from a peaceful state . 
  i did n't downvote you , but if you do n't want downvotes , you should try to post with a more diplomatic tone , especially if you make a pro-russian statement here . 
  something like `` could n't the sanction have a negative influence on this conflict ? '', 
  might be better when it comes to downvotes . 
  russia started calling everyone in kiev fascists from the start , so where is their education/diplomacy/logic / ... ? 
  if you tell lies and support a separatist movement/civil war which is based almost solely on these lies , it 's hard for the ukraine politicians not to lose some of their rationality when it comes to russia . 
  i do n't like a lot of things which come out of kiev , but the ukraine politicians are less of a problem than the russian government and their state media when it comes to diplomacy . 
  he is at a press conference right at this moment . 
  it 's a blog post on a book review site ( ? 
  ) , not a scientific paper and not even a news article . 
  there is really no need to lump all western media together . 
  barroso also instantly leaked a part of the conversation to the media . 
  it wo n't help future diplomatic efforts . 
  http://gdb.rferl.org/3dfd9930-33d5-4420-8805-7d9a0c7ae6ed_cx0_cy25_cw0_mw1024_s_n.png that 's the gas prices europe pays . 
  i do n't think that germany stands out that much . 
  also less than 40 % of our gas comes from russia , so it 's not like germany is totally without alternatives like some nations in the east . 
  sure , russia has their reasons why they offer better deals to germany and some other countries , but that does n't mean that there is a special relationship . 
  if that was the case , germany would have a special relation with almost every relevant country in one particular area . 
  also germany is one of the biggest trading partners with a lot of countries . 
  that 's definitely not something special for one of the nations who export the most . 
  russia is n't even a top 10 trading partner of germany in regard of exports . 
  i do n't know if they do it officially , but i 've heard climate change skepticism multiple times from afd politicians . 
  if you are german , you can find google for information . 
  here is an example : http://www.taz.de/!124495/, 
  they are seen as being controversial , because they are populist party . 
  they support russia in ukraine conflict .
