  that 's pretty much the only way to stop the influx of refugees and i 'm sure that every decent person does n't want that . 
  to be fair , if you cheat on this scale , you do n't want to inform too many people . 
  people could sell this information to the media or blackmail vw because it 's a big deal . 
  the quality control probably checks if they pass the standardized emission tests . 
  even without the cheat software , they optimize the emissions for these tests and probably do n't care about anything else . 
  that shows you the state of the media today . 
  she explained it in almost every speech and interview she gave , but for some reason everybody ignores it . 
  i 've seen some good and accurate english articles , but they are usually not upvoted here on reddit , so i guess nobody reads them . 
  people love the yellow press and the first factually completely wrong english articles that i read came from great britain . 
  i guess most of the world used them as the reference . 
  here 's one example of good journalism ( being factual with some explanations , not emotional ) . 
  there were others , but i do n't want to look for them : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/08/26/germanys-small-yet-important-change-to-the-way-it-deals-with-syrian-refugees/ in the media it went like this : germany does n't send syrians back to greece/italy to take pressure of them , they still have to go through the asylum process -  germany/merkel welcomes syrians , they get their asylum instantly -  germany/merkel invites syrians -  germany/merkel invites all refugees -  germany/merkel invites all migrants and grants everyone asylum, 
  here is another study/survey . 
  the numbers look totally different . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2014/05/pg-2014-05-12-eu-4-04.png http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-4-views-of-roma-muslims-jews/, 
  can you provide any source that they ( the governments of greece/ireland/spain ) were against bailing out their banks and that merkel forced them to do so against their will ? 
  and how did merkel do it ? 
  if it happened it should be very easy to find many credible sources . 
  but then he 'd be wrong . 
  spain requested aid to bail out its banks . 
  that seemed to be the issue :  mr. rajoy wanted the rules changed , or at least bent , so the money went directly to the banks and spain could claim more convincingly it had not received a bailout . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  which countries were forced to bailout their banks by merkel ? 
  she also said at the end of 2015 that she does n't believe in multiculturalism and that immigrants have to adopt german culture and values and learn the german language . 
  it 's a statement about the integration of immigrants/refugees and not a statement against immigrants . 
  for some reason people mix it up . 
  her opinion did n't change regarding multiculturalism . 
  stiglitz , as well as krugman , was probably one of the most vocal critics of the euro and austerity ( and germany ) during the euro-crisis . 
  he even campaigned for the `` no '' vote in greece 's pointless referendum . 
  anybody who cares about stiglitz ' opinion should already know what he thinks of the euro , so this article really does n't add anything . 
  even with the drachma austerity would be inevitable . 
  that 's not the correct list . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most who applied for asylum in hungary are n't currently in hungary and wo n't end up there . 
  you are right , though , germany does n't have the most refugees per capita . 
  it 's sweden . 
  not sure about austria . 
  that 's a horrible explanation for a blatant lie . 
  if you think that she did n't act early enough , just say it . 
  there is no need for such mental gymnastics . 
  that 's not what populism is . 
  anyway , i doubt merkel 's position will change in that regard . 
  she was always for securing of the eu border ( turkey deal ) and against closing the german border ( what the domestic opposition wanted ) . 
  i do n't see that changing . 
  when it comes to eu refugee quotas , which she wanted even before 2015 , the popular opinion did n't and wo n't change ( the german population still want them ) . 
  `` thanks merkel '' is becoming the european equivalent to `` thanks obama '' and it 's as annoying/stupid . 
  putin is n't the safe choice . 
  with his military excursions in ukraine and georgia ( and syria ) , the annexation of krim , russia 's unstable economy , his dick measuring contests with many countries ( usa , eu , turkey , etc. ), 
  he 's definitely not the safe/stable choice . 
  he 's the nationalistic choice . 
  it 's not a lie because there are still rules which everyone has to follow like the free movement of people , which is pretty much part of the definition of the single market ( see first sentence of the wikipedia article ) . 
  sure , if the uk accepts all these rules , they can stay in the single market with some exception like norway and switzerland . 
  how is sch\u00e4uble lying when your argument was part of the question ? 
   spiegel : but britain could continue to enjoy the benefits of the single market without being an eu member , in the same way that switzerland and norway do . 
    sch\u00e4uble : that wo n't work . 
  it would require the country to abide by the rules of a club from which it currently wants to withdraw . 
  if the majority in britain opts for brexit , that would be a decision against the single market . 
  in is in . 
  out is out . 
  one has to respect the sovereignty of the british people . 
  that 's all he said about the single market . 
  i do n't understand what wwii or hans frank have to do with copernicus ' nationality . 
  that are two pointless wikipedia articles . 
  here is the one you should have linked : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicolaus_copernicus#nationality, 
  can you provide some examples where speaking out against minorities is considered a hate crime ? 
  i hope you do n't think that random people on facebook and twitter are considered a reliable source . 
  he said :  ( even if the per capita rate is worse for muslims ) and you try to prove him wrong with `` per capita '' stats . 
  as long as it 's one of the major religions using just the religion to judge an individual person is completely pointless . 
  everyone who met and spend time with different christians , muslims , jews , atheists , etc. 
  should now this . 
  so what 's good about trump ? 
  he 's an incompetent populist and egomaniac who likes to group and judge people based on religion and origin . 
  there is a lot of legitimate criticism about trump . 
  i 'm sure most europeans would dislike trump if they just saw his interviews and his twitter tantrums without any journalistic commentary . 
  as long as he acts like journalists and judges are his opponents , he will have to live with accusations of fascism . 
  it 's very good news . 
  she 's an embarrassment on twitter . 
  that 's not what 's happening here . 
  we have the separation of powers in germany . 
  the judicial branch decides what is fake and what is n't fake news , not the executive . 
  it also decides if the law is constitutional or not . 
  i 'm pointing out the wrong statement in the tartyron 's post , no matter where it came from . 
  so the swing in opinion regarding the refugee-crisis happened in september 2015 in the media and there were reports of problems even before that . 
  that shows that op 's post was factually incorrect . 
   the authors of the scientific report by the media school in hamburg and the university of leipzig say that the largest german media ** uncritically ** supported the angla merkel migration policy between 2015 and 2016 , neglecting its control role . 
  that 's definitely not true . 
  there was a lot of criticism . 
  nobody could even argue that `` die welt '' supported merkel considering how many negative articles and opinion pieces they put out about that topic . 
  so you think that non-white and non-christians do n't experience xenophobia and racism in britain ? 
  that 's incredibly ignorant . 
  1 ) she did n't . 
  that 's my point . 
  2 ) i have no clue what migrants were saying . 
  they ca n't speak german and i 'm pretty sure that smugglers will tell them everything to get their money . 
  the independend article is horrible journalism , especially the title . 
  germany announced at the time that they temporarily would n't send syrians back to greece or other eu states they first registered in . 
  the reasons were pretty obvious : greece could n't handle the masses and germany wanted the eu countries to keep registering new arrivals instead of just waving them through . 
  it 's not even remotely an invitation . 
  edit : even if you misinterpret the whole announcement , we 're only talking about syrians here . 
  when did germany invite anyone ? 
  stop making things up .
