  there can be differences and opposition within the parties of this coalition . 
  there were people from merkel 's party who voted against the bail out for greece for example , because they were n't happy with the deal . 
  so to keep everybody reasonably happy they ca n't move too far away from centrist politics , otherwise the left of spd or the right of cdu/csu would rebel . 
  i personally prefer a grand coalition over cdu/csu + fdp or spd + greens , but that 's my personal opinion . 
  i just hope that populists like die linke ( far left ) and afd ( far right ) wo n't make in the government , but i think neither cdu/csu nor spd will form a coalition with populists , because they could lose a lot of centrist voters in the next election . 
  what if a criminal refuses to get into the police car ? 
  the police is allowed to use force you know . 
  germany does n't have a moral responsibility to help refugees which got asylum ( housing , food ) in a different country . 
  they should help them to get there , but that 's pretty much it . 
  forced deportation or prison . 
  we would have their finger prints and other information , so we 'd know exactly where to send them . 
  i do n't know why people think that any refugee would prefer to live on the street without any welfare or work permit in germany than to get asylum in eastern europe . 
  germany did n't declare dublin ii dead . 
  the legislation has `` sovereignty clause '' that allows each state to voluntarily take responsibility for asylum seekers it is not otherwise required to . 
  germany still follows dublin , but it 's pretty obvious for a long time that the legislation is insufficient and needs to be reworked . 
  he was talking explicitly about clapping when refugees arrive . 
  i do n't think people helping refugees would be a `` surreal '' experience for him . 
  refugees get help in every country , otherwise they would probably starve before they even reach germany . 
  she did n't invite syrians . 
  but if your question is why it 's more likely that syrians can stay in germany : there is a war in syria . 
  people fleeing from kosovo are more considered economic refugees , which have little chance of asylum in germany . 
   and why is merkel pushing for distribution , when she made the invitation without consulting others ? 
  like i said , she did n't invite anyone . 
  greece and italy ca n't handle the influx of refugees and that 's why germany is pushing for distribution . 
  the problem wo n't magically disappear just because you ignore it . 
  you ca n't send them back , because there is a war in syria and libya . 
  there is also no reason why countries like turkey would take any refugees back . 
  the problem right now is : the bordering countries of the eu ca n't handle the refugee crisis alone . 
  we need to find a solution to take some pressure of them . 
  germany did , they decided not to send syrians back to greece/italy/etc . 
  or wherever they were registered first . 
  to find a better solution there needs to be some unity in the whole eu which could be better distribution of the refugees in all eu states . 
  for syrians it 's still much better to get asylum in south or east europe than to stay in refugee camps in turkey/lebanon / ... , because there they have literally no future as long as the is is still in syria . 
  the refugees will keep coming and the eu has to find a way to work together to tackle the problem . 
  and i saw some burned refugee buildings and neo nazi marches on tv . 
  both of them are n't indicative of germany 's / merkel 's policies . 
  bad journalism and misinformation are the main reasons . 
  the funny thing is that many anti-refugee people are helping spreading misinformation which might lead to more refugees , it 's quite ironic . 
  even here , so much factually wrong stuff is upvoted . 
  i do n't think that i have ever seen so many misinformed top comments anywhere on reddit ( i 'm not talking about opinions , just about facts ) as i did on / r/europe and / r/worldnews about immigration in the last month . 
  it 's sad and disappointing . 
  the whole premise is wrong . 
   angela merkel 's plan to welcome syrian refugees to germany there is no plan to welcome syrian refugees . 
  there is a plan to help the bordering eu states by not sending the refugees back to them . 
  the whole article is horrible , because the author acts like greece/italy can handle the amount of refugees on their own . 
  they could n't do it before the refugee numbers increased and they definitely ca n't do it now . 
  merkel and germany looked for quotas and other things to take the burden off greece and italy , but many states disagreed , so germany decided to take some burden off them on their own . 
  it 's still a problem which needs to be solved . 
  it did n't change anything for syrians outside of the eu . 
  greece and italy ca n't send them back and it 's much better to get asylum in an eu country even if it is n't germany than to be one of millions refugees in camps in lebanon or turkey . 
  so why would the refugees suddenly choose to move to europe because of merkel 's policies ? 
  the only reason i can think of is misinformation . 
  the syrian refugees already have the right to get asylum in the eu , it did n't change in the last year . 
  the situation especially did n't change anything for the refugees which did n't get registered in greece and italy . 
  italy was already sending unregistered refugees to germany months ago , before the numbers were as high as they are now , because they could n't deal with them and did n't want to them to return ( like dublin says ) . 
  now they have more incentive to register them , because germany wo n't send them back to the state which registered them first . 
  i think articles like that which spread false information will lead to many more deaths at sea . 
   the eu is pushing for an unpopular refugee redistribution scheme . 
  `` the eu '' ? 
  do you mean individual countries ? 
  the eu parliament ? 
  right now nobody is forced to do anything . 
  even without the eu , there would be the same discussions . 
  the eu is just a forum for these discussions . 
  germany is susceptible to instabilities in every big economy . 
  that 's nothing new . 
  that article is about non-eurozone orders and he 's trying to make another austerity debate out of that . 
  it 's stupid . 
  the `` refugees welcome '' from the population are a reaction on the arson attacks and hate protests . 
  it 's not an invitation , its purpose is to show that the refugees which are already here are welcomed and not hated . 
  it does n't make it a german problem , though . 
  i think most of the refugees which are in europe right now were on their way before most of these `` refugees welcome '' slogans appeared . 
  i think parts of the media and people like you misinterpreted what the german government said , but you ca n't blame germany for that . 
  it 's just bad journalism and many refugees probably get false information because of it ( the ones who do n't want to get registered in austria and want to go to germany are a good example ) . 
  you should n't help spreading the false information . 
   well , it became that since merkel commented on allowing all refugees in . 
  when did she say that ? 
   germany does what the fu * k he wants every country has to follow the dublin regulation , but they are also allowed to keep more refugees and not send them back to italy/greece / ... ( like germany promised with syrian refugees ) . 
  germany follows the regulation , but the government decided to do more than they need to . 
  you make it sound like it 's a bad thing . 
  they did n't ask for it to be blocked . 
  they asked reddit for a comment on that subreddit before removing it from google search . 
  i do n't understand your reasoning at all , it does n't make any sense . 
  you want to outlaw a job to reduce the financial burden on society ? 
  women who actually live on welfare are more of a burden than working prostitutes who pay taxes . 
  outlawing it would just reduce the number of jobs . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  the financial aspect should n't even be an argument for or against the legalization of prostitution . 
  it 's not the responsibility of the state to make sure that every job or career is good for you financially . 
  prostitutes can have a second job or study on the side . 
  it is n't necessary a full time job . 
  there are more jobs than just prostitution which get a lot less profitable with increased age ( e.g. 
  if you know that you wo n't make money at 35 , you have to plan for the future . 
  even a top athlete in an popular sport who earns millions has to make plans and ca n't spend all the money he earned . 
  privatizing is n't generally bad or good . 
  as far as i remember greece is mostly privatizing stuff that does n't make any profit . 
  if they lose money with the airports , it 's a good thing to get rid of them . 
  obviously , it 's bad if the airports are highly profitable and they sell them at a low price , but i doubt that that 's the case . 
  i does n't make sense to complain about the privatizing without looking at the numbers . 
  `` germany has never repaid its debts '' is factually wrong , but i 'll ignore that .
