  eventually this must hit russia 's ability to maintain a large modern army . 
  russia may not be such a major force for so long . 
  for a long time russia has been less advanced and developed than their western neighbors , but now that same situation is developing in the east . 
  the russian regime is strong and does n't look like it 's going anywhere , but that same regime can not lead russia out of that bind . 
  dominance of oligarchs and the shadowy power of the security apparatus are not associated with accelerating economic development . 
  this means they will stay in the same place as the chinese economy will outpace them and their relations with the western nations are uneasy . 
  i thought that the eu 's solidarity funds were mostly there to compensate the poorer states for the brain drain due to freedom of movement . 
  in general , most nations feel it is a loss to the nation if highly skilled entrepreneurial people leave their country to go do their thing somewhere else in another society . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-huv9yhqgy ) is a nice illustration of that from the television show silicon valley . 
  are you saying that under the ceta i can order computer parts from canada and have them delivered here without any extra taxes on top of the prices in the webshop ? 
  do n't you form he in a fusion bomb ? 
  maybe that 's what the coup plotters had . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  your government says that the economic benefits are almost as good as full membership , but you guys have to implement a lot of policy that did n't come from unaccountable bureaucrats , but it does come from elected politicians unaccountable to norwegian voters . 
  i feel you 're skipping the point where you engage with the content of the argument and go straight for the ad hominem . 
  but your own government got a big report explaining that it is already rather attractive to become a full eu member . 
  at least for your democracy . 
  [ bbc article on the report . 
  ] ( https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-16594370 ) , most interesting bit here :  while it sees the economic benefits as largely positive , the report expresses concern at the political consequences as norway is bound , in practice , to adopt eu policies `` without voting rights '' . 
   mr sejersted calls this a `` great democratic deficit ... but this is a kind of national compromise since norway decided it did not want to join the eu '' . 
   as norway 's integration with the eu intensified , he suggests that media , public and political understanding shrank . 
   `` there are few areas of norwegian democracy today where so many know so little about so much as is the case with norwegian european policy , '' he says . 
  [ here the relevant chapter , in english of said report . 
  ] ( https://www.regjeringen.no/globalassets/upload/ud/vedlegg/eu/nou2012_2_chapter27.pdf ), 
  i think you are focusing on short term news stories , not the reality of brexit . 
  brexit will come in two parts . 
  first a treaty under which the uk agrees to leave the eu , sometimes called `` the divorce treaty '' , this is being negotiated right now as far as we know . 
  think of the brexit bill , pension obligations , ownership of eu buildings . 
  the second part is a new treaty on future relations . 
  the negotiations will start when the eu thinks there has been sufficient progress on the treaty to leave the eu , this will probably be after the elections in germany later this year . 
  these talks will be about borders , citizens abroad , contributions to the eu , cooperation in various eu programs , i.e. 
  the body of the brexit . 
  trade negotiators expect these negotiations to go on for years , maybe even a decade . 
  then after that brexit will be done . 
  so far , i think these are all the major events on the brexit front : 1 . 
  the referendum happened on june 23rd 2016 2 . 
  the uk officially announced their intention to leave the eu on march 29th 2017 3 . 
  the eu agreed on guidelines for the eu negotiations on may 17th . 
  i would n't be surprised if we do n't see any further official announcements on anything until after the german elections in september . 
  if we are lucky , then some of the negotiations on the divorce treaty may get leaked , but we 're not always in luck . 
  everything else we have heard is hot air and rumor . 
  in all honesty , we will only be able to tell if brexit was a good idea until after it has been negotiated , preferably after some time has gone by . 
  to make a fair assessment of brexit , maybe we can look back in 2035 and evaluate the outcome . 
  but today , before we even have a clue what will be agreed to , or when that might come to pass , it is difficult to say anything of value about the worth of brexit . 
  i just hope our dear eu comes out of the process ok . 
   what if turkey leaves nato and allies itself with another soon to be poor nation that actually has nukes ? 
  that 's not the worst case scenario . 
  what if erdogan maneuvers his country into a diplomatic position that makes it politically impossible for some nato members to honor article five and then the russians attack ? 
  that could rip nato apart , making the whole alliance a fig leaf that would n't hold up when it was needed . 
  with that all of nato and with it our idea of world order will come crashing down . 
  did n't the greeks control istanbul for a little while around the beginning of the twentieth century . 
  something something megali idea . 
  now we do need a better plan because i think there are more people who live in europe 's largest than in all of greece . 
  also it might have been common in the local dialect to call istanbul istanbul before the ottoman conquest . 
  to be honest i think that trump city would be the best new name for istanbul . 
  the american president could n't help but approve such a plan and some turkish resistance fighters are bound to attack america out of confusion . 
  and then we get together and go conquer istanbul , the city of the world 's desire . 
  if the fourth crusade could do it then so can we !, 
  you do realize we eat our own sausages too and i think we can find some mad cow disease to return to you . 
  i think the real reason that you see this clustering is that most old houses with a known construction date are in europe . 
  imagine there 's some really old hovel in bombay , or kinshasa , who 's going to pay people to figure that out ? 
  what records are they going to use to determine when a home was built ? 
  now that so much of the rest of the world is getting richer , do n't be surprised if this list will look entirely different in fifty years . 
  if you have a good in the uk now and it 's been approved by the regulator , then you can sell it in sweden or spain too . 
  because we agreed that we have regulatory equivalence . 
  after brexit , if you have a good that 's been approved in the uk , you can sell it in the uk . 
  that 's the difference . 
  and the uk does n't have visa free travel right now , which is why the schengen zone is not the same thing as the european single market with its freedom of movement . 
  right now as an eu citizen , you can move to the uk , and go seek work there , without doing anything special . 
  you do have to show your passport at the border though . 
  after brexit , you will not have this freedom . 
  the issue with standards is n't if the british producers will keep on meeting them , but that they must be certified . 
  right now the eu trusts that the standards as certified by the uk regulators are good enough , but after brexit things will start looking differently . 
  then uk products will have to be recertified before they can go to the eu . 
  so british exports will fall under two regulatory regimes and that is an extra burden . 
  with ireland the problem is that a hard border with the eu might violate the good friday accords . 
  but then i do n't really get the whole irish conflict , it would have been nicer if the terrorists had n't won that one . 
  in the polls i 've seen labor is down , ukip down , libdems up , snp about the same , and conservatives get a slightly larger majority . 
  that is not our issue to resolve , but the uk 's . 
  that 's the core of the issue is n't it . 
  do foreigners deserve our empathy ? 
  if someone from the other side of the world comes to our country and ask for help because they are in danger because they are persecuted , then what do you do ? 
  ca n't be too generous or more will come and that angers the old and the uneducated . 
  i assume the solution is to ask all asylum seekers to go stand against a wall . 
  then we execute them by firing squad . 
  just like isis we video the execution and show it to the world . 
  then we cremate the corpses so we wo n't need so many graves . 
  as soon as all the foreigners know that we will just kill them if they come here , they to will know they should go to nauru where they are safe or just stay home . 
  see refugee crisis solved , then we can stop the lower classes from voting for racists and biggots and go back to our normal politics of globalization and try to spread a rules based global order . 
  so silly of them . 
  i mean their brilliant alternatives to staying must have looked so promising . 
  then three children die and thousands said to each other , now that children are dying on this island we 're staying put . 
  nauru camps for life * !, 
  * life might turn out not to be so long . . 
  the uk is a nation . 
  it can not want just one thing , in fact it is an abstraction , a nation can not want at all . 
  only people can . 
  but it is pretty clear what the government of the uk is going to ask for . 
  and may will lead you guys through brexit , she 'll be elected by a landslide . 
  that lady will govern on the basis of those points i mentioned .
