  i read parts of that [ finnish think tank report about leaving the euro ] ( http://en.eurothinktank.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/how-to-leave-10_16.pdf ) , they seemed very worried about capital flight from the leaving nation . 
  as i recall the idea was that international currency markets would expect a devaluation of the new currency and that it would immediately lose value after it was introduced . 
  that means everyone who still had euros trapped in the leaving country at the moment of the currency change would have to carry that loss , thus giving everyone who sees the changeover coming an incentive to move as much of their euros as they can to another country . 
  the think tank recommended introducing the new currency by surprise so nobody would have time to flee with their capital , or to impose restrictions on those trying to take capital out of the country . 
  i think that it does make a difference that the krona still exists . 
  at least in theory it would be a lot easier to stop having a peg than it would be to reintroduce the old currency and to convince everyone to give up their euros . 
  but you see czechia is n't a non-euro country , it 's a soon-to-be-euro country . 
  you 've promised to join . 
  unlike the danes and the british , czechs have no exemptions , as soon as your government moves to comply with all the requirements for joining the euro , you will live in a euro country too . 
  there is no legal distinction along those lines of yours . 
  you have citizens of israel and you have the stateless people of the west bank and gaza . 
  in the west bank unlike gaza israeli control is complete . 
  where they live is n't what draws the distinction , nor is their religious or ethnic status . 
  there are israeli citizens in all regions under the control of the state of israel including the occupied west bank . 
  that 's why i would n't use those groupings of yours . 
  unlike all those other states you mention in israel the israeli citizens voted for this . 
  the policy is not forced on a powerless people it is their choice . 
  they have been making that choice for over fifty years . 
  the occupied territories will remain under the control of israel . 
  with that in mind blaming a single leader makes no sense . 
  it is a widely held opinion in israeli society . 
  it is a long held opinion in israeli society . 
  our foreign policy should n't be based on the assumption that israeli society will change their opinion any day now . 
  that 's doing the same thing over and over again , hoping for a different result . 
  that this will have consequences for the rest of the middle east is clear and that is one of the reasons we should n't have these close ties to israel . 
  having close ties to israel comes with a cost . 
  instead we should wash our hands of the whole matter . 
  treat israel like we treat egypt or iran . 
  just another country in the near abroad with religious conflicts and economic opportunities . 
  that 's why this rhetoric of solutions is bad . 
  this is a difficult problem . 
  it has no solutions . 
  so stop using the perspective of future solutions on israel and instead move on to a perspective of observation . 
  what we see is a united state between jordan and the sea . 
  the rulers of israel control all of israel and all of the occupied territories . 
  within that state there are two classes of citizens . 
  israelis who are as free and as rich as most europeans and the stateless people of the occupied lands , whose lives are controlled by the idf and the palestinian authority , both organizations paid for by taxes collected by the government of israel and thus in service of the government of israel . 
  everyone who gives it a moment 's thought can figure out that russia does not speak with one voice or act with a single will . 
  there are a hundred fifty million russians and they all hold their own opinions . 
  this article is about the relations between orban 's government and putin 's ruling clique . 
  it does n't have that much data to illustrate that view , but it does at the mood for more hostile feelings towards the rulers in moscow . 
  with the situation being what it is , would n't it be more productive to move from pushing for a two state solution , towards the recognition of a one state reality . 
  it 's not a happy reality , but not all nations are happy , it is not a peaceful reality , but not all nations are peaceful , it is not a reality where all citizens are equal , but not all democracies treat all their citizens as equals . 
  the settlements are no mistakes but inherent in zionisms mission . 
  the fight with the palestinians ca n't be solved in a single state , so it will go on forever , that 's not a fatal flaw though . 
  some nations are at war for their whole existence . 
  israel is not a problem with a solution , the best we can do in europe is try to make sure that it does n't become our problem . 
  no matter what the german experience thought them about responsibility , it ca n't mean europe has to go on supporting this nation on any better terms than the other middle eastern states . 
  israel is what it is , we should n't be in the business of changing that . 
  we should be in the business of recognizing that and treating them accordingly . 
  the left is the government balance of payments , because greece is in the positive i think it is the primary budget balance . 
  that is to say all income government income minus all government expenses , except for interest payments on loans . 
  the balance is given as a percentage of total national gdp . 
  on the right the total sovereign debt is given as a percentage of total gdp . 
  i suspect that you may find that there are americans who are just as religious as you . 
  there are 230 million christians to pick from after all . 
  norway does have to arrange for country of origin documentation for many of their products . 
  there must also be incidental border checks to keep people honest . 
  if you disagree with your fellow citizens , then why should n't you be allowed to protest against them ? 
  should the citizenry be above criticism ? 
  they might elect le pen, 
  does the pipeline make sense without israel ? 
  does cyprus lose a whole lot of money if they do n't get the pipeline ? 
  yes . 
  is cyprus a full member of the eu , capable of pursuing its own interests ? 
  then it will be built that pipeline , from israel , to cyprus , just outside of turkey 's waters to greece and from there onward to the rest of the eu . 
  another fun question , does it make sense that israel could find a gasfield in their exclusive economic zone , but that lebanon could n't find any on their share of the same coast ? 
  but not to the same degree . 
  are there 22 croats who own 40 % of croatia 's money ? 
  and even if there were , that would be a whole lot less money and 22 people would be a much larger fraction of all croats . 
  but in general , in most cases , the member states will support a fellow countryman in the pursuit of eu wide office , often they even champion their national 's case . 
  pis decidely did not do this , they even opposed it . 
  or the current pis government of poland has so little influence in brussels that they ca n't even prevent their ` own ' representative from being elected when they want to . 
  depends on how you want to look at it . 
  it certainly shows there is some discord in the relationship between the eu institutions and the people of warsaw , who elected the pis . 
  you know as well as i do that the traditional left right divide does not work all that well anymore . 
  many of the insurgent populist parties have elements of both left and right in their stance . 
  furthermore the bbc is an anglo-saxon institution and they are reporting on a german political party , the right and left do n't mean exactly the same thing in those political cultures . 
  what this article is saying is this , the afd is moving farther from the center of politics , farther from the mainstream , which can mean two things . 
  either they are moving away from electability , or they are taking the german electorate with them and all of german will take a different path than they traditionally would have done . 
  i think that for a polish politician , it is way more important that he got reelected to his position with support from all eu members but poland . 
  i mean talking up brexit and how much who is going to out-negotiate whom is very entertaining , but in reality it will just be years of boring talks that end with an accord so long nobody could read it and so boring that nobody cares to try . 
  tusk knows this , his soccer buddies know this , even if we on reddit are still saying we will take the uk for a long hard session of brexiteering . 
  to deeply integrate a market , you need labor mobility and to long and short of it is that this has never been done without freedom of movement . 
  a currency union without labor mobility is n't a good idea either . 
  there are ideas behind freedom of movement , but they are mostly ideas about economics , not about political pursuits . 
  the flag , the anthem , the army ( that does n't even exist , but enfin ) they are not necessary , but are they the problem ? 
  i mean really you 'd like the eu better without the blue flag and the stars ? 
  you do n't like the ode to joy i guess , but when do they even play it ? 
  the citizenship is more an administrative principle than a fact on the ground , as a citizen of a member state you get eu citizenship , but there are no people with eu citizenship without being the citizen of a member-state . 
  it 's basically a restatement of the fact that your state is a member of the eu . 
  what 's so bad about that ? 
  for a common market you need common rules , that is an inherently political pursuit . 
  an_craca_mor the price of cooperation is the loss of sovereignty and however you call it , that will remain true . 
  i 'm not sure what is likely , or even what le pen would do were she elected , but if the eu collapses , then there wo n't be a choice between various degrees of hardness for brexit . 
  instead everyone loses all access to the single market and all of the eu 's institutions . 
  combine that with a currency crisis and well , let 's just say i am not so sure there would be that many chickens . 
  once france leaves there wo n't be an eu , making the terms of brexit entirely irrelevant . 
  it 's not that so much as a balance of contributions and benefits . 
  as a member the uk took on burdens and gained benefits .
