  now the uk will be offering us less , it only make sense that we are willing to give them less . 
  the eu is not a union in the business of handing out gifts , but yeah once it starts doing that everyone will want lower burdens for their benefits . 
  the only way that ends is with the dissolution of the eu . 
  it will even be painful for the swiss , since they are in the single market . 
  said bahaji , who is said to have been a member of the hamburg cell , was born in german and had german citizenship . 
  i would n't even want twelve of the most charming and beautiful women in the world to join me in my flat , it would be way too crowded . 
  but that 's the point , she does n't have to win to cause chaos in the markets , she just has to look like she might . 
  that 's why i would expect some reaction as soon as she is in the second round and that this reaction will ramp up every step of the way she takes towards leaving the euro . 
  i do n't know if the eu would even survive if france left . 
  but my point is not that she would do it , but that as soon as it looks like she might , the world markets will react . 
  nobody wants to be the last sucker holding on to french debt that is about to be devalued . 
  i thought that le pen had only promised a referendum about euro membership . 
  it is not so certain that the french people would vote for that , even if they do elect marine . 
  so marine le pen might not destroy the euro if she gets elected , though it 's a small maybe . 
  i think that we 'll see reactions as soon as she enters the second round though . 
  not only in the currency markets , where the ecb can intervene if they want to , but also in the sovereign debt market . 
  the most sensible reason to remake the franc is to devalue the currency to reduce the foreign debt burden . 
  as soon as it looks like france might just do that france will be charged a big premium . 
  so , how difficult would it be to make all your data usage look like music streaming from one service or another ? 
  what i really want to know is why you do n't doubt the data itself . 
  have you ever seen data on geographic locations of book sales ? 
  do you know how they handle books sold online ? 
  the map does n't even have a source on it . 
   you can not tax a fictional entity at all because it 's a physical impossibility . 
  you 're taxing the fictional entity , the fictional entity is paying the tax but the money is actually coming from a non-fictional person pocket . 
  there 's no other way . 
  yes you can , because ownership of something is a fictional property too . 
  you see there is nothing inherent or real in a naturalist 's sense to ownership , it is a property that only exists in the human mind . 
  much like the corporation is only like a person in the human mind . 
  a legal claim to ownership can only be turned into economic benefit because the state is ready to enforce it . 
  that is one of the most important things the state does . 
  but in our current legal system a corporation can own something , that is to say a legal fiction , a corporation , can use another legal fiction , the right to ownership . 
  that allows for all sorts of nefarious legal imaginings , where the person who benefits from the ownership is not clear in the eyes of the taxman , but that person is still able to gain from all the benefits of that ownership right . 
  who do i want to tax then ? 
  very simple , those who own the corporation . 
  who are those people ? 
  to a large extent nobody knows , because a lot of very smart people worked very hard to make it so . 
  in a similar way multinational corporations have means to make it very ambiguous where they make their profit , so they make their books look like all the profit comes from the places where it is taxed least . 
  we will never be able to write laws to outsmart these practices , so the best solution i see is to take away the tools most used in this craft . 
   the only right tied up to being the subject of taxation is the right to political representation you fail to see the point . 
  corporations only exist because it is in society 's interest to make it so , that makes them very unlike people . 
  as to what i want to tax , it is large accumulations of wealth , wealth that is increasingly difficult to tax as it sloshes around the globe and is sold by one fictional entity to another . 
  when a corporation can not be made to pay the taxes we think it owes , then someone out there is in the ownership of money that we decided to give to the taxman . 
   who are you trying to tax with the corporate tax ? 
  the answer to that is nobody knows , that 's the whole problem . 
  by structuring companies in opaque ways , we ca n't know , we ca n't really know how much is owed for similar reasons . 
  but here you can flip your statement too , when people who own corporations do n't pay their taxes , that is largely the rich and financial institutions , then the rest of society has to fill that gap , or make do with inferior government services . 
  another way for the economy to favor the rich . 
  i do n't really care how it comes to be , whether we tax the corporations , or decide to root them out entirely , or something else all together , i want people to pay their share of the tax burden . 
  i think the only real solution to that is to leverage the places where the state does have power ; and that is the existence of the corporation , which is only real because the state says so , and the enforcement of property rights which is also handled by the state . 
  if society can not tax something owned by corporations , then society 's interest in enforcing that entity 's property rights becomes weaker too . 
  if society can not tax a fictional entity at all , creating in effect a backdoor for the sophisticated and the rich to lower their tax burden , then perhaps society should consider unmaking these fictional entities at least to some extent . 
  because what people like you fail to consider is that the current set of economic arrangements has only one justification , that this way is the most beneficial to society , of all the ones we have found yet . 
  if we find a better way then there is no real reason not to change something . 
  looking at the scale of the problem of international tax avoidance , we should be willing to try some solutions . 
  at dutch universities a phd is usually a salaried position . 
  you even get a tax break if you can land a phd position , because you would be a highly valued knowledge migrants , helping build our knowledge economy . 
  but if you really want career advice , perhaps you could tell us a little more about yourself and what you are looking for . 
  because in recent experience , referendums have not lead to good or coherent policy decisions . 
  in many countries of europe we already have these things we call elected representatives who can vote for us on many an issue and one wonders what the addition of more referendums would add . 
  i for example could vote on whether or not the dutch state should ratify an association treaty with ukraine . 
  after that great experience , for this year 's elections i looked through all the programs of the dutch parties and voted for one that did n't support any future referendums . 
  i know we do n't all believe in climate change , but the last time the mediterranean fell dry , let 's just say the climate was caused to be different . 
  in the drier sense . 
  the mediterranean outflow water plays a role in the global oceanic circulation , which might just mess up things all over the world if you close the gibraltar strait . 
  also valuable ecosystems would be lost forever . 
  i guess not everyone cares about the ocean , or nature , or the climate , so who knows this might happen . 
  but i think i have found the one reason this wo n't happen . 
  ** if we pump the mediterranean dry , then the scary muslims can just walk to europe . 
  ** for you my friend i would say if you wait a ten or twenty million years , then the med will be gone because of tectonics , is n't that good enough ? 
  to illustrate this quote about the beauty of italy , let me use a computer generated map and combine it with the colorscape of a caribbean island . 
  because brexit will involve worsening trade relations to the eu , this is the publicly stated position of the eu and all eu governments that i 'm aware of . 
  this will cost money . 
  for trump i think the reasoning is that he is so vile and incompetent that everything he touches turns to shit . 
  i am not sure that this theory has merit . 
  the senile reagan and the idiotic bush junior coincided with a strong economy . 
  food is culture . 
  not all of it , but an important part . 
  is n't the idea that an expat will go home some day , but that an immigrant will stay forever . 
  from my superficial interactions with greece , i got the impression that there are many cultural ties to turkey . 
  like that many dishes are nearly the same . 
  but economy wise , or in your path through the cold war , i agree that the similarities are more with spain and portugal . 
  if we ca n't tax corporations , then do you agree we might remove some of their rights ? 
  in essence we in society are giving some people the right to establish corporate entities with the legal fiction of a second identity . 
  if that fictional person ca n't be made to pay taxes , then perhaps it 's in the interest of society ti limit their rights . 
  i mean things like perhaps it ca n't own intellectual property , as it has no intellect . 
  or it ca n't own profit , as it can do no work . 
  or it must publicly be able to explain its ownership structure to the public within a certain time limit , or it forfeits all claims to ownership . 
  nothing too crushing or we might squash a useful means of economic organization , but just enough to clip the corporate wings . 
  yes greece is in the balkan . 
  it does n't really matter what he calls himself , he is making statements of fact , he is presenting information , he is weaving a narrative , usually to argue for a certain standpoint . 
  that is problematic when he gets things wrong or when he fails to paint the whole picture . 
  but what this shallowness means , is that he is not persuasive . 
  if you had no opinion on something , or already agree with him , then his show is fine . 
  when you think he is wrong , then all you see is a man with a little knowledge about a large issue . 
  he is arguing for some position and he 's not doing a very good job at it , because he can only persuade an easy mark that he is right . 
  the funny thing is that in hungary expatriates do n't get to vote . 
  i guess that any politician knows what to do in ambiguous cases like these , first poll how they 'd vote then decide if they get to vote . 
  it 's faster if they can burn them fresh from the regulator , very efficient , it will save transport costs too . 
  i newspaper i 've never heard of , mainly citing an expatriate who hates the old regime , to support a theory that is not supported by mainstream journalism .
