  to make myself clear , i think that the suspicion of such intent is baseless and that it is unlikely that the world would be able to just look the other way should such crimes be committed . 
  israel is a land rich in journalists who would record and publicize any such action and the world is ready to hear about israeli news . 
  by keeping the status of the land in legal limbo it is easier to deny the people living on that land the full rights of a citizen of israel . 
  sure the israeli leadership hoped that palestinians would leave when they started the occupation , but it did n't happen and it is n't going to happen . 
  even in gaza , where they have had a blockade for a decade now , people are n't going anywhere . 
  the best israel has come up with is a decades long occupation with no end in sight . 
  israel will do what it can to ease the burden that occupation imposes on israeli society . 
  that means they can not let things get too bad in the occupied territories . 
   because there would be no security barriers ? 
  why would israel ever do that , they think their great barrier has prevent bombings such as seen during the second intifada . 
  no eu policy is going to make them remove those barriers . 
   look at now , almost daily stabbings , shootings , bombings or whatever , and this is with checkpoints and etc. 
  well yes , but how is that our problem or fault ? 
  why would european politics change anything about that ? 
  it is a consequence of israeli policies and the reaction to those policies in palestinian and israeli arab communities . 
  in europe we have similar problems with members of some muslim communities . 
  it 's not like those problems have raised doubts about the national territories controlled by european states . 
  you are slightly missing my point . 
  i am saying we ca n't make it better with any reasonable amount of effort and ultimately our leaders have the responsibility not to waste our national resources on unnecessary and dangerous projects . 
  but at the same time , we will not make it much worse by walking away . 
  if order were to collapse in the occupied territories , then israel would have to restore it , simply because that would make the burden of occupation as light as it can be . 
  if the economy of the occupied territories were to collapse , then for the same reasons , israel would have to intervene . 
  things not changing in the occupied territories is more or less israeli policy . 
  so if anything were to be achieved by walking away , then the increased burden of occupation for the citizens and state of israel would make it slightly more attractive for israelis to find a solution . 
  if nothing changes , as it has n't for the past fifty years , then why would they have a civil war all of a sudden . 
  sure something might be brewing among the palestinians , but i do n't see why you would blame european policies for that , especially since i am arguing for reduced involvement with the palestinians . 
  let the people there figure it out , or fail to do so . 
  we did n't break it , we do n't own it , it is not our problem . 
   we all know the days of colonialism is over . 
  there were different kinds of colonialism , those where a native population was controlled by a small imperial elite are over . 
  settler colonialism is not over . 
  australia is still a colonial state , so is the usa , so is israel . 
  there ca n't be a post-colonial australia or a post-colonial israel . 
  the people there will have to find a way to deal with their colonial present and future . 
   because some begin to think its good to have 2nd class citizens . 
  that 's the real problem . 
  it is a problem , but it is not our european problem . 
  let them deal with it . 
  we ca n't fix it , we do n't pay the price for it going on unfixed . 
  if you personally find that objectionable , then do n't buy anything with the label made in israel . 
  the rest is their problem . 
  there are people who have unequal citizenship in china too , i 'm sure there are many other countries where you will find second rate citizens on closer inspection . 
  we can still deal with those countries . 
   israel would just annex the entirety of palestine and the palestinian people would disappear i do n't know how you think that is going to happen . 
  the surrounding arab states have no interest in accepting more palestinian refugees , the palestinian people themselves wo n't start fleeing over nothing either . 
  hard experience has thought them that staying in a bad place is probably still better than what they can achieve by leaving . 
  if israel finds a way to integrate the palestinian identity into some sort of greater israeli-hood , then who are we to tell them they should n't ? 
  if you are talking about israel organizing large scale crimes against humanity , then i think you a misunderstanding how israelis see themselves and i think you will find there world would be forced to react should that happen . 
  sure two states sounds good in theory , but it has sounded good for over fifty years . 
  it is not going to happen . 
  it is dead , worse yet , it never even lived the occupation will go on for as long as there are palestinians and israelis . 
  all we can ask the eu to do about is to write some sharply worded letters and limit our exposure to the unhappy situation in israel . 
  sure the unified state of israel and the occupied territories has a two tier system of citizenship , but what can we do about that ? 
  not trading with israel is n't going to make it better , they will look at lebanon , or even at sa and decide that trade with the eu is less valuable than avoiding that fate . 
  then add to this conundrum the contradictory military requirements israel would have for a palestinian state , so weak it could n't threaten israel , yet strong enough to keep out hezbollah , is , the syrian civil war , and any other enemy of israel . 
  there can be no palestinian state , because it is not in the interest of israel . 
  israelis know this , they will act on that knowledge . 
  only the usage of raw power could force israel to give in and there really is no coherent european interest in forcing such an outcome . 
  palestinian suffering is not such a big deal to us . 
  living below sealevel in a time of rising seas i can tell you that there are many other nations in a situation that ca n't go on forever , why do we demand that israel do something about it ? 
  what makes them so special ? 
  the question is n't what should be , or what can be sustained , the question is only what is . 
  and there the answer is obvious , there is only one state , the occupied territories are a part of that singular state and the only ruling authority within that state is the israeli knesset . 
  the israeli army provides security in that whole state , israeli citizens in the occupied territories live under israeli law and are fully integrated into the economy of the rest of the singular state . 
  there is a palestinian authority , but that too is effectively an israeli run institution . 
  in 2006 the palestinian people had an election where they elected a coalition led by hamas , the current leader of the pa also ran in those elections as the incumbent , he lost . 
  after that fighting broke out and power was seized by people supporting the incumbent , abbas . 
  with so many troops present , so much intelligence about palestinian society , and so much influence within the pa , it should be obvious to all that israel agreed to override the democratic will of the palestinian people . 
  that means that sovereignty in the occupied territories does not rest with the palestinian people , but with the political leaders of israel . 
  these days israel produces most of the electricity consumed in the occupied territories and supplies many other necessities of life within the occupied territories . 
  israel even collects taxes for the pa , so that the security people of the pa can cooperate with israeli security forces . 
  the pa is run by an 82 year old man who has little to no popular support and who has achieved next to nothing for his people . 
  there is only one reason that he holds that office and that is that israel has not found a replacement they like better . 
  and i think there you have your answer , it is bad for israel if the palestinians live in too much of a shit hole . 
  people without prospects or hope are dangerous neighbors , especially when they know exactly who to blame for their situation . 
  if the eu were to stop all aid to the pa and other palestinian organizations , then the israelis would have to take over most of those functions , to prevent dangerous deterioration of the conditions . 
  the reverse is also true , if the eu were to increase the level of support that is given to palestinians , then the israelis would just find some other lever to pull in the opposite direction , because they do n't have any interest in the better functioning of palestinian society . 
  the people there are condemned to each other and foreign intervention is not doing anybody any good . 
  instead we should just treat israel like what it is , a unified state from the mediterranean to the jordan valley ruled by the knesset . 
  that state is useful for some things , problematic on other fronts , and that should shape our foreign policy towards that state . 
  they might say bla bla , pa independent , but the israeli army controls everything , way more than the russian army controls the rebellious regions in eastern ukraine . 
  someone might say bla bla palestinian state , but decades upon decades of continuous occupation show that it does n't exist and no european intervention can make it come into being , there is just israel and it is time we accept that . 
  do n't they make a lot of video games in ukraine . 
  i thought ubisoft and crytek had big centers in ukraine , with games like world of tanks and assassin 's creed coming from ukraine . 
  ca n't you guys just get on with it and sell us more games instead of food . 
  we will have to see the final post brexit trade deal years down the line to know whether or not the uk voters were right . 
  can we get an native speaker of english , with nazistic tendencies where it comes to the grammar side of life , to explain whether or not that was the correct usage of the word ` whom . ', 
  why do n't you mention russia ? 
  they 're the big exporters of [ sawn ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/hs92/4407/ ) and [ rough wood ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/show/all/4403/2015/ ) and let 's just say i would n't be surprised if they do n't always pay close attention to sustainability over there . 
  i even once read an article that accused ikea of being a major consumer of wood of dubious origin from russia , though i ca n't find it anymore . 
  to maintain a world beating military a country needs the economy to support it . 
  as we automate more and more and weapon systems grow increasingly complex , that becomes more an economic question , not one of numbers . 
  russians will have to pay more and more per person to keep up with nato and china . 
  unless they manage to modernize their economy and move beyond commodity exports , they will ultimately lose their ability to compete . 
  if you think that 1969 is a long time ago , then sure . 
  otherwise i would say that russia and china have been major powers asserting their interest for a long time and in that struggle there are times of conflict and times of cooperation , sometimes they do both at the same time . 
  what i think will happen to russia , is what is happening in mongolia , though in a less extreme form . 
  chinese investment and chinese demand will drive their economy . 
  chinese businessmen and companies will drive a lot of local politics . 
  when the prices for commodities are high , russia will do well , when they are not then russia will be in trouble .
