  if we want to collect the maximum level of tax that we can , then the balance must be struck at a point where the rich are willing to go along . 
  i was merely pointing out that there must be some impact on the wealth of offspring , because to have a society that works otherwise disempowers parents . 
  in that society the outcome would be the same for your children if you kick them out onto the street at eight years old , or provide them with a safe home until they 're going to go to study . 
  it 's even more sensible than that . 
  imagine for a moment a world where the children of the rich have no advantages at all . 
  that would mean that schooling , upbringing , connections , and everything else you might provide differently for your children if you are rich , are all equally useless . 
  that would be rather strange and also a little hopeless . 
  you would like to think you could help your children find their way in the world , no ? 
  this article is two days old and right up the subs sweet spot . 
  how can it not be a repost ? 
  we as a whole society would be richer if we did n't . 
  that 's probably why he did n't say alaska , the whole state of texas , or california . 
  not that their independence movements are significant , but at least the exist . 
  maybe we could convince new england to leave the usa and give them eu membership , then dress them up as old england and pretend all is well ? 
  maybe he announced it today because he knew we 'd all have brexit on the brain . 
  and in the boerenoorlog . 
  i do n't think democracy was the democratic reason why the democratic uk democratically allied itself to the stalinist horror show that was the ussr . 
  nor indeed was democracy the democratic reason why the democracy of the uk had a colonial empire where nobody got to vote , they were n't even asked if they would join the democratic uk in the most destructive war in human history . 
  you severely underestimated the death count of africa 's wars , but let 's get past that . 
   where is that democracy he speaks of ? 
  in the fake parliament that exists only to give the illusion of elections ? 
  in those finance ministers that gather together at the order of unelected bureaucrats to sign the orders that they drafted ? 
  what makes the european parliament fake ? 
  the place is real , the voters are real , it has real members , it makes real policy . 
  why are ministers councils undemocratic ? 
  they are representatives of elected governments . 
  why are the bureaucrats of brussels more faceless than the bureaucrats of your government at home ? 
  and a policy whose only upside is the fear it induces in our elected leadership , are you sure you want to go on endorsing that ? 
  i 'd rather have something to force european voters to pay attention and make their politicians fix it . 
  i do n't think it 's all that insightful about the eu to be honest . 
  just a click bait title with a random list with little thought behind it . 
  no , i 'm just not sure it 's all that virtuous to risk other people 's lives . 
  at best it was his job as a statesman . 
  it was n't churchill 's blood , he might have cried a few tears or broken some sweat i guess , but he said was generously risking other people 's lives for a cause . 
  that would largely be pointless because the traffic largely goes on to the usa and the nsa can legally spy on all foreign communications without a warrant or anything . 
   brexit is the most selfish decision ever made since winston churchill saved europe with the blood , sweat and tears of the english yeah f that guy churchill , so selfish . 
  he should have just made peace and let the great dictators turn the continent into their genocidal playpen . 
  the nice thing is that much of the internet traffic between the usa and europe goes through parts of [ the network located ] ( https://chromosome.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/2236276483-8c9e6a9529-o.jpg ) in the uk , so they police all of us . 
  not that our own government would n't do the same , but we 're just a small country with a limited budget for mass surveillance , gchq is superior to the aivd in that aspect . 
  i would like it if your smartphone gps just determined the absolute local time for everyone everywhere , then everyone uses that , as nature intended . 
  we could have more apps to deal with traveling or meeting other people . 
  i think a fair share of russia 's wealth is in the uk . 
  that 's not entirely good , but it 's better than the wealth being absent . 
  modern italy was built on cultural treasures more valuable than gold or oil , drawing in tourists from around the world willing to spend their hard earned money just too walk around in italian cities and see the italian culture . 
  can russia say that ? 
  can the netherlands ? 
  can poland ? 
  [ dyson plays down hard brexit concerns as company posts # 2.5 bn record sales ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/mar/27/dyson-plays-down-hard-brexit-concerns-as-company-posts-25bn-record-sales ) i think this guy is saying that british manufacturers should be making their products in asia anyway , so that trade deal is n't so crucial at all . 
  well you guys can always go pet your kangaroos and koalas if you 're feeling a blue . 
  i 've heard italy get described as a very rich productive country in the north with a developing country stuck on in the south . 
  but to be honest i think that the gdp per capita is as high as it gets in some of the northern nuts regions , so there are few areas in europe you could combine northern italy with if the north ca n't be the richest part . 
  the british did n't do this alone , two resolutions made it through the un security council . 
  among the five permanent nations in the security council gaddafi had not a single friend willing to veto those resolutions , among the fifteen others there was a majority willing to vote for the intervention . . 
  the british were just one vote , that whole council is responsible : china france russia united kingdom united states bosnia -- herzegovina brazil colombia germany gabon india lebanon nigeria portugal south africa then the us quietly supported the intervention from the get-go while both the uk and france were willing to use force . 
  i guess it was a complex mix of economic interests , hope for the arab spring , geopolitics , but also some part was probably just the prospect of getting rid of gaddafi . 
  i thought most opinion polls indicate that putin would win an open election campaign too . 
  he 's pretty popular . 
  why not even consider the human potential ? 
  there are some who would say exactly that about italy . 
  the decision about whether or not to join nato or the eu is neither russia 's nor the eu 's . 
  ukraine gets to decide that , they are a sovereign nation , their citizens get to elect governments and they can give them a mandate to pursue membership of either organization , or both . 
  what russia did when they annexed crimea was an act of war , the first time anybody has started a land war in europe since the end of the mess in the balkans , of course we should oppose them . 
  now they are using clandestine means to keep a rebellion in eastern ukraine going , even as they are breaking the terms of the minsk agreement . 
  an agreement they signed , an agreement set in place to end the conflict in ukraine . 
  on top of that they are meddling in montenegro and bosnia herzegovina . 
  it is hard to figure out the truth about goings on there , but governments do n't just cry russian coup attempt because they are bored . 
  something happened there and the russian secret service was involved . 
  in short russia is a threat because they act like a threat , they walk like a threat , and they talk like a threat . 
  the best part is that the british had a pretty big hand in the war in libya . 
  but the biggest lie is where the real outside threat comes from . 
  on one side we have a huge modern army with a giant nuclear arsenal under the iron rule of a risk taker , on the other we have some religious fanatics in the desert . 
  isis can murder in a theater , russia could level whole cities at a time , if not countries . 
  russia is a bigger threat to the eu than isis could ever be . 
  the games of war are being played in syria and libya , ukraine is where europe might just start to unravel . 
  [ you say that now . 
  ] ( https://svpow.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/podageddon-low-res-witton.png ), 
  [ look at the elephant ] ( http://www.utahpeoplespost.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/sauropods.jpg ) , ask yourself what 's up with that . 
  blame the k-t boundary . 
  i 'm serious there are people who argue that the largest sauropods experienced a form of island dwarfism when pangea broke up . 
  besides deep down we 're all anapsids with a few holes in the head . 
  they did lose the largest biological niche available on land , herbivores . 
  before the cretaceous-tertiary mass extinction most large land herbivores were dinosaurs , but now they 're all mammals . 
  a few reptiles live herbivorous lives and sometimes birds graze , but that 's small scale business , tiny animals here and there . 
  on balance mammals clearly won , but the insects are still the largest most variable group . 
  monsanto and their competitors are trying to fix that though ... 
  do we actually know if duterte thinks that it 's an insult to call something a bitch . 
  maybe they like girl-dogs where he is from . 
  i 'm still quite fond of the pet dog we used to have even if she was bitch . 
  but tell me that you would be shocked if the irish or dutch banks were involved in russian corruption . 
  or the banks from cyprus or switzerland for that matter . 
  london did n't get to this point without competition . 
  i see it more as a statement of reality . 
  the eu is not in a stable situation today . 
  either the euro integrates more or it dies . 
  either we figure out a common refugee policy or the schengen agreement dies . 
  either we unite in face of russian aggression , or they will play us off one against the other . 
  the list goes on . . 
  if the eu does n't move in one way , it will probably move in the other . 
  i thought it was quite common for israelis to go to cyprus to marry because they ca n't do it in israel proper . 
  cypriote marriages are then recognized in israel .
