  that is the brexit the uk will try to achieve . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  but anybody from the eu side who is going into those negotiations to conciliate is going to get us played . 
  withdrawing those benefits from the uk will hurt the european economy too . 
  but we need negotiators who are tough enough to make that happen . 
  otherwise we risk the whole eu . 
  those [ silly children ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/2016/aug/10/i-want-death-nauru-files-chronicle-despair-of-asylum-seeker-children ) who got abused and those who got killed . 
  they should have just agreed to leave . 
  i 'm sure they had a wide selection of brilliant options open to them , but chose to stay in the camp in nauru because they wanted to mooch off the australian people 's generosity . 
  the uk is going to contribute less to the eu then they did as a member state . 
  that means the eu has to withdraw benefits from the uk to keep the economic situation fair . 
  imagine if the british got full access to the eu markets but did n't have to follow our laws and did n't have to contribute money to the eu . 
  that would give them a giant unfair advantage over all of us . 
  i believe that the australians who invented this system actually got rid of it . 
  it turns out the government was slow at processing the applications and also bad at deciding which skills the country needed . 
  or once eu legislation deviates from what the british keep in their own law books . 
  to inflict damage on the uk we have to damage our own situation . 
  with that in mind brexit is n't a game to be won . 
  they are going to offer us less , we have to decide what we will take off the table in return . 
  the uk does n't want freedom of movement . 
  they want lower contributions . 
  they want more independent power to regulate work conditions and product standards . 
  they want to leave the jurisdiction of the eu courts . 
  if they do that , then they also have to leave behind most of the benefits of eu membership . 
  / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  this is what makes small counties feel relevant . 
  [ this map makes the same point more elegantly ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/files/2014/08/figure312augustsocialatlasmap.jpg ), 
  it took the american south about a century to recover from the economic set back after their civil war . 
  those twenty eight years are n't so long to recover . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  checking [ the wikipedia list of research spending per country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_research_and_development_spending ) it looks like germany is more important to the eu 's science spending and the number of papers published than any other nation , but france also spends more money . 
  per capita the swiss are the most into spending on science , but the danes and even the dutch spend more per capita than the uk . 
  for some areas of research it might be different , but there are clusters anywhere . 
  i mean sure the uk is a big eu memberstate and that indicates a loss of the eu on all sorts of fronts , but i do n't really see how they stand out as the science haven per se . 
  to be honest i think the swiss have more towards that claim . 
  in [ this dataset ] ( https://academia.stackexchange.com/questions/18767/research-publications-per-capita ) the swiss also published the most papers per capita over the period 1996-2012 . 
  united kingdom is ninth . 
  not many reddit comments make me laugh out loud but you and / u/neunmalklug did it . 
  well of course it is . 
  but then it 's really annoying we could n't just all elected donald trump . 
  think about it , it would have been netherlands and america first if we had done that . 
  if the whole world has elected trump we would be living in harmony . 
  nationalism is on their side when they lobby in the usa , i bet that makes it more cost effective . 
  they say the europeans are always looking to take another dime out of google 's pocket , but that this is unfair . 
  even deutsche bank could play up nationalism when they were being fined in the usa for ripping off subprime mortgage lenders . 
  but google is a foreign company that hardly pays taxes in europe by some financial chicanery . 
  their position is inherently weaker in the eu . 
  some day somehow the usa expects to benefit from the growth of well-being of google . 
  in the eu it might actually be good for domestic competitors if google gets cut down to size . 
  that makes it likely that google will fail to make the anti trust case just go away . 
  much like apple found that the eu is willing and able to take their money . 
  ultimately politicians would benefit more if they wring more taxes out of google than they could from some high class lobbying . 
  i suspect that power corrupts too . 
  everyone who wants to influence the world will think about lobbying in the us house of representatives . 
  while the are tons of lobbyists in brussels , the eu is less powerful than the us , so it 's less interesting to influence our politics . 
  in the smaller countries lobbying is even less efficient , you buy a senator and you influence the usa and the world , you buy a mep and you influence the eu , but buy a dutch parliamentarian and you just get to influence the netherlands . 
  i think that a us senator is not just more efficient to buy , it is also easier . 
  the whole world is trying to do that , that means there is all the infrastructure in place . 
  you only speak french and you want a washington lobbyist ? 
  your guy exists , probably in a whole agency , able to tell you where to surrender your money and how . 
  you 're french and you want a lobbyist in den haag ? 
  then you 'll have to figure out how to buy parliamentarians on your own and who to buy . 
  are you sure that this was n't a joke ? 
  my condolences . 
  where did she go ? 
  but how many of them would have to grow to the size of google before the economy as a whole comes out ahead ? 
  do you think germany would be wealthier if the mittelstand companies would be able to go public ? 
  they could then take that money and invest it , if they 're good at that they could grow a lot faster . 
  faster growth would make all of society wealthier and as long as we organize it reasonably , that would be for the general good of all . 
  what do you see in the gif then ? 
  because i see a giggling lady trying to use the force possibly tripping her balls off on one side . 
  on the other a young politician gesturing like he 's making a snappy reply and knowing televised political debates , that reply probably was n't even faintly funny . 
  you and / u/valleyshrew imply that climate change will be disasterous for nigeria , but in the [ lastest ipcc report ] ( http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar5/wg2/wgiiar5-chap22_final.pdf ) on climate change they do n't foresee things being all that bad . 
  at least the ecological system in nigeria is n't all that vulnerable to climate change in their estimation . 
  the sea level rise will move the nigerian coastline , but that will happen in the whole world , we 'll have to deal with that here too . 
  they estimate that 10 million nigerians might be displaced by 2100 sea level rise , but on 750 million that 's not even all that many . 
  over 83 years of human population growth , i do not think boko haram will make much of a dent . 
  they might even induce more population growth , boko haram is said to mean `` western education is forbidden '' and women with less education tend to have more children . 
  the reasons that nigerians might stop growing their population are different . 
  full scale war could do it , but so could increasing wealth and better education . 
  we will have to see how it goes . 
  do n't forget the baby boom in the west was about seventy years ago and if you had used that trend to predict current population numbers , then you would have been very wrong . 
  here we are projecting current population growth trends into the future for 80 years , so take these projections with a grain of salt . 
  the biggest reason for that uncertainty , is that people will change their minds about how many children they would like to have . 
  the climate might be a factor , so could the economy , or violent conflict , but so will fashion , the ideas we have about the role of women , and last but not least the way the people of the future will organize their families . 
  i played around with that dataset some more . 
  the projected population growth for africa is so great that you could fit the whole current population of india , china , and the eu in there and it would still be less . 
  i do not know how they project these things , but i agree that things will have to change in africa if the average african live is n't going to stay as bad as it is today . 
  more interesting is the idea that both the uk and france will be more populous than germany by ~ 2060 . 
  i can believe that might actually happen . 
  there will be nigerians 752,247,358 in need of lebensraum by that time , an additional 565 million people in 83 years . 
  to put this projection into perspective . 
  if everyone in the eu today , including the british , decided to move to nigeria today , that would still be fewer people than these as the population of nigeria in 2100 . 
  to add to that there will 388 million people in the democratic republic of the congo , from 82 million today . 
  that growth is about the same number of people as the population of the usa today . 
  if you think the europeans were bad in the twentieth century , just wait until they invent countries like nigeria where you ca n't even see the ground because of population density . 
  [ i think you will find that you are like this guy asking what the romans ever did for us . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc7hmhrgtuq ) be it that the quality of the answers you will get is dependent on your audience , and most of us are n't as smart as the people from monty python . 
  i agree we could learn a lot from iceland , but the solutions that work at their scale are difficult to apply to larger societies . 
  besides we were talking about the uk a moment ago .
