  i would guess that this also works for interfaith marriages . 
  for a president he is really foul mouthed , but i wish i could just filter out all news stories that have both philippines and sons of bitches and related swear words . 
  that would almost be as good as never having to read about ` trump ' and ` tweet ' again . 
  all those news stories are just fluff . 
  i think that for some jewish communities there is an unstated issue , namely that the intermarriage rate for jewish people is pretty high in europe . 
  that is much less the case in israel , where most people are jewish and interfaith marriages with the muslim community are rare . 
  for some jewish people interfaith marriage and the jewish identity are a complex issue . 
  in the netherlands we do n't have toll roads , i think few people would support it if we made them . 
  instead we tax fuel and vehicle ownership to pay for the roads . 
  in do n't really see how the private sector could help with that . 
  but for the harbors , airports , and railways you have a point . 
  a similar argument in the dutch thread on this article it was said that it is very difficult to find profitable investments during economic good times . 
  that is what you were trying to say right ? 
  that it is quite unlikely that the government will find many good investment opportunities . 
  we ask germany for money ? 
  but seriously , why do you have to be worried about that now , when most bonds go for ten years or more ? 
  the bond you sell today for a negative interest rate will keep that rate for its whole duration . 
  if we use those bonds today to invest in useful things today , then when interest rates go up , we can just stop investing and issuing bonds then . 
  is n't bund a more general word for an association or league . 
  the republican league of germany . 
  edit tagung , i did n't know about that word . 
  that makes a lot more sense . 
  btw did you know that there is a famous street in shanghai called the [ bund ] ( http://theglobalgrid.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/sophie_plottel_02_03_2013_01.jpg ) ? 
  it would be funny if the germans sent all their politicians to shanghai . 
  that 's only cause you know what it does , i think you could equally well say that the league ( bund ) is a thing with a wheel and a day . 
  well i would translate bundestag as day of the league , so bundesrat =  upper house seems reasonable . 
  to be honest i suspect that the eu regulators had a strong suspicion about the goings on . 
  why else would they have written a law under which vw was n't doing anything illegal ? 
  do you think sch\u00e4uble has ambitions to become the next schultz in the elections after these ones ? 
  because otherwise i do n't really understand why he would n't be doing whatever he thought was right . 
  i mean usually simplistic promises are the basis of an electoral campaign . 
  it 's that code for expecting the euro to blow up ? 
  that would cause interest rates to go through the sky . 
  i mean otherwise ten year bonds with a negative yield are pretty low risk loans . 
  they are predictable and interest rates ca n't go up for those ten years of the bond . 
  the only issue is that a net creditor nation might find the death of the euro easier to deal with . 
  then you could just ignore financial markets for a while until the turmoil of the euro collapse is settling . 
  it seems a little counter productive to punish the whole brazilian meat industry like this . 
  i bet you that the investigators there wo n't be half as eager to announce or investigate any problems next time something like this comes up . 
  help them deal with it with minimal economic damage and the long term for safety of our food will improve . 
  has sch\u00e4uble explained why he does n't agree ? 
  i thought our government borrows at close to zero percent interest , if not negative rates sometimes . 
  one might say that now would be a great time to borrow as sovereign debt is really cheap . 
  we could be using that money for infrastructure investment , or something profitable like that . 
  but if you 're the efficient germans , and the austrians are the fun germans , then why do you guys need two more ministries ? 
  it might be bad for native workers if migrants on the labor market have no bargaining power at all . 
  otherwise employers are sure to use that weaker bargaining position of migrants to extract lower wages and thereby undercut local workers . 
  nor is there much evidence that the result would be different . 
  but you know it 's still a subreddit and most of the questions are n't of such high value that a little snide remark here and there would n't do some good . 
  then we are in agreement as i do not dispute their existence or achievements . 
  but i am not aware of any society with great cultural attainments , but no reliable agricultural surplus . 
  i know , i know . 
  but sometimes i just want to comment and ca n't . 
  besides lest we forget , some of the questions are n't so very smart either . 
  but what i meant is that a comment thread full of [ deleted ] is a pretty good example of / r/askhistorians . 
  as you might see in the thread / u/santige linked , not a single top level comment was good enough . 
  are you poking fun at the snobs of / r/askhistorians ? 
  because the example thread you posted mainly contains deleted . 
  also the ability to produce an agricultural surplus . 
  it 's not like anybody knows what that h does in there anyway . 
  it 's in the [ cambridge dictionary ] ( https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/mightn-t ) , so it 's real english . 
  migth n't it be closer to a treaty which obliges the swiss to adapt their laws ? 
  if we do n't have border checks then yes , we do need equivalent gun law in all of the borderless area . 
  we ca n't just have boys from a poor neighborhood of brussels buy guns in the balkans so they can shoot up a night club in paris . 
  so yes either leave schengen or deal with it . 
  and if the swiss could n't even be bothered to send their own representatives to the european parliament to help write a better law , which they could have , had they joined the eu , then they should n't even be complaining . 
  do you think it 's easy to run a union with 28 members and three hangers on ? 
  do n't you think swiss input could have been used ? 
  but they refused to help run our eu , all they do is complain every now and then about their o so previous sovereignty , but never when it comes to their duties as a sovereign mind you . 
  if we eu citizens ca n't have our government pass laws in our name because of the swiss who are neither eu members nor even allies of ours , then what sort of freedom do we have ? 
  i say that this almost membership construction that switzerland has towards the eu should be gotten rid of . 
  i think i could say the same about you and your ability to understand what you read . 
  i never brought up the waging of war , you did . 
  i said they both caused people to waste their time on a massive scale . 
  i do n't think i 'm particularly cynical . 
  i see the misleading of hundreds of millions of people as more important than potentially sexual misconduct with one single girl . 
  i do feel that you either do n't understand what i 'm trying to say , or that you did and decided to avoid dealing with my central point by playing word games . 
  this man mohamed worked very hard for a very long time to convince people of events that did n't happen . 
  he made them perform rituals that do n't appease any divinity because gods do n't exist . 
  he made humanity waste lifetimes worth of thought of resources and energy to honor something that is n't real . 
  that 's not a neutral act . 
  that 's not what a hobo does , not even in the desert . 
  and how many of you guys think that mohamed was either a delusional madman , or a charlatan , because there are no gods by any name and they could n't reveal anything to a ` prophet ? ', 
  and if so then is n't a man who convinced hundreds of millions of people to waste so much of their lives and their vital energies on a fantasy even worse than a pedophile ? 
  does n't that make mohamed almost as bad as jesus , whose count of wasted lives is only slightly higher ? 
  maybe if your audience is rich enough . 
  it does n't matter if gibraltars economy suffers , all that spain would care about is the well being of their own economy and their ability to regulate their own markets . 
  as long as that situation is improved by closing the border with gibraltar , that is reason enough to do it . 
  it 's one thing to try to do a stealth annexation of gibraltar , but it is something very different to rationalize the border . 
  gibraltar , like all other small states , thrives on regulatory arbitrage , they change their laws just enough to suck business and tax revenue from spain . 
  now with the eu 's single market coming to an end for the whole uk , new rules will govern the conditions under which gibraltar can get access to spain 's and with it the whole eu 's markets . 
  spain should negotiate as hard as they can to limit opportunities for regulatory arbitrage , not just for their own good , but for all of ours . 
  the main bargaining chip in that negotiation will be the degree to which the border to gibraltar is closed . 
  if you want to find european nature that is not deeply influenced by man , then you need to go to belarus . 
  the european landscape has been dominated by human influence for millennia . 
  there is no oerwoud to be found further east than belarus , or perhaps the edges of eastern poland . 
  farming involved deforestation and that started in prehistory . 
   israel wo n't maintain the territories , it will just annex them . 
  they do n't want the people in those territories , they ca n't make them leave , there is no place for them to go . 
  unless you are arguing that the israeli state is going to perpetrate crimes against humanity , they can not just annex the territories .
