i think the issue you 're talking about only becomes salient if we 're actually going to make policy . 
  it 's very easy to say that you only want to get rid of the bad tax avoidance , but it 's not easy at all to make it any more concrete than that . . 
  but as long as you keep it that vague , i guess you 're never going to get anywhere in the real world . 
  that is why it took me so long to figure out what your point was . 
  i agree that we 're never going to see that trillion euros no matter where that number came from . 
  still i do n't know how they calculated it , but i hope it never contained all subsidy spending . 
  but i still think it will only work if we work on all three issues at the same time . 
  so i think it is very good they name all of them in one breath . 
  we need to attack on those fronts at the national level , within the eu , and probably also abroad to the extent that we can manage . 
  with improved laws and new enforcement mechanisms we can do more to make everyone pay their fair share . 
  i hope that does n't lump them together too much for you . 
   the question then would be , if you agreed entirely with every part of the tax legislation in your country , would you then be happy for people to ensure that they pay the amount required under the law and take advantage of any incentives and credits ? 
  yes , if i were happy with the law then i would be . 
  i just think that much of the underpaid tax comes from people being able to abuse tax law that was poorly written or implement , if it is n't just out of date . 
  so if we 're going to bring the amount people pay into balance with the amount we as a society want them to pay , then we should move on all fronts at the same time . 
  not just by fighting what is criminal , but also by closing the loopholes that allow people to hide entire fortunes from the taxman . 
  for example i think the irish dutch sandwich used by american companies to avoid all corporate taxes is a perfectly legal construct . 
  i still think we should move to ban it . 
  let me use an analogy . 
  in my house i have ants and worms . 
  i want to solve this problem by fumigating the place with gas to poison them . 
  you keep on saying that ants are ants and worms are worms . 
  i do n't disagree , but it does n't really change my preference for not sharing my house with either of them . 
  nor would it mean that my choice for poison would be a bad means to achieve my goals . 
  i say let 's have less of all three , evasion , avoidance , fraud , as they constitute going against the will of the people to have a fairly distributed tax burden . 
  you keep on saying that one is n't a crime and the others are . 
  i do n't see what that adds . 
   you are pushing a bit of a false narrative meaning people are n't making an informed choice . 
  i do n't think i am , i just do n't really get where you are coming from . 
  i do n't see the use of subsidies as necessarily problematic , i do n't mind people changing their spending according to such incentives . 
  i just think that we should all contribute to the national tax burden in a fair way . 
  if s&d go do what they are promising , i wo n't mind one bit . 
  when a subsidy works we keep it , when it no longer works we get rid of it . 
  just like any other part of the tax code . 
  when it is good for the nation to compete with low taxes on business ( because there is no eu wide law to prevent everyone else from doing so ) , then we should join in . 
  when things change on that front , perhaps because s&d gain the power they need to fix it , then our governments should cooperate . 
  sometimes things become a crime , sometimes they do n't . 
  if you keep on taking a subsidy after we have gotten rid of it , then perhaps we should have a closer look at how you got your hands on government money for example . 
  it 's not always a crime to contribute less than your fair share of the tax burden to society . 
  but that does n't mean the rest of society ca n't have a problem with your behavior , or that we should n't encourage our governments to do something about it . 
  but no , not all of the three are crimes , i agree . 
   those who wrote it wanted to distribute the burdens of our government spending fairly across society do you think your lawmakers mind that you use your isa ? 
  are you going against the intention of your tax law ? 
  if you are then it would make a lot of sense for the government to make it less attractive for you to go on doing that . 
  they get to change their minds you know . 
   the court is supposed to look at the intention of the law , and in finland it is especially important to look at preparatory work and the comments on the law when it was created . 
  this is not how all law works , indeed a loophole as i know that word is exactly the opposite . 
  it is when a skilled legal team can magically metamorphose any kind of behavior into something perfectly legal , no matter the intention of the law . 
   why do you want to ` fight ' people looking to minimise their taxes legally ? 
  i do n't . 
  i want to fight people working actively to contribute less than their fair share of the tax burden . 
  how do i know what is fair ? 
  well when the lawfully elected representatives of the people look at the tax code and honestly say it is perfect in every way . 
  even then it 's only perfect until someone changes their minds or the people elect someone else . 
  much of tax avoidance evasion , and fraud all often grow in a bed of poorly enforceable laws . 
  you need to change laws , as well as policy , and enforcement measures , all three together to fight anyone of these issues . 
  might as well do all of them in one swoop . 
  i do n't see why we would n't want people to follow the law , or hold people in contempt . 
  just solve the problem . 
  see we elect these people who are lawmakers for their views , they often have some intention when they make a law . 
  when that law goes into effect and the result of that is n't the same as the original intention of the law , then it is n't so very strange to improve the law . 
  then after some changes the outcomes are closer to the desired result . 
  in this case the desired outcome is a fair distribution of the tax burden . 
  the means to improve that are to get rid of loopholes and tighten oversight . 
  the tension between tax policy and all three is the same . 
  those who wrote it wanted to distribute the burdens of our government spending fairly across society . 
  those who engage in any of those three are moving to contribute less than that agreed burden . 
  the solution is also the same , make it more difficult to engage in all three behaviors by tightening laws and strengthening oversight . 
  so that we can surer that all contribute what we as a society have agreed on as being their fair share . 
  that might not be the strongest example for you , but do you follow the general line of thought ? 
  there are things that they could build in moscow , with money from the provinces , that benefited all under the rule of the ussr . 
  and that that benefit would sometimes be difficult to express in cold hard cash . 
  it would make sense that some of the benefits of rule from moscow wo n't show up in those budgets . 
  for example , as traditionally interpreted a nuclear arsenal buys security from a nuclear attack . 
  to the extent that this is true , building a nuclear arsenal provided the baltic states with security , which is a great benefit . 
  now then that benefit wo n't show up on the national budget no matter how well the records are kept , because you can hardly express it in money . 
  there are more situations where the union is richer than the sum of its parts would be and others where the pure efficiencies of scale lower the costs of everyone . 
  to be honest though i thought most of the ex-soviet republics were mainly upset about the deportations and other crimes against humanity committed under soviet rule . 
  as well as the inability of today 's russia to acknowledge those crimes . 
  why would n't you use purchasing power parity for that currency conversion ? 
  i think the dollars you see in gdp figures are usually purchasing power corrected dollars , sometimes also inflation adjusted to a certain year . 
  so that number is not all that connected to the current dollar exchange rate . 
  i think gdp was originally intended to estimate how formidable a nation could be in war . 
  that 's why we have so many statistics showing a nation 's total gdp . 
  on a rough measure it gives an indication of how powerful a nation is . 
  wealth is not the same thing as gdp . 
  wealth is saved up from year to year , it is things like a savings , a house , a boat , a good education . 
  gdp is the value of the products produced over a year in a particular country . 
  gdp per capita divides the gdp by the total number of inhabitants , so that we can compare countries of differing size . 
  in short this article is not about wealth also italy did n't lose gdp as such , what the charts show is relative gdp per capita compared to the eu 15 average , if that went up in the rest but italy did n't improve , then their line would go down on those charts . 
  it is an indication that the difference between the italian and average eu economy declined , but not that italy got poorer in absolute terms . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i would n't be surprised if st petersburg gets done lights tonight . 
  russian news is not as main stream and the attack was a little late in the day . 
  why would the german people pay so that foreigners can use their roads , if those same foreigners charge toll on their roads ? 
  i think we should move to a system now where charge all drivers for every kilometer they drive on any particular road , then that money goes to the country or private business that built that owns that road . 
  the vvd , which i do n't particularly like either , are not looking for justice . 
  they are expressing a truth about humanity . 
  once a family is rich , they will not give that wealth up voluntarily no matter what the state says . 
  either you offer these people a level of taxation they can live with , or they go abroad where they do n't pay any tax at all .
