this is n't / r/anime , even if it looks like it with this comment section . 
  this is n't / r/anime , even if it looks like it with this comment section . 
  it 's on my ptw too . 
  i 'm away from my computer at the moment and my phone does n't like playing 1080p bd so i might hold off for a few days then binge watch it through a few nights . 
  oh look , i found the source of de nile . 
  same . 
  only started watching a lot about a month ago so i only have 4 days watched on my mal , quite a bit of that from the twitch stream . 
  you seen the english dub of ghost stories ? 
  funniest thing i 've seen . 
  do your part . 
  be weeb trash . 
  huh they 're definitely nor as anthro as i imagined them ... could have sworn they had actual fur . 
   furries  monsters are n't those redundant ? 
  serval from kemono friends is definitely furry , and has 4 ears . 
  most friends there have 4 ears . 
  we meant to be complementing eachother here ? 
  yeah but who 's it of ? 
  i was expecting serval from kemono friends sugoi, 
  fair enough . 
  i did watch it before , but never finished , and skipped the movie , so i 'm just watching it again . 
  plus got ta put it on mal for those stats, 
  brb going to france, 
  i just include guys and girls in the term waifu , because it 's shorter and better known , and hardly anyone says waifu/husbando when asking . 
  https://myanimelist.net/character/30919/ruka_urushibara seems to imply that she does want to be a girl . 
  and that 's made pretty clear in the anime too . 
   also afaik , felix does n't hate subaru in the anime i have n't read the source material , but if you read interviews posted by the author or the source , it 's made pretty clear that felix does n't like subaru , but acts nice to him because felix is n't a dick . 
  anime kinda did a shit job of conveying that though . 
  maybe s2 ( if it comes out ) will expand on that and hopefully explain felix 's backstory . 
  and maybe give him more than 20 minutes screen time . 
  yes , but she may try to feed you her tail . 
  comedy, 
  the main 3 that i see from re zero is emilia ( shit taste ) , rem ( who ? 
  still better than emilia ) and felix ( the catboy trap that kinda hates subaru ) . 
  they come with washing instructions inside them do n't they ? 
  or so i 'm told , i did n't buy one ^ ( yet ) . 
  every waifu is trash except for mine . 
  stein 's gate handled ruka well , i 'd say . 
  even if she 's more of a trans character than a trap . 
  in a fair few ones that i watch at least it 's more stated `` yeah this is a guy '' and than not really brought up again . 
  made in abyss did this , at least in the most recent episode . 
  i just want to see results for are traps gay . 
  ( they are ), 
  hates . 
  the entire map is red in varying shades . 
  ravioli ravoli do n't lewd the dragon loli, 
  no they just really liked one character from re zero, 
  i did n't tag my exact address because i 'm not fucking stupid but a 1km general location . 
  yeah but who ? 
  yeah but which one from re zero ? 
  you taking part in the k on rewatch ? 
  we 've just about finished s1 . 
  no , traps themselves are n't gay , there 's plenty of straight trap characters . 
  ( i do n't actually know of any gay ones ) wanting to bang one is . 
  as in spice and wolf or kemono friends kind ? 
  first one is n't really that furry . 
  kemono friends is . 
  ( and it 's getting a season 2 ), 
  i would too if i loved mugi over asunyan, 
  pretty sure the one on the left is from { yahari ore no seishun love comedy wa machigatteiru } / u/roboragi unless bots are banned here, 
  proper random sampling can let you make pretty accurate judgements of a population without asking everyone . 
  if your sample is unbiased , then you need a lot less people than you think you do to have a good accuracy . 
  unless it 's just cooling down now and it 's been cooked already . 
  it 's not massively great as a general purpose calculator ( no variables , and you have to keep track of if you 're using you have : or you want : . 
  i might re-write it in python , then add support for variables and other more complicated operators . 
  most of the work is really in the definitions file , which is already made . 
  the vast majority of the definitions file is just expressing a ratio , only a small amount is any more complex than `` an inch is 2.54 cm '' . 
  you have : tempc ( 42 ) you want : tempf 107.6 gnu units . 
  pretty useful for conversions like you have : 8 cents per gb per month you want : gbp per 800gb per year * 588.74358 if i wanted to check how much per year it would cost to store 800gb of data yearly , with it converting all 3 elements seamlessly . 
   we would n't mind taking some of your heat if you 're not using all of it . 
  yes i fucking would mind . 
  it got like 25 degrees a few times , that 's too hot for me . 
  especially with absolutely no ac and a computer running 24/7 in my room . 
  throwing a road barrier at someone could kill them too , ca n't it ? 
  my writing style is a bit fucked . 
  it used to be 1 . 
  do n't ever capitalise the first word of the first sentence in a post . 
  do so for all the others , but never the first one . 
  never use a full stop at the end of a post if it 's the only sentence ( i still tend to do this ) . 
  always use markdown formatting like numbered lists to make your post seem more serious and formal than it really is . 
  might make people a hell of a lot less reliant on them , which would be good . 
  though i ca n't say much , i 'd be completely unable to send or recieve emails , even if i do have a local copy . 
  so basically yt 's content id system ? 
   microsoft is not a monopoly when it comes to browsers well , not anymore . 
  they used to be . 
  oh , and being at something like 60 or 70 degrees c is incredibly easy to deal with ? 
  you 're comparing extreme cold to a slightly warm day . 
  if it 's anything like here ( uk ) , it 's bitching about it on reddit and to other people about `` it 's ot '' . 
  that , and intentionally staying in places with ac ( because fuck off if you think your own house has any method to keep cool , it does n't ), 
  and honestly , that would more accurately reflect the real world . 
  it 's highly unlikely that when you 're doing your job that you 're told `` no , you ca n't look this up . 
  you have to memorise it '' . 
  so how easy is it to immegrate to sweden ? 
  german , judging off the comment history . 
  just looking for image files that the size is n't expected would find that . 
  and tar bombs can be prevented against by limiting the decompressed data size . 
  that 's pretty easy to detect if you look at the data . 
   not to mention that like 9/10ths of the comments link to removed comments ca n't people see their * own * deleted comments ? 
  pretty sure i 've had plenty of my own comments removed and i can still see them . 
  if they were fined something like 20 % of their annual income ( not profit , not like it matters too much for them ) , then they 'd probably fucking pay attention . 
  that 's what , 5 billion usd ?
