  turkey does n't seem to mind collectively blaming and punishing men . 
  i remember when fenerbah\u00e7e banned all men from the stadium one game . 
  you 'd think this would be one of the things turkey could be spared of . 
  i would eat that . 
  the gap is the gate . 
  come to \u00d6vertorne\u00e5 next weekend for [ mygg-vm ] ( http://myggvm.se/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/10995621_10152843995105938_6048828988227667420_o.jpg ), 
  this is how northern sweden looks , i would say it differs from how norway usually looks . 
  good luck finding a place to live in stockholm . 
  i 'm certain that i was told noone knew what black pool actually refers to . 
  what pool ? 
  are you doing reposts today ? 
  get a pump from the trocadero up to the top of the tower and let it go around . 
  what sort of complex do you have ? 
  they should build a modernised one in la defense , like with the modern arc de trioumphe . 
  a turn of the century art nouveau folly would n't look good there . 
  5 looks like the eiffel tower is on life support . 
  other countries likes to talk a lot but really everyone tried to stay neutral , we just had enough to offer to keep it . 
  too late for what ? 
  european forests are doing better than ever . 
  from svalbard ? 
  netherlands and portugal again proving legalisation/decriminalisation does n't cause massive cannabis use . 
  flodiller, 
  you sound more like the germans you 're against . 
  long exposure . 
  why single out germany with such a ridiculous rule ? 
  bring home the prettiest aliens . 
  well i really hate walking and would definitely not do it in long distances when many different other options are available . 
  but i know many people like this sort of thing so basically the answer is `` for fun '' i suppose . 
  sweden was not even allowed to extradite without the approval of the uk . 
  he was not wanted for questioning , he was wanted for arrest . 
  sweden is simply not legally allowed to give him such a guarantee . 
  still nice i 'd say . 
  thank god someone got it !, 
  seems a bit damn generalising to label a whole nationality like this no ? 
  it 's like a sauna out there . 
  is this the outside perspective people have ? 
  i have a couple of finnish friends in finland , we like to play the bob ross drinking game over skype . 
   mosquitos - the swedish version is called knots or something like it . 
  fuck those little assholes . 
  knott are smaller ones that bite , mosquitos are mygg . 
  come here for [ mygg-vm !, 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dcgnmtnxyaac5jv.jpg ) regarding beer , just go to systembolaget , the beer selection is excellent , even in smaller towns . 
  well i agree fully and it was an edge case , that 's why we must take these things to court no ? 
  i believe he was accused of having sex with a woman when she was asleep , after that a police report was made against him and then he was under investigation of rape . 
  feels quite natural to me . 
  no it 's quite alright , i was not offended , it 's just that these sort of things gets thrown around all the time regarding sweden and it 's getting a bit old . 
  it 's not just this , but story after story coming from sweden being distorted into something absolultey ridiculous . 
   - godawful cuisine ( the infamous surstromming comes to mind ) it 's not , swedish cuisine is actually great . 
  you should try it before dissing . 
   - shitty pop music yeah that 's what leaves the country , the good stuff ( and there 's a lot ) is n't normally known abroad . 
  actually i think the dutch are first in the most recent one . 
  sweden , the netherlands and denmark tend to switch around the top position every year . 
   weird scary rape laws . 
  swedish women are hot but i 'd be too scared to get laid there . 
  i think you 've read too much internet with too little source criticism . 
  what laws are you refering to exactly ? 
  you live in a country where women can not be legally charged of rape . 
  usually not that much . 
  i like berries in yoghurt ( blueberries , raspberries and strawberries ) . 
  sometimes at work i 'll have scrambled eggs with sausage , tomato and mushrooms ( i live in ireland ) . 
  if i 'm off i prefer a bloody mary . 
  it 's ridiculous but spain has bigger problems than this . 
  sounds kinda good ? 
  it 's inspired by [ this statue ] ( http://photos.wikimapia.org/p/00/01/82/17/47_big.jpg ) , guy who killed some danes . 
  reminds me of how honda fitta had to change the name of their car to honda jazz in sweden because `` fitta '' means cunt/pussy . 
  i 'm gutted , wanted juve to win . 
  seeing gigi after the loss was hard . 
  it does n't have much prestige in europe though . 
  yeah send her [ this ] ( http://ww4.hdnux.com/photos/05/47/11/1471067/3/1024x1024.jpg ), 
  swedish site has same numbers as turkish site . 
  and they did find the explosives before anything happened . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i really liked killarney , were you in a town called kilkee ? 
  i loved that place . 
  maybe , i only did it as a kid , no vodka . 
   it 's like having a horned helmet and longboats to represent all of europe . 
  good idea !, 
  add some viking shit op, 
  what if we wink at the same time ? 
  ice fishing is sader than a puppy hanging itself while watching the begining of up ! . 
  around 18c and cloudy in dublin , just how i like it . 
  or it could be a simple mistake . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is good , learn to eat fermented food . 
  i think it 's the imported from america-shelf . 
   johny rockets we have eddie rockets in dublin , i wonder if they are similar . 
  their restaurant have [ classic american diner interior design ] ( http://www.westmeathexaminer.ie/cache/f6990220a0b0a0ed6a692982eaeadf1e.jpg ), 
  never buy soft drinks imported from the us , fucking corn syrup is repulsive . 
  lovely , i will sneak in my own photos taken a couple of weeks ago into this thread . 
  that 's a really swedish thing to say . 
  i have lived in a heavy immigrant suburb . 
  they have what is basically parallell societies , arabic kids go to school with hardly any swedish children , their neighbours are arabic , the guys in the shops are arabic and their potentional work is often in their suburb so generally they do n't ever have to leave the immigrant suburb . 
  many peoples ' only contact with swedish society is government agencies and they now produce documents in their mother language and have interpretators . 
  of course where they grow up fucking matters . 
  it depends greatly on where they grow up . 
  why do you think that ? 
  pretty bold statement . 
  we will just forget . 
  maybe , i really do n't care . 
  i care about my country following its own laws and procedures and not giving special treatment to a celebrity in order to `` look good '' . 
  that 's fine but why do you care what they call it ?
