all of them were surely ? 
  who makes an opinion poll in a few days ? 
  eh much old architecture is perfectly functional today , in fact city planning nowadays is starting to look much more at old european city planning than modern american cities , few people want to live in sprawling big cites designed after car traffic today . 
  also let 's not forget about the aesthetic and historic value of architecture , functionality isnt everything . 
  both neoclassisist but that 's really the only similarity i see , the king 's towers were built in 20s style . 
  reminds me more of new york and chicago architecture from the same time . 
  too much big skyscrapers in european cities tend to ruin the already existing architecture of the cities , that 's why we like to keep them in specific areas or a bit on the outskirts . 
  i like frankfurt but would n't want every city in europe to look like that . 
  james connolly perhaps ? 
  yeah and often covered in left wing propaganda . 
  maybe this http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/trump-dublin-us-president-buys-liberty-hall-to-build-5-star-hotel-1.3032003, 
  we have started calling it christer himmelf\u00e4rdsdag as a tribute to [ christer fuglesang ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christer_fuglesang ) . 
  pretty sure ultras mean the same thing all over europe . 
  ultras are members of supporter groups , what they `` are to you '' is n't really interesting is it ? 
  you 're talking about hooligans which frequent in some ultra groups or firms but you can not say all ultras are hooligans . 
  look up what ultras are , fuck sake . 
  what extremism ? 
  i can assure you the entirety of the blame is put on ygeman and the legislators , swedish ultras and supporters are in a long war with the fa and politicians systematically trying to ruin the supporter culture , they know muslims have nothing to do with this . 
  but this law is so ridiculous that it 's probably aiding the ultras cause . 
  [ as a bajare i have to disagree ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pktdijgu99i ), 
  no it 's about english football firms . 
  swedish ultras are more about supporting the club and creating great tifos , they 're two different worlds . 
  do some research , we have pretty good ultras . 
  no we do n't, 
  really good looking 2 . 
  absolutley hideous, 
  they should have kept the calmer colours of the old ones . 
  we ate up south africa early on . 
  noone saw , noone heard . 
  it 's fine . 
  i was in paris half a year ago , it was still paris . 
  yeah i live in dublin , locking my doors . 
  thanks ireland, 
  nice, 
  if they dont allow refueling , your citro\u00ebn could win . 
  hardly better in ireland . 
  now it 's just a map of irrelevant countries . 
  i look for northern sweden then i put my hand over where denmark should be and enjoy the map . 
  they also hate moglu , dicks . 
  well the interesting thing is they mostly seem to be on the different ends of the spectrum , not much in the middle . 
  so a lot of them are moderate but at the same time a lot of them are strongly conservative . 
  i do n't get how mobile phones are relevant here ? 
  i mean [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/mediatechnologyandtelecoms/11689464/how-sweden-became-the-startup-capital-of-europe.html ), 
  sweden is doing alright i think . 
  especially stockholm . 
  yeah i though spotify would be on top . 
  as a swede in ireland i would really like the monopoly in sweden to end . 
  the only thing i 'd miss is the great selection in the systembolaget shops . 
  i would say that even in the furniture industry , despite ikea , sweden can be known for high quality products . 
  100 % made in italy quality hubris, 
  i 've got a camera tripod from west germany , my mum had it before me . 
  aran wool yeah , good stuff . 
  are n't most of them chinese nowadays ? 
  ** swedish steel **, 
  does n't europe make even more guns than the us ? 
  i 'll take two !, 
  festland , every day is a party . 
  i prefer something that distinguishes each logo . 
  they should follow the same graphic profile but have an element that shows what they do . 
  you probably do n't look at maps a lot . 
  none of us . 
  sorry , we good ? 
  rightful independent jamtlandian clay , jamtland jamtland j\u00e4mt \u00e5 st\u00e4ndutt !, 
  norway did n't even put a crown on the top of our shield , they never considered us truly norwegian . 
  i dunno here on / r/europe sometimes we 're basically responsible for the refugee crisis . 
  were you even at school ? 
  were you even trying germany ? 
  riga is there . 
  hopefully scanians aswell, 
  ecb, 
  ah cheers . 
  could this whole infograph be somewhat distorted then ? 
  considering other countries are also home to eu institutions ( belgium and germany ) . 
  gotland is strategically delicious for whoever wants to control the baltic sea . 
  hinting meeans not explicitly talking about what you 're hinting on . 
  so what 's resulting in luxembourg recieving as much money as sweden and slovakia ? 
  * languages, 
  we speak different languages . 
  it 's not about materialism it 's about power , these churches are monuments to god and make people feel small , insignificant and submissive . 
  are you calling irish and scottish anglo ? 
  that 's st pauli 's job . 
  can you easily distinguish them ? 
  i always assume canadians are americans anyway . 
  deepends on the context i think , i have n't seen the picture in use but if a political party is using a famous person in their campaigning without them knowing then it 's kind of bad . 
  if it 's just a casual photo of the politician like `` here 's me with the footballer '' i do n't see the problem . 
  it 's actually ruling against first-class citizen status for religious people . 
  scotland could join the sweden-finland collaboration . 
  i did n't mind the first one either . 
  get rid of the balconies as you said and give it a repaint and it 's a nice looking building . 
  the combination of red brick and white is so boring to me , yellow brick and white would look so much better . 
  [ if you move yourself a bit ] ( https://www.likealocalguide.com/media/cache/a4/07/a407982141031d37660936effad2460c.jpg ), 
  stockholm is built on 16 islands . 
  you can buy up to 3,5 % in stores and anything in pubs at 18 . 
  how so ? 
  no i mean how do you know women want to study more or less than men ? 
  what does the numbers say about equality then ? 
  the title of the article is women 's equality , then it starts off by disregarding equality . 
  my opinion is the text i quoted does n't in any way touch on equality , that 's not just my opinion but also reality . 
  possibly because of many reasons . 
  maybe they want to work more ?
