  or maybe it 's because they get lower grades in secondary school . 
  i just does n't , read it again . 
  it does n't show equality , that 's my point . 
  trivial slight vandalism vs draconian littering laws and cleanliness ? 
  i know what i 'm picking . 
  guy seems like an insufferable perfectionist . 
  not sure what you wonder . 
  i think his videos are overall good and unbiased . 
   estonia , ireland , cyprus , lithuania , finland and sweden have the biggest proportion of women that are high-achievers when it comes to education . 
  who cares ? 
  why not bring up the most equal countries instead ? 
  they seem to suggest male dominance = bad , female dominance = good . 
  were n't there like a bunch of people claiming to be high kings of ireland ? 
  i 'm an expat in ireland , this is simply wrong . 
  yes lingonberries !, 
  notice it says kingdoms of ireland , not kingdom . 
  it was probably less united then than it ever was . 
  we benefit from gender equality , not necesarilly feminism . 
  makes it a bit scary today how trump is mates with alex jones . 
  it 's quite an interesting read here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rescue_of_the_danish_jews especially this part :  the danish physicist niels bohr , whose mother was jewish , made a determined stand for his fellow countrymen in a personal appeal to the swedish king and government ministers . 
  [ 8 ] king gustav v granted him an audience after a persuasive call from greta garbo , who knew bohr . 
  [ 9 ] he was spirited off to sweden , whose government arranged immediate transport for him to the united states to work on the then top-secret manhattan project . 
  when bohr arrived on swedish soil , government representatives told him he had to board an aircraft immediately for the united states . 
  bohr refused . 
  he told the officials , and eventually the king , that until sweden announced over its airwaves and through its press that its borders would be open to receive the danish jews , he was n't going anywhere . 
  bohr wrote of these events himself . 
  [ 10 ] as related by the historian richard rhodes , [ 8 ] on september 30 bohr persuaded king gustaf v of sweden to make public sweden 's willingness to provide asylum , and on october 2 swedish radio broadcast that sweden was ready to receive the jewish refugees . 
  ah that makes sense , so it is just the step inbetween . 
  i think it 's more likely that the origin was roslagen , a place in sweden . 
  the rus vikings got their name from roslagen in sweden . 
  i think this is the most insane court decision i 've heard of in sweden , absolutley fucking horrendous . 
  yes , france falling to fn would definitely take the biggest toll on europe . 
  would n't be surprised , in ireland they serve lasagna with chips . 
   i would imagine norwegians would feel similarly about finland !, 
  probably only when it comes who can roid up the most . 
  the rivalry mostly shows itself in sport nowadays . 
  sweden vs denmark in football sweden vs finland in hockey sweden vs norway in cross country skiing obviously we 're the only ones who are decent at all of them . 
  is this ten years ago ? 
  let 's not undermine the threat like we did with brexit and trump . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  tiramisu, 
  wood, 
  fuck is wrong with parsley ? 
  yes, 
  it 's pickled cucumber and lingonberries , they go excellently well with meatballs . 
  i understand people will usually go with what 's more familiar to them , that 's normal . 
  i absolutley love smoked eel . 
  oh we do too . 
  well seems many people go to ikea and think they have had k\u00f6ttbullar . 
  i think you should worry more about your balls looking like chicken . 
  why pickle anything ? 
  because it 's delicious . 
  you should try it . 
  meat is brown . 
  it 's supposed to be brown . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is actually really nice when prepared correctly . 
  also the dutch do n't know how to do pickled herring , they have no finesse . 
  [ here 's how you do it . 
  ] ( http://www.seriouseats.com/images/20110623-sweden-kladesholmen-salt-and-sill-herring.jpg ), 
  have you had the swedish ones ? 
  it 's gravy with cream , stock and stuff in it . 
  the yellow thing is mashed potatoes . 
  why ? 
  egg and button mushrooms . 
  i 'm not a big fan of english or irish breakfast , it feels unbalanced in taste , i need more fresh with it . 
  but i absolutley love a mushroom toast together with some tea or a bloody mary . 
  wienerschnitzel is certainly superior , but i 'd happily eat both . 
  where are the capers though ? 
  it was just some guy , a hezbollah supporter also . 
  i 'm definitely not going to take his word for that his estimations of the refugee population are correct . 
  both the negatives and positives should definitely be questioned yes . 
  what do you mean ? 
  when have i claimed expertise ? 
  `` said some guy '', 
  we all do . 
  today , absolutley not . 
  maybe some time in the future . 
  i had moules frites in brussells , it 's nothing special but i think they go well together and it 's nice that you can find it anywhere . 
  have n't tried the dutch one , looks a bit gray but it can probably be nice . 
  no vikings were danes , denmark did n't exist . 
  i mean if you 're finnish should n't you know this ? 
  the city of vaasa was named after the long reigning house of vasa of sweden . 
  ok you know about vasa well done . 
  that only time in history a ship sank . 
   i 've travelled enough to recognize a tourist trap when i see one . 
  clearly you have n't, 
  they were also light enough to be carried between rivers on land . 
  no it does n't mean that you fucking mong . 
  did you just rename earth ? 
  nasa goes to russia when they need to send people up to iss , space agencies collaborate all the time , it 's normal . 
  happy birthday !, 
  immigration of refugees is a sacrifice and a strain on society , to suggest that it is n't would be a huge insult to the swedish people . 
  i assume with hope that the default position of the government is that they know it 's a sacrifice but a sacrifice for doing good . 
  i would n't mind if trump called us out regarding the `` humanitarian superpower '' - bullshit , i would even agree , but this is different . 
  np that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  what governments do and what private people or organisations do is completely different . 
  if a government spreads false insidious propaganda about the us i will attack them the same way . 
  trump has never provided any such points though , all he has talked about is the current situation and pointed to pure scaremongering propaganda showcasing the alleged chaos of current situation . 
  what he 's doing is damaging the brand of sweden and especially malm\u00f6 . 
  when i hear foreigners talk about malm\u00f6 it 's almost always in a bad light and we get a ton of posts we got in / r/sweden from people wondering if it 's safe to come to malm\u00f6 .
