i do n't think you necessarily have to be in parliament to be a politician . 
  he 's still officially leader of ukip i think . 
  can someone eli5 what makes le pen far right ? 
  i 've not followed her , but i 've seem people give conflicting views on what her politics are . 
  just for a bit of context : farage & team were involved in trumps campaign - this is not an ` official ' meeting , it just seems as though they 've got a bit of a bromance going on . 
  i would have liked the government to trigger article 50 immediately , but in reality it just was n't feasible . 
  david cameron resigned , the labour party blew up and we still had to create a team that could deal with the process . 
   i think the only reason to postpone this is to wait for enough political events to happen to make people change their minds and have another referendum . 
  i hear this a lot over on / r/europe , but it does n't stack up with whats actually happening in government . 
  i think people here get confused about which parties are trying to delay things and which are trying to push it though . 
  many of the actual government cabinet members are ardent eurosceptics , lots of time and money has been put into new departments , the government are fighting and appealing court action which is trying to block their progress and we appear to be reaching out to other countries to start discussing trade . 
  nothing that the government has done indicates that there 's any reason to think that they 're trying to have another referendum , quite the opposite . 
  it 's worth remembering that parliament was in recess between july and september , so little was done during that time . 
  since then , there 's been a lot happening . 
  a good british cuisine like a chicken tikka masala sounds good . 
  maybe i can take you out for food one day ? 
  the first time in a while i 've upvoted something you 've said  whether we like it or not , the situation is what it is . 
  being hostile to someone who has some pretty bad ideas is a sure fire way to not find some compromises . 
  i would n't want the eu to take the uk back . 
  i imagine the supreme court will have to take that bit to the ecj before making any decision . 
  but again - do n't quote me on that because i do n't know for sure . 
  thanks, 
  `` during '' , which i imagine can mean after negotiating but before it 's ratified . 
  however , i do n't know for sure . 
  they have always planned to do it in march . 
  they 've had to build up a negotiating team here in the uk and fill out their new departments first . 
  the government are n't the ones that want to drag this out - the opposition parties are the ones that wish to make this difficult . 
  before anyone does n't read the article : arguing that it can be reversed means they can trigger article 50 without parliamentary approval ( because sovereignty is not lost ) . 
  this allows the government to get things going , push on with negotiations , and then parliament has the option to vote on whether or not to reverse the article . 
  seems sensible to me , and all sides should be happy with this . 
  great way to kick off a new relationship . 
  poor welsh, 
  then you were misinformed . 
  every politician campaigning for brexit said exactly the same thing - we wish to cooperate with european countries but not be in the european union . 
  i 'm all for cooperation . 
  i always have been . 
  however , i do n't think the uk should be part of the eu . 
  shit posting ? 
  what ? 
  oh sorry , are you upset because i have differing opinions to you ? 
  your comment history is enlightening . 
  cool . 
  cooperation is good . 
  looks like this article was weirdly removed because it 's `` off topic '' . 
  i think a mod made a mistake . 
  if * this * is off topic , then surely 90 % of the articles submitted here are off topic too . 
  aye , like i said - the un population data does n't distinguish between people actually eligible to vote and those not , which makes your percentages invalid . 
  about 13 % of the uk population are foreign born . 
  many of those will be ineligible to vote . 
  i 'm confused as to what exact data you 're using ... 
  the population stats do n't seem to be broken up into the correct population bands ( unless i 'm looking in the wrong place ? 
  ) , it also does n't distinguish between which of those are eligible to register to vote and those that are not ( i.e. 
  immigrants ) . 
  am i just looking in the wrong place or are you using misleading stats ? 
   65.4 % where did you get that figure from ? 
  the turnout was 72.2 %, 
  instead of attempting to counteract these things , maybe it 'd be better to understand the reason behind the growth of anti-globalisation and nationalist upsurges ? 
  if people are willing to hurt themselves economically or elect a tv star as president to try to force a change , i do n't think drawing battle lines is going to help your cause . 
  people are sick and tired of being told how they should feel about things . 
  seven dead now : /, 
  jeez . . there 's more black men in france than i realised, 
  this is pretty horrific : / it 'd usually be huge news over here , but it 's completely overshadowed by the election . 
   `` we are a country of immigrants . 
  so , i think that blaming the economic ills in our country on immigration is not fair , '' said michael douglas . 
  not really . 
  i think he 's spent a bit too much time in london . 
  before ww2 there was very little immigration into the country . 
   `` i walked around london early yesterday morning and there 's a lot of construction going on and all i heard ( around these sites ) was romanian language . 
  there are a lot of immigrants who are doing work that maybe people in that country choose not to do , '' douglas added . 
  uh , i 'm guessing bankers do n't particularly want to do construction work , but fairly sure the british construction workers would welcome it . 
  this is n't a real article . 
  mods , pls delete . 
  tomorrow they 'll say something different . 
  good . 
  it sounds like they 're going to push through a simple bill that deals only worth triggering article 50 , which is correct . 
  labour are making noises that suggest they wo n't block this . 
  dealing with the future relationship with the eu is a different matter and should be dealt with separately . 
   the protest is happening in parliament square , you can see both westminster and the supreme court from there . 
  the telegraph headline is a bit misleading , it could just as easily be titled , `` nigel farage to lead 100,000-strong march on westminster on day of historic brexit court hearing . '', 
  / u/sulod in [ ukpolitics thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/5bir3z/nigel_farage_to_lead_100000strong_march_on/ ) parliament square is where many of our protests are held . 
  planet earth 2 episode 1 was the best bit of tv i 've seen in years . 
  taken over by brexiteers ? 
  uk related articles get posted here constantly , and the majority of those are from pro-eu/anti-brexit people . 
  case in point - the op of the very thread you 're replying to : https://www.reddit.com/user/new-atlantis/submitted/ but yes , lets blame it on the brexiteers . 
  it 's also quite funny that the only article you 've submitted to reddit is about brexit , and pretty much every single comment reply you 've ever made on reddit is about brexit . 
  if anyone 's wondering why this is posted , one of the judges from the recent ruling was one of the founders of this organisation . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/8585750/frank-field-migrants-take-nine-out-of-10-jobs.html  in the first year of the coalition , 87 per cent of the 400,000 newly created jobs have gone to immigrants -- as britons fail to chase work , according to new official figures uncovered by the labour mp . 
  under previous labour administrations the figure was about 80 per cent . 
   anyone with an education above high school voted to stay your own link shows that this is not true . 
  both sixth form and higher education show an almost 50/50 split . 
  the only one that shows a significant margin to remain is the degree category . 
   why do people not realize that without the single market many of their jobs are going away ? 
  many jobs do not rely on the single market . 
  some do , sure . 
  however , the vast majority of newly created jobs in the uk are taken by immigrants into the country . 
   why are they so hell bent on immigration when it 's just a bogeyman different things matter to different people . 
  some people do not like that their communities have changed so rapidly in such a short amount of time . 
  some people dislike it for other reasons . 
  just because it might not be something that affects * you * , it does n't mean it does n't affect others . 
  the last 3 polls have been 28 % , 27 % and 27 % .
