  the point is that leaving the eu opens a lot more long term possibilities to us . 
  anyway , i sense a change of attitude from you today - according to my chrome plugin i 've upvoted you +64 times in the past , but in this thread you 're super hostile . 
  what 's caused the change in attitude ? 
   i 've heard far more about companies leaving than big investments . 
  actually leaving or just threatening to leave ? 
  there 's a huge difference . 
  many are using threats to try to get the government to secure single market access . 
   it baffles me how people think the uk will prosper outside of the eu . 
  in the short and medium term it 's very unlikely that we will . 
  in the long term there 's certainly a lot of potential for us to do very well . 
  it 's also worth mentioning the inherent risks in the eu itself - i recommend watching some lectures by [ mark blyth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s31vlg8qi78 ) who talks about it . 
  admittedly , he 'd have voted remain still . 
  i think you 're letting yourself be too polarised on this issue . 
  some companies have spoken about leaving , others have just committed to big investments in the uk . 
  companies do n't invest big if they think things are going to shit . 
  will we get a great deal ? 
  unlikely . 
  however , it also seems likely that the eu will need to cushion themselves a fair amount because things are n't exactly politically and economically stable right now . 
  some countries are barely keeping their heads above water and any disruption could cause some serious problems . 
  we have a $ 191b trade imbalance . 
  we buy lots . 
  we are the eus biggest export market ( admittedly , much of that is because we 're still in the eu ) . 
  the fact that we 're an import economy is some level of leverage . 
  64 million relatively wealthy customers . 
  that said , i do n't think we 'll get a good deal so do n't think the government should even prioritise it right now - we should be looking towards nafta . 
  hard brexit to start with ( within the 1-2 years ) , then a limited fta ( covering certain sectors ) will be put in place within the next 3-4 years . 
  they do n't look like isil to me . 
  they 're wearing balaclavas and high-vis jacke ... oh i see . 
  because they 're political figures with a reasonably large backing . 
  the bbc has also done interviews with other french political figures recently . 
  do you think people with political views you disagree with should be silenced ? 
  fairly misleading title . 
  they ca n't `` intervene in article 50 triggering '' as such . 
  it has been ruled that they are allowed to make their case to the court . 
  as it says in the article , the possibility of scotland having a veto is very slim . 
   i guess this means that we ca n't go to war with france again fuck 2016 :(, 
  `` new members '' is absolutely irrelevant . 
  members do n't get you in power , public support does . 
  labour public support is ridiculously low right now . 
  labour were part of the 2016 wild ride because they exploded and have barely reformed . 
  ... plus they voted for the snoopers charter . . 
  ... and labour . . 
  really ? 
  i 'd better stop looking at that illegal shit , then . 
  waaaaahhhh but you have n't left yet wwaaaaahhhhh, 
  they live in luxembourg . 
  they are no loss to the uk workforce . 
  so uh , how many of them were considering citizenship before the referendum ? 
   further findings showed that seven out of ten owned property in luxembourg and eight out of ten planned to stay in luxembourg long-term . 
  i feel it 's quite unsurprising that people living in another country ( and owning property there ) might be considering citizenship . 
  not really . 
  people were asked the questions in isolation . 
  the key to humour is often self-loathing or sarcasm . 
  in a sense , that 's how self-loathing is made palatable . 
  i think turkey should take the place of the uk once we 've left . 
  glhf . 
  relevant how ? 
  i think it 's a no-brainer that most people would say that they want to `` give priority to british people '' when being asked that question , as the majority of the people asked are british . 
  people are also very aware of some companies * only * advertising abroad so that they can pay far cheaper wages . 
  this is not the same as what you 're implying , though . 
   but several polls showed that having total control over immigration policies is the strongest factor among the leave voters sure , but why are you trying to link `` control over immigration '' with `` stealing our jobs '' ? 
  there 's a whole variety of reasons why people want control over immigration - from social/integration concerns , overpopulation , compression of wages , pressure on services.etc . 
  spoken like someone who did n't actually watch the debates . 
  nobody said `` immigrants are stealing our jobs '' . 
  that 's a / r/europe meme . 
  people are concerned about many things , including wage compression . 
  this is not the same as `` the economy being bad '' . 
  you can have a ` good ' economy with compressed wages . 
   wait a second , did n't you leave the eu cause things were going terribly bad in your country ? 
  society is overprotecting themselves to the point where people will be too scared to help others anymore in case they offend . 
  it was written by a company that has no input or access to government departments , so the `` leaked memo '' was essentially just an opinion piece . 
  plan what the worst case scenario would be , understand what industries would be hit the hardest , understand how long they 'd need to react to the change , consider which relationships are the most important outside of the eu . 
  you ca n't exactly put measures in place , but you can gain as much understanding of the potential impact as possible so you 're not on the back foot if it does happen . 
  pretty much everything that cameron should 've had sorted before the uk referendum . 
  i 'm not sure where you 're getting your news , but the governments position has been consistent since the referendum result was called . 
   it 's how he presented his case pretty much during the eu referendum though . 
  when ? 
  i 've not seen him do that . 
  calling it a ` post-brexit slump ' is a bit silly , considering tourism was increasing in london just a couple of months ago . 
  i 'm interested to see any actual data sets if anyone knows where to find them . 
  trying to look at data in isolation like this is pointless . 
  2 % master race, 
   i 'm sorry , having an entire side being bullied , threatened , and made too scared to speak is not something to score political points on ? 
  clearly you do n't have a fucking clue what you 're talking about . 
  unsure of source . 
   citi are also moving 800 new jobs to belfast . 
  and they 're not just `` exploring options for office space '' , the offices have already been bought and announced since the brexit vote happened . 
  the ceo was also in belfast the day before he was in dublin . 
  i guess that does n't fit the `` brexodus '' narrative though . 
  from / u/horatiowellson, 
  i 've never in my real life experienced anyone say anything against jews - so it was quite a shock to me recently hearing that there was an `` antisemitic '' problem within the labour party here . 
  weird stuff . 
  you should n't hate people just because they 're secret lizard people that control the world . 
  ah i see , the guardian have since changed the url and the title to something less stupid . 
  english flag often is . 
  it 's regularly associated with football hooliganism and far-right groups . 
  i believe 1/3 of english people actually consider the english flag to be a `` racist symbol '' , which is a real shame . 
  the union jack is n't so much , though . 
  why did you change the title to something more misleading ? 
  `` hints '' makes it sound like he has more control over such a decision than he does have .
