  anyway , most countries countries tend to think it 's already gone a bit too far , and only a few are pushing for further integration : http://www.europeansocialsurvey.org/docs/about/united-kingdom-in-the-european-context.pdf, 
  b. . . but i thought the uk was a 3rd world country now ... 
  you tell a lie to try to encourage debate ? 
   but this actually signals a wish for more and better europe , not a return to the past which ass did you pull that from ? 
  very few people want more integration . 
  i 'd be fascinated to learn how many brits genuinely move to europe as a result of brexit . 
  i 'm going to take a guess and say that net migration to europe from the uk will not change at all . 
  / remindme 2 years, 
  i feel like these articles are getting quite desperate . 
  if we keep saying it might not happen then maybe it wont happen !, 
  --  the conservative government has a small majority of just 12 seats . 
  irrelevant . 
   prime minister theresa may is pro-remain . 
  barely , and also irrelevant . 
  she 's also made it very ( very ) clear that `` brexit means brexit '' . 
   a majority of mps are pro-remain . 
  `` parliament had a clear pro-remain bias since over 70 % of all mps and over 50 % of conservative mps supported remain , '' according to morgan stanley . 
  and ? 
  the majority of mps on all sides have also said they respect the result of the referendum . 
   the government faces a general election in 2020 , right after the uk -- in theory -- leaves the eu . 
   one million uk voters live in eu countries . 
  the vast majority of them will vote against any government that threatens their eu residency status . 
  yet the poll from yesterday shows that conservative support just grew by 10 % ... 
  completely irrelevant too because we 'd be out by then . 
   reduced access to the single market will hurt the economy . 
  the mere prospect of it is already triggering a recession in the second half of this year . 
  triggering a recession ? 
  i 'm sure i read yesterday that the prediction was just slowed growth . 
   do the tories really want to go into the 2020 election defending a policy that hurts the economy and increases unemployment ? 
  do the tories really want to go into 2020 having ignored 52 % of the population ? 
  many of which are tory voters . 
   and considering that the british job market is quite poor right now source ? 
  last [ article ] ( http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/news/article-3693476/jobs-150-000-referendum-shock-boss-reed-says-majority-firms-no-plans-freeze-recruitment.html ) i read ( a couple of days ago ) said there 's been an increase in jobs advertised , alongside unemployment being at an [ 11 year low ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36844302 ) ( published yesterday ) . 
   the figures , published on thursday by the health and social care information centre and covering the period of april 2015 to march 2016 , show that in 18 cases the practice had been undertaken in the uk 18 too many , mind you . 
  i 've genuinely lost track of what point you 're trying to make . 
  conversing with you does n't seem to be making things clearer for me , so i 'm hoping that someone else will come along and explain what it is you 're trying to say in a more rational way . 
  euroscepticism increased over time as the eu changed to something that was n't originally voted for . 
  your responses are becoming increasingly erratic and hard to follow , and i 'm not entirely sure what the main point you 're arguing is . 
  you 've linked to articles referencing some survation poll , which as far as i can tell only surveyed leave voters . 
  even if you were to extrapolate the poll data and apply the change ( ignoring that some remain voters would have also changed their mind ) , the result would * still * be that we 're leaving the eu . 
  the rest of what you 've mentioned seem to be purely anecdotal references , which are worthless . 
  all of the things you 've listed are things that have yet to be negotiated . 
  we have n't even left the eu yet . 
  you do not know the status of those things , so how could people possibly have been `` duped '' ? 
   did you just go and google a random later poll ? 
  yet i have addressed later polls already in the previous response you 've not linked to a poll . 
  show me the poll you 're talking about . 
   next response if you are going to make one can not involve you blindly asking me for info backing up my statements , as i have done it  you step up next if you want to continue this i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  i 'm not `` blindly '' asking you to back up your statements . 
  if you 're going to make a statement you should be prepared to back it up . 
   because they were . 
  this is a fact now . 
  i do n't think anyone argues this . 
  exactly how were they duped ? 
  you 've not yet said . 
   which poll ? 
  the initial million when they realised what they had actually done and a lot of the facts were coming out even in the leave papers a poll from [ ipsos mori ] ( https://twitter.com/benatipsosmori/status/749691514373206016 ) shows that that more leave voters thought we 'd made the right decision than remain voters thought we 'd made the wrong decision . 
  i think you 've been watching and reading too much biased media . 
  what makes you think people think they were duped ? 
  according to the polls , everyone was happy with the decision they made . 
  i voted to leave . 
  i 'm not near dead , arrogant , ignorant or racist . 
  i think you 're being very unfair and needlessly insulting . 
  hmm . 
  so this is people being the victims of crime , not actually criminal offences . 
  i imagine a lot of those ` cyber ' attacks did n't originate in the uk . 
   the 5.8 m offences were made up of 3.8 m fraud offences , which include 2.5 m incidents of bank and credit card fraud , and 2m computer misuse offences , including 1.4 m virus attacks . 
  the remaining 600,000 estimated offences related to unauthorised access to personal information such as hacking of email , social media or other online accounts ` real life ' crime went down by 6 % :  the latest overall figures , excluding online crime , in the 12 months to march 2015 show there were an estimated 6.3 m offences -- 6 % fewer than in the previous year, 
  ugh , these people are getting so desperate . 
  nobody can plan what the outcome of negotiations will be - that 's why we have negotiations . 
  the vote was to leave the eu , it 's as simple as that . 
  you are now on a list . 
  other source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/21/raf-personnel-on-alert-after-knifepoint-kidnap-attempt-near-base/ also a dailymail source i probably ca n't link to from here :  a note addressed to all service personnel , seen by the daily mirror , warns : `` 2x asian males approached a serviceman who was running approximately 1 mile outside of raf marham main gate and tried to bundle him into their vehicle . 
   `` the asian males were carrying a knife when the serviceman was approached . '', 
   a further memo advised military staff to keep a low profile , and not to be alone on foot or on a bicycle in any uniform or clothing which identifies them as being with the forces . 
   an raf spokesman refused to comment on the memos , and in a separate statement said : `` we are aware of an ongoing police operation in relation to an incident near raf marham . 
   `` it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage . '', 
   norfolk police also refused to comment on the statement . 
   in a statement released on wednesday night , a police spokesman said the serviceman was unharmed in the incident which happened at around 3.30 pm near the married quarters on the base . 
   he was not in uniform at the time and the suspects had not been located . 
   one road was sealed off on thursday and there was a heightened police presence , but the base 's families and friends day was going ahead , with hundreds of visitors expected . 
  glad to hear it 's under control . 
  i saw sky news tweet about it a while ago , but could n't find an article . 
  sounds like it 's unlikely there 'll be any casualties even if there is a real explosive . 
  this is apparently a photo : http://deredactie.be/polopoly_fs/1.2718586!image/3308898960.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape670/3308898960.jpg on a side note , i feel sorry for any muslims in europe walking around with headphones accidentally hanging out of their pockets . 
  worth noting that these are n't `` internal '' emails , so far less likely to have anything sensitive in them . 
  got ta be careful of the gold nova uprising . 
  my fair share . 
  british humour in northern italy ? 
  i 've watched isis beheading videos , too . 
  if one day i commit a crime , i wonder what kind of stuff authorities would find in my browsing history after all the weird shit i end up clicking on when browsing / r/all . 
  comments seem to suggest it 's the state tv channel, 
  southern france is having a bad time at the moment . 
  sounds unlikely that anyone is likely to get hurt from this , fortunately . 
  weird situation . 
  i 'm guessing they think there 's a very credible risk that he has explosives , considering he 's only armed with a knife . 
  french people - i 'm guessing this is massively overblown and exaggerated , but what 's the general mood like in france at the moment ? 
  what do you think the worst that will happen if these attacks continue in the next year ? 
  harsh words and witty remarks are just as deadly !, 
  because there is n't a rising wider trend in the amount of domestic garden-variety nutter attacks .
