  it still shocks me when i travel around europe to see armed police walking around . 
  i 'm not used to it at all . 
  of course i understand the need , but still makes me double-take when i see french policeman walking around with a famas . 
  ( i presume that 's what they are ? 
  my gun knowledge was obtained from playing cs : go ), 
  very low . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country * united states : 112.6 guns per 100 people * sweden : 31.6 * france : 30.3 * germany : 30.3 * uk : 6.6 * netherlands : 3.9 old data , but i doubt it 's changed loads . 
  sounds very much like a domestic incident . 
  murder suicide - killed his child and wife then himself . 
  also quite interesting considering boris is also a political columnist not afraid of speaking his mind and has said some colourful things about the leadership of turkey , 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7cmd2mmszu this is the full programme where boris traces his ancestry , if anyone 's interested . 
  a fascinating and rich family history . 
  good . 
  i 'm glad that we 're reducing our nuclear stockpile , but equally pleased that we have a deterrent system while other countries still have nukes . 
  i feel it not only makes the uk safer , but also indirectly makes the rest of europe safer . 
  i sincerely hope it never gets fired , even if we do get nuked - but equally pleased that may very bluntly says she 'd use it . 
  why would n't she be ? 
  boris has written book ( s ? ), 
  about rome iirc . 
  he 's very into his history . 
  i can see from your comment history that you 're incredibly butthurt over brexit . 
  how is it related to a thread about irish weather , though ? 
   boris , our senior diplomat , the man who stole our future . 
  now we really are all f **** d. not sure you had much of a future anyway . 
  i watched the full videos of this on youtube . 
  they were just a group of proper idiots . 
  interestingly , england does n't even have its own parliament . 
  english people can vote in uk elections only , scots can vote in uk elections and scottish elections . 
  i think you 've got things a bit mixed up there . 
  yes , far from guaranteed . 
  if she does propose a referendum it wo n't be until next year , at which point emotions will not be anywhere near as high . 
  most scots know their economy would be fairly fucked if they went at it alone . 
  also , 3 % - 7 % is `` far from guaranteed '' , like i said . 
  sturgeon would n't dare , because she knows it 's far from guaranteed that she 's win it . 
  ... but with shit weather and no hobbits . 
  apparently demanding that certain politicians are released from jail or something . 
  downvote before anyone notices !, 
  i thought this was a lone wolf attack by someone who did drugs and liked pork . . etc. . ? 
  install automatic barriers that can easily be enabled ( preferably remotely ) at any large open place that 's likely to have lots of civilians . 
  they can stop lorries , and i imagine they 'd be relatively cheap to install every 100m . 
  scans for skin colour . 
  thanks !, 
  turks , i do n't know much about turkey , can you explain the situation to me a bit ? 
  * how much support does erdo\u011fan have ? 
  * are different areas of the country different in terms of support ? 
  * what 's the relationship like between the military and civilians ? 
  * what happens next ? 
  i watched it all last night , and it seemed like the coup was working , but then after the mosques called everyone onto the streets the soldiers seemed to get swarmed . 
  is that what happened ? 
  scotland ca n't prevent it , no . 
  but may will attempt to do what she can to make them happy . 
   all of the top conservatie leadership are out what does that even mean ? 
  we have a cabinet . 
  we have a pm . 
   the nigel farag\u00e9 quit how is that relevant ? 
   and the labor party is headed for a fight labour party are n't in power . 
  does n't make much difference for the time being . 
   is there any true sense where the uk is headed though ? 
  it seems like politicians have n't done anything to lead the nation anywhere yet there is a lot moving behind the scenes . 
  watch some select committees . . etc. 
  nice -2 comment karma . 
  40/46 , but that 's when emotions are high about the eu . 
  it 's very likely to die down before the next poll . 
  yet cameron said exactly the same last week , and the week before . 
  they have consistently said it will not happen . 
  i 'm not . 
  also your `` we 'll see ... '' statement makes no sense . 
  she 's already made her position clear . 
  it 's a past event . 
  it 's happened . 
  as i 've already said - she 's made her position on it very clear , just like cameron did before her . 
  she even reiterated her position today . 
  opinion did not shift . 
  both may and cameron have been clear that there will not be another referendum . 
  this has n't caused any shift in attitude . 
  i 'm saying they wo n't bother asking for a vote for a very long time , and when they do finally ask they 'll be denied . 
  even if they did end up asking , and they had it granted , it 's far from guaranteed that they 'd even win the referendum . 
  for the record , if scotland wants to leave then i 'm all for them leaving . 
  however , it seems very unlikely from where i 'm sitting , especially as there 's nothing solid to suggest it 's something they really want . 
  no they wo n't . 
  they can vote for a referendum , but ca n't have one unless westminster allows it . 
  westminster has made it clear they 're not having another one . 
  i think it 's very unlikely that they 'll even * ask * for a referendum for a very long time . 
  the polls suggest it 's neck-and-neck . 
  sturgeon would not risk losing again . 
  i imagine she 's going to spend some more time drumming up some anti-uk atmosphere before trying again . 
  scotland will have no choice . 
  sky news : accomplices of killed truck driver are on the run . 
  bbc is always very cautious with numbers . 
  i 'm seeing reports of 30-50 through many other sources ( such as sky news ) . 
  100 injured according to fox : / probably best to go with bbc for now , i know other sources often exaggerate . 
  also rumours that there 's been a hostage situation , but seeing no further details . 
  live update thread here : https://www.reddit.com/live/x99pqdwudg0l/ also rumours that someone got out and fired shots before getting back in to the lorry . 
  this is absolutely awful . 
  it seems like everything is pointing to a terrorist attack right now , but i sincerely hope it was n't . 
  reports say at least 30 dead . 
  france has taken too much of this , something needs to change . 
  ah yes , former minister of state for europe does n't know how eu trade deals work . 
  fuck off independent , you pathetic waste of bandwidth . 
  would n't mind if we moved slightly closer to the equator .
