  they are on a downward projection and have been for some time . 
  they may represent the north better than anyone else , but many people are disillusioned by labour at the moment , and i 'm pretty sure that their stance on the single market ( and thus , immigration ) will only make it worse . 
  labour has traditionally had a large working class voter base . 
  this has dwindled over the past year ( and labour are polling the lowest they have in a very long time ) . 
  a priority for many of the working class labour voters is reducing immigration , and lots of their constituencies voted to leave . 
  i feel that this will further damage labour quite significantly . 
  it would probably be in the governments interest at this point to call a general election . 
  good, 
  hmm . 
  the article you linked to talks about the high number of cases because of a law that was introduced in 2005 . 
  however , the article from the op says that the past year has been worse than any other year . 
  has something happened in swedish law in the past year to have caused this ? 
  ( not a loaded question , a genuine inquiry ), 
  then ww3, 
  ahahaha , this is such a silly article . 
  the idea that ` hackers ' would announce to the person they 're attacking that they 're ` in the systems ' is ridiculous . 
  you are assuming that peoples attitudes towards the eu are based on the generation they were born into , and not their age . 
  this is not necessarily the case . 
  ( i have no idea either way , but worth pointing out ), 
  good . 
  scumbags . 
  yet stephen phillips voted the same way as his party for the majority of issues . 
  anyway , it seems to me that him leaving is a good thing . 
  ... after the government loses the court case regarding the triggering of a50 . 
  the government disputing this in the courts * is * part of the democratic process . 
  odd decision for him to make . 
  ** edit : ** dearest / r/europe , which part of my post is offending you so much ? 
  quite a funny speech - it 's from the parliamentarian awards last night . 
  pleased to hear that we 're doing it anyway . 
  congrats - but the wage gap is largely mythical . 
  measuring how much people earn is a ridiculous thing to do if you 're going to completely ignore that many of those people work part time . 
  here in the uk the wage gap is far smaller than the eu website is reporting , so i imagine they 're using the completely fucking flawed way of measuring pay . 
  https://fullfact.org/economy/pay-gap-do-women-earn-80p-every-1-earned-men/  the pay gap is 2.3 % for full-time workers under the age of 40 , which mr cameron described as almost zero . 
  the pay gaps for 22-29 and 30-39 year olds are both negative . 
  the median female wage in these age groups is higher than the median male wage . 
  ` wage gap ' really just means ` can mums afford to go work part time once they have children ? ' . 
  i really do n't know why the eu keeps pushing this completely flawed and misleading methodology . 
  he would n't say how many of their assets were in the uk ... 
  i worked in web development and games development , in both london and in yorkshire . 
  i own a house in yorkshire . 
  i now own my own business . 
  i 'd be interested to see any data that says that incomes have been reduced in programming , because that has not been my experience at all . 
  yer talking shit . 
  i 'm a software developer and i bought a house in my 20s . 
  i come from benefits-class background . 
  even with a pretty hefty mortgage for a 4-bed semi i 'm able to lock away over # 1k/month in savings . 
  when the american lass started talking about the kkk . . urggh fucckk offf . 
  pleased to see other users calling out this shit . 
  ... stop think why that might be . 
  this is pretty scary : * said that 12 jihadi terror plots had been foiled by the security services in the past three years . 
  * identified the size of the homegrown problem : there are about 3,000 `` violent islamic extremists in the uk , mostly british '' . 
  although , this is good : * said that budget increases would see mi5 expand from 4,000 to 5,000 officers over the next five years . 
  * dismissed claims that brexit would affect cooperation with european intelligence services . 
  so long as we have the rest of europe watching our back we 'll be fine . 
  right guys ? 
  guys ?? 
  guys ??? 
  that 's some quality 8 year old news footage you 've got there . 
  eh , public holidays in the uk are not non-working ? 
  since when ? 
  we have these : * new year 's day ( 1st january ) * good friday ( 25th march ) * easter monday ( 28th march ) * early may bank holiday ( 2nd may ) * spring bank holiday ( 30th may ) * summer bank holiday ( 29th august ) * boxing day ( 26th december ) * christmas day ( 25th , substitute day : 27th december ), 
  blogs.lse.ac.uk are really pumping these out . 
  you need to learn your geography !, 
  * the irish are funny fuckers and many of us british have irish in them ( i 'm 1/4 irish , for example ) . 
  they live in a beautiful country and they 're usually always super chill people . 
  * french - well , our histories are so intertwined . 
  it 's fun to joke about them . 
  their beautifully rich culture and history is something that should be preserved forever - i hope it does n't get watered down too much . 
  * every dutch person i 've met in real life has been awesome & friendly . 
  * belgium - i know nothing about belgium and i do n't know anyone from belgium . 
  i 'm sure it 's nice though . 
  there is nothing illegal about a members of parliament from different countries having * informal * discussions about trade . 
   he had received advice telling him entering formal talks with britain before brexit is complete would be illegal , the times reports . 
  this has been clear from the beginning and nobody has suggested otherwise . 
  the uk government have repeatedly said that they look to have informal discussions with other countries until a50 is complete . 
  they turn a blind eye if it 's anti-uk . 
  i feel a bit like he struggled for ideas this time . 
  your entire comment history seems to be you being xenophobic and racist about pretty much every country except india . 
  whoever drew this did n't want hadrian 's wall to be missed ... 
  i 'll be honest - i have no idea . 
  i just remember a few days ago i had a uk government select committee playing in the background and the committee were angry at them giving the go-ahead without extra debate in parliament , but they were reassured that there 's still further ratification processes that each country has to go through first . 
  or something . 
  i 'm sure someone can come along and correct me if i heard wrong . 
  it 's worth pointing out that this signature does n't mean it 's all a done deal . 
  i believe each country still has to ratify quite a few things . 
  i 've just had upsetting visions of a slaggy version of donald trump . . 
  i love this , i 've seen so many people on reddit do it . 
  * `` the uk economy has gone to shit ! '', 
  * [ someone points out that it has n't ] * `` well , you have n't left yet ! '', 
  why make the claim in the first place if it 's so easily to show to be untrue ? 
  well , thank fuck it 's not like american halloween . 
  it should be about being spooky , not dressing up as cartoon characters . 
  interestingly , i do n't get many trick-or-treaters up here in yorkshire , but used to get loads down in essex and london . 
  it 's really just another excuse to go out and get drunk . 
  not here in the uk . 
  fascinating amount of history , when you think about all of the discussions , fights or even wars that changed the ownership of each of those boundaries . 
  i love it when the vikings turn up and label the place danelaw !, 
  fun watching people in here agree with you . 
  you 'll keep having to ask because nobody here will be able to give you a coherent answer . 
  is everything ok ?
