  why exactly are all of the romanians here on / r/europe absolutely obsessed with it ? 
  you 're obsessed . 
  more fool them . 
  the majority of the brexit-related related stuff posted on here is n't by brits . 
  i 'm not sure why you 've called brits snobby . . 
  if greece decided to leave the eu , i 'd support their decision and hope things go well for them . 
  i think you may be a little bit too emotionally invested in a fucking political project . 
  yeah i think you fucked up a bit there . 
  you replied to the thread , not to the people talking about british hate . 
  then you make some smart-ass comment about someone not understanding the way reddit works . 
  pot kettle black . 
  this thread is depressing . 
  europeans suddenly acting like brits fucked their mothers or something , upvoting anything that criticises the uk and downvoting anyone defending themselves . 
  we voted to leave a political union that we 've always been pretty detached from . 
  does that really warrant the hate being spewed on here ? 
  good . 
  she does n't need to . 
  sounds like you 're going to spend the majority of the time travelling . 
  however , still sounds enjoyable , 
   ** but the amateur diver ** immediately realised he was stuck :'d, 
  i really do n't understand how all of them could have died . 
  my friend has a house along the beach front at camber sands . 
  it 's just straight up beach , no special bits , not rocky . . etc. . 
  i could understand a freak accident at a beach like that and someone losing their life by getting swept out and not being a strong swimmer ... but all of them dying ?!, 
  really sad , anyway :(, 
  the evil cousins . 
  i did n't actually know about them until i saw a whole town full of them last year ... my dog wanted to kill them . 
  no , he 's just feeling a bit unwell . 
  border morris ... * http://www.alssocks.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/wildhuntgroup1.jpg * http://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/10/13/16/cameron2-v2.jpg * http://pre07.deviantart.net/03a7/th/pre/f/2014/007/6/c/bakanalia_border_morris__loughborough_15_12_13_by_fancytogs-d71868c.jpg ` cos blacking up and banging sticks together is fun . 
  ahaha , this is amazing . 
  the desperation ... 
  36 % upvoted . 
  and look at all the french people upset about it ... 
  do you have any idea how pathetic you sound ? 
  he called scots `` skirt wearers '' , that 's all . 
  i have lots of family and friends in scotland and the idea that any of them would be upset if i called them `` skirt wearers '' is laughable . 
  it 's funny how just 4 days ago you posted this :  never apologise to an irishman without insulting him at the same time . 
  `` sorry you silly cunt '' or `` i did n't mean to offend you , wank pants '' . 
  i would like to read your next list of cultural learnings in another 3 years . 
  you 've got some very funny stuff here : ) . 
  thanks for writing it . 
  mmmmmm ... spine licking ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  right , so when has the uk ( or anyone within the uk ) made threats about refusing wine and cars ? 
  you 've not answered the question . 
  we 're only stopping scotland from leaving so that we can use their wind turbines to power out kettles ... 
  has it ? 
  when ? 
  why are you pro scottish independence when the majority of scots do n't want it ? 
  surely that 's quite a weird position to take ? 
  would we bollocks . 
  sturgeon is all talk . 
  scotland great !, 
  freeeedoooommmm, 
  . #voteinvade, 
   he 's actually being less cuntish than most `` pro-great britain ( but really only england ) '' english people are when it comes to this topic i would love to see a single example of where someones been `` pro-great britain ( but really only england ) '' . 
  because i have n't , and i 've been on reddit for many many years . 
  fuck me , someone has a bit of banter in one of the comments and all the dickheads come out in force . 
   so i can certainly understand why at least a majority of scots want independence and hope they get it nice claim , but completely inaccurate . 
  they voted against independence and the latest polls show they still do n't want independence . 
  i 'd recommend doing some reading on the matter before talking shit again . 
  90 sports ?!, 
  wow . 
  i 'd struggle to think of 90 sports . 
  luckily owen smith is irrelevant , and will probably continue to be . 
  exactly what i was thinking . . both stories came out at the same time . 
  is germany expecting an invasion ? 
  . . or planning one ? 
   one problem is that the french could never do what the uk has done - and ruthlessly focus funding only where there is a chance of medals . 
  i do n't really understand why people keep claiming that uk sports is `` ruthless '' because we 're only focusing on sports that win us medals ... we won medals in a wider range of sports than any other country . 
  and lets face it , the main sport we care about here is football , and although we 're rubbish at it , it gets all the funding it could ever need . 
  yeah , but ... 
   `` you ca n't say that everyone who was ringing the alarm bells over brexit was scare mongering because really it was the warnings that triggered those strong policy actions , '' he said . 
  i think this is quite a strange thing to say . 
  when most people were trying to weigh up the risk vs. reward ( and work out how much they thought the government were bluffing ) , i do n't think anyone expected the bank of england to just sit on their hands and do nothing . 
  people knew there would be short , medium and long term risks , but also knew that the government and boe had tools at their disposal to negate the effects . 
  if you jump out of a plane you weigh up the risks of a parachute not opening . 
  you do n't weigh up the risks of surviving without a parachute . 
  anyway , i 'm glad the uncertainty factor has n't done much damage yet . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how things play out over the coming year . 
  also , before people jump in with the `` omg but brexit has n't happened yet '' , the reason this is good news is because it 's contrary to what the government predicted ( in their may 2016 analysis ) would be the immediate ( pre-negotiation ) effect of the decision to leave the eu . 
   a vote to leave would cause an immediate and profound economic shock creating instability and uncertainty which would be compounded by the complex and interdependent negotiations that would follow . 
   the central conclusion of the analysis is that the effect of this profound shock would be to push the uk into recession and lead to a sharp rise in unemployment . 
   while the referendum would settle the issue of eu membership once and for all , many aspects of the uk 's international and domestic economic policy framework would be put in doubt , leading to a significant rise in uncertainty . 
  businesses and households would respond to this by putting off spending decisions until the nature of new arrangements with the eu became clearer . 
  this uncertainty effect would also lower overall demand in the economy in the immediate aftermath of a vote to leave . 
   ...  in the shock scenario , a vote to leave would result in a recession , a spike in inflation and a rise in unemployment . 
  the analysis shows that the economy would fall into recession with four quarters of negative growth . 
  really silly dataset . 
  asking different people in different countries a broad question like that will give you very different results . 
  people in one country may consider `` physical violence '' to mean a very different thing to people in another country . 
  people will respond relative to their cultural norms . 
  if you 're interested , take some time to actually browse the offensive messages to the twitter account ( before it hit the headlines ) and you 'll see for yourself that the vast majority of them are american . 
  no need to take my word for it . 
  saying `` decades before '' an event is a very odd thing to say considering we did n't know we were hosting london olympics ` decades ' before . 
  you also appear to be implying that the investment is going to stop - or if you 're not implying that , what exactly is it that you 're attempting to say ? 
  or are you just talking shit ? 
  people who play the lottery do so because they want to . 
  lots of that money ( around 20 % of lottery funding ) gets pumped into sports . 
  do you think people will suddenly stop playing ? 
  i 'm very confused as to why you think this is the `` last round '' , considering it 's ongoing .
