  ooh i 'm all excited . 
  i love a good referendum . 
  0.15 % of the voting power in the uk , who already voted for remain , back a remain mp . 
  not exactly news . 
  i fucking hate these absolutely bullshit headlines . 
  misleading headline is misleading . 
  speccy four eyes, 
  urinal cake, 
  lse are * very * pro-europe . 
  there has been plenty of studies that show it causes wage stagnation and/or even a decline in low paid wages , including the more recent [ bank of england study ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/research/documents/workingpapers/2015/swp574.pdf ) from dec 2015 . 
  `` significant '' may be a stretch , but there 's certainly an effect . 
  not necessarily ` feared ' . 
  having grown up in a very underprivileged area myself , one of the few redeeming features of the areas it that there 's some sense of community . 
  you find solace in the idea that although things are shit at the moment , the world is improving and technology is getting better and cheaper so eventually you 'll get the helping hand out of the shitty situation you were unfortunately born into . 
  ten or more years go by and life has not gotten any easier , in fact the only real change is that you 're now just surrounded by even more underprivileged people , but now you 've got neighbours that barely speak english and your local shop turned into a polska shop and any sense of community that once existed has been completely dissolved . 
  your home , your community , suddenly feels like someone elses community . 
  a lot of this is failure of government and widening inequality . 
  failure to control immigration , for many , is what ultimately made the situation untenable . 
  i think a large part of the problem is that many areas have been ` stung ' by immigration in the past , although not necessarily immigration from the eu . 
  people were told they were going to get these lovely vibrant multicultural communities but what they really got were pockets of segregation throughout the country - and they 've now seen the same thing starting to happen with immigration from the eu . 
  people living in middle class areas will never understand why there 's a problem with areas changing like this - but you can be sure as shit they 'd feel differently if * their * area was changing so fast . 
  those poor areas unaffected by immigration . . why would they vote leave ? 
  well , they 're just waiting until it happens to them too . 
  but again , it 's nothing about the immigrants themselves . 
  the problem is wide scale changes and the impact it has on communities and the knowledge that the government is pretty much unable to do anything about it without asking permission from people ( and being denied ) . 
  i do think it was largely about immigration . 
  i do n't think it was about the immigrants themselves , though . 
   you did n't ask me , but when does anyone ask scotland anything so what the hell get over yourself . 
  you 're british . 
  i think you massively overestimate the impact that our tabloid rags have on people . 
  print media readership is massively declining , and it was n't even high to begin with . 
  the circulation of the daily mail , for example , is about 2 % of the population . 
  the express is 0.5 % of the population . 
  the vast majority of people get their daily news from news programmes on tv , such as bbc news . 
  they 've become sexier , in my opinion . 
  errm , well that 's not good . 
  a reasonable request and a reasonable response . 
  just like your country, 
  pointless, 
  not yet ... 
  we will . 
  end of march . 
  we 've already decided to pull the trigger . 
  we 're just trying to work out how to get the safety off first . 
  we 're not leaving europe . 
  no law changes required . 
   european rather than british you 'd still be both european and british after we leave . 
  as much as i 'd be sad if scotland left the union , i also do n't want the snp to constantly hold a gun to the head of westminster because it gives a small country of 5 million people * way * too much leverage over the other 60 million . 
  i hope that if they have another referendum they accept the result and stop banging on about independence . 
  city of london is a small area within the city called london . 
   access to the websites listed on this page has been blocked pursuant to orders of the high court :( the great uk firewall in action . 
  * so , at peak less than 2 % of the population supported a far right party ( the bnp ) . 
  i 'd argue that 's because nobody else was willing to listen to peoples concerns about immigration . 
  * i 'd not class tommy robinson as ` far right ' . 
  he is not a white supremacist and as far as i know cares little about race . 
  he 's just very anti-islam because of shit he 's seen growing up in luton and the authorities not doing anything about it . 
  he was a bit of a dick when he was younger , but tries to be a lot more constructive these days by working with muslim groups to try to raise awareness and deal with the problems . 
  ( see : [ tommy robinson @ oxford union ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yq94jfg_4a ) ) * ukip are n't far right, 
  why does someone posting a comment with a completely irrelevant article get upvoted to the top ? 
  we 're telling them that we 'll respect the rights of their 3.2 million if they respect the rights of our 1.2 million . 
  it 's not about either side owing anyone anything . 
  wtf ? 
  where ? 
  some areas of london first , then birmingham , then bradford ( i think ) . 
  there 's some areas ( wards ) of bradford that are 80 % muslim and just 10 % white british ... 
  err , you clearly do n't live where i live in bradford . 
  niqabs are extremely common . 
  probably more common than any other head scarf up here . 
  yup , this ^ when actually searching twitter for the terms they apparently were interested in , it shows a huge amount of false positives . 
  they say that some of the top words used was `` patriot '' , so doing a twitter search for `` patriot '' and `` mair '' up until november ( to block out people reporting this current story ) should result in hundreds , or tens of thousands of results , right ? 
  https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;vertical=default&amp;q=until%3a2016-11-01%20mair%20patriot&amp;src=typd i can only find one tweet calling him a patriot ... maybe if i search for `` cox patriot '' instead ... https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;vertical=default&amp;q=until%3a2016-11-01%20cox%20patriot&amp;src=typd again , i can only see one or two tweets saying he 's a patriot , and those appear to be from some americans ( `` extremely right wing , extremely conservative , proudly an atheist , 100 % against islam , 100 % for america as our founding fathers intended it to be '' ) . 
  i remain very sceptical about this kind of study . 
  you 're a genuine fucking idiot if you think that farage is a fascist . 
  i do n't support farage or his politics , but using the word fascist so lightly is ridiculous . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've not been following this situation a great deal - what 's the most recent poll showing for this referendum ? 
  no he 's not . 
  this is all from a times article which has been refuted . 
  because it was barely advertised . 
  farage et al. 
  got a bit caught up with the whole trump situation so barely advertised it . 
  the demographics just would n't have supported that kind of protest march anyway , especially a protest in london . 
   to multi-ethnic britain 's got talent 2009 winners diversity : `` are you all one family ? '' i see nothing wrong with that, 
  this is repost . 
  while there 's thousands of people willing to work for peanuts , it 'll always get exploited . 
  there 's only so much the government can do to stop this practice . 
  it 's also not surprising to see that the guys exploiting the migrants ( both the employer and the landlord ) were migrants themselves . 
   but truth is ... a part of the fault lies with employers willing to commit such illegalities and to pay them much less then a local would be paid . 
  if such things did n't exist , there would be less economic migrants and more competition . 
  as can be seen from the video , many come over here without any money and without any idea of whether or not they 'll be able to get work when they do arrive . 
  also i do n't really follow your logic . . if these dodgy employers followed the law and paid minimum wage you think there 'd be less migrants ? 
  why so ? 
   yes , you need housing to work , but here we face another problem shown in the video . 
  housing means being cramped up in an apartment which is illegal . 
  if there would be a bigger crack down on such cases , this would also be a factor that reduces economic immigration . 
  no , there 'd be even more people sleeping on the streets . 
  what struck me from the video is that some were saying that they want to go home . 
  i 'm interested to know what 's stopping them - you can get some seriously cheap flights from the uk to places like romania if you 're willing to sit in an airport and wait for cancellations . 
  i 'm sure that over multiple months they 're able to save the # 30 or whatever you need for a cancellation flight . 
  my heart goes out to these homeless people , but it 's pretty clear that there 's quite a big problem .
