  she has met far , far worse in the past . 
  royal commentators say that she enjoys meeting controversial characters . 
  canada will win the next eurovision . 
  the problem with nick clegg is that he 's completely full of shit . 
  no thanks, 
  like those damn canadians . 
  i 've noticed that the narrative has recently changed to `` brexit is anti-women '' , which is a fun one . 
  some of the most eurosceptic people in the uk have been on the left . 
  two of the most prominent brexit campaigners were labour mps . 
  eu support is more of a ` socially liberal ' thing than a left/right issue . 
  brexit is n't `` right wing '' . 
  people on both the left and right voted for brexit . 
  the centrists are generally the most pro-eu in the uk . 
  did romania bring a pig with them ? 
  we had a pretty big [ expenses scandal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_parliamentary_expenses_scandal ) over here in the uk . 
  i think it was mostly for cheeky accounting , claiming for second houses that they did n't actually need . . etc. . a few politicians ended up doing jail time . 
  since then i think the media and public has been very aware of it , and i doubt they 'd get away with much these days . 
  na , 112,000 are in ireland . 
  here 's the breakdown : http://i.imgur.com/dp8rt3t.jpg, 
  not yet . 
  you used up your quota for quite a long time . 
  they are both leaders and have the opportunity to work closely again . 
  ` lead the world ' is a pretty odd interpretation of the quote . 
  i ca n't see where she says about leading the world . 
   so as we rediscover our confidence together -- as you renew your nation just as we renew ours -- we have the opportunity -- indeed the responsibility -- to renew the special relationship for this new age . 
  we have the opportunity to lead , together , again, 
  [ here 's ] ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2016-17/europeanunionnotificationofwithdrawal.html ) the bill if anyone is interested . 
  it 's currently on stage one ( first reading in the commons ) . 
  second reading will be on tuesday . 
  this is how modern day wars are fought in the west . 
  these people have broken the law , they should n't be in the country . 
  by their very definition they are criminals . 
  deporting them is simply enforcing the law . 
  i see nothing wrong with this . 
  it 's for tracking down illegal immigrants . . people who should n't be in the country , and certainly should n't be using the tax payer funded nhs for free . 
  bless you . 
  support for reunification went from 17 % to 22 % after the uk undertook the biggest and most divisive decision of a life time . 
  i 'll not start worrying just yet . 
  as i said , scotland is not a sovereign state , so absolutely nothing like the eu . 
  ah yes , the fallacy that banging on about an issue that was campaigned on a couple of years ago is suddenly going to change peoples minds . 
  scottish independence is n't some new issue that needs campaigning , both sides know all the arguments . 
  i think you 'll be very disappointed if you think fresh campaigning is going to suddenly going to change opinions . 
  but lets see . 
  snp should call the referendum now . 
  haha i love it . 
  turn it around and try to blame it on westminster . 
  just admit that the reason they wo n't call the referendum is because they know that polls show they do n't have enough public support . 
  why can none of you admit it ? 
  it 's hilarious . 
  the huge difference here is that scotland is not a sovereign state . 
  we do n't cancel a general election because a single constituency voted for a different party to the rest . 
  it was made very clear before the referendum that it was a uk-wide referendum . 
   if that is the case that is more part of the negotiations than what scotland will be getting again , this is not a region , it 's a sector . 
  scotland has a large finance sector as far as i 'm aware . 
  this is a uk-wide referendum , a uk-wide decision . 
   to be honest all this needs clarified , and it needs to come from the uk government . 
  if they are prepared to go into negotiations and not even say what kind of deal will be made it is unacceptable . 
  if she does clarify scotland and ni are not getting a special deal then both those countries should decide their futures on that basis . 
  westminster have made it clear already that there will be no special deal for individual parts of the uk . 
  there is nothing left to clarify . 
  i imagine westminster will look at more devolution of powers once brexit is complete , but certainly not on things like foreign policy . 
  like i say , scotland should hold a referendum * now * , because throwing threats at the uk is not going to change anything . 
  ... but they wo n't , because they know the majority of the public do n't support it . 
  i 've watched the video , and i watched it live on tv . 
  as far as `` equal partnership '' goes , all of the countries in the uk are equal to each other . 
  however , this was n't a country-based referendum , it was * very * clearly a uk-wide referendum . 
  as for `` special deals for northern ireland , the city of london . . even the car industry in sunderland '' ... lets stop being ridiculous here for a second shall we ? 
  there will be no special deal for the area of london . 
  the banking sector will no doubt be part of the negotiations , but that 's not a special deal for a specific area . 
  the northern ireland open border policy is not a ` special deal ' . 
  it 's our only external border and thus is part of the negotiations . 
  nobody has any idea what was said to the car industry , and it most certainly is n't region based . 
  there is a vast difference between `` we 'll try to get a good deal for the banking sector during the negotiations '' and `` one part of the uk can stay within the eu '' . 
  what makes me laugh is that the snp know very well that it 's an impossibility . 
  the cost alone of having to deal with the issues surrounding having part of a country within the eu , yet part being outside the eu and having it 's own trade deals with other countries . . etc. . it 's an utterly ridiculous proposition . 
  the fact that the snp are threatening to leave the uk because of this even though the know it 's unlikely they 'll be able to rejoin the eu just shows how little this actually has to do with the eu . 
  it 's just the snp doing their usual bullshit . 
  you can do much better than that . 
   scotland is a country not a region and like ireland can decide to leave the union nobody is disputing that . 
   the majority of people in scotland want to be in both unions if possible i do n't think anyone will debate that ; as salmond said in the interview they are exploring if the uk will allow scotland to stay in the eu . 
  - if they fail despite having said they will look into other possibilities for other parts of the uk the uk has made it very clear that scotland can not stay in the eu while being in the uk . 
  in fact , i 'm fairly sure the eu would not allow parts of a country to be within the eu while other parts are n't . 
  westminster said they 'll look at the snp proposals . 
  the certainly did n't say they would entertain the idea of scotland staying within the eu . 
   a referendum will very much be called . 
  then why does n't he do it now ? 
  the government have made it clear that scotland can not remain within both the uk and eu . 
  what 's stopping the snp ? 
  on the 9th july 2015 , alex salmond tried to amend the european union referendum act 2015 with the following :  the secretary of state will present to parliament a declaration of intent for withdrawal from the european union if --  ( a ) a majority of total votes cast in the referendum in the united kingdom are against the united kingdom remaining a member of the european union , and  ( b ) a majority of the votes cast in the referendum in each of england , scotland , wales and northern ireland are against the united kingdom remaining a member of the european union . '' you can see this amendment here : http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/bills/cbill/2015-2016/0006/amend/pbc060907a.1-7.html this amendment was rejected by the house . 
  he knew very well that this was a matter for the uk as a whole . 
  there was no `` promise to do '' . 
  a scottish vote is not worth 11 times that of a vote from the rest of the uk . 
  anyway , i fully support scotland calling a referendum , but it should be * now * . 
  stop using it as a ` threat for the future ' . 
  if they think the majority of scots want out ( the best evidence we have suggests otherwise ) then they should surely welcome a referendum this year . 
  frenchies - is this likely to make any noticeable dent in his support ? 
  trump gets a memo on his desk saying they 've intercepted the swedish government planning the assassination of trump ... 
  this is how wars start . 
  so uh , how many people are part of this chat room ? 
  the screenshots only show a few different people .
