  in a way this has nothing to do with religion and everything to do with conquering a booming market . 
  the goal is to convince muslims to buy * your * halal meat , crisps , candy , chocolate , snacks , etc. 
   / r/worldnews / r/atheism is leaking once again  _  let 's not give in to pathetic attacks and instead focus on the issues here . 
  the quran is litterally considered as the word of god . 
  of course the muslim theological council will feed the democratic debate and give good arguments to muslims who , like most of us , just want to live in peace while keeping their faith . 
  they would ** theorise ** what most muslims here already believe : when laws created by men conflict with the laws of god , i will follow the laws created by men . 
  all of that is good . 
  the problem is that there 's no central authority in islam and its sects , except with wahhabism and the saudis . 
  that means it 's difficult to just ignore the most violent verses when a radical pops up and says * `` hey , your version of islam is wrong , god clearly says we ought to kill the infidels or subdue them '' * . 
  and that radical will be right . 
  the quran says conflicting things about tolerance , violence , secularism , peace , war , etc. 
  this , by itself , ca n't explain current violent conflicts between muslims , but it 's one reason . 
  so please forgive me if i have my doubts about a theological council 's ability to solve these issues once and for all . 
  it says in the article that they contested the procedures of deportation for that group of 30 . 
  they will try , but i 'm pretty sure this is not how islam works . 
  and what are they going to do ? 
  ignore half of the quran ? 
  why should french muslims recognize such a council 's authority ? 
  i 'd really like this to work out as intended but there are lots of questions . 
  they want to copy the way napol\u00e9on france assimilated french jews , and i agree , but those were different times and different people . 
  now that 's not confusing at all, 
  how 's that better ? 
  french authorities have been doing that for years . 
  now the objective is to put french `` secular '' muslims in charge of those radical mosques . 
  we 'll see how that works out, 
  i think hazzman was talking about british citizens . 
  great , show us in which part of the address he says that . 
  i watched it . 
  he said the attacks were planned in syria , organised in belgium , and carried out in france with french accomplices . 
  you must know things we do n't know . 
  i can tell from this post that you have a very poor grasp of the situation . 
  let 's say we 're really blaming belgium . 
  please show me any element from the french public sphere where someone advocates that belgium is where we should start if we want to fight terrorism in france . 
  because this is what it means . 
  noone 's been ` blaming ' belgium at all . 
  right now , the debate is entirely focused on our immigration policy , education system , national security and police forces and foreign policy with our interventions overseas . 
  yes , some of our newspapers pointed out that many of the terrorists who struck in europe recently had , at one point in their lives , lived in belgium . 
  saying the french public sphere is actively trying to distract us from the state 's own responsibilities is a lie . 
  there are news articles , speeches , books , addresses , and talk shows talking about that very issue . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  we are not in denial , stop spreading lies . 
  what does ` france ' even refer to , here ? 
  french officials ? 
  the news ? 
  french people on reddit ? 
  please explain how the french government has antagonized the belgians . 
  our government certainly never used the situation in belgium to say `` stop looking at us everyone , look at the belgians instead '' . 
  noone will deny we have these issues , but i never imagined the prime minister of a neighbouring nation would exploit them like that . 
  that is truly a pathetic move coming from a man holding such an office . 
  of course we didnt , it was a colonial invasion . 
  do you think muslims immigrants coming to europe in the late xxth century can be compared to invading armies and settlers who want to occupy new territories ? 
  i know you do n't think that but this argument is just ridiculous anyway . 
  if french emigrants do n't change their practices when they move to china or saudi arabia today we have no right to enforce religious laws and encourage cultural assimilation ? 
  preposterous . 
  do n't worry though , the multiculturalist movement has basically defeated our tradition of assimilation . 
  i 'm aware that the assimilationist advocates have lost . 
  i just think it is a fascinating debate, 
  what about them ? 
  the french were in a position of strength and imposed their language and customs and sometimes laws . 
  i know you 're not comparing muslims coming to france and european colonialists but admit that it 's a weird comparison . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to make me say . 
  native americans were dying of disease and in no capacity to impose anything to europeans . 
  had they been able to do so , i think they should have . 
  also , that was before the advent of nation-states . 
  i 'll take the exemple of france because i 'm not swiss but it applies to switzerland as well . 
  first , here , we hide our genitals , not our faces . 
  second thing , those are not our customs . 
  it 's against our history of a strong french state that ignores communities . 
  do n't come here wearing clothing that says `` the laws of my god are superior to the laws of the french state '' . 
  i do n't like having to forbid that because for decades we claimed we ought to respect every minority 's way of life . 
  muslims will use that idea of individual freedom to strenghten their group rights and show their strength . 
  we limit individual freedom all the time . 
  if you generate an income you pay taxes , if you own a business you have to obey regulations . 
  you ca n't travel around the world without id . 
  you ca n't do or buy some things without a licence . 
  if you settle here , fine . 
  but you will mostly have to live like us because this is not a hotel . 
  that means , eat whatever food you want and worship whatever god you want . 
  but do n't dress like you 're living in an africain desert with strong winds and sand everywhere . 
  some aspects of our civilisation are non-negotiable . 
  no need to look for another reason like safety , in our eyes radicals who cover their wifes or their daughters should n't be protected by the law . 
  our country is more important than individual freedom or the rule of law . 
  we do n't see our country as a hotel . 
  border control and identity checks are what you call a `` major step back '' ? 
  they already exist if you want to travel from france to the uk . 
  it 's no big deal . 
  i think we can however say that having to resort to this is a failure because we could n't manage our external borders . 
  we know islamist militants move across borders and that a sleeping cell can strike a foreign country right across the border to fool intelligence agencies . 
  this is called `` frappes obliques '' and it 's part of their strategy . 
  we have to use what we have to counter that . 
  i 'm really curious to see how 'll they 'll handle the disagreements about assad and ukraine . 
  tu as raison , merci, 
  they targeted france for three main reasons : 1 . 
  france has intervened several times in the last two decades in africa and the middle east . 
  most recently , i 'm thinking of afghanistan , libya ( not against islamists ) , yemen , and syria . 
  * edit : someone noticed i 'd forgotten to mention mali , where the operations of different islamist factions such as aqim took a huge blow * we 've been pushing very aggressively against daech since last september . 
  that 's why in their books we 're as bad as the us , if not worse . 
  daech 's strategy is well-theorised and well-known . 
  their perspective is that of a global jihad . 
  they hate us so they 'll hit us .
