  they pick one from each ? 
  they choose to keep the husband 's ? 
  you can get * much * cheaper high-quality wine if you know where to look and are n't afraid to buy 20 or 30 bottles at once . 
  also , 4-euro red wine in supermarkets is not necessarily undrinkable piss either !, 
  it 's eurovision all over again . 
  from the excerpt you gave us , he sounds like an amazing speaker . 
  thank you for your insight , it 's much clearer now, 
   i do n't want to go again in the detail of their proposals , but basically they idealize a country which is economically ( and politically ) independent , who produces their stuff for themselves , with little reliance on international trade . 
  that 's not exactly true . 
  they advocate what they call * ` smart protectionism ' * . 
  yes , they do want to put tariffs on international trade , but they claim they would focus on countries with few worker protections and few quality regulations . 
  i 've never heard them advocate putting tariffs on spanish oranges or danish pork . 
  to be honest we have n't heard about this stuff from them since the 2012 elections . 
  this is bad for sarkozy and good for hollande . 
  first , the opposition had to organise a huge coalition , and they still had fewer votes than the front national in the first round . 
  second thing , sarkozy 's decision not to support socialist candidates where republicans had fewer votes was met with harsh criticism from his own party . 
  there 's still no clear leadership for the opposition . 
  i think sarkozy is doing more harm than good to his party , considering he 's not only very unpopular but hated by many . 
  last thing , despite the attacks , despite the scandals involving socialists and the president himself , despite soaring unemployment , despite unpopular reforms , the ps still won at least five r\u00e9gions . 
  politically speaking , this is looking very good for the parti socialiste . 
  i do n't think the same thing can be said about the country itself . 
  is the party chairman also the person who 's likely to be appointed chancellor after an electoral victory ? 
  or are they just leading the opposition ? 
  74,3 % would be a really good score for presidential primaries here . 
  it 's relatively new in france but current french president fran\u00e7ois hollande only got 56,2 % of the votes for the 2011 socialists ' primary . 
  fun fact , sarkozy got 98 % of the votes in the 2006 ump ( main center-right party ) primary ; but he was the only candidate that year . 
  there 's a gap between the expressions we use and the meaning we want to convey . 
  holland is located in the netherlands , whose government rules most of the region known as the low countries . 
  when people refer to the netherlands as `` holland '' , it 's called a metonymy . 
   no offense but the uk and france working together ( which we already do ) , would be a much more effective military than an eu military ( without the uk ) . 
  why ? 
  you said this as if it were obvious . 
  what do we know about the federal military project ? 
  how many troops , how many aircraft and to support what foreign policy ? 
  we have n't seen these questions addressed yet . 
  had you read the article , you would have known there 's also a push for a crack down on illegal arms traffic . 
  you do n't ~ ~ leave ~ ~ live in a free country unless you can own an assault rifle with incendiary armor-piercing rounds . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that 's what i thought initially but it is a strange way to put it . 
  to be brief 1789 was the bourgeoisie trying to overthrow the aristocracy . 
  after the 1792 revolution and the end of the monarchy , the convention was elected through universal suffrage but that 's as far as democracy went at that time . 
  i doubt we can call that a fledging democracy , but i might be splitting hairs here . 
   they were the first to lose a fledging modern democracy to extremism not sure what are you referring to exactly here ? 
  nothing indicates that the us isolationist policy was motivated by the desire to become the number 1 superpower once the rest of the world is in ruins . 
  considering you 're looking for shady people pulling strings , american bankers and arms manufacturing companies would have benefited from a more offensive foreign policy , would n't they ? 
  ww1 was a slaughter , of course americans were reluctant to make sacrifices to maintain peace abroad . 
  my guess is that some people are angry at her for defending la\u00efcit\u00e9 ( which is more than just secularism ) in french schools while wearing a headscarf . 
  i 'm not defending anyone , just trying to understand . 
   the report , by the cambridge-based woolf institute , suggests britain 's public institutions should be changed to reflect that '' . 
  i ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  first , uk institutions already try to represent society . 
  look at your schools . 
  everyone wants their own confessionnal school because they look at protestant or catholic schools and think `` it 's only fair after all '' . 
  and they 're right , are n't they ? 
  that 's for schools , but i 'd like to know more about what more they 'd like to change exactly , it 's not very clear to me . 
  to compare , french traditional school system is based on the idea that you should n't try to represent any class or group in particular , but instead focus on passing on the skills and culture from the previous generations . 
  it 's centralised and based on the nation , not groups . 
  this has changed a lot . 
  no religious selection , no class selection either , which happen in the uk . 
  wrong : no clearly theorised long-term vision . 
  `` united in diversity '' and the defense of human rights is not enough . 
  what do they even want this to be ? 
  the common market was fine , but once we make a step towards a political union we need more . 
  what makes europeans look forward to more political integration right now ? 
  and how do they see european instituions and the men who are at the wheel right now ? 
  do they even know them ? 
  what do they mean by `` it was thrown at a group of people '' ? 
  from a car passing by ? 
  just a guy on foot ? 
  and they got away without anyone seeing what the car or the guy looked like ? 
  good thing the guy was ( apparently ) a complete amateur however . 
  does it look like they benefitted a lot from the events to you ? 
  yes , his approval ratings increased , but elections matter more . 
  it also means even fewer people support socialists and republicans . 
  also , 50 % do n't care enough and ca n't be bothered to vote . 
  noone ever said they 'd win by a landslide , but they certainly have their chances . 
  i 'd rather have the fn lead in 2 or 3 r\u00e9gions than attack our democratic institutions . 
  those are just local elections , we 'll be fine . 
  the socialists should be worried about 2017 though . 
  they 're losing support everywhere . 
  are we watching the same election results ? 
  ever played victoria 2 ? 
  you should give it a try with the best mods if you 've never played it . 
  out of curiosity , what happens to journalists when it 's been exposed that they had intentionally lied to and misled the public ? 
  can you just publish lies and nothing happens unless someone sues you ? 
  haha exactly . 
  and yet you still feel a bit rude for not wanting to have small talk , because it 's just normal to them . 
  wait , is that a drawing of louis xvi dressed as a soldier , holding an axe , and ** oh my god why is he riding a huge dick ** ? 
  edit : it 's actually the marquis de lafayette, 
  so you 're not comfortable with it either ? 
  would you say this is a thing in the uk as well ? 
  it 's not really what you 're asking but it came to mind so i 'm going to say it anyway . 
  i work in ireland and in the bathroom at work my colleagues talk to eachother as if they were at the pub . 
  it can get pretty noisy sometimes . 
  my countrymen can correct me if i 'm wrong but in france you would maybe nod if you know the other people , and then not say anything until you get out . 
  `` when in rome , do as the romans do '' , i know . 
  but you would n't believe how hard it is to take a leak with a couple of irish lads jabbering on next to you . 
   so the whole `` halal meat '' thing is kind of nonsense even for practicing muslims . 
  it 's not nonsense . 
  it 's a growing market and there 's a * lot * of money to be made .
