  because you can live your entire life with no major issue while only knowing one language . 
  people probably consider it 's not worth the effort . 
  i love languages but i understand where they come from . 
  you take english classes for 5 years at school and at the end you can barely have a conversation . 
  progress is so slow that it 's not worth the effort . 
   whatever actually happened the official verdict will be that it was an accident caused by issues with the plane do you really think the manufacturers will let that happen ? 
  this would give airbus planes a bad reputation , so if there 's a way to prove a third party was responsible , they 'll make sure the entire world knows . 
  people will listen to the experts working for the company who can show a proof , not the russian government . 
  edit : i 'll add the article talking about what the company will do when i find it again, 
   i 'd never respect someone that feels they need to be purposefully confrontational in that way . 
  they 're not asking to be respected . 
  be offended or disgusted . 
  noone cares , and they certainly do n't care if they 're seen as assholes . 
  just because something is drawn does not mean it 's mocked . 
  the best part for me is the smell . 
  i know it smells like burned forest but for some reason it always makes me feel like a kid before christmas again . 
  just because she 's norwegian means this qualifies as / r/europe content ? 
  this says a lot about the community mods ' policy of removing `` low quality submissions '' . 
   this is not an honest debate about identity . 
  this is a : lets eff the brown dude that eats funny food and does n't believe in muh god . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  they did not try to move the discussion forward . 
  those people are a joke . 
  first i think we can say objectively that hortefeux and copp\u00e9 did not bring anything meaningful to the discussion , but rather a stupid one-liner -- with or without the objective to attract attention . 
  as for mme morano , she shifted the focus onto race , rather than focusing on the root causes of france 's identity and societal issues , namely , the gradual changes french institutions have undergone in the past 40 years regarding education and politics . 
  instead of discussing the means to achieve a society more homogeneous in culture and principles through education , nation-building , and limited immigration , she chose to ignore these major points to focus on race and religion without hinting at any solution ... no wonder people were appalled by what she said . 
  to be * very * brief , this is different from authors such as eric zemmour , michel onfray or alain finkielkraut who all have very different theories and ideas but all agree -- from what i 've gathered -- that ` old-school ' education and nation-building combined with fewer immigrants are key to a prosperous society . 
  as i said in my previous posts , although they 're still publishing and actively participate in the debate , they have nonetheless been labeled as being obsessed with the issues of immigration , islmophobic , as in ` not worthy of being taken seriously ' . 
  the proper term would be ` reactionary ' or ` conservative ' . 
  obviously i 'm just commenting here , i 'm not making any moral argument or expressing my preferences for any side . 
   claiming that sweden was being oppressed by a form of `` pc ( political correctness ) facism '' . 
  i think the word `` fascism '' is a bit too much . 
  in my opinion the left have taken the role of the `` new clergy '' since the 1980s ( in france at least ) . 
  let me explain . 
  just like in some religions ( perhaps to a lesser extent today though ) , some topics are taboo : enforcing the law and deporting illegal immigrants , looking at the societal impact of immigration , talking about islam . 
  just like in some religions , there 's a certain * infallible * moral code in some circles ( mostly mass media ) and to some extent in political parties . 
  you have a certain degree of liberty , but there are some things you just do n't say or do . 
  if you stray from the straight and narrow you take the risk to be cast away . 
  just like in some religions , there 's also a * moral * judgement that comes with this moral code . 
  if you are a public figure ( politician or journalist or writer ) and you consider one of the taboos i mentioned above as a question as worthy of a democratic discussion as unemployment , climate change or education , then you 'll be accused of being obsessed about the issue in question . 
  there 's no way people will believe you 're genuinely worried about the lack of debate or critical thought . 
  to be brief the term `` islamophobia '' has gradually replaced `` racism '' in the debate and this label is not used to qualify violent people who hate muslims , but is now used to discard an argument without looking at it in all intellectual honesty . 
  i do n't think this helps the left or democratic institutions . 
  of course people are mostly concerned about the economy , but as far as france goes , the questions of identity and immigration are what separates political parties the most . 
  political correctness does not change people 's ideas , it just makes it harder to have a healthy discussion . 
  it 's still a terrible investment if your objective is to encourage growth . 
  let 's be honest here , the only motivation is humanitarian , not economical . 
  you 're making a link between two issues that are not related at all . 
  the money will be spent to provide goods or services to people who will enjoy them for free . 
  obviously they do n't have to work or pay anything and they probably wo n't produce any wealth in germany before years . 
  this does not qualify as stimulating the economy through government spending . 
  10,000 leaving every * month * ? 
  for a small country like croatia ? 
  i had a job offer in the uk . 
  i 'll be back in a year or two . 
  i 'm slightly younger and i feel like my future is in france so my decision did n't have the same consequences as yours . 
  what country practices what you mentioned ? 
  private but not-for-profit ? 
  i heard about the dutch system why is privately run but heavily regulated . 
  are you familiar with it ? 
  i 'm happy to hear that . 
  you took risks and it paid off . 
  i know what you mean , you 're wondering what would 've happenned if you had stayed and if you would have lived a happier life in your home country ? 
  i 'm sorry to hear how you feel about it . 
  did you move with family or were you on your own ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking, 
  i do n't know what 's the best way to finance health insurance . 
  profits are n't fundamentally bad . 
  they 're a good sign of wealth creation . 
  if we want to use resources efficiently , then we 're looking for profits and trying to avoid losses . 
  i do n't know enough about healthcare or insurance companies to make claims however . 
  i just know there 's only so much we can do to reduce costs , because europe is getting older . 
  exactly . 
  but as i said , the article does n't have the figures about this so we have no idea whether we 're the exception or the rule . 
  a year or two , half of us are abroad to work , the other half to study . 
  why would n't we able to fly from north america/australia/europe back to france ? 
  i do n't really understand your concern, 
  no , capitalism is the respect for property rights and free entreprise . 
  when the state holds monopolies over healthcare , railways , etc. 
  this violates property rights and free entreprise . 
  you 're right that this entails the question of how prices are determined without any actual competitors or responsibility regarding the quality of the management of those public companies . 
  i did mention the ussr and not `` communism '' and the reason why is because the state deciding how * your * income ought to be spent to such an extent that public spending makes up 57 % of gdp brings you closer to an authoritarian state like the ussr , not necessarily communism . 
  this was obviously an extreme example to answer an equally extremely caricatural comment . 
  ( edit ) to be clear , i do n't think france is anything like the ussr . 
   so if i read what you just wrote it means that if you take back the retirement pension , france 's taxation and government spending is average . 
  i agree with you that a state administrated retirement fund can have some downsides , but there are some upsides too . 
  in the end it 's just a matter of political choices . 
  personally i think that the retirement system is outdated and that we really need to update it . 
  but using this data without any comment on it , to point out that the government spends too much is either dishonest or show a complete lack of understanding in economics . 
  i 'm not here to have an argument about whether we should privatize healthcare or not . 
  currently the state is taking care of pensions and healthcare , so their administration and financing is the responsibility of the government . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  why would n't it count as government spending and be compared to other better-administered countries ? 
   you can become rich owning by starting a company in france . 
  you can even become a millionaire or billionaire without any problems . 
  with 30 % , companies margins are more than enough . 
  do n't get me wrong , a lot of reforms needs to be made in france . 
  but saying that it 's impossible to have a business there is completely stupid . 
  it is only useful to push liberal agendas and encourage a race to the bottom that everybody will lose from except billionaires . 
  listen my friend , i said corporate profitability was better abroad , not that you could n't do business in france .
