  show me where i said `` that it 's impossible to have a business '' . 
  you 're just assuming things and claim i said them ... 
   sadly there 's a bureaucracy firewall to start a business / enter our market which is much easier to get rid of than regulations and taxes !, 
  just cut registration fees , reduce the minimum amount of capital required , etc. 
  i 'm abroad , a few of my friends are abroad , and we all plan to come back . 
  it 's too bad the article does n't mention how many emigrants come back every year and how long they stayed abroad . 
  obviously those of us who leave have the * means * and the energy to do so . 
  my countrymen who are considered disadvantaged or unemployed are very unlikely to leave , unlike 19th century europeans leaving for america for example . 
  that 's what 's concerning about this . 
  we managed to create a situation so scary that many people considered more `` privileged '' -- as in young , educated , resourceful , and often with savings -- sometimes take the risk to seize an opportunity abroad . 
  the article mentions the economic context , which might very well be the best explanation , but what about culture and identity ? 
  obviously i ca n't speak for all french emigrants and there 's no data about this but i really think some of us have just given up on france 's capacity to get back on its feet and even fear for french society itself . 
  once you start feeling abandoned , as if you did n't belong to a nation any longer , then it becomes really easy to leave and start a new life abroad . 
  what could make people feel that way ? 
  it could be anything : political or religious beliefs , a gap between expectations and reality , a disagreement with the principles promoted by the public sphere or just a general sentiment of having been let down . 
  that is not my case but i 'd like to know what you guys think . 
  you know he 's right and that 's why you answered with a strawman . 
  when taxation represents 45 % of gdp and when government spending makes up 57 % of the gdp , we 're closer to the ussr than to a free-market economy . 
  now to put these figures in perspective , let 's not forget that the french state administers pensions and health insurance , which are responsible for about half of what is asked from households and companies in the form of taxation . 
  to go back to / u/feldheld 's point , yes , the profitability of french companies has been decreasing for decades and doing business in italy , germany , spain or the uk is much more profitable . 
  belonging to the eu does n't mean nations have to stop having a foreign policy and stop promoting trade with their partners from other continents . 
  it 's not like the eu and china are n't already good partners as far as trade goes . 
  the dialogue regarding human rights exists , and progress is slow . 
  but diplomacy means not jeopardizing relations and potential deals just because we ca n't impose our views or policies upon their country . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem of schools not being equal enough . 
  to be brief , the spirit of the french school system was to replace nepotism and hereditary privileges by a * free * system based on * merit * . 
  but in the last few decades there was a shift in the focus of the educational system . 
  40 years ago pupils received a solid cultural and scientific base . 
  due to the context there was no real need to receive any professional training to find a job , people could count and read and that was enough . 
  those who wanted and had the capacities to pursue higher education could receive a high quality education . 
  today , the educational system has basically turned into this egalitarian joke , where pupils do n't excel at reading or counting , do n't have a solid cultural and scientific base , and do n't receive proper professional training either . 
  people are more concerned about not offending children , parents and minorities and making sure noone is hurt . 
  noone cares about the inter-generational transmission of knowledge any longer . 
  let 's not even mention the state of french universities . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  are you referring to a european identity ? 
  use clear words and definitions . 
  right now , even * national * identities are fragile . 
  we all have different traditions , different languages , different ways to do business , and i ca n't think of one topic on which every single country in the eu agrees . 
  every sane person in the world wants peace , freedom and likes good food . 
  if that 's the reason why you consider that the peoples of europe , in all their diversity , are similar enough to belong to the same family , then we might as well belong to the same family as china or nigeria . 
  that 's how similar european countries actually are . 
  triggered ? 
  the uk is doing well economically ( i live there ) , france is n't . 
  the french spend more on welfare and yet a 2012 study by the sociological journal ash estimates that in 2010 , 3,291,000 children lived in a household under the low income line of the french social security system . 
  people getting jobs will be a source of improvement , but that 's not enough . 
  there 's an alarming increase in the number of single-parent households in both countries . 
  households with only one parent are much more likely to be considered poor because obviously you ca n't work as many hours as two parents could , so single-mom households tend to have a very low income . 
  decreasing unemployment rates wo n't lead to single parents working 80 hours per week . 
  that 's just one reason why full employment does not necessarily mean a decreasing relative poverty for children . 
  what you say does not make sense . 
  first , you do n't speak for the rest of the nation . 
  also , if a significant part of the country wants to buy from small shops -- like you just said -- then why the fuck would the state need to protect them from bigger companies ? 
  the fact is , bigger shops are often more convenient and make you save money . 
  people ** deliberately ** shop there because of that . 
  and if they deliberately want to shop there who are you to tell them otherwise ? 
  if anything , it 's the local and national institutions who put small businesses in tough situations . 
  taxes and regulations hit small businesses harder than they do large corporations . 
  therefore , if you really want to defend small businesses , you should fight the minist\u00e8re de l'emploi , 
  this is bullshit and you know it . 
  businesses do n't die because their competitors are open when they close . 
  all businesses are closed at one point in the week or the day . 
  people do n't merely stop shopping there forever because of that . 
  and if the product or the service delivered by a business is superior ( by being open more often for example ) to its competitors then it 's fine if they get more business . 
  customers do n't belong to anyone and noone is entitled to being protected from someone else who is better at their job . 
  christians have nothing to do with this . 
  they 're completely irrelevant as a group . 
  this is just typical `` let me tell you how you should live your life '' stuff . 
  whether someone wants to close his shop is none of our business . 
  do n't worry , your intentions were good, 
  did you try czechoslovakia too ? 
  what about the other two billion porn websites ? 
  they 've already tried to destroy the camps and move those people to better , temporary housing with heating . 
  they 've also tried sending some to other centres around france so that calais centres and social workers are n't overwhelmed by the huge number of people . 
  all they want is to cross the channel . 
  the current situation is a disgrace but it 's difficult , what else are we supposed to do ? 
  that looked like it could be straight out of a south park episode . 
  i expected a picture of ronaldo crying with a moth on his face but that also works, 
  this is great to teach people gun safety and what they should n't do, 
  you heard the argument of the op : money . 
  all of the pro-federal arguments rely on the assumption that we all share the same values and interests anyway so we would just be stronger united under a central government , while saving money . 
  but just like you , i can see plenty of contrasting interests among the original six-country union ; let alone among the current union of 28 states . 
  we do n't share the same concerns , we have different diplomatic ties , different languages , we do n't vote the same . 
  i think we can all benefit from cooperation when it comes to energy , trade , and the military . 
  those are even popular proposals today if you look at eu polls . 
  but like you said , why go further than that ? 
   so now we have a problem . 
  in order to work eu need more integration ( and more democratic checks ) but there is no political will ( with nationalism ) to do that ... . 
  so what to do next ? 
  and yet everytime there 's a poll asking about common eu policies regarding energy , immigration and defence , the results are overwhelmingly in favour of more eu integration . 
  those policies are the first steps . 
  the only thing that 's controversial is accepting new countries like turkey . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_publ_en.pdf ( page 161 ), 
  i just hope everything works out both for the brits and the millions of foreigners who are temporarily or indefinitely living there ( myself included ) . 
  this also makes me realise how hard it can be to come to terms with democratic decisions you do n't agree with . 
  maybe it takes more wisdom than i currently have . 
  we have the same problem here . 
  i remember a while ago there was this group of olympique de marseilles hooligans who caused chaos in a dutch town . 
  the poor local folks got chairs thrown at them and everything . 
  hooligans are scum .
