  we all know it 's just a show though . 
  the european film industry ( and especially the french one ) always sounds like someone who 's afraid to lose their privileges . 
  `` governments need to finance entertainment , it 's for your own good !, 
  not contributing to these subsidies is immoral ! '', 
  if they need government funding , it is safe to assume that their product is not profitable . 
  most people do not want to pay to go see these films . 
  and if you want to experiment by making a movie which you know will not be a successful , mainstream , box-office hit , fine !, 
  but it does n't mean that you 're entitled to receive funding from the government . 
  negotiate with the unions and give them everything they want . 
  sit back and watch as unemployment rates soar and the economy stagnates for decades . 
  that eagle looks weak , give it some * sauerkraut mit wurst * . 
  when and where was it used ? 
  i had a coin commemorating d-day not so long ago but unfortunately i must have given it away . 
  edit : [ i found it online ] ( http://www.collect2euros.fr/images/ppieces/l500pieces/fra2014v1.jpg ) the text at the bottom of the coin reads `` les sanglots longs des violons de l'automne blessent mon coeur d'une langueur monotone '' , part of a poem by paul verlaine which was broadcast by radio londres on july 5th , 1944 to warn the french * r\u00e9sistants * about the incoming american forces . 
  [ the german design with the german eagle is my favorite . 
  ] ( http://www.bundesbank.de/redaktion/en/bilder/bilderstrecken/euro_muenzen_national/deutschland_2euro.jpg?__blob=normal ) it 's a simple design but the eagle looks massive . 
  this is preposterous . 
  nobody cares about their gender or the colour of their skins . 
  this is nothing more than an ad hominem `` argument '' . 
  french politicians love playing the victim and insulting eachother to suppress any actual discussion . 
  thanks for your insight, 
  german speaking swiss cantons are more `` linguistically intolerant '' than the french ones ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  given that the conservatives remain in power i trust the brits to keep a free trade and free travel policy with us even if they leave . 
  even though there might be negative economic outcomes , the world wo n't end if they leave . 
  i 'd rather they stayed and built more influence in the eu institutions but it 's their call . 
  edit : typos . 
  i get that a lot . 
  mainly because i have a british accent and a taste for cider . 
  where 's the line between spying and intelligence ? 
   i always hear how libertarianism is `` an american thing '' and that `` libertarianism could never take root here [ in europe ] . '', 
  this is true to some extent . 
  individualism , strong property rights and a distrust of government , all these ideas are less influential in europe than in the us . 
  but this is a generality and even in the us , some places are more liberal than others . 
  ( i 'm thinking of california as compared to texas for example )  how did you come to hold these beliefs ? 
  history books first , and then i went on to more academic literature . 
   do you support the french welfare state or want to dismantle it ? 
  i oppose the degree to which my countrymen rely on the state but i think this is not the most important issue at the moment . 
  corruption , regulations , unions and taxation are more important given that the job market is really tight right now . 
  lots of libertarians would disagree with me and that 's why i was reluctant to claim i was one . 
   libertarian i do n't really identify with the libertarian movement but if i absolutely had to label my political opinions then i 'd choose that , yes . 
   trickle down reaganomics and thatcherism has n't worked too well over . 
  i 'm not of fan of reagan or thatcher but i 'd rather have any of the two than die in my stagnating , union-ruled , corrupted cuntry that is france . 
   a flat tax just pisses the masses off too this is a * practical * argument i agree with . 
  some level of redistribution and progression in taxation appears to have positive outcomes , considering that it reduces income inequality which has -- according to some studies -- long-term negative effect both socially and economically . 
  yes absolutely . 
  i never claimed any firm should be bailed out with public funds and in fact i completely oppose it . 
  i merely disagree with the claim that entrepreneurs should carry the heaviest burden because they owe their success to the rest of society . 
   they should pay their share too . 
  who gets to decide what is a ` fair share ' and what is too much taxes ? 
  what makes this opinion unpopular is that i disagree with the moral argument claiming we ought to tax them because they do n't deserve the fruits of their labour . 
  yes you are perfectly right . 
  when the government provides a service however , it is very common to see it referred to as `` free '' . 
  people are n't entitled to free healthcare , education , water or housing . 
  successful entrepreneurs do not owe anything to the rest of society . 
  yeah , he seems like the best man to party with , he 's just not politician material . . or is he ? 
   france 's civil aviation agency said part of the dispute involves plans to raise the retirement age for controllers from 57 to 59 years . 
  this is why companies do their best to replace employees with robots as fast as they can . 
  we do n't take kindly to your types in here, 
   i think eastern germany was better than many developing capitalist countries in terms of living standards ( work , food , education , etc ) . 
  your claim is very interesting , would you mind showing us some data to support it ? 
  i do n't think people mainly oppose state capitalism or communism because it failed , but because they would rather enjoy self-ownership and strong property rights in a society that respects individual liberties than live in a society that enforces strict economic equality at the cost of individual freedom . 
  they probably change their minds , give up and cross the border when they realise the extent of the french bureaucracy . 
  unfortunately some investigations suggest that the french government , among others , have paid ransoms for hostages in the past . 
  it 's a complex issue that often involves emotion rather than reason and i obviously oppose giving terrorists large sums of money , but i 'll refrain from judging governments who do it . 
   life long friendship why are you friends with someone willing to expose his own kids to an easily avoidable risk of death ? 
   in the last election of that kind , the fn only had 1 seat . 
  getting 62 now , so it 's a 6100 % increase ? 
  oh my god it 's happening !!, 
   its mostly europe but jews and corporation are also in good positions , that is when europe is not described as tool used by the jewish owned corporation to opress us . 
  i think you went a bit too far . 
  you 'll never hear any conspiracist theories about jews in the mainstream media . 
  i agree however on french people blaming corporations and the free market and the eu . 
  i 'm only 30 minutes into the documentary but so far , this has been spot on . 
  it shows both the free-market perspective , advocating fewer regulations and reduced taxes to encourage businesses to grow and invest , and the protectionist view , who blames free-trade and international competition for soaring unemployment . 
  i do n't want to get into an argument with any of my countrymen about what should be done . 
  and this has already been discussed several times , but i 'm glad this allows you to have a better grasp of the french political sphere . 
  do n't be upset , their observations are n't relevant , which tells us they 're mostly teenagers angry about tax evasion . 
  the swiss value business and individual freedom and are highly respected for that . 
  what you call `` dubious business '' is just respecting a contract . 
  french banks and french arms industry corporations for example are even worse that switzerland 's . 
  they had contracts with the uae and other governments way worse than russia , and we 're not talking about chf 90 million . 
  the swiss did not do anything to deserve this hatred . 
  jail is for rabble . 
  i 'll eat my hat the day french courts put politicians behind bars . 
  what ethnic group have the french tried to exterminate ? 
  it 's such a great way to compete with the usa that they 've been pushing eu integration since its creation . 
  you could see it as a threat or a promise , but the point is to insist on the idea that the uk ca n't secure the same deals with france outside of the eu . 
  the french government is actually helping david cameron by supporting his claims that brexit will have bad outcomes for the brits . 
  it 's not about fucking up their country if they do n't do as we say , it 's about what contracts and deals the french will be willing to secure in the events of a brexit -- which is perfectly legitimate on our side . 
  cockroaches ? 
  you mean ghouls ? 
  i did n't know antonio tejero , the leader of the coup , was still alive and free . 
  he tried to overthrow the government and yet only served 15 years in jail . 
   czechoslovania first they 'll come for slovenia , and then the world . 
  please let this be a hoax ... 
  he meant so much for british pop and music in general . 
  listening to his new album is going to be very painful now . 
  fuck this is unfair . 
  what happens when both the bride and the husband already have two surnames each ?
