  europe and france have become their main target . 
  first because we 're closer , but our borders are also less secure . 
  they use both foreign and local militants , with well-organised sleeping cells in most of europe . 
  one of their strategies is to make the french strike in belgium or the french strike in the uk for example , because it 's easier to fool european intelligence agencies that way . 
  all of this was explicitly explained by their leaders , there 's no controversy . 
  they strike us because it 's easier and gives more results . 
  france has the largest muslim population in western europe . 
  although it 's scary to see so many leave to fight in syria , so far there 's not much tension between communities . 
  what they hope for however is to take advantage of our demography , decrease french national unity and create distrust and unrest among us . 
   yes , but on the list of priorities immigration is not the number one problem people claim it is . 
  i 'm just me . 
  i do n't know what `` people in general '' claim and it 's irrelevant . 
  the topic being the fn political party , that 's not what they claim either . 
  it 's certainly a priority but noone , not even them , claimed this would solve most problems . 
   the problem is the home-grown muslim population which breeds jihadists and islamists . 
  `` home-grown '' extremists are incapable of planning such devastating attacks without foreign training and logistical support . 
  it takes is to bring france to its knees . 
  the problem is multidimensional , just like you already said . 
  that 's why it has to be tackled with multidimensional actions : in france , with our european and nato partners , and abroad in destabilised country . 
  of course it raises questions regarding our immigration policy and our foreign policy . 
  the authorities mentioned a state of war . 
  you know what countries at war do n't do ? 
  they do n't open their doors to their enemies and give them an easy way to sneak ill-intentioned people into national territory . 
  the is is an organisation with an ideology and a plan . 
  they specifically target france and europe because it 's closer , because it has a significant muslim population which they can work on and create distrust , and because it 's less secure than the us . 
  we 're the weak part of the western world , partly because of our immigration policy . 
  in english i think it translates as `` it never rains but it pours '' . 
  edit : typo, 
  two things . 
  first , we do not necessarily have the legal means to keep people who were * allegedly * trained abroad and linked to violent movements out of european territories . 
  second thing , the dominant view currently in both academia and the public sphere in general is that people resort to violence because they are oppressed . 
  in the past years this is what you heard about violent muslims and islamists . 
  the story goes like this . 
  they were abandoned by the state , they are discriminated against , they feel they have no future in their host country ( i say host because they do n't feel french ) but they can not express their anger democratically so they turn to radical islam and violence . 
  this dominant view suggests that the government and society are at the heart of the problem , not islam , not our foreign policy and not our immigration policy . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  they 're both soldiers and terrorists . 
  on the one hand they 're invited to fight in syria , but on the other hand if they 're prevented from leaving in one way or another , they 're encouraged to hit their host country . 
   their irregular rag-tag fanatists would n't stand a chance against a well-equipped , well-trained army how long did it take the best army in the world to tackle `` rag-tag fanatists '' in previous conflicts again ? 
  have you forgotten the aftermath both for western forces and local populations ? 
  first , i was appalled to learn about what happened . 
  noone expected such retaliations against civilians . 
  all my thoughts are with the people of paris , but also beirut who also suffered a terrible attack a couple of days ago . 
  it makes you wonder how it came to that point . 
  if what we 've heard so far about the terrorists is true , then this has to do with the french intervention in syria . 
  they 're not in the coalition just for the show . 
  for example they 've been bombing training facilities where foreigners were allegedly trained to be sent back to europe . 
  we ca n't just say `` let 's go boys '' and be done with the whole thing by christmas . 
  should we stop our involvement in syria ? 
  of course not . 
  but where is this going , considering we explicitly ruled out supporting assad ? 
  the country is in ruins and hosts many rebel factions . 
  what 's going to happen if we indeed send ground troops and support the free syrian army ? 
  will the rest of the world just let us ? 
  how many years and how many attacks will that take ? 
  the worst question of all : considering the aftermath of the interventions in libya , afghanistan and iraq ( each for different reasons of course ) is it worth it and can we be sure it 's the right thing to do ? 
  i 'm glad i do n't have to take this decision . 
  because we bombed them in mali and syria and will keep bombing them . 
  also , muslims who try to reach syria and are however unable to do so are encouraged by daesh to take reprisals against their host country . 
  if i may add something to what you said , the difference between chinese laws and the european ones in this case is that it 's not for control imo . 
  post-hitler european affairs are governed by the `` never again '' state-of-mind . 
  we are so concerned with repeating the errors of the past that every political matter , especially involving a minority will result in over-the-top decisions aimed to either please minorities or make us appear less nationalistic and more open to cultural differences and alterity ; even if that means sacrificing what remains of national identities and traditions . 
  one example that comes to mind : many of my countrymen -- especially the left and far-left movements -- freaked out when it was announced this year that * mein kampf * would be published in france again with at least a 100-page analysis containing criticism by historians . 
  will allowing people to learn about history create another hitler ? 
  of course not . 
  but we 're so scared of suddenly turning into fascists or colonialists that we sometimes take decisions that go against our own ideals of individual freedom . 
  i think it goes even further than this . 
  the eu does not * want * to represent anything except compromise . 
  this is why you have bridges on euro notes instead of scientists or national heroes . 
  the eu only stands for the free-market , democracy and `` never again '' ; but the `` never again '' will always trump everything else in the political debate . 
  research what the values of the european union are . 
  you 'll never hear about traditions or identities except when it is defined as `` peace , humanism and equality '' , i.e. 
  `` never again '' . 
  by adopting these values , the eu hoped to transcend the cultural and political differences between european countries , but instead , it clashes with some of them . 
  just because we all live in free-market democracies does not mean a frenchman , a hungarian and a croatian can come to a compromise on every single political question . 
  that 's the problem behind the eu and its values fundamentally based on peace and empty compromise : * never again * . 
  weirdos . 
  you ca n't trust the test if the donor was contaminated in the last 10 days . 
   without social welfare programs , european countries will turn into what we see in the third-world countries : pockets of immense wealth in a sea of poverty . 
  and if it was n't for government intervention people would live in the woods and eat dirt . 
  just to be fair with him , here are other european politicians trying hard even though they 'd prepared their speeches : [ croatian mep ingrid anti\u010devi\u0107 marinovi\u0107 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oijio7ymqo8 ) [ former french president nicolas sarkozy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihrilaw6j4c ) [ former french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orj3wimdhlk ), 
  for anyone wondering , the reason why the french figures are so high is because that 's how our pensions and health insurance systems are funded . 
  once again , iceland is just ignored by map designers . 
  ca n't they just move closer to us ? 
   more easy easier !, 
  i do n't know for sure . 
  some people here have mentioned the school system as the root cause . 
  that 's a good place to start looking for solutions . 
   i sort of understand their pride of not needing english . 
  noone 's proud of that . 
  it 's just a fact and it 's unlikely to be related to our poor results in english proficiency . 
  like most countries on earth we just happen to not * need * to speak good english , most people do n't master it , and this is fine . 
  people here seem to have a problem with this but it 's true . 
  and again , there 's no feeling of pride involved and it 's not necessarily related to our poor results . 
  there 's no shame at all either until they go abroad . 
  people are ashamed of everything these days . 
  live your life speaking only french while living in france . 
  nothing bad happens . 
   i wonder though , to what extent the resistance to english may be rooted in an attitude that french is still an international language of communication . 
  why do n't everyone on the planet learn the 2 or 3 most used languages ?
