nevermind , i 'm wrong . 
  i thought the bnp paribas $ 9 billion settlement was the biggest bank settlement but it 's not . 
  in 2014 , bank of america was condemned to pay $ 16.65 billion . 
  american companies are not spared i guess . 
  they 'll never pay $ 18 billion . 
  it 's just the maximum fine they could get . 
  yes , fraud is bad , but at least noone died . 
  last week general motors was fined $ 900 million because of a defect tied to ** 174 ** deaths , recalling 2 million cars ... ( [ link ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/business/wp/2015/09/17/why-general-motors-900-million-fine-for-a-deadly-defect-is-just-a-slap-on-the-wrist/ ) ) vw will be recalling a few hundreds of thousands of vehicles and they will not be treated as kindly because they are a german company . 
  although vw could threaten to cancel their next investment in america too ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  scotland was able to have a refererendum because westminster allowed it , in accordance with the constitution of the uk . 
  spain is an indivisible nation , its constitution does n't allow one province or one region to decide its fate , which means only a * national * vote can allow catalunya to secede legally . 
  they 'll never be independent unless they 're dumb enough to take arms . 
  the pkk is not blacklisted as a terrorist organization in switzerland , right ? 
  anyone know how swiss authorities answered to these events ? 
  and yet it 's the uk who have a teenage pregnancy problem and the social issues that come with it , according to this [ 2014 study released by the office for national statistics ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/vsob1/births-by-area-of-usual-residence-of-mother--england-and-wales/2012/sty-international-comparisons-of-teenage-pregnancy.html ) . 
  i do n't know enough about the situation in ireland or the uk to tell whether it 's caused by conservative and religious mindsets or by a disadvantaged background . 
  maybe ireland is still quite socially conservative relative to the rest of europe . 
  however , it 's good to see that they have come a long way since [ the girl in the grotto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ann_lovett ) . 
  perhaps you guys can tell us how much things have changed and whether the reputation of ireland as a socially conservative society ( no talking about laws here ) is still fair . 
  i have to admit , i kind of missed those `` man angry at satirical cartoons '' articles . 
  the cartoons address a certain audience that does not need to be constantly reminded that the authors are in fact exposing hypocrisy or social issues . 
  good thing it does not matter how revolted people are and that they are protected by the law . 
  no it 's not , it 's the truth . 
  there 's no excuse for the situation some labour unions put people ( french and foreigners alike ) into . 
  but i guess whenever you want something from the french government you can just go and block all means of transportation and get away with it . 
  just because you do n't speak french does n't mean you wo n't enjoy your time here . 
  english is enough to enjoy restaurants , landmarks , hikes , museums etc. 
  honestly if i were planning my holidays in france i 'd be more worried about prices and strikes . 
  incidentally the best holidays i ever had was in andaluc\u00eda . 
  i did n't speak english or spanish fluently at the time but some of the hotel staff spoke french . 
  that was my only way of getting information to plan my stay and trying to communicate with locals -- who still managed to help me despite the language barriers -- was one of the reasons why i had a blast . 
  the french * generally * do n't speak english well enough to have a conversation with a native . 
  this is especially true with the older generations and it has nothing to do with pride . 
  the only european countries with a worse english proficiency than france 's are russia , ukraine and turkey , according to the ef english proficiency index . 
  i agree it 's a shame for the tourist industry if their workers ca n't speak english , but this is not some conspiracy to piss off foreigners . 
  every language seems obsolete when you compare them to english . 
  i feel very lucky i can speak to lots of tunisians , algerians , moroccans , malians , swiss , belgians , canadians , etc. 
  it 's still a global language . 
  i 'm not proud of it , i 'm just saying it is still very useful . 
  wait , should we be sorry the french always insist to use their own language in institutions that * allow * it ? 
  maybe on a few occasions french public speakers decided they wanted to piss off foreigners , but it 's mostly because they feel more comfortable addressing an audience in their mother tongue . 
  [ tl ; dr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfumw_mf5qc ), 
  and why should this stay on the front page exactly ? 
  even / r/france could not care less ... 
  the puerta del sol plaza in madrid might be spain 's most popular plaza . 
  puerta del sol literally means `` the sun 's gates '' and just like the sun is the center of our system , it 's located at the exact center of the country relative to its roads . 
  [ your political compass economic left/right : 5.5 social libertarian/authoritarian : -4.87 ] ( http://imgur.com/cjbykde ) more accurate than other tests . 
  i 'm an individual rights advocate , which means i defend both economic and social freedoms . 
  in a nutshell , i do n't care if a homosexual couple wants to get married , smoke weed and own guns . 
  people are not entitled to any kind of help , which does not mean individuals like myself wo n't actively help those who need it . 
  `` ae is just a number . '', 
   how does france come to terms with the terror and the things that happened before the thermidorian coup when celebrating bastille day ? 
  it 's simple . 
  the current situation is a result of more than a century of republican propaganda . 
  today however i 'd say most people are aware that most revolutionaries were either deluded , power-hungry scum or masses of common folk who were unable to feed their children . 
  for the sake of brevity , the terror and jacobin ideas nevertheless had a huge impact on the exercise of power in france . 
  that 's why even today the ideas of centralisation and egalitarianism have such an influence in france . 
  i totally understand your point of view as there 's a world of difference between the english glorious revolution or the american revolution on the one hand and the advent of the french democratic state on the other hand . 
  bastille day is supposed to be a celebration of liberty and union but i feel like it 's actually a celebration of the power of the state . 
  i never thought that watching aggressive people get their asses kicked would be so satisfying . 
  this is preposterous . 
  the greek officials are the ones blackmailing the rest of the eurozone . 
  `` well , well , well ... 
  it 's a nice monetary union you 've got here . 
  it 'd be a shame if something happened to it . '', 
  too soon man . . 
  my gues is that because for some reason the earth implodes . 
  that 's not a very reassuring thought . 
  honestly i would n't be surprised if he did like it . 
  bin laden was one of the funniest characters on this show . 
  he was n't portrayed as completely stupid or irrelevant like some politicians were ; he was just portrayed as a ruthless man with a very dark sense of humour . 
  my university used ubuntu for every single computer . 
  it 's the exact same thing as windows . 
  you log in , and the desktop already has all the shortcuts most people need : libreoffice and a browser . 
  librarians are available if you need help but there are signs that explain the basics . 
  the same thing would happen with computer running windows anyway . 
  the differences between windows and ubuntu are huge , but do n't matter at all when you just want to browse the web and write a paper . 
   i think the elephant in the room is : do we want a federal europe ? 
  are we working in that direction ? 
  if not , what is the political end game here ? 
  we just seem to be either kicking the can down the road in making that decision , or drunkenly stumbling in the darkness towards it . 
  i agree that something just does n't make sense here . 
  on the one end , the institutions were built to always tend towards more integration , but on the other hand noone knows how a european army would work or how a european fiscal policy would work and there 's just no actual popular support for these things . 
   should n't we be more to each other by now ? 
  should n't i as a dutchman care about the falklands , because the british do ? 
  for some of us , national or regional identities mean nothing.i 'm an individual and i identify with other people based on their values and their actions , not their nationality . 
  i see no reason why i should care more about a german or a british person than i would for a japanese or a vietnamese . 
  if people care more about their neighbours , it 's often in their own self-interest , not because of identity . 
  * edit : i just wanted to add that that does n't mean i do n't care about other europeans . 
  i do , but not just because their close and they happen to havebeen born on the same continent . 
  * in my case i do n't want a huge , centralized , european yet foreign state to replace my own centralized government , especially if the only purpose is to counter american hegemony . 
  if you want to get rid of bureaucracy , we 'll need to get rid of entire institutions and strip them of their powers . 
  this means huge deregulation and more decentralization with the principle of subsidiarity at the heart of european reforms . 
  estonia did the same thing with an aerial view of your country . 
  everyone has an animal , why do n't you have an animal ? 
  it 's a tough question . 
  i do n't want to mention the war so instead i 'll go with the publication of the [ * encyclop\u00e9die * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/encyclop%c3%a9die ) . 
  i know it 'll sound really cheesy but in my eyes it represents the slow and gradual transition from a society dominated by dogma and fear of nature to a society built around reason and the study of natural sciences . 
  it 's supposed to protect * das deutsche volk * , so it has to look strong .
