what really pisses me off is that lough neagh is the only part of the island with no clouds , and that the clouds all majically stop at the coasts . 
  if you 're any kind of engineer or in finance it 's certaintly still the case . 
  but that low tax , high income , though ... 
  west coast of ireland is further west , though . 
  you can go to the beach in december in ireland . 
  you just drive there ... 
  did n't even make the list , i presume we 're the best and it did n't need to be asked . 
  irish mammies filling in for their kids . 
  `` ah he 's a catholic really , it 's just phase '' . 
  we have a sayin in ireland called accepting the queen 's shilling . 
  those soup kitchens would only feed you if you turned your back on your religion and culture . 
  you had to convert to anglicanism and speak only english . 
  that is not charity , that is an effort to remove irish culture and language . 
  [ yes , yes he did . 
  ] ( http://www.azquotes.com/author/14781-charles_trevelyan ), 
  far better . 
  shops in the uk leave their fruit and veg in storage longer so it 's close to its sell by date . 
  they only last a few days in the fridge , instead of 10 plus in ireland . 
  the quality of meat and dairy is nowhere in comparison either . 
  the uk supermarkets are more aggressive with water injection into meat , as an example . 
  i 've lived in both countries , and my familly members who grew up in the uk always briought a stash of food back with them to the uk when they visited . 
  food quality is fairly poor in the uk , though . 
  clever ploy to increase bojo 's involvement . 
  there 's also the imfamous snickers thread . 
  i ca n't find it however . 
  [ to this level i wonder ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/5zh2h4/do_i_look_dark_irish/ ), 
  r/ireland is fantastic for bashing bewildered americans . 
  i do n't think it does too well in australia , because we invaded and fuck it up a bit . 
  the rest of the world seems to agree though !, 
  irish names are hard because most of the letters are silent but affect how the word is pronounced . 
  for example clodagh is pronounced ` clo-da ' . 
  all the sounds are quite different to other languages . 
  i bet your friend is a good story teller , for which the accent helps . 
  we 're brought up on stories and being funny , which makes us charming . 
  then the accent covers up the shite talk !, 
  tis true in canada anyway !, 
  anything big is understated and anything small is overstated . 
  the irish accent was a weapon alright . 
  young men tend to be more inclined to emigrate at that age than women , not by a large gap but enough to give 5 % difference . 
  then the other comment kicks in regarding jobs . 
  ww2 being called the emergency . 
  the total collapse of our financial system was called the recession . 
  the list goes on . 
  we really ca n't handel important or scary things , so we rename them to be less so . 
  they 're really trigger happy with bans . 
  if they say it 's safe i believe them . 
  edit : due to the `` toxic to aquatic life with long lasting effects '' finding , this substance will probably be banned . 
  they 're banning chemicals , some of which are critical to medical devices , for way less than that these days . 
  do n't worry . 
  echa through reach are banning everything left , right and centre atm . 
  mano le tough is irelands best dj by about the distance from earth to the sun and back . 
  can we claim apex twin ? 
  he was born in limerick at least . 
  most of our talent ends up in berlin , however . 
  i 've no idea who john o'callahan is . 
  how is most likley to give an offical a gift a good thing ? 
  sounds like a euphemism for bribery . 
  the issue with his view is that irish is thought to us like it 's our native or everyday language as people desire it to be . 
  unfortunatly it is n't and means we ca n't get the hang of it early on . 
  irish culture however has gone from strength to strength since independance . 
  after a re-read ; you 're correct . 
  it is and it 's based in ireland but uk investments ( pension funds ect . ), 
  own 60 % of the shares , i think . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  my parents generation were forced to read peig sayers , which is probably the most miserable piece of literature ever created . 
  which means i 'm an old woman now , with one foot in the grave and the other on the edge . 
  that was the most joyous line in the entire book . 
  both of pronunciations are wrong . 
  it 's * tea-shock * . 
  even if it was with lepen ? 
  a month ? 
  ffs , what possible dirt is left !, 
  has there been a sex scandel yet ? 
  i 'm too full of popcorn to finish this election :(, 
  celtic religion involved lots of nudity . 
  the snakes he drove away are just hiding in our pants !, 
  ah , we could n't be taking pints off the less fortunate . 
  call over ans we 'll give you a round . 
  due to the drop in their currency , the january sales were very easy to sell off all their stock . 
  that meant they needed a short term increase in staff . 
  the problem now is they 've sold all there cheap stock and now have to replace it with a lower value currency . 
  that will cause price increases , which in-turn will reduce their econmic output . 
  all the people who 've just been employed will loose their job again . 
  there was also a spike in tourism , which helped no end . 
  but that 's what the few who bank rolled brexit did . 
  not really . 
  at the momment it is too easy for one person , or small group of people , to nefariously affect the views of the individual members of the populus . 
  [ here is how they did it . 
  ] ( https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/how-our-likes-helped-trump-win ) the remain vote also tried to do something similar , but where less competant . 
  the reason why i think that this was an undemocratic campaign was because of the lies the leave campaign used to get their victory . 
  in this case the people were sold a miss truth . 
  this was perpetuated by the elites in the first place . 
  so please ; explain to me how a few isolate elites , who feared the eu taking away their power , controlling the information fed to the general population to give them the illusion of free choice is democratic ? 
  so you hold a referendum where one millionaire , aaron banks , and his shady american alt-right contacts sway public opinion based on a misinformation campaign ? 
  does n't sound particularilly democratic either . 
  what if the people want something that 's a bad idea ? 
  correct , that 's why we 're pissed off about the us using shannon for re-fueling . 
  the irish times is very good . 
  if find uk times a little snobby , but it is very good .
