  they get the odd twat on it , but the irish times do to . 
  if you want true unbiased reporting , the finacial times is best . 
  those guys are souless acountants that only care where the money will come from . 
  united ireland is , and always will be , a romantic pursuit . 
  there is no logical way in which it could benifit the north or republic in the short term . 
  all that aside , how could one campagin for a no vote in the republic ? 
  personally i 'd vote yes , against my better judgement . 
  if anyting the ruling class now sees the media as a true threat and invented the term ` fake news ' , or at least have highjacked it , to discredit any news organisation which has the audacity to speak against them . 
  unfortunalty you are right , but these new alt-right parties have serious financial and tech backing from american benifactors who want to see the eu collapse . 
  just look at who farange and gove have had behind them for the leave campaign . 
  the people who say they 'll vote sf tend not vote . 
  fg will oust kenny , which will improve their rankings . 
  how anyone could vote ff is beyond me , logic , common sense and the very fabric of reality itself . 
  the rcc told the mothers of these children that an abortion was wrong and they could n't have one . 
  they told the mothers they could not work as a single parent . 
  they told the mothers , and the mothers family , that these nuns would care for them . 
  instead they tortured , starved and depraved mother and child until the death of the child , and the mother in some cases . 
  an abortion was the humane thing to do . 
  not what went on in these homes . 
  most of those people are christian fundamentalists from the us pushing their agenda . 
  it 's the one of the last remnants of the catholic church 's domination of the state and society . 
  i 'm not going to take your word for that . 
  show me the numbers , calculations and assumptions . 
  no , but they did force the conditions where the populaton could only be supported by a single crop . 
  then once the blight struck , they kept exporting food out of ireland , did nothing to help irish and knowingly allowed the population to starve . 
  it was a joke lad . 
  you 'd be better of just using hydro dams . 
  the rain idea is wistful thinking . 
  imagine if we could harvest the rain for electricity . 
  we 'd be set . 
  they believe if half of them stay for a few years after their degree that they 'll get a net gain . 
  their unempolyment rate is so low that most can get jobs . 
  overall i think it would work out for them . 
  i was expecting calorie intake to be inversely proportional to average temperature . 
  only if the tax rate they paid in abroad is less than what they would have paid in the us , iirc . 
  however , as income tax in the us is far less than in europe they never end up paying . 
  [ it 's even ginger ffs . 
  a realist would say ` look we need to scale back on our social programs and start effectively recouping tax returns . 
  a populist would say what syriza did . 
  although , this poll would suggest that the people realise that syriza had n't a clue . 
  at least they recognise their own flaws , not to say the eurozone and eu do n't have any either . 
  it will be interesting to see who they vote in next time ; a realist or a populist . 
  could you blame them ? 
  it was the heart of english power in ireland . 
  the surnames and culture are slightly different to this day because of it . 
  also culchies like to use it to abuse people from that area for not being true irish . 
  but then how can you claim to be morally better than him ? 
  he used fear and death to get his message across , but why should we , as normal people , drop ourselves to his level ? 
  if you kill him , or treat him as scum ; how can you claim to be better than him ? 
  ketchup and/or cheese mostly . 
  onions too . 
  it 's lies . 
  we eat burgers and drink pints . 
  hurling existed before jesus . 
  he had very little to do with it . 
  yes , it 's called [ hurling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hurling ) . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncqecatzhqk ) it 's played across the world too . 
  apart from [ gaelic football ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaelic_football ) . 
  which pre-dates english football . 
  what you call football , we call soccer in ireland . 
  we have our own type of football . 
  yes that 's correct . 
  how well does it work ? 
  ema could go to ireland . 
  we 've a huge pharma and med-tech industry , per capita at least . 
  we 've said bagsy . 
  also , our disposa are currently licking the building . 
  it 's ours now . 
  apparently the czechs have no idea where dublin is . 
  very much worth the read . 
  thansk for sharing . 
  [ how about as snazzy hugo boss uniform ? 
  ] ( https://bw-1651cf0d2f737d7adeab84d339dbabd3-bcs.s3.amazonaws.com/products/product_103545/product_image_full_251511_844427e39e8f494ea84c2991924d2ddd.jpg ), 
  ireland and the uk were close allies in the eu . 
  he is reasonibly correct to say we 're going to lose our voice a bit . 
  nope , over the last 20 years . 
  if you want to see what real incompetance is like ; have a look at the [ moriarity tribunal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moriarty_tribunal ) in ireland . 
  aparently if you bribe a politian half a million quid in the 90 's ; you go scot free , [ use the money to buy out the media ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/media/denis-o-brien ) with the money you earned from the deal and then be an all round cunt . 
  compete as an economy and not to be pushed around by the us 's bulk . 
  true enough , before ph they were isolationist . 
  if you assume modern technology would have still happened , that policy would have been discarded . 
  i think the ambition to form a trading block to compete with the us would have eventually caused the union . 
  to compete with a very unified economy like the us , european countries would have to work very closely and operate as a single market . 
  only a strong and interconnected union could achieve this . 
  irish/israeli relations have soured quite badly . 
  stealing our passports and killing people with them is n't something we liked . 
  invading the west bank , killing people and stealing their homes reminds us of what the british did to us . 
  i guess we see something of ourselves in the palestinians . 
  neither did poland !, 
  i agree with you . 
  also irish people using the uk 's service as a get around has allowed the people to not tackle the issue . 
  this forces the hand of both the yes and no vote . 
  edit : removed a word to make the sentance make sense . 
  but when was the last time france was great ? 
  they 've been fucked sinced wwi and spent most of the 1800 's lobing each others heads off . 
  ( sort of / s ), 
  too spread out to defend with small numbers . 
  what is national opinion of the rise ? 
  [ no , but we do have one of him being attacked by a large ghoul .
