sam adams was way out there in 1768 with those sort of views ; his views were hardly those of the majority of colonists . 
  ok , thanks . 
  i 've seen people say both , so there appears to be some confusion/differing opinions . 
  will the pro-independence parties proceed even though they do n't have a majority of votes ? 
  i 've seen people saying that cup only supports independence if there 's a majority of votes as well as seats . 
  same with britain and france . 
  suez crisis , anyone ? 
  holy shit . 
  is russia not part of europe ? 
  pretty much . 
  wtf edit - these are amazing . 
  my eyes have been opened and my life has been changed . 
  [ just take a look at the data and you 'll see that east asians and indians are the most successful groups in the us . 
  it 's pretty amazing , tbh . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income ), 
  the different countries might report it differently . 
  i have n't seen any so far , but i 'm not very far down the thread ... 
  i 'm glad to see you 're using the american spelling of civilization , 
  the christianization of europe occurred ( for the most part ) at least 1000 years ago . 
  should you really get mad about it now ? 
  and was n't a fair amount of europe converted either voluntarily or peacefully ? 
  have n't abrahamic faiths been a whole lot of european culture for millennia ? 
  an approximately correct guess !, 
  ( in terms of prisoner numbers , the actual number of prisoners in lower ) . 
  for-profit prisons do n't form a major part of the prison system , and their significance is overblown . 
  that is n't to say that they are n't terrible , and i do think they should be gotten rid of , but they are more a symptom than a cause of the us system 's problems , since they were only created in response to the greatly increased number of prisoners in the 80s . 
  if the us were to relax the number and severity of incarcerations for minor crimes , then that would clear the way for the end of private prisons , imo . 
  how much of the us prison system do you think is for-profit ? 
  the us ought to follow germany 's example on this , that 's for sure . 
  this article gives me hope that someday it will . 
  probably not , although russia does produce other stuff too . 
  i was just trying to provide a counter-example to  that country has never produced anything worthwhile besides weapons . 
  i do n't know , the original comment really sounds like he is dismissing the country as a whole , not just their economy . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  and they do produce a lot of high-tech stuff , just not for international consumption . 
  their space industry is probably the best in the world right now . 
  what does that actually mean ? 
  they do n't produce a lot of consumer goods ? 
  because they sure as hell produce a ton of raw materials . 
  ok , i dislike what putin is doing as much as the next guy , but russia has produced a ton of important works of art and technological innovations . 
  people like tolstoy , solzhenitsyn , dostoevsky , nabakov , stravinsky , and borodin in the arts , and prokhorov , lomonosov , mendeleev , pallas , and pavlov in the sciences . 
  there is no denying the significance of russians in the world of today , and you should n't just blindly dismiss an entire nation . 
  i do n't get what point you 're trying to make . 
  are you saying that because there are dangerous people there , this guy should go there ? 
  the article is referring to conditions at one prison , adx florence . 
  by the way , the list of inmates at florence is really `` who 's who '' of notorious terrorists and criminals . 
  there 's the shoe bomber , the underwear bomber , the guys who did the 1993 world trade center bombing , bin laden 's son-in-law , the surviving boston marathon bomber , the unabomber , the guy who did the 1995 oklahoma city bombing , etc , etc. 
  for 3 weeks , yes . 
  political cartoons are where subtlety goes to die . 
  people do all the time . 
  why bring it up on this post ? 
  there was never a massacre on this scale . 
  the worse ( in terms of numbers ) was wounded knee , with ~ 200 killed by us soldiers . 
  they * can * , and the founding fathers originally intended them to do so , but that is no longer the case . 
  these days electors are chosen by popular vote , and are always voted for with the explicit assurance that they will cast their vote in favor of a particular candidate . 
  tbh , i 'm not sure why they even bother . 
  as you said , it 's really over the top and i have no idea who the intended audience is or what the military is trying to do . 
  everyone who supports the military does n't need a commercial and i very much doubt this commercial would change anyone 's mind if they were neutral or opposed . 
  i guess it 's just for exposure purposes , but even that seems to be pretty pointless . 
  does this really need to be posted here ? 
  it would be much better in / r/politics or / r/news . 
  according to [ this * atlantic * article ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2012/01/war-and-peace-in-30-seconds-how-much-does-the-military-spend-on-ads/252222/ ) from 2012 the advertising budget is ~ 667 million dollars . 
  c'mon , admit it . 
  you 're impressed . 
  the law in question was still very much in force at the time . 
  had lawrence not been charged with violating it , the case never would have made it to the supreme court . 
  it 's amazing to think that lawrence v texas was only 12 years ago . 
  usually reddit seems so far removed from the vagaries of normal life . 
  it seems odd to see a subreddit written on an artillery shell . 
  well , that selection actually contains a counter argument against `` secret courts . '', 
  i was replying to the claim that germany does n't want isds . 
  and what do you mean by `` secret courts ? '', 
  that the proceedings are n't available publicly ? 
  [ germany invented isds , and has 14 different isds provisions in intra-european trade deals . 
  ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ttip-germany-accused-hypocrisy-over-opposition-isds-clause-1473566 ), 
  are local news comment sections not horrendous toxic waste dumps in other countries ? 
  i 've always thought that the absolutely dumbest people congregate on local news sites no matter the language and nationality . 
  i had already said something stupid , though . 
  that quote came too late for me . 
  instead , how about this one :  `` the more stupid one is , the closer one is to reality . 
  the more stupid one is , the clearer one is . 
  stupidity is brief and artless , while intelligence squirms and hides itself . 
  intelligence is unprincipled , but stupidity is honest and straightforward . '', 
  i guess , but would it be better to not say anything and have people think i 'm an idiot ? 
  i was n't being serious , but nobody else managed to realize that . 
  the military bases make us part of europe as well . 
  edit : geez , i guess i needed a / s there . 
  no , i was making a joke that a new embassy in germany would actually make you like the us more . 
  once the new embassy in berlin is finished you 'll change your mind . 
  * one american state contains as much diversity as all of europe . 
  you might want to read [ this article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/book-claims-us-soldiers-raped-190-000-german-women-post-wwii-a-1021298.html ) which explains the leaps of logic she took to come to here figure . 
  source ? 
  everything i see puts the estimates at somewhere under 10,000 , with secret wartime files only having 400 recorded . 
  you 're blaming fdr for suffering of people under the soviets ? 
  how does that make any sense ? 
  why would n't you just blame the * actual people * who caused the suffering - i.e. 
  the soviets ? 
  and besides , what did you want the us to do ? 
  sorry , i meant / r/rightfulrussianclaycube . 
  fancy seeing the world-famous koleye here and not in / r/easterneuropeangeometry .
