  no it 's not . 
  what did the polish radical right ( pis , kukiz , korwin ) did to preserve european unity ? 
  what was their largest pro-eu initiative ? 
  have you heard them quote pope john paul ii that `` europe needs poland and poland needs europe '' ? 
  their only achievement so far has been korwin sieg-heiling in the european parliament . 
   also from what i 've read 60 % were male 20 % female from what i 've read 100 % are shapeshifting aliens from the planet zorgon . 
   poland took thousands of real refugees last yea no it did n't . 
  that 's pretty racist . 
  besides , there are places in africa where if a bunch of men with rifles and cars attack your village and steal your cows that 's not a war - that 's tuesday . 
  a good point . 
  the most of the vocal fanbase of pis is not conservatives - it 's nationalists and reactionaries . 
  the dutch said no . 
  he organizes a huge rock music festival in the summer ( partly as a thank you for the volunteers ) which has been often called unchristian , full of drugs , sex and rock and roll etc. 
  by the church . 
  not really . 
   prevent dominika from doing it , she will tell you `` fuck you '' and she will go somewhere else . 
  she already is somewhere else . 
  and the real companies like kghm really ca n't move much . 
   demand-supply chain . 
  i gave you an example , and you jump with `` dominka has one '' . 
  come on dude , pls . 
  your problem is that you think that if the rich have more money ( through lower taxes & access to low interest loans ) they 'll invest more and create jobs . 
  but the taxes have been lowered since the 80s and the 90s and somehow they do n't invest . 
  the rich do not create jobs . 
  the demand does . 
  the whole capitalist system is built to satisfy the demand . 
  the polish worker ca n't afford the cars he builds for the germans . 
  the rich either put the money into investments that do n't directly lead to much job creation ( stock market , real estate ) or spend on luxury items like foreign travel , foreign cars , yachts , and move to cyprus . 
  quite a lot when there 's no other criterions to fall back on . 
  there 's no citizenship , because there 's no polish state , and there 's no ethnic continuity after 1000 years of mixing . 
   if the rich are nothing but constantly taxed , really ? 
  really ? 
  so you should be tax-exempt because you were born in the right family ? 
  how about appoint korwin our krul and do away with it ? 
   more jobs , more money overall , rich guys have to spend some money for luxury goods , so , someone else can open a factory with luxury yachts , which can employ 100 people for example - etc. 
  this is what 's wrong with the modern world . 
  do you honestly think dominika kulczyk needs a luxury yacht ? 
  she already has one . 
  she puts the money in the bank - and it pays her dividends from our loans . 
   do not go to school , maybe you will win that luck on lottery . 
  you know what 's the biggest lottery ? 
  being born in the right family . 
   you are going to bitch about `` nobody earns average salary in this country ! '', 
  and you are going to cry about everything in general and vote for pis , because pis will give money to you . 
  in fact , yes , if the neoliberals wo n't care about me , why i would care about them ? 
   to earn good money , you need to study , that 's probably the biggest lie that 's being peddled right now . 
   currently people from old colonies comes to europe and i dont think they are atheist . 
  they 've been coming to europe for 80 years now . 
  before you start spreading your weird religious beliefs you should learn about french history ? 
  have you ever heard of harkis ? 
  they fought for france , why are they not french ? 
  france has been atheist for almost 250 years now . 
  no one says `` they '' . 
  what pis does to the environment is not significantly worse than what po or sld did . 
  the smog epidemic in poland was not caused by the pis . 
  neither it was caused by the `` poors burning rubber '' like the fashionable liberals say . 
  cars - in particular old cars - are the chief source of emissions . 
  and why do peoples have cars in poland ? 
  in part it 's a mentality issues ( `` bikes and buses are for the poors '' ) , but it was also caused by the po mentality who eliminated public transportation options - closing down bus lanes so that people from small villages have to buy a lemon just to commute a couple of hours to the city to work . 
   if people dont believe they wont be ready to die for their country , family . 
  that is blatantly wrong . 
  there is no god , but there are still cases worth fighting for . 
  my point still stands . 
  sooner or later even po / . n coalition would fall apart , and an anti-pis coalition is the best way for pis to retain the power ( not to mention that would effectively introduce two-party system in poland ) . 
   if you want that population will cheat , steal and had 0 morality just tell them that god does not exist . 
  pretty sure that it 's idiotic . 
  god is not the source of morality . 
   if there is no god you need to create new one . 
  what ? 
   destroys the environment hold on buddy . 
  where were you where the great pro-europeans from po and sld constantly degraded polish environment . 
   anti-pis coallition day 1 : yaaay , we won , never again we will have evil pis . 
  day 2 : okay , so let 's get rid of that eeevil 500 + ... what do you mean , you want to keep it !, 
  communism !, 
  day 3 : coalition falls apart . 
  day 4 : pis wins forever . 
   and pis had balls to call him out , their numbers will keep being high . 
  after two years . 
    and pis says they dont want to have anything to do with him . 
  i mean it 's not like he was a catholic member of the party for years or that he , i do n't know hijacked a vehicle while drunk ... oh he did ? 
  the party knew about all this for at least 2 years ? 
  and nominated him to be the human rights watchdog even ? 
  huh . 
  interesting . 
   convince those old church-going folk to vote for you . 
  actually the biggest ise in support right-wing has is between the 18-25 year olds . 
  it 's not the grandma you should fear , it 's the bald beefy guy with the jew-killing `` patriots '' on his t-shirt . 
  they 're going to stay . 
  yeah we do , namely all the other ones except razem . 
  yes , and the libertarians from po allowed the private sector to cut wages . 
  the work inspection is a joke . 
  perhaps the numbers on paper have improved , but not the living conditions in the countryside . 
  1000 years of constant fight to fight europeans and become european . 
  i 'd say screw europe . 
  curing cancer by killing the patient , you mean . 
  lets vote for the pretty people only from now on . 
  if we ca n't trust him to respect poland , how can i trust him to respect europe ? 
  tusk ( and the entire neoliberal post-1989 establishment ) has led the policy of cheap workforce that has hurt the polish industry , education . 
  for the past 30 years the rule was simply that `` poles have to earn less '' . 
  good for you .
