  if you want to kill polish people , admit it , do n't hide it . 
  remove gypsy wheel, 
  sure . 
  and hitler was also a vegetarian . 
  that 's fascinating , even that you had called razem nsdap before i did . 
  of course , i 'm a nationalist . 
  there is only one issue that concerns me , and it 's the well-being of poland and polish people . 
  that 's why i am a democratic socialist - because i believe that the democratic countries with the strongly developed welfare state are leading the charts of the quality of life world-wide . 
  that 's why i work for the polish state , that 's why i pay my taxes , that 's why i work as a voluntary worker . 
  because i 'm a polish patriot . 
  and you are not , you 're just another teenaged traitor willing to ditch this country and go to germany to wash dishes . 
  i do n't care about trolling - if you praise hitler , you are a nazi , it 's that simple . 
  in your neo-nazi posts on r/polska, 
  you have praised `` bury '' who killed people because they were belarussians , but you seem to love germans who killed people because they were polish . 
  the whole ukrainian nation seems to support the right-wing nationalists . 
  why should we engage in the dialogue we 're going to lose ? 
   i do n't know what it would mean to lock out air ducts , and a quick google did n't turn up anything obvious . 
  i 'm sorry , not an expert on this - but basically the post-89 developers closed the natural wind routes that ventilated the city . 
  the city needed some open spaces , but with the end of communism they were allowed to build on them . 
  yes they are - po is still ruling warsaw . 
  that 's good , actually . 
  there are actually a couple of underlying causes which should actually be immediately considered by both the local and national government . 
  yes , the traffic and the industry are to blame , but so is the poverty and people using often antiquated stoves to burn wood and trash . 
  so is the lack of oversight of the industry . 
  heck , warsaw 's urban planning is disastrous since it locked out the air ducts in the city ( thanks , po/sld and your urban developer friends ) . 
  the government is to blame because the government is guilty , at least the previous ones . 
  and the current national government once again , not only does nothing but encourages cutting the trees down . 
  that 's true . 
  but i expect either `` dobra zmiana '' from the ministers szyszko or radziwi\u0142\u0142 or the `` oh-so-european '' stance from the president gronkiewicz waltz who now has the sole fucking chance to redeem herself . 
  yeah , no . 
  ukrainians have long searched for their national identity - they had many options , some of which does not involve the genocide of their polish neighbors . 
  regardless of what i think of russia and ukraine i can not in good will support a nation that glorifies killing polish people and supports ss . 
  and yet , u/dukenpl ( who has on multiple occasion spoke about german racial superiority ) does call them heroes . 
  warsaw is now the city with the worst air in the world - above beijing or delhi . 
  what 's the government response ? 
  both po and pis pretend there 's no problem , blame each other . 
  pis continues to cut down trees and blames the cigarette smokers ; po blames the poor . 
  i 'd say that there 's a wide span of opinion between being called `` stalinists '' , nazis , communists , or `` starbucks marxists '' and `` not a hagiography '' . 
  you ca n't call actual neo-nazis itt nazis , yet they seem to be perfectly content calling razem nsdap . 
  * i 'm not a hipster , ( subculture wise my bands are the pogues , dropkick murphys and elektryczne gitary , make of that what you will ) . 
  * never been to starbucks * i 'm not a marxist as such ( not a heglist , for one ) * i 'd never wear a che guevara t-shirt i 've joined razem as soon as i could , distributed leaflets , cleaned the jewish cementary , participated in protests and conferences . 
  no , they just stay in biedronkas . 
  ( actually , biedronka is pretty solid , the real scum are carrefour and auchan ) . 
  he 's on the national board , he was voted in fair election , i do not understand what do you mean by `` the equalest '' . 
  razem does not have leaders . 
    how do you plan to appeal to an electorate which is both socially and economically conservative ? 
  it 's hard to define `` economically conservative '' in poland , which has moved practically overnight from state-ran monopoly ( not exactly true ) to a neoliberal system . 
  and you know that from ... 
  it does n't change the fact that in 1944 i 'd prefer seeing russians than germans . 
  of course they did n't help us modernize , they will never pay us back for what stalin looted from poland . 
  but still , as tusk said `` they did n't give us freedom because they did n't have it themselves '' . 
  yeah ... a guy attacks me and robs me while i happen to hold a very large sharp knife on account of working in a kitchen . 
  but sure , it was because god talks to me . 
  nope , sorry , i 'm gon na be a big mean ** `` polish vermin '' ** and downvote her . 
   the us state dept showed up in kiev and assisted * in mediation * during the euromaidan . 
  ftfy, 
  i hate the western tourists . 
  if not for the eu i 'd vote to have you lot banned from my country for what you 've did to poland during the wwii . 
   fringe groups , such as onr , they 're not fringe groups anymore . 
  they 're supported by the church and the governing party . 
   can i get a citation on this ? 
  it 's my understanding that the majority of europe ( excluding russia ) had indoor plumbing by ' 36 . 
  my grandma 's house only got indoor plumbing after 1989 . 
  i took chwilowkas to pay the rent . 
  i had to move back to my parents and i still have n't paid them back but now i have a job contract . 
   if they try to hurt the people , they 'll loose immediately . 
  at this point they enjoy 35 % support . 
  do you think this will evaporate overnight ? 
  do you think that tvp and radio maryja will say that they are going to shoot protesters or traitors of the nation ? 
  i do n't have a young child , but i had to live on 800 zlotys for a month sometimes . 
   how much more you got in return how much more ? 
  for fuck 's sake do you think new highways matter much for me ? 
  i ca n't afford a car . 
  do you think i can benefit for freedom of movement ? 
  i had to borrow money to go to a job interview in warsaw . 
  do you think i can benefit from erasmus ? 
  i barely scraped enough money for an extramural evening course . 
  who benefitted from the eu ? 
  only the elites did . 
  ones who can afford cars , education and private healthcare for their children . 
   the supreme court shows what you know . 
   but how did i rejected democracy in any way ? 
  government did . 
  people who voted are n't stupid , they knew who kaczynski and macierewicz were . 
  they knew their stance on po and eu , on abortion and on media . 
  and they voted so that pis could do these things . 
  the average wage does n't mean shit . 
  the median and dominant wages are more relevant . 
  my aunt used to earn 1200 netto as a polish teacher 10 years ago , i earn 1600 netto as an esl teacher and that 's not including the inflation of basic consumer goods . 
  and that 's why they chose an illiberal elite . 
  he is anti-european . 
  he is not anit-eu . 
   right winger flood the country with immigrants was adenauer a leftist ? 
  was degaulle ? 
  precisely . 
  as long as the liberals will complain about `` using other people 's money '' , to help the polish nation , pis will govern . 
  was the speaker of the sejm on it too ? 
   instead of `` protesting '' they should figure out how to get more votes for their side next time . 
  they got more votes for their side . 
  po , nowoczesna , and psl together got more votes than pis did .
