  so maybe we should actually start doing it , rather than pat ourselves on the back for 27 years ? 
   people who collaborated with germans already were in massive trouble ( often leading to their death , rape , severe multiple beatings etc. ), 
  you spelled `` jews '' wrong . 
   something people may not actively think of is how much germany payed for its aggression . 
  i doubt a german nation state would survive another war . 
  which is why germany is now the richest and most powerful country in europe and poland is third poorest . 
   germany is viewed as an example of hard work order and economic success . 
  americans fed them dollars for 50 years , russians fed us with marx and lenin , where 's the hard work ? 
   anti-polish-left what ? 
  i do n't support the violence , but the language in warsaw is polish and fairly recently germans were killing people just because they did n't speak german ( and even today forbid parents to speak polish to their children ) . 
  this should go both ways . 
    i would probably understand it in 1950 's , 60 's , 70 's . 
  but not today . 
  because what ? 
  the atrocities of germans on polish soil should be forgiven or forgotten ? 
   but what i can see of young poles from other regions , especially poorer ones , they still despise germans thinking about ww2 what happened 70 years ago . 
  what i think is `` damn , move on '' . 
   maybe we will move on when germans will stop telling us what to do and threaten us with force ? 
  as an mp , he has no function in the government . 
   kaczynski does not represent me and millions of other polish people , he represents 30 % of people who actually voted . 
  poland is much more than kaczy\u0144ski . 
  if you do n't bother to vote against a racist populist , you deserve racist populists . 
   nuclear suffers from severe nimby-ism . 
   unmarried people without kids ? 
   experiment it was not an experiment , they 'd try it out on rats first . 
  except that the vast majority of poles work below average wage , with as many as 20 % not even having a proper job contract . 
  i ca n't recall the first one , the second one was in polish interview , the third one is well documented . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm being imprecise . 
   eskimos do n't have a history of persecution yeah they actually do . 
  canada is pretty much only slightly less horrible against their natives than americans are . 
  since the inuit generally live in less attractive territories the settlement has been limited up to wwii . 
  only in 1950s inuit have gained the right to vote , they were sometimes forcibly christianized . 
  they have had a bright idea to give the inuit jobs - forcing them to accept a sedentary lifestyle , which surprise surprise did n't fit their way of life . 
  result : poor health , high crime rate . 
  this is the reason why nwt used to have the highest prison rate in canada . 
  the only reason canadians are seen as polite and decent is because they live right next to collosal jerks . 
   and what do poles think of it ? 
  something which is frequently memorialized ? 
   do n't know about all poles but recently my town has celebrated the second largest uprising in the ghetto , one of the few revolts of the jews against the germans . 
  there were many ceremonies , and me and my friends from my political party worked to renovate the jewish cementary , i also helped the local jewish community in many other cases . 
  jesus , for ages the western movies have been bombarding the rest of the world with your stereotypes regarding black people and middle-easterners , why do you now act surprised when easterners actually act on them ? 
  and tubular racism, 
   attempt to colonise another country the evil polish master plan , surely described in the protocols of elders of krakow . 
  the reason poles migrate is because poland is shit . 
  the reason poland is shit is wwii and the 50 years of communism . 
  and yes , great britain is partially guilty of that , waiting for hitler to conquer poland so that he would face stalin 's soviet union . 
  how much contact with these people had they before ? 
  sure , because the leader of ukip never said that polish people are not fit to live in civilized society , or that polish people are just fit to be menial labourers like plumbers or fruit pickers , or that the newly elected president of the european council is `` just another migrant '' . 
  this is how it starts , first calling the others `` vermin '' , then occasional attacks and finally a full-blown pogrom . 
   commemorating with soldier bears and patriotic underwear ? 
  today i 've seen a young man in a patriotic shirt . 
  he had the words `` great catholic poland '' tucked in his pants , dangerously close to his ass . 
  that 's not commemorating in my book . 
  beats me how did they handle this , i 'm only 30 years old . 
  in 1999 i was more interested in heroes of might and magic 3 than in kwasniewski . 
   take that up with the russians . 
  when we do we 're labeled russophobes , and germany is suddenly russia 's best friend ... ( nordstream ), 
  neither countries are piles of rubble , but poland is still lightyears behind germany . 
   stalin killed more people than hitler . 
  pretty sure he had more time and more capabilities . 
  so why do axis states like romania and hungary receive them ? 
  oh please . 
  ever since the post-solidarity parties ( pis/po ) are in power this has been nothing but a joyous party . 
  festivals of warsaw uprising ( which has destroyed our entire capital , losses were greater than of entire france ) , wartime song festivals , t-shirts with logos of the underground state , monuments to the `` glorious victories '' , heavy metal songs , stories about some retarded bears serving in the army ... 
  it 's been a massive celebration , a fest of cuteness that is meant to make young people forget what hell war can be . 
  remember , these are the supporters of the current nationalist government , the ones who shouted `` donald you idiot , football fans will overthrow you '' , and kaczynski in turn applauded them . 
   it will probably be spent on vodka or other meaningless things . 
  hahaha . 
  no , that 's pro-family investment , that has nothing to do with ownership of the means of production . 
  what is a socialist for you ? 
  this proves that poland 's statistics rise - this does n't tell you anything about eu . 
   the eu is obviously faaailing . 
   what does it have to do with eu ? 
  did comecon work ? 
   insufficient emphasis on individualism and inability to work as a team wait what, 
   our highways are of superb quality compared to those in most of europe , most likely in the world , too . 
  have you seen all the highways in the world ? 
   actually most of them are . 
  drive one of them and count construction machines you encounter , i guarantee that you 'll meet at least twenty in two hours . 
  they 're a botched chinese job , and need to be constantly maintained ( and are as efficient as they used to be ) . 
  same . 
  germany rebuilding : wirtschaftswunder , germans are great , hardest workers in europe !, 
  poland rebuilding : eu grants , nato aid , you would n't achieved anything without the west, 
   one example ukraine , georgia , transnistria , nagorno-karabakh ... 
  spending someone else 's money is about the only thing po did right . 
  but if a country is funded from foreign aid , it only means it 's a failed state ... 
  they 're not completed , it was a rushed vanity project from euro 2012, 
   it 's the political opponents in poland who dislike it . 
  most of the opposition parties either want to give more ( 500 or more for every child ) or always offered a different pool of social benefits ( razem ) . 
  that enrages me to no end , the previous government spammed poland with lies about improvement and development and kilometers of highways built . 
  the new government ousted them as liars and thieves ... and does exactly the same . 
  that does n't change the fact that nigel 's won . 
  the majority voted for nigel farage who somehow ca n't see eastern europeans as equals . 
  then why did the `` polish vermin '' crowd win ? 
   extreme right and extreme left yeah because stalinism was so left . 
  to defend the european rulers against the european people . 
  no thanks . 
   good geographic position ... really . 
   they did next to nothing in terms of history-politics mostly because they did n't try to rewrite history like pis does . 
   legal measures instead of singular , in-efficient protests .
