  no , but the catholic church has long-standing tradition of going hand in hand with ultranationalists , from backing antisemitic pogroms before wwii , to recently inviting onr to main cathedrals . 
   nobody in russia knows that ( and nobody even think about romania , to be honest ) well obviously . 
  if your kid has no place in kindergarden , you need to wait seven months for a doctor , there 's no work in the country for you , do you think of romanian occupation and the inefficient system they introduced in russia ? 
   there was a big ass mosque open in warsaw a year ago , there are dozens of various protestant churches in poland . 
  people also burned a jew in effigy in wroc\u0142aw and set fire to a mosque in bia\u0142ystok . 
  so i would n't be too happy here . 
  well , are you suggesting pis would open fire on them ? 
  i see it more defensively . 
  for centuries the germanics tried to invade , enslave ( hence the word ` slave ' ) , and finally eradicate slavs , with other western powers ( most recently usa ) playing their games in eastern europe . 
  i believe there should be an anti-german , perhaps even anti-western alliance of slavic nations , not necessarily involving russia but being an equal partner with them . 
  of course i realize that odds of this happening is 0 % . 
   cartoonish oppression and mismanagement of the soviet union have you even been to russia ? 
   i think we should try to all identify as european and highlight the similarities between us all , because there are a lot of them why as european and not as slavic ? 
  what 's wrong with slavs ? 
  what makes you think that they do ? 
  let me start again when making an argument , we have basically what 's called a premise and a conclusion . 
  a premise is an assumption that something is true . 
  if the conclusion can be logically derived from the premise , then the argument is true . 
  however , it does not necessarily work the opposite way . 
  the sentence `` susan is able to give birth , therefore she is a woman '' is not the same as `` susan is a woman therefore she is able to give birth '' . 
  you seem to be confusing the premise with conclusion . 
  ... you really are an idiot , ai n't you . 
  but let me reiterate for someone who ca n't spell ` you are ' : 1 . 
  not everyone who wants to leave the eu is a xenophobe . 
  there are people who are xenophobes . 
  these people tend to be against open borders and eu . 
  xenophobes want to leave the eu , but not everyone who wants to eu is a xenophobe . 
  do you understand now ? 
   please explain to me why wanting to leave the eu is xenophobic it ; s not , but xenophobes want to leave the eu . 
   no , it is n't . 
  that 's just completely and utterly wrong . 
   then why can eu courts attempt to overturn the democratically elected government of my country ? 
  of course they burned them alive , in synagogues or during warsaw ghetto uprising . 
  who am i hating ? 
  but suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure germany is not invading eastern europe . 
  oh , okay so poland is just another failed state propped up by western money ? 
   with that said , no , i do n't agree with you . 
  so you think that because poland is a failed state propped by eu grants we are somehow better ? 
  there 's more to patriotism than money . 
  so you want poland to leave eu ? 
  at least we agree on something . 
   one mass in one parish does n't speak for the whole church you know who controls the cathedral ? 
  the bishops . 
  the same bishops who hunt for jews in the ranks of the church or praise the nsz, 
  this makes me physically sick . 
  some countries are just better than the others in eu , but when others step outside the line are immediately to be sanctioned . 
  there are europeans of the better sort , and poor eastern scum , just like hitler wanted . 
  i meant the polish parliament . 
   there 's no reason for a government entirely without a left-wing presence to be tolerated in a progressive , united europe . 
  ... for the past 8 years germany did n't mind a government without a left-wing presence . 
   they had like one onr ( far right organisation ) sympathizer and banned him from speaking asap . 
  they openly support onr and invite them to cathedrals . 
   it was designed this way by regime of general jaruzelski in early 80 's during martial law no , it was introduced in 1985 as part of perestroika in poland . 
  these changes introduced also tribunal of state and polish ombudsman ( rzecznik praw obywatelskich ) . 
  also :  during martial law to retain power in case pro-democratic opposition would win how deluded would you have to be to think that `` solidarity '' would win during the martial law ? 
  pfff , like this is going to change anything . 
  * kaczynski will do whatever he wants because he has no restraints other than these imposed by catholic church . 
  he might be an intelligent man , but he is effectively a dictator of poland now , as he always wanted . 
  i suspect that since the death of his brother he makes irrational , personal decisions . 
  * the polish church is in bed with onr and other neo-nazi organizations , if anything they 'll push only further to the right . 
  * constitutional tribunal disbands by the end of this year , their only hope is that pis falls apart or loses parliamentary majority . 
  * this is n't going to happen , any disloyal pissers left already , and if anyone leaves pis , they can simply form a coalition with kukiz . 
  kod can protest whatever they want , without actual civil disobedience they 're impotent , and it 's evident that whatever kod started as , now it 's simply a movement to support po / . n coalition . 
  * nationalists are going to veto any sanctions against each other , with possible concessions to each other in ee , until brexit and/or victory of nationalists in the west . 
  then the eu can be reformed , effectively dismantled in its present form . 
  * poland will have a debt to hungary . 
  i do n't believe that poland was a ` nascent power ' ( the real power in the region was always germany ) , but the significance of poland in the region will decrease and hungary 's rise . 
  v4 might experience a pro-russian turn regardless of kaczynski 's stance on russia . 
  poland 's relations with nato depend on who wins the american elections , kaczynski is explicitly pro-trump , but it 's unclear that american isolationism will make nato withdraw from eu . 
  because ? 
   so nice try fudging the issue , again . 
  all of you eastern europeans in the eu , all 10 nations of you , here 's a guy who hates your guts and want to see you kicked out of the eu . 
  and he calls himself a federalist . 
  give me a break . 
  and the problem with that is ? 
  eu/eec functioned for years without eastern europe . 
  eastern europe can survive without eu . 
  fair enough . 
  could you give me a quote where tusk endorses federal europe ? 
   imitation stalinist wow, 
   last remaining small patch of primitive forest only it 's a huge swath of forest and a lot of it is completely fine in belarus . 
  except it 's not , because it also has been infected with the woodworm and belarussian government does nothing . 
   there 'd be something sad if we let tigers go extinct . 
  go and tell it to the hungry tiger . 
   the difference is that nobody takes it sertiously , it 's always some slogan or a chant on a protest or such ocasion when the de facto leader of the country says so publicly it 's not serious ? 
   supreme court gets politicized by the former governmen democracy does n't mean that there are two political bodies and third one is apolitical . 
  it means that there are three politicized bodies which work out compromises and keep each other in check . 
  look at what / u/o5kar is writing to see the mentality of typical ~ ~ slaver ~ ~ neocon . 
   last terrorist attack in poland was in the 30s . 
  just before kaczynski was going to run for the mayor of warsaw there were two mock bombs found in the metro . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  for the past ages you americans have been calling poland a shithole , polish people idiots , and accusing us of cooperation with nazis . 
  you reap what you sow . 
   i think you underestimate the will to maintain the status quo in the general public . 
  perhaps it 's kind of ... stockholm syndrome ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ), 
  what new poland ? 
  there 's really no such thing as ` longest word ' , since you can stack prefixes and suffixes on any word . 
   i thought the member states are all equal ? 
  who told you that ? 
   now i see why you refuse to acknowledge poland growth , law and justice supporter , do n't assume your side is 100 % correct and all information that opposes your views is propaganda .
