  they are also inefficient legal measures . 
  5 % have already left . 
  amen to that , you can be either european or polish . 
  pick one and stick with it . 
  and they did , very famously opposing obama for instance . 
   the answer is `` on both sides '' , in case somebody does n't know . 
   there was no border , just like there was no poland . 
  and in new york streets are paved with gold !, 
  go there before it 's too late !, 
   antisemitism was on the rise in poland even before the arrival of germans . 
   yes . 
  was it genocidal ? 
  was it planned national execution and nation-wide robbery ? 
  was it endorsed by the government ? 
   you might say they had no choice but it was a trade of like `` better them then me '' , understandable from a personal point of view but in no manner this should be used to downplay their role in it . 
  it was not exactly `` better them than me '' . 
  it was `` them or me , my family and perhaps even my town and coworkers '' . 
  you are talking not about an occupied nation - you 're talking about a destroyed nation whose inhabitants were n't considered human . 
   they are massive idiots , but they should n't be jailed for their idiocy , you 're assuming that this is stupidity . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's propaganda . 
  it has clear aim , to dehumanize the enemy , to falsify history , to equate the criminals with their victims and to demand compensation for commited crimes . 
  many germans ca n't accept that their country was the worst butcher in history , and quite a lot ca n't even accept that there is such a thing as a free polish state . 
  with the kaczynski 's government being quite blatantly anti-european , and v4 being unreliable belarus is their only available option . 
  it 's debatable whether they lost as well , esp . 
  a certain kgb colonel . 
   the communists lost . 
  they have n't , they rebranded themselves as oligarchs and `` socialists '' ( thus ruining the polish left for 27 years ) . 
  a gift that was unnecessary in a destroyed city and a gift no one asked for . 
  why are you believing stalinist propaganda ? 
  it was n't intended to intimidate entire country ( that is what the citadel was for ) . 
  this is it , the end of eu . 
  all it takes is 2 % margin of votes , and suddenly uk is all `` polish vermin '' , and ready to sell eastern europe again . 
  i guess our western `` allies '' do n't really change ... 
   i personally love that building , it has awful history but today it is insanely important to keep the spirit of warsaw alive . 
  it 's a symbol of stalin , of a domination of soviet might over poland , for 30 years it 's been there to remind who really rules this country . 
  it should have been dynamited in the 90s . 
   the kind of old architecture that warsaw had is quite rare , not in europe , but in the rest of the world . 
  and even in europe , most cities can not match the old town centers of a vienna , budapest , paris or prague . 
   yeah because these cities have been spared unlike warsaw . 
  it was , in the wider sense , a foolish idea ; but when you have to and want to fight for poland , you will fight for poland . 
  vladimir putin : ... and not a day more . 
  nothing more infuriating for a pole to be called a jew . 
  when you say polish , you see white catholic , when i say polish i see protestants like miko\u0142aj rej , j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski or adam ma\u0142ysz , jews like julian tuwim , irena szewi\u0144ska or saul wahl , orthodox like adam kisiel or icon painters from what 's now bieszczady . 
  you do n't know anything about poland and our history , and yet you think you have a right to determine who 's polish and who 's not . 
   where polish nobles were always more important than lithuanian ones , especially sobieski , radziwi\u0142\u0142 or wisniowiecki . 
   where poles were openly against jews or ukrainians and dont recognized them as equal ... not really ? 
  julian tuwim , kornel makuszy\u0144ski , wasyl mudry ...  now most of our countryman are against immigration . 
  then why do they migrate to uk ? 
  yes , i 'm talking not only about what 's now lithuania but about the duchy of gediminas . 
  yes , and as i said , they affected the lithianian culture as well . 
  90 % of grand duchy was orthodox , and without ruthenians the great duchy would not exist . 
  kievan monasteries still were cultural centres . 
  still , lithuanian national identity changed ever since there was a lithuania, 
    and perhaps the wool has drowned out the rising chorus of execration when issues such as immigration and multiculturalism are argued against ? 
  who is even talking about immigration and multiculturalism ? 
  i do n't know about you , but multiculturalism has always been a part of polish national identity . 
  actually it 's far older . 
  for instance , if gediminas have n't absorbed what is now belarus into his duchy , he could have allied with the teutonic knights and receive a catholic baptism . 
  but now the majority of his subjects were orthodox , and this road to alliance became closed . 
   where the situation is very different from the western states , yes , where national identity was being actively supressed for hundreds of years by genocide , institutionalized oppression and racism . 
   gave six separate examples which attest no , you just named a couple of countries , many of which are the largest culture exporters in the world and indeed some have proven their national identity and consistently have strong nationalist presence in elections . 
  once again , you have proved that you have n't the slightest idea what are you talking about . 
   active campaigns against nationalist movements in europe you do know that actually nationalists are winning elections and referendums ? 
   outright discrimination against anyone displaying any sort of tendency towards national pride mhmmmm, 
  i gave you a counterexample , thus proving you wrong , you demand more examples , and you dare to accuse me that i have head buried in the sand . 
  sarcasm is wasted on idiots . 
  indeed . 
  for instance lithuania managed to struggle for its national identity for about 800 years , but the 12 years in the european union eroded it completely . 
  this fucking bear grinds my gears . 
  there were actual human beings shot because they fought in the wrong polish army in poland , or polish soldiers in london who were n't allowed to return home nor march in the victory parade , yet everyone just talks about the bear . 
   he 's pope , so he needs to bleeding heart good samaritan , he 's a christian . 
   a minority of racist lower class scumbags took the opportunity to commit hate crimes against immigrants but that is not the overwhelming feeling of the british people  the majority of british people gave this minority a democratic legitimacy though . 
  http://www.edulandia.pl/edulandia/1,128279,10899940,wyzsze_wyksztalcenie_ma_17_5_proc__polakow.html and around 70 % have secondary education , which is fairly good . 
   because there is not enough programmers , engineers , professors to outvote working class that 's rubbish . 
  about 50 % of the poles below 30 have a university degree . 
   why there have been quite a few overambitious politicians in poland or why media focus on only one of them ? 
  they do n't ? 
  i wonder why . 
   retelling of sawicka 's version of the story . 
  nice . 
   it is possible for someone from outside pis to tell the truth . 
  i do n't really think it 's cause and effect . 
  i 've been a medical representative . 
  the most popular under-the-counter medicine in virtually any small town pharmacy ? 
  the day after pill . 
  this is not religious pressure but actual ban except in life-threatening situation , which might soon turn into a total ban . 
  yes . 
  so that you know , the poorer could afford abortion , child care or have more stability , or that young women could afford to have children . 
  there 's no brick wall between economic and social leftism , it all ties together . 
   you can argue nowoczesna tries to take socially leftist positions . 
  and that 's why they opposed minimal wage . 
  zandberg is not our leader , i personally would n't join a party with a single leader type and listen to pan prezes . 
  fun fact : gazeta polska and wpolityce are owned by the infamous sp\u00f3\u0142ka srebrna , basically an economic extension of pis ( senator bierecki of skok fame , for instance ) . 
  if you know warsaw , go and find hotel sobieski - on your left there 's a massive building in the center of warsaw - owned by pis , funding this party and its media . 
  which is why pis will never leave polish politics . 
    polish political scene is divided in two parts for about 10 years : pis and anti-pis . 
  nope . 
  world does not revolve around pis , sadly . 
   most of polish commercial media is owned by german companies and are independent .
