  fun fact , slaves do n't get paid . 
  ... how was tvp leftist . 
  and if it was brainwashing people , how come pis has won the elections ? 
  yet it was not pis but po who disposed of their political opponents with guns and night time raids . 
  how on earth are they post-communist and pis is n't ? 
   im not seeing these anti-democratic actions that would require any sort of eu intervention well , i am - mostly related to how voting is organised ( at 4 am ) or how the government approaches the constitutional tribunal . 
  are you crazy ? 
  the rich got richer thanks to foreign capital , but the median wages barely rose . 
  add ot this the disastrous situation in health or transport - you might think that poland improved but for ordinary people very little has changed . 
   you want german economy < polish economy ? 
  excusez-moi , but that is close to impossible in europe . 
  i actually want weight of polish vote in eu = german vote in eu , but that apparently is impossible as well . 
   both fine . 
  me and my neighbor build cars together - that is , i weld them , and he sells them , earnign ten times as much money . 
  sure , i have a job , and we 're both fine , but only he can afford to buy one of the cars i make . 
  the thing is , i have to call that guy my friend now . 
  pc/pis has always opposed eu unification . 
  they might leave some day . 
   germans who obviously want to split poland up again since that worked out so well last time !, 
  but it did . 
  strong germany has always meant weak poland , in tenth century , in fifteenth century , under bismarck , hitler or merkel . 
  in general , a blog ran by a paranoid failed economist calling himself after a schizophrenic delusion is not a good source for serious news . 
  zero hedge ? 
  really ? 
  and yet they act to this day as if we were the `` cause '' . 
  i 'm not saying that . 
  he 's only one of these useful idiots who really think that the world revolves around the west . 
  ... do you even have children ... 
   the streak of authoritarianism runs high in their culture . 
  if the migrant crisis was really so bad for them all they need to do is leave the eu and reinstate the iron curtain . 
   you do realise that communism was imposed on us , thanks in part to you hero churchill ? 
  let 's assume that i agree , but what does it have to do with communism ? 
   eastern europe was a communist problem in the 20th century and it is a fascist problem in the 21st century . 
   ... how on earth ? 
  poland has low voter turnout . 
  in the recent referendum on one of the most important issues in democracy - the voting system - the turnout was merely 7.8 % , the lowest in entire europe after 1945 . 
  this means that 92 % of poles do n't want to vote ; they 're not interested on how their representation is chosen . 
  in the recent election about 35 % voted for pis - but with over 50 % of voters not interested in who will govern , people who do n't want liberal , western-styled democracy formed a majority of sorts . 
  despite numerous allegations that this party somehow `` cheated '' , hiding their leaders behind newcomers , pis voters knew who they were choosing - the leadership of the party remained unchanged , and they have spent the better part of the past quarter of century demonstrating their stance . 
  polish people wanted the change , not approving of the corrupt and increasingly more detached from the voters civic platform . 
  they got what they wanted . 
  the new government , despite the panicked shouts of the foreign press , is still representing the will of the people , doing exactly what they have announced for their past eight years , and what the voters wanted : restoring order in the media , preparing to undertake major systemic changes , running more assertive foreign policy . 
  if there 's a problem , it 's not with polish government . 
  it 's with the entire poland . 
  poland is not a liberal western country , it was quite good in pretending it is , much like greece manipulated the economical data . 
   the previous government proved that they are communists and should never be elected again . 
  what means of production did they nationalise ? 
  in fact , i recall them doing quite the opposite . 
   conservatives are passing these reforms not because they want to have authoritharian government but because they are really stupid . 
  the thing is they were ousted before in two years . 
  this time , they have a plan . 
  polish government is literally hitler . 
   and it 's the fist government that is not led by ex-communists you might find yourself quite surprised . 
    in poland we used to locate ourselves in central europe , but if foreigners call us eastern europe , so be it . 
  poland is culturally and politically eastern , as proven by the recent elections . 
  closer to moscow and budapest than to paris or london . 
  these are n't poland and hungary ties , had it been so , the hungarian pm would meet with the president or our pm - instead he just met a simple mp . 
   and elected five new judges prematurely . 
  they elected two judges and this , too , was deemed unconstitutional . 
  pis simply disregarded the constitutional tribunal and issued a reform law . 
  that shows that the new government does not respect the constitution . 
  and yet , you say it in english on an american portal . 
  can you paraphrase his speech ? 
  so if i 'm a vegetarian atheist cyclist i 'm not polish ? 
  i 've always thought that tolerance and love of nature were traditional polish values as well . 
   law is just a couple words put on paper . 
  this is what pis supporters actually believe . 
   do you really think that cyclists or vegetarians are persecuted in poland ? 
  like really really ? 
  what is your iq ? 
  nobody cares about cyclists or vegetarians . 
   that 's not what he said - he said that the marxism which rules in europe creates the world for cyclists and vegetarians . 
   can reproduce gay people ca n't reproduce , they kidnap babies and make matzoh out of them . 
  it 's homophobic because you divide people into two groups : `` better '' people can marry a person they love , `` worse '' ca n't . 
  i usually despise `` new polish government = literally hitler '' rhetorics i see around here , but this gentleman actually described `` mixing of cultures and ** races ** '' as having nothing in common with traditional polish values . 
  and i thought sikorski was the worst representation of poland ... oh well . 
   i mean , it is quite interesting to me to see a national government go against the prescribed orthodoxy of the day and do something different , whether you agree with it or not . 
  the irony is that he describes the previous government - which , from mine perspective as a cyclist and a leftist , was exactly as bad as his own was and will be ... 
  and tvp just ignored that , right ? 
  das hat mit traditionellen , polnischen werten nichts mehr zu tun . `` `` that was the leftist politics of the previous government . 
  that the world must , accordingly to marxist outlook , move only in one direction - approve the mixing of races and cultures , a world of vegetarians and cyclists , these who focus only in new kinds of energy and want to fight all religion . 
  this has nothing to do with traditional polish values . '', 
  why do you lie ? 
  polish economy is still praised in the article . 
  and racist attacks were evident during euro 2012 , and a jew was burned in effigy in wroc\u0142aw even before the elections . 
   one time we found a trail of a huge scandal with left-wing government . 
  left-wing government ?!!, 
  in poland ? 
   protectionist left on economics . 
  right-wing ! = laissez-faire, 
  i 'm sorry i do n't understand . 
  do you think urban is the propagandist for pis who are communists ? 
  if so , you should stop writing since the disease might spread . 
  probably . 
  with kukiz15 and some rejects from po they might even have enough support to introduce fptp system . 
   please do not use key-words such as ` democracy ' , ` illiberal ' etc. 
  please give facts and try do judge them . 
  either there is a democracy or there is n't . 
  this is not a catchphrase but a simple assessment of the facts . 
  `` illiberal democracy '' is what we have in russia and hungary - external trappings of democracy are there , but the ruling party ca n't be removed .
