  then why did you use this analogy ? 
  my grandfather once got a letter saying that he had tatar ancestors , this makes me muslim minority in poland , ca n't say i 've been mistreated . 
   i 'm so glad i do n't have tv for 15 years now , did n't listen to radio once ( on purpose ) in my life and do n't read the newspapers . 
   you will still have to pay . 
  if you own a telephone or a pen with radio , you still have to pay . 
  the 50 % who did not bother to go to elections decided that they do n't oppose what pis would do . 
  skowro\u0144ski and wolski are fervent pis supporters and members . 
   because he is biased . 
  horribly , horribly biased . 
  he even got an award for it . 
  by the pis-ran sdp . 
  everyone is biased if viewed by the biased commitee . 
  would it go like this ? 
  : - hey , from now on your id should use polish alphabet , you 're not \u0623\u062d\u0645\u062f but ahmed now . 
  behead these who insult ahmeds !, 
  * detonates *, 
   oppresing lol . 
  this is simply a case of an old grandma who ca n't really sign her name as she 'd like to . 
  sure , not very nice and pc of lithuania , but hardly oppression . 
  godwin 's law = you lose . 
  pis does n't seem to think so , 
  it does not paint it as `` evil '' , merely as authoritarian , which they are . 
   yes if you go back 150 years . 
  i was not aware that napoleon iii planned to murder all the english . 
  in fact , he was your ally in crimean war . 
   could also use the german example in which case 65 years and yes again . 
  germans had no plans to ** exterminate ** western europeans . 
  i am talking not just invasion , not just slavery , but total destruction of a nation . 
   could use the american example although they 've never tried to invade us they do own huge amounts of our country . 
  us government owns huge amounts of your country ? 
   i do n't ever fear france invade , control or harm the uk in any way . 
  is france stronger and richer than uk ? 
  has france historically tried to exterminate ( totally destroy ) the english ? 
   why article does n't mention , that the polish special forces abw ( internal security agency ) entered the `` wprost '' ( polish magazine ) editorial office and by force tried to grab laptops of journalists . 
  the current government is planning to do x. 
  why should the article mention that the previous government did y ? 
  no , actually , it 's a lie if it 's not real , like many propaganda materials from wypok . 
  saying that `` controled '' is equivalent to `` owned by '' is a lie . 
  if merkel comes to axel springer and tells them to praise her in polish edition of `` bravo girl '' or in kurier olszty\u0144ski or in the very german wyborcza , maybe you 'll be right . 
  you 're free to present any proof that this sort of things have happened , of course . 
  the university of wykop.pl and max kolonko . 
   unless doing nothing is doing sth the fact that they do n't seem to be doing much , does not mean that they were doing nothing . 
  the last few weeks have n't yet taught the poles that the government that `` does nothing '' does n't have to be bad . 
  not really ; the fact that someone was described as tw means nothing . 
  listen , democracy does n't just magically exists , neither it 's synonymous with free markets . 
  if you want to live in a democratic society , you have to make it , whether participating in ngos , political parties or walking on streets . 
    the claim that ofe funds are your money was a lie invented by the aws ( now pis ) cabinet to sell people the reform . 
  pretty much this . 
  the neoliberal and libertarian teenagers do n't understand how the retirement sstem works , and therefore call any changes ( which were in fact rapid and not thought over ) ` thievery ' . 
  i agree . 
  but it also means that it 's not just young educated hipsters , but also families with children . 
   and it was always supportive of civil platform from the goodness of their collective heart fun fact , wyborcza is over twice as old as po is . 
  and yes , wyborcza is to the left of pis . 
   which is n't the biggest , or even the second biggest one in poland i expect that governmental messages would be not credible in fakt or super express . 
  hahahahaha !, 
  what he did is to accuse the president of collaboration to strenghten the position of olszewski 's government . 
   previous goverment subsided their media for 8 years so they are undoubtly bigger and they are making a lot of efford to make the goverment look bad . 
  that 's a fake right-wing meme , portraying the government advertisement and propaganda actions as `` subsidies '' . 
  they include action to inform about six-year-olds going to school ; of course they could always use `` radio maryja '' over rmf fm to do that . 
   they are so willing to fight the previous system and people ... 
  so that they 're employing former communists and denigrating fellow solidarity members ? 
   neither po nor this figurehead petru politics is not just po vs pis, 
  because people are n't afraid of po . 
  he said that the losses were massive and they 're still relevant . 
  would you disagree ? 
   hostile . 
  they talk about ww2 reparations again . 
  really ? 
  who and when said that ? 
   just taking a look at comments about germany from your current leaders and it suddenly seems like a very good idea to not put any critical needs of germany under polish influence . 
  and these are ? 
   i 'm just stating my opinion . 
  if you call something relatively common in western culture as `` ultra-liberal '' , you are stating some kind of fact , here something in the line of `` woman 's body is not hers . '', 
  opinions are opinions , but rights are rights . 
  \\  norm in the civilized world . 
  \\  ultra-liberal are divorces ultra-liberal for you ? 
  that really shows you should n't be voting . 
  and i expect that you define ` socialist ' as ` anyone slightly left to mr korwin ' . 
  i really doubt it , looking at their economy specialists . 
  walesa is a complete joke in modern polish politics - his unsuccesful , partisan tenure as president was exactly what pis is aiming at . 
  poles did n't even wanted to give him the second term , and he remains outside the politics ever since , but somehow he still occasionally playes the role of an `` old lion '' of politics . 
  i do n't want to make fun of him for his achievements or stance , but he 's even less relevant in polish politics than janusz korwin-mikke . 
   liberals lol . 
  no , not only . n/po were there . 
  many left-wingers protested as well . 
  the thing is that now actually everyone that 's not from pis is in opposition . 
  if some pis voters/supporters took part in this demo , then things would be really crazy . 
  and powstanie sejne\u0144skie against the lithuanians . 
    it strucks me how central/eastern/southern european states are not considered as partners . 
  that is what eastern europe wants . 
  everyone has to contribute to eu project - if you do n't want to do it willingly , consider sacrificing freedom of movement . 
  funny thing , when poland and ee does that , they 're immediately called `` warmongers '' . 
  this might come as a shock for europeans fed by stories about how poland was a developmental success , but few things really improved in the so-called `` poland b '', 
  guess how the pis government and its voters will react : 1 . 
  `` oh , i guess we should respect the constitution to maintain the civic society and together participate in shaping europe to accomodate our views as well '' 2 . 
  `` blaaargh , damned westerners dictating us their fascist ideas !, 
  this is the fifth partition of poland ! '', 
  fun fact , the company is owned by its workers . 
  the manager earns twice the pay of a bottler . 
   we can handle putin because we know how his brain works .
