  my boss can hide 5 people in his factory , statistically we hide 3 jews each , but if ss comes for him , we wo n't lose 3 jews , we lose 5 human lives . 
  yes , the russian empire had a lot of jews ... most of them in poland or on areas that are now in ukraine or belarus , because the tsars dumped them there . 
  it 's legal to shoot a scotsman in york , provided that they carry a bow and arrow , but it 's the eu that establishes ridiculous laws !, 
  i was not writing about `` young poles '' . 
  i mean continuong education . 
  postgraduate studies , going to uni after 30 ... its expensive . 
  and you confirm my point again by being unable to understand what you read . 
   we have a high car ownership rate . 
  not my point . 
  we have old schrottwagens from germany : http://wyborcza.biz/biznes/1,147752,18140732,w_polsce_mamy_rekordowo_duzo_aut__ale_to_glownie_stare.html music share data : consider the music releases per capita . 
  and also my point was piracy : http://www.pwc.pl/en/media/2014/2014-04-16-piractwo-w-sieci-przyczyna-milionowych-strat-dla-polskiej-gospodarki.html ( link in english ) http://www.krakowpost.com/746/2007/11 and as for reading : you gave a survey of time spent reading - that probably also includes students studying or women browsing pani domu : http://www.thenews.pl/1/9/artykul/129405,two-out-of-three-poles-dont-read-books and the last two links confirm my point . 
  it 's interesting how you think that pointing out flaws of my own country is `` shitting on it '' . 
  but okay , linking irrelevant data makes poland 's problems disappear !, 
   but saying `` we 're so shit because 80 % of us earn $ 500 '' is not representative at all and plain disingenuous . 
  yes , but : * we ca n't afford new cars . 
  result : stunning rate of car crash on the roads . 
  * we ca n't afford new electronics and software . 
  result : massive piracy . 
  result : very weak culture market . 
  why record songs in polish if they 're going to be torrented ? 
  * we ca n't afford books . 
  result : functional illiteracy . 
  50 % of poles do n't read at all . 
  * we ca n't afford further education . 
  result : instead of starting work as early as possible , talented young people go to schools asap , studying at least on two departments . 
  * we ca n't afford complex healthcare ( private operations ) . 
  result : overworked and underpaid public healthcare system . 
  i 'm not even mentioning how few poles can afford foreign vacation ( at least beyond the eastern bloc ) , and how this affects the polish xenophobia . 
  or how companies purchase new equipment almost exclusively from germany . 
  my point is that the policy of cheap workforce enforced by donald tusk was not that great for the country . 
  an acquaintance of mine wrote a tabletop rpg set in post-apocalyptic usa . 
  for some reason it got really popular in poland , they even made a spinoff board and card game ... except that they consistently spelled `` hot dog '' as `` hod dog '' . 
   were for retaining the current , restrictive abortion law , while pis was and is for total ban or restricting the law even more . 
    you know britain is the only place in the world where british people are a majority ? 
  how could it be ? 
  together with banderovtsy . 
  lol . 
  i did not vote for him , but he died in the line of duty and deserves respect . 
  i do n't know if this was an assassination but neither russian authorities nor the corrupt pro-eu government of `` herr '' donald tusk is trustworthy , so i think much could be revealed after further investigation . 
   tv trwam have lot 's of shady business with by now ruling party . 
  implying that tvn did n't have `` shady business '' with tusk and his cronies . 
  not really , as much as i dislike pis , they are still supported by the largest group of the poles and the western media are constantly attacking poland and polish people . 
  the minister was democratically elected , it 's his choice who to invite and who do n't . 
  it 's not like it 's some kind of major world-changing issue , most readers would n't be interested but of course everything is done to spit on the polish government and on the poorer section of polish society who elected them . 
  the rest of us just wonder when kaczynski is going to get over it my friend was murdered three years ago and i still miss him , but you know , life goes on . 
  wow , rich people dabble in politics !, 
  who 'd thunk it . 
   doing a job with ** no electoral mandate ** and no real power  he still manages to tweak the eu 's course every now and then so he 's a manipulative schemer ...  eu leaders with real power listen to him and respect him that has no real power ...  pis is trying to get him removed from his office , but tusk has made such a good impression ... openly acts against his own government ...  the eu might just keep him around anyway . 
  and might betray it . 
  sounds like a quintessential eu politician , that 's true . 
  * edit : downvoting me wo n't make this any less true . 
   what 's wrong with these people ? 
  their names are too hard to spell for you ? 
  poor kid . 
   healthcare - we probably have most efficient healthcare in the world . 
  go to any przychodnia rejonowa outside a city , and spend a couple of days in the waiting room . 
  the system is still corrupt and inefficient . 
  so that 's what you 're saying now . 
  conspiracy ? 
  yes . 
  you know what i meant . 
   post-communist what . 
  psl was one that did n't ; well , except for the nepotism . 
  there 's no law saying that the chairman of the party must be the pm . 
  there 's been many cases when the chairman was not the charismatic leader , like with po and tusk . 
  what job ? 
  he 's just a regular mp , and ca n't be accused or persecuted for anything . 
  fun fact : he 's not an idiot and is really good at propaganda . 
  no one really voted for kaczynski , he officially stepped back and let others in his party run for pm and ministers . 
  pretty much . 
  poles attack migrants , and that 's not an isolated incident . 
  the government has done absolutely nothing to fight fascism , and the only party that did something about it was sld now considered a joke at best . 
  spray painted swastikas , david 's star on the gallows ... they 're here since the eighties and no one cares . 
  football hooligans attack and sometimes even kill the migrants with dark skin and tusk 's response was to build more football stadiums . 
  virtually every polish government has turned a blind eye to it , and now the effects are coming into the limelight . 
   is it the worst thing in the world ? 
  pretty sure that being discriminated because of what you are is one of the worst things in the world . 
   expat yeah , that 's just a fancy word for migrant . 
   another bullshit article about a singular crime . 
  most of them are . 
  because the poor people in poland , romania and bulgaria are just sub-humans for the coke-snorting european elite in brussels . 
  i 'd very much like to know what economic miracle you 're talking about . 
  after 12 years of eu occupation the poor parts of poland are still really poor . 
    hey mr. salty , poland apply for being in the eu , not the other way around . 
  actually it was invited and there was a massive propaganda campaign . 
   and mind you than plenty of westerners are not happy with the 2004 enlargement and would have rather `` let poland alone '' and if you dont want the $ 82 billions that the eu is giving to poland for 2014-2020 , please be so kind to give them back . 
  i would rather have the `` rich western '' tax payers ' money to stay in their countries rather than abroad . 
  so what 's the purpose of eu enlargement then ? 
   twisting facts is the growing national debt not a fact ? 
  is the 5 % emigration not a fact ? 
  is the fact that 2 millions of poles have no basic health insurance not a fact ? 
  so your proof is to post a map with no poland on it . 
   on my last trip through poland this year i could not drive 15 minutes through the country side without passing one of those sign posts funded by the eu . 
  uh ... you 're a rich western tourist , you do n't see it from the perspective of 20 % poles who live below poverty line . 
  what do they have to gain from new highways ? 
   honestly , what is it you expect from being part of the eu though ? 
  umm ... nothing ? 
  brussels is the same as moscow , you feed us with beautiful lies and propaganda , but nothing changes in this country . 
  why ca n't the west just leave poland alone ? 
  why do we have to serve you ?
