  i do n't remember the west ever reacting to putin 's actions as `` ah , okay , exactly as planned '' ; most of time they did n't even understand what the man was doing . 
  who cares about po now ? 
  the government is pis , the president is pis , po is finished , and it 's pis who has to face the consequences . 
  overturning the constitution does equal undemocratic , as is censorship . 
   the whole hysteria in foreign media was started by leftist/centrist journalist sympathizing with po or liberal forces in general . 
  and your problem with that is ... ? 
  people ca n't voice their discontent when undemocratic nationalists introduce their way of thinking ? 
  because the council president has no actual power over the council , he 's more of a moderator of their meetings . 
  sure , that gives him authority and possibilities to open , close and enforce negotiations , but he ca n't make any decisions by himself . 
   many of your politicians ( and population ) seem to be automatically suspicious of everything russia does could you give an example ? 
   enslave all poles . 
  they just wanted to impose communism , forced labor is a form of slavery . 
   assholes interesting . 
   ... and again this conspiracy theory . 
  fine , give me a single evidence which is not a fabricated leak for the use of presidential campaign of komorowski or speculatiuons of some lefty `` journalists '' . 
  first of all , he clearly said `` might have '' . 
  this does not presuppose any evidence , but it does correlate with kaczynski 's stance in georgia . 
  second , what `` lefty journalists '' do you mean ? 
   lefty massmedias which are ? 
   conspiracy theory of president `` pressuring '' the pilots i 'm not sure whether you understand what `` conspiracy theory '' actually means . 
   the mysterious call from his brother i 'm not sure whether that was an issue ... 
  who do you see as ` leftists ' ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  their theory , soon to be an official one , seems to be that they detonated some kind of demolition charge hidden in the walls of the plane . 
  kaliningrad is a part of russia . 
  and what do russians do with their government ? 
  they do n't even try to elect a new one , there 's no russian maidan . 
  russians support their leaders wholeheartedly , from tzars and stalin to putin . 
  ever heard of ` tragedy of the commons ' ? 
   , somebody else more successful is getting punished , how are taxes a ` punishment ' ? 
  why do you think open borders are mutually exclusive with security ? 
  or that they 're a ` liberal ' idea , for starters ? 
   what lgbt wants is to get extra privileges , at expense of freedom of everyone else . 
   why is being able to marry a person you love an extra privilege ? 
   you do not like bald people , or stinking people , or badly dressed people - ok you can hire someone else your money . 
  but if you do not like gay people , whooops sorry buddy you 're out of luck , you lose in this case freedom , you must hire some . 
  who do you mean by ` you ' ? 
  do you think an employer should be allowed to hire the people he likes , or , say , people who are able to do the job ? 
  so you know what the best steps to conduct an investigation after a chaotic plane crash are ? 
  why do n't you share it somewhere and point out what russian authorities did wrong ? 
  i 'd limit the flow and allow job migration only after a waiting period ( which is what germany did ) . 
  how do you imagine it 's done ? 
  compared to the west , sure . 
   but they 're an extreme minority here with no popular support . 
  the problem is that not that there 's no support . 
  the problem is that they 're accepted . 
  no one is brave enough to defy the bandits and hooligans . 
  president trump said a lot of things . 
  he also said that he wo n't defend the baltics . 
   the ussr did that too . 
  no they did n't . 
  they literally dismantled the industry and demanded tons of coal and steel from silesia during the korean war . 
  they have n't built a subway in warsaw for 50 years - the first line took 15 years to build without eu help , the second with eu help - 3 . 
   putin took crimea just because he could , there was no long-term plan for this . 
  precisely . 
  so he could take estonia if he wanted to . 
  then latvia . 
  then lithuania . 
  then poland . 
  why would n't he ? 
  who would now protest it ? 
  who would fight for kaczynski ? 
  that 's selective . 
  for one such mural there 's dozens of antisemitic grafitti , and ugly hip-hop tags . 
  italy is in fact so developed and progressive that it elected a pimp as its prime minister . 
  if i have to choose between western europe and eastern europe i 'll always choose eastern europe . 
    pis is neither right or nationalist . 
  they use hardcore christian rhetoric and ally themselves with neo-nazi groups . 
   socialistic scum having a social program is not `` socialistic '' . 
  most mainstream parties have it . 
  these who do n't , are by definition extremist . 
   communism set back eastern european economies quite a lot it rebuilt the country from the last time western europeans paid us a visit . 
  because the westerners have always wanted to colonize poland, 
   poland is already great . 
  then why is everyone leaving ? 
  so are polish historians evil or dishonest ? 
  so polish history should be written by germans or russians ... 
  sounds familiar . 
   rewriting history is not defending its good name . 
   okay , so is restoring the truth not defending its good name ? 
  i 've heard practically everything about poland . 
  polish people built death camps . 
  poland is the only european country that does n't acknowledge the holocaust . 
  poland was a willing accomplice of hitler . 
  germans killed jews because they had orders - poles killed them because they delight in this . 
  poles suckle anti-semitism with their mother 's milk . 
  poles killed more jews than germans . 
  poles are as responsible for the holocaust as germans . 
  the sea should swallow the entire poland . 
  what you 're saying is poland should accept that . 
    the question of whether poles killed jews during ww2 is not related to soviet occupation or the wish of the current government to `` defend polands good name '' it kinda is . 
  every other nation somehow has the right to write their own history , but poles ca n't . 
   the polish government wants to portray themself and polands history as infallible do n't you think that after almost 80 years of occupation and lies poland should finally be able to defend its good name ? 
  so it 's even dumber . 
  what 's easier , save 10 % of millions of jews or save 80 % of a thousand ? 
   there is no instance of `` poles '' killing a civilian jew , ukrainian or german during ww2 . 
   some sort of per capita numbers . 
  what kind of mickey mouse logic is that ? 
  per capita of what ? 
  i can afford to shelter one person in my basement and that 's not going to change .
