  because one were young and western while the others were slavic and uncivilised ? 
   i have not met a single german in my life who believed or claimed that poland was responsible for the holocaust . 
  i have heard numerous jews claiming that poles were willing executioners of hitler , building the death camps . 
  i have read that polish people are worse than germans , because germans killed jews because they were ordered to , while poles kill jews for fun . 
  i have seen a movie about cracking the enigma where the pole feeds information to the germans . 
  i doubt whether the germans are a driving force in this , but nevertheless , you had 50 years to defend yourselves . 
  we do n't . 
  i 've always maintained that poland is not culturally european or western . 
  ethnically , we 're slavs , culturally we 're eurasian . 
  my history teacher once said that even though white rose was noble and incredibly brave , it was the largest organised effort against the nazis in germany . 
  it would fit in a single classroom , however . 
  edit : thanks for sharing info on other groups . 
   there is no big german conspiracy to try and blame the concentration camps on poland . 
  there is , however , a well organized effort . 
  i ca n't believe that people can be misinformed without an ill will guiding that . 
  there is a consistent shift of the blame from the germans who are civilised european to the savage poles and ukrainians . 
  when even the us president uses the phrase `` polish death camps '' you know that it 's not a coincidence . 
  * someone * is in control , right ? 
  right ? 
  the very next day his boss will say something about putin being able to own estonia or that ukraine should reunite with russia . 
  what 's the value of american words now ? 
  how can i know if i 'm racist if there is n't anyone i can be racist to ? 
  so , for whom ? 
  these countries who are race-obsessed like the states ? 
  against whom ? 
  do you know how many non-polish people i meet at work , on streets or at school ? 
   i urge europe to not make the same mistake america made yes i am sure to treat decently the african-polish . 
  both of them , in fact . 
  do you even know what you are writing about ? 
  you americans constantly project your culture on us . 
  fuck everything . 
  lol at pis not wanting another munich . 
  why does `` active global role '' sounds like `` german domination '' to me ? 
  yes , instead of jobs , towns have newly paved market squares . 
  so great . 
  most of poland looks like poland 20 years ago . 
  poland does not end with warsaw and the biggest cities . 
  except is not false . 
  in the given context eastern europe has to choose between the two flawed countries - one is ethnically , culturally and linguistically related with it , other is a close friend with one that planned total genocide of slavs . 
  donald tusk is responsible for the smolensk crash , perhaps more than it 's commonly thought , his government has stolen poles ' retirement funds to party for , and he has publicly claimed that being polish is abnormal . 
  he has pretended to be a patriot but is a traitor in reality . 
  ok , i was merely pointed out that you 're not innocent . 
  your president is right , russia is a state of murderers and so is the us . 
  did n't you just did that ? 
  but fine , what do i know , i 'm just an ignoramus from eastern europe . 
  and when iran nationalized its oil industry ... 
   foreign policy since pis came to power has been a shitshow waszczykowski wanted to be the minister of national defense instead of the crazy tony , so now he acts even crazier than macierewicz so that kaczynski gets fed up with both of them . 
  that 's the only explanation . 
  it 's true . 
  poland resisted the germans - 20 % of the nation dead , destroyed capital , half of century of soviet occupation . 
  czechs surrendered without combat - small losses , managed to seize prague , and were the only country to elect communists in democratic elections . 
   living standards in poland are better then in russia not really . 
  small polish towns very slightly  small russian towns . 
  except that russia is bigger and has the centralized mentality . 
  and what he 's done for poland so far ? 
  the man who says publicly `` to be polish is to be abnormal '' ... 
  it was thanks to his kancelaria that the event occured in the first place . 
  he is at the very least co-responsible for the death of over 100 people . 
   he seems reasonable , competent and mild-mannered . 
  he is a murderer and a thief devoid of patriotism . 
  as soon as he returns to poland he will be arrested . 
   i disagree with this particular position therefore no europe if one principle is flawed , then there 's no point in adopting other principles depending on it . 
  europe is not a table on four legs , it 's a tapestry where each thread is tied to millions of others . 
  the people who are behind him might be anti-polish . 
  at least poles do n't rewrite their history . 
  the government of europe ? 
   sure , he can influence the president or our premier , but who ca n't ? 
  can you ? 
  butthurt bronies believe that any form of control over free market is of the devil . 
  no matter that for instance kghm or jsw has always had a degree of government control , eevil pis is the communist . 
  why not reforming it with the scandinavian countries or smaller states like austria or italy . 
  someone enjoying lower taxes despite enjoying more tax benefits is privileged . 
  thanks to public schools you have a better-educated work force , thanks to public healthcare they can work longer , thanks to the police your wares and company are safer . 
  true . 
  but we should not also categorize them as `` eu good , kaczynski bad '' . 
  both are bad , and we need to pick a third road . 
  instead of leaving or remaining , let 's reform the eu , for instance . 
   the `` elite '' turns the country in to their personal playground and a kleptocracy . 
  this has started in 1945 and did not really change in 1989 . 
  i do n't see how a german thief is better than a polish one . 
  of course , i 'm not saying that it 's wrong to want to be privileged . 
  so he said nothing about the eastern europe other than it should leave . 
  just another westerner influenced by the globalist liberal capitalist media . 
   definitely not for good feeling from paying high taxes . 
  cry me a river . 
  i dislike pis and i do n't think they 're democratic , but honestly , you ca n't be polish and european at the same time . 
   why should i care ? 
  because this might be encouraging for the psycho nationalists to take over their host country . 
   from my experience - we appreciate ukrainians in poland . 
  maybe you do . 
  do you want the second wo\u0142y\u0144 ? 
  and what is so bad about poland ? 
  the fact they are taking their country back from the german-russian co-dominion ? 
   is a legit question . 
  or do you think all 140 million russians are bloodthirsty charles manson types ? 
  for most westerners , the goal of the international policy is to foster favorable reactions with other nations . 
  for russians it 's to be feared and to recreate their empire . 
  the jews and polska rroma were also polish citizens and our compatriots . 
   you have absolutely no idea how corrupt was ussr and what happened in russia in the 1990s oh give me a fucking break . 
  we in eastern europe experienced this in the 1980s .
