  and the 70s . 
  and the 60s . 
  and yet we do not invade neighboring countries in the name of `` russian peace '' . 
  not really ; our new big brother is quite similar to the old one . 
  we should do to americans what the americans did to us : point at them and laugh . 
  every other russian on the net is a stalin 's apologist somehow . 
  that 's the thing , innit ? 
  he did sign it willingly , but honestly many people did . 
  the real problem is that he hid it , and continued to serve as the president of the republic . 
  how it was legal , i do not know . 
  and the signed declaration of cooperation is merely forgery , am i right ? 
  so , the people who resisted communism are now communists while the people that willingly cooperated with the party and lied about it to the entire nation for half of the century , even when receiving the fucking nobel peace prize are now to be heroes . 
  is that the european way of thinking ? 
   swedish never got rich , because they were socialists . 
  they kinda did ? 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/sweden/gdp-per-capita high taxes and lower income discrepancies have the proven effect of boosting the economy . 
   when you have shit loads of money , and poland does not or take finland ; they have forest and soviets - so did poland . 
  in general it 's the left and center-left who has to raise money for the deficit caused by economic liberals . 
   doda eelektroda - kurva can confirm , seen how she treats stagehands, 
  it kinda does especially when paired with democracy . 
  what does n't work is the marxist-leninist centrally planned economy . 
  this is only for the western poland . 
  we in the east do n't eat potato pancakes with sugar , instead we have spicy , oniony babka and kiszka :d, 
   you wo n't find nazis ( except in shallow graves where they belong ) . 
  and in polish parliament . 
  true . 
  neoliberalism does n't work , imagine that . 
  however , at least we 're free from obnoxious pro-eu propaganda . 
  the general rule of thumb is : donald tusk always lies . 
  check out zbigniew stonoga :d, 
   culturally and in terms of mentality it is probably the closest to the west of the slavic world , but it is definitely slavic , too . 
  poland is in my opinion more slavic than western . 
  when you ask a pole about the west he never includes poland , most poles for instance resent `` the west and the eu telling us what to do '' . 
   recent economic miracle  lol , no . 
  we barely had any growth under po . 
    lech walesa and his solidarity movement were able to stand up to the ussr without all being murdered , pretty impressive . 
  because they were actually puppets of the communists as it turns out now . 
  very well , he has failed to fulfill his electoral promises , wasted billions of taxpayers money on the failed euro 2012 project , might have participated in the murder of the president , and turned poland in the puppet state of germany . 
  how 's that for specific ? 
  on the other hand donald tusk is a massive chump and a traitor of polish national cause . 
  so , you know . 
  i 'm just waiting for him to come back to poland to get arrested , tried and imprisoned . 
  he 's as much of a thief and a sociopath as the american one , but sadly , he 's much smarter . 
   right-wing billions who do everything soros does . 
  but , you see , soros did not inherit his his money nor did he gain them with `` hard honest work '' . 
  he 's the living proof that massive millions can be made practically overnight , due to luck , connections and being able to act like a massive asshat . 
  he overturns the entire conservative mythology that the rich are rich because they deserve to . 
  and of course , there 's the anti-semitism . 
  pis has mighty allies . 
  san escobar , belarus and now the powerful slovenia . 
  ... just a couple of days ago i argued with a pro-trump person whose reddit handle was literally thatfeministgirl, 
  as for lublin , that 's true . 
  however , moving the capital to \u0141\u00f3d\u017a was seriously considered , if briefly . 
  the efforts of sfos were coordinated by the architects ( most notably jan zachwatowicz ) who were not members of the communist party or the government . 
  not really . 
  initially the pkwn wanted to move the capital of poland to \u0141\u00f3d\u017a - it was people who moved in to warsaw who made them and stalin change their mind . 
  it was not financed by the soviet help nor by the government efforts , but by the voluntary spo\u0142eczny fundusz odbudowy stolicy - the communists had nothing to do with it . 
   today you ca n't say anything sympathetic toward prl ( polish `` republic '' subordinated to usrr ) authorities what was so great about prl then ? 
  i do n't give a toss who will be elected or what their name sounds like as long as the russian soldiers wo n't surround my home . 
  anyone who 's dedicated to the eu unity sounds good to me . 
  the soviets did n't do shit . 
  are the people all christian by default ? 
  fun fact : currently in poland the mp or president might add `` so help me god '' to his inauguration ; the government has a project of a new constitution where they say it by default but can drop them . 
  are standards of living generally good in tax havens ? 
  elsewhere in this thread . 
  you know what 's bizarre ? 
  people thinking that `` the left '' and `` the right '' are monoliths . 
  left-wingers hate him because he 's a multimillionaire who 's made his fortune essentially bankrupting the uk by currency trading . 
  conservatives hate him because : - he is a jew and a banker . 
  - he has made his fortune not thanks to hard work , he did not inherit it , he had actually been lucky and made smart decisions . 
  this kinda overthrows the entire conservative narrative . 
  - he supports the left-wing and pro-democracy initiatives . 
  if this is a forgery , why has n't this been revealed earlier ? 
   i do n't know about the sld , but we get the same shit flung at us here as moderates in the uk labour party . 
   except that sld really is rebranded communist party . 
  it 's current leader , leszek miller , used to be a senator before the regime change . 
  it was his government that introduced `` junk contracts '' ( allowing the employers to hire people without health or retirement insurance ) , introduced flat tax for businesses , started to privatize healthcare and education , allowed for torture of people in cia prisons , kept silent in the matter of reproductive rights , reduced the funding for cheap eatieries for the poorest ... oh the list goes on and on and i have n't even mentioned the palpable corruption . 
  so what are the actual left-wing achievements of sld ? 
   we can either forge our own destinity together , or be bothered by petty squables and minor details . 
  why is my destiny to do everything germans want to ? 
   everything else in the west is off-limits ( they are in for a rude awakening if they move against nato/eu ) in five days their puppet is going to run nato . 
  donald tusk - better than nsdap . 
   russia is not targeting us with nukes what is kaliningrad ? 
   why would he take the job you do n't argue with the prezes . 
  well , he is not a diplomat by his own admission . 
  still , it is the same strategy , whether it 's done for or against pis . 
  if you want to be the better person , you should be the one that does not use such underhanded tactics . 
  my point is that the `` independent '' media basically made up komorowski to be a drunk in japan out of whole cloth ; now the po-dominated media is doing the same , blowing up the irrelevant non-story . 
  as for waszczykowski i have to say that fotyga was actually way better despite speaking english even worse than tusk . 
  ... because the only pure liberal is the messiah korwin . 
  christ , that was just a slip of the tongue . 
  the liberals are exactly as bad as the pis - they mocked president komorowski . 
  why ca n't no one stop this retarded vicious cycle ? 
  i am not friends with nazis . 
   why would you assume that `` the whole ukrainian nation supports right-wing nationalists '' ? 
  cause putin propaganda said so ? 
  the vast majority of ukrainians supported upa and oun and praise them as heroes - or at least they do n't oppose it . 
   the last thing ukraine and ukrainians would want to do , is to break up with poland . 
  then why praise bandera ? 
  why praise people who murdered polish people for being polish ?
