   take money from people who earned it so my boss ( wages 5k/month ) is more left than me ( earn 2k/month at best ) ? 
  neither the high taxes do not necessarily equal economic left . 
  if you see their single social program as left , you also not notice their policy towards special economic zones or lack of will to regulate the working conditions . 
   pis , po is left economically not really , unless you see only laissez-faire as true right wing . 
   sure we have our own rapists but they are being dealt with pis was strongly pro-rape ( and against the anti-violence convention ) . 
  a famous rape apologist , rafa\u0142 ziemkiewicz , was recently mentioned as a possible candidate for a radio 3 manager . 
   besides that did you know that 80 % of the private media in poland are german controll most of them are magazines like `` pani domu '' or komputer \u015bwiat . 
  this is pretty much how the polish electorate sees the left : as a nebulous threat , that 's best left ignored , but somehow still `` rules '' . 
   lech walesa , the polish shipyard electrician , climbed over his yard wall in gdansk to join and then lead a strike in 1980 -- lighting the fuse to ignite , 10 years and a period of confinement later , a revolution that could n't be squashed . 
  he was elected president in 1990 he also failed to get reelected in 1995 , losing to the post-communist kwasniewski , and gained 1 % of the votes in 2000 . 
  walesa was a terrible politician . 
   poland was always the heart of central europe , shifting from a little bit more eastern to a little bit more western europe . 
  we have always been eastern , slavic and collective . 
   without it , single countries mean nothing like russia , norway or switzerland ? 
   our no , no , no . 
  they did not take `` your '' money from you . 
  they took `` your '' money from the banks and gave it to the state . 
  only they did n't because the money was already spent for the pension of your grandmother . 
  success story ? 
  what about all that british/french stories about polish migrants or plumbers ? 
   it 's because merkel is pressing on them to take in migrants and embrace things like gay marriage . 
  merkel is herself anti-gay marriage , you liar . 
  so start your own party . 
  it 's like lech kaczynski , when he got on the plane , he was a weak leader , when he crashed he suddenly became a great patriot and true leader . 
  how on earth poland moved from the laughingstock of europe and the world to some kind of cornerstone without which eu would fall ? 
    the potential to fester in cave for a lifetime , only leaving to spend your cock and fill your guts and the potential of transfiguration are equally present in modern man . 
  thank you , i try my best . 
  in europe we have this thing called `` freedom of speech '' . 
   most important resource of a nation - allegiance and here 's the problem with your vision . 
  have you thought that perhaps it 's the potential of the people ? 
  or natural solidarity ? 
   also the so often mentioned german politicians were all eu politicians it does n't matter to pis/kukiz supporters . 
  german surname = evil nazi . 
  well , right now we changed the warsaw-berlin-paris cooperation to warsaw-budapest-bucharest , with london cheering from the sidelines , we 're headed back to being a buffer state . 
    are they doing that ? 
  if they are , do let me know what they are . 
  what if they do introduce 10 % electoral treshold and fptp , effectively removing small parties from politics ? 
   poles will have an election soon enough in which they will get rid of this government or keep it . 
  what if they change the election procedures , like erdogan did ? 
   politicans have been secretly recorded , and the huge scale of this means a massive failure of the state yes . 
  that 's why the government sent people to the magazine that was publishing contents of these illegal tapes . 
   , so that we could n't even properly secure our president 's flight and here we go , with the experts on aviation and procedures . 
  straight to the point , i see . 
   i am told 19th-century patriotic songs have again become fashionable . 
  this is about the last thing we need at a time when europe faces very serious challenges and needs unity more than ever before . 
  this is an electorate that for the past 8 years has been singing `` return to us a free motherland '' , honestly convinced that poland was under foreign occupation ( and for many of them this started in 1992 ) . 
  ussr used tanks , not diplomats . 
   however saying that because they want the cc to rule with a 2/3rds majority ( not in all cases ) means that there is an antidemocratic coup , in my view is bullshit . 
  they 're also introducing fifo method - that means that they 'll be quickly able to swamp the cc with irrelevant details , while the major changes will be introduced later . 
  that is why the poles in general flee to hungary , russia or belarus rather than germany , britain or sweden . 
    there is no meaningful left wing in poland after sld 's decade-long , self-inflicted slide into irrelevance . 
  was it before or after they signed the concordate ? 
   basically germany is bullying whole europe and especially poland to obey their will . 
  how on earth is germany doing this ? 
  germany is rich and populous , yes , they carry a lot more clout . 
   poland does n't accept it and personally i support this stance . 
  not all of poland , just the new government . 
   they already fucked us big time with nord stream 2 that was more a matter of all western europe , france participated as well . 
   and now they demand that we solve an issue that they created for themselves despite criticism coming from all directions . 
  the issue is affecting entire eu , the solution should involve everyone . 
   on the other hand `` germans are nazis '' in poland comes from a few rather controversial newspapers and not mainstream media or politics . 
  the mainstream politicians like justice minister and mainstream media like wprost openly compare german politicians to nazism , i do n't know how more mainstream can you even get . 
   well , it might not have been exactly leftist , but still evil . 
  there is a ( created by the previous government ) bill in the works , allowing the police and government access to internet data without citizen 's knowledge . 
  it 's higly likely that pis is going to allow that bill to go through the motion . 
  so german women are n't germans ? 
  not sure how it works . 
  so , let 's make it clear . 
  because i 'm not an apple , i must be a banana ? 
  because i notice that your arguments are based on hipocrisy of `` commie hunt '' or plagiarised book with no research , i must be personally involved ? 
  and this logic employed by pis is a reason i 'm not voting for them . 
   you either have an interest in maintaining the previous status quo or you are one of those that are paid to spread anti-pis propaganda on the internet . 
  accusing others of being paid shills , how subtle . 
  the constitution ? 
   we are not discussing technical aspects of the book - i do n't care whether it was nicely written or a plagiarism of another book , but i am interested in facts that were presented there . 
  except that he did not documented it in any way . 
  this is a work of fiction and should have not been mentioned . 
   regarding pis , i believe there are some black sheeps there ( e.g. 
  the ones you mentioned ) , but the overall picture of this party and their actions look way better than any previous one . 
  nope . 
  this is hardly a justification for their actions , especially since this shows the hipocrisy of the pis - there are plenty of ex-pzpr in their ranks , yet they had the audacity to call the opposition traitors or burn lech wa\u0142\u0119sa in effigy . 
   and with all due respect to reddit , it is not the best source of information since it is largely occupied but left-wing thinkers that are ready to protect their status quo in poland at any cost ( as long as it 's not them bearing it ) . 
  who are the left-wing thinkers ? 
  if you assume that any opposition to pis is left-wing , you 're just confirming that pis is an extreme right party . 
   western media pushing their propaganda how great immigration is , posting pictures of kids and women and other bullshit , ... because kids and women do n't exist ? 
   check biographies of politicians that are members of aws , uw , sld and po ( do n't be afraid to mention those names in your posts ) . 
  interestingly enough , former aws/uw members moved to sld/po when the former to parties were over . 
  check biographies of kry\u017ce , aumiller , karski or wolski from pis . 
  but of course it 's they who are evil postcommunists . 
   if you have troubles finding this information , i recommend you a fresh bestseller , `` niebezpieczne zwiazki bronislawa komorowskiego '' by wojciech sumlinski -- this should give you plenty of information about linkages between the most prominent people from all former governments i have mentioned , including po . 
  also , please read the story of litigation between the author of this book and former president , komorowski ( mentioned in the title of the book ) and check who won . 
  check out / r/polska to see how true the story likely is ( hint : the author plagiarized chandler , mac lean and larsson , did n't bother to use any bibliography ) . 
   people do have internet , god damn it !, 
  first of all a significant portion of the voters do n't use it , in general if you 're above 40 . 
  second , pis is preparing to seize control over the internet as well . 
  neither is tvp now - the new law just made it directly responsible to the government . 
   most of the media was controlled by germany yes , magazines like `` pani domu '' or `` komputer \u015awiat '' were directly controlled from berlin . 
   all kinds of pathetic lies that people actually believed . 
  like what ? 
   the eu is pissed because we 're no longer their slaves .
