   dieing for your nation is just as stupid as dieing for your god . 
  maybe you should start with ones that * kill * for their nation first . 
  well given that he 's not saying anything it 'd be rather hard . 
  does it ban the nation states from having their own foreign policy , though ? 
  you know how will they react to this - tvp is at this point ran by pis-men . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/brexit-eu-referendum-france-and-germany-hatch-a-plan-to-save-eu/ despite the heavy editorializing by the biased pis-controlled tvp , it 's not exactly a hoax . 
  the word `` unification '' is not there , the text ( that 's essentially a draft of a speech by now , not a proposal ) , mentions common security , asylum and migration policy ( common eu border guard ) . 
  they say nothing about `` forcing '' to join the eurozone , but instead about reform emz . 
  the site openly lies about taking the member states ' right to have an army , nor limiting the rule of nato . 
  the document does n't mention foreign policy . 
  sure , because no one ever called polish people ` vermin ' . 
  why would i ? 
  the polish institutes are decent enough - and public . 
  yeah , well , my grandfather was not a coward and spent the war in the pow camp for all his trouble . 
   i find myself increasingly amazed and grateful that america sorted this federalism stuff long before i was born . 
  how adorable , another american thinking that colonies created on base on genocide and slavery are comparable to states thousands of years old . 
  american education , ca n't beat it . 
  the last time people who used the phrase `` polish vermin '' very nearly did so . 
   its not the entire population that thinks like this , its just the undersexed human garbage that is now stuck on that island , whereas a century ago their own people would have gotten rid of them by flushing that british loo on colonies , and gifting them with these types of idiots as a form of social fertiliser . 
   now they 're stuck with them , piling up in council ghettos , fucking each other for child benefit and spending it on canned beer or heroin while they feed the kids hot dog spaghetti on plastic plates . 
  this answer might be more sensible if i had not eaten hot dog spaghetti on lunch two days ago . 
  being poor does not excuse neo-nazism . 
   you do know you 're acting exactly like the racist and xenophobic assholes you detest , right ? 
  ca n't allow only the racists to behave like assholes . 
   some britons are great . 
  some britons are cunts . 
  as we have recently learned , there are more cunts than great ones . 
  no , not just ` a ' note . 
  a series of notes , propaganda posters , and a massive nationwide vote whether people agree with the notes like that , maybe you missed it . 
  and this is precisely the day i became an euro-enthusiast . 
  the people who wrote this won . 
  good for you , brits , i hope your entire island burns to the ground . 
  a kashubian is now the president of europe , tyvm, 
  tractors answered the ukrainian provocation with rocket fire . 
   without the eu your country would be on the same level as belarus or ukraine yeah because everything is about money . 
   maybe immigrants ? 
  i do n't know your culinary preferences , dare elaborate ? 
  why would i ? 
  racism is a fundamentally western european invention . 
  as a member of one of the most persecuted ethnic groups in xxth century i empathise with others who were victims of european imperialism , and while i have my reservations against radical islam , i wish only well many people who come here in search for better life . 
  better ahmed than adolf . 
   who think the whole world is out there to get them historically this has n't been that far from the truth . 
   you should get angry at your own politicians over a lot of polish people did and elected pis . 
  i joined the party [ razem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/razem ) to do it . 
   i can understand that you dont like it , but isnt poland doing way better economically than before joining the eu ? 
  five years ago i earned 1000 euro and my boss earned 2000 euro . 
  now i earn 1000 euro and my boss earns 5000 euro . 
  so yeah the economy is booming . 
  wrong . 
  people knew pis and kaczynski 's rhetoric , people knew what 's going to happen once they were elected , people wanted budapest in warsaw and waszczykowski as foreign minister . 
  that 's democracy for you . 
  and ? 
  we , the poles in general , will get better , when the anti-european pis will lose their support . 
  `` our '', 
   if you feel the need to ensure germans that we will recover from it , like / u/pothkan [ -1 ] did , it kinda does mean you are being apologetic and subservient . 
  dislike of pis and being convinced that they are harming poland does not mean being apologetic . 
  so , you do n't . 
  oh , so because i dare to speak against the germanic hegemony i must be some kind of racist ? 
   problem with blaming poles for holocaust is rather connected to prejudices to some american jewish groups , than germans . 
  perhaps . 
  i 'm not going to disagree , i worked in tourism . 
  but you ca n't deny that germans benefit from this . 
  i met an israeli who said he 'd never buy a japanese , german or polish car because of the holocaust . 
  he was in his fifties . 
   major polish newspapers , both daily and weekly , are polish-owned . 
  two major private tv channels are either polish ( polsat ) or american ( tvn ) . 
  the dailies perhaps , but do n't underestimate the power of magazines of axel springer . 
  besides , 80 % of media is just one example of economic branches - how many german supermarkets are there in poland ? 
  lidl , aldi , auchan - not paying taxes . 
  how many factories ? 
  and how many polish factories were closed ? 
   yeah , let 's be offended for decades because of stupid jokes , which - let 's be sincere - had some truth in them . 
  i do n't know about you but i 've never stolen a car in my life . 
  they support and legitimize onr and rn , starting from their so-called `` independence march '' . 
  recently onr marched through my city . 
  po called for a condemnation from the city council , pis blocked the initiative . 
  i was talking about pis . 
  because historically the extremists never gained support of the democratic majority . 
  during these 25 years germans managed to shift the blame on the holocaust for the poles ( when the us president mentions `` polish death camps '' you know you 've lost ) , bought 80 % of our media , perpetuated the car thieving stereotype , and still want to control poland with various eu application . 
  still , they do n't actively want to murder us , i guess that 's `` friendly '' enough for the germans . 
  both , i think . 
  i love poles of all races and faiths . 
    normal poles , do tell : have you heard as of late that some opposition politicians ( pro-russian ones , in your case ) were put under home arrest maybe ? 
  well in general a single crackpot , slavic nationalist and a proved kremlin agent ( he was an `` independent observer '' in `` crimean referendum '' ) was accused of taking money from kremlin - which he quite likely did . 
   people have been proud to say they are n't proud of their country and it 's gotten to the point where if you say you are proud to be from your nation then you are a fascist . 
  that 's funny , all my life i 've been saying that i 'm proud to be polish , but i 've een accused of being a fascist only when i opposed the self-admitting hardcore nationalists in power . 
   there are some great thinkers and cultures in that part of the world . 
  name at least one polish poet , writer or filmmaker . 
  you ca n't . 
  guys like you care only about some great ideas and reject actual people who disagree with your vision . 
  sounds familiar ? 
   bullshit , the eu is about breaking that distrust . 
  like they did with nordstream or the recent blackmails ? 
   pity the communists could build anything apart from commie blocks and the palace of culture the nation during communist era rebuilt the old town . 
  uh ... and did they ? 
  so what russia did to change this ? 
  wikipedia sez : the english word slave comes from old french sclave , from the medieval latin sclavus , from the byzantine greek \u03c3\u03ba\u03bb\u03ac\u03b2\u03bf\u03c2 , which , in turn , comes from the ethnonym slav , because in some early medieval wars many slavs were captured and enslaved . 
  and ? 
  it 's not like po did something to oppose the church . 
  the church had three decades of teaching religion in schools , and now pis is giving them more privileges and even more influence over the youth .
