  this is exactly what kaczynski said he wanted to achieve and what his voters support , `` budapest in warsaw '' . 
   why do they agitate against valid and lawful election results ? 
  no one is . 
  people are concerned that they are overturning the independency of constitutional tribunal and broadening their own competences . 
  what an honest interview without any agenda !, 
   communist goebelss is probably more leftist than gw , but he 's not important this is the mentality of people for whom gw is ` leftist ' . 
   sponsored by government for years not the same thing as running public ads in the largest daily . 
   base for this article is article posted in polish biased newspaper , the fact that the media do n't accept the government does not automatically mean that the government is good and the media is bad . 
  you have a choice whether to go or not to . 
  `` tysi\u0105c lat za murzynami '' is pretty much offensive . 
  `` murzyn '' as `` illegal shady worker '' is also quite offensive . 
  actually , there is also a possibility of you being wrong on at least one major issue . 
  not sure if you had considered it . 
  at this point ? 
  27 years after the end of communism ? 
  does anyone above 50 care at that ? 
  i 'd rather start going after the oligarchs regardless of whether they were in pzpr , solidarity or business center club and check whether they 're live in poland or in cyprus . 
  as for tupolev - funny , but the plane is not a holy relic . 
  we should not treat it as such , and use normal diplomatic methods of retrieval with russia . 
  and it 's not just about public media - it 's about all media . 
  po attacked wprost when they revealed they were spying on the government - pis might do similar things , but they will act , not react . 
  personally , i believe in public media that are informative ( esp . 
  about natural disasters and politics ) and maybe educational . 
  pis will not fix the ` mission ' of tvp , they will start firing anyone that questions them . 
  pis in the previous election was about decomunisation ( and they will assault media not faithful for them ) and now they 're all about the holy smole\u0144sk mission ; it 's not `` just for now '' , they really have further plans to seize more power . 
  that 's how constitutional tribunal works . 
  you need to take the new law and take it to the tribunal , but if you do n't , it 's assumed to be constitutional . 
  that 's why po managed to pull off a lot of shit they did , and why pis can control tribunal simply by issuing a new law on tribunal . 
  i was referring to zlew not po , if you ca n't read my comments , do n't bother answering them . 
   you say that it is the end of democracy when did i say that ? 
  when did i say that ? 
  when did i say that ? 
   i could talk about this topic for hours , you all are just blinded , your hatred of pis and kaczynski blinds you . 
  when did i say i hate pis ? 
  your delusion that everyone hates you does n't help your case . 
  and smart people vote the right way , which is coincidentally your way ? 
  he still said `` dor\u017cniemy watah\u0119 '' , or called the president `` cham '' . 
  i do n't want such people to represent me in europe and in the world . 
  you do n't really understand the division of powers , do you ? 
  if there 's a suspicion of a law being nonconstitutional , it has to be given to the ct - it 's not the same whether po liked it . 
  now the tribunal will have to be staffed by the pis people . 
  if there 's a suspicion of the law being unconstitional it will go to constitutional court - and now it 'll be staffed by pis followers . 
  do you mean kukiz ? 
  they 're a broad coalition of people willing to overthrow the system , and they include actual nationalists . 
    and further the court rule modifications gives the majority power a period where their new laws can go legally uncontested ? 
  their plan was to change the constitution , but even with far-right kukiz they do n't have the constitutional majority , so they will simply rule by new laws . 
   is this the beginning of the process to invite `` ally '' military force without authorisation of polish government to poland . 
  this is what far right actually believes . 
   bring out our domestic issues abroad , eg . 
  to the european comission , since when europe counts as abroad ? 
  we 're members of the eu . 
  [ what ? 
  no , actually , all i 'm saying that pis and po are both crude and stupid - and we should n't call out pis just for having idiots like prof. paw\u0142owicz . 
  i think a minister of a large european country should be more cultured , especially if they 're a professional diplomat . 
   i agree . 
  most of the poles are right wing christians . 
  most of poles belong to the catholic church and claim to be conservative , but they support many left-wing ideas , not even knowing that they 're left wing . 
  many people would say that they 'd be for high taxes if that meant improvements in healthcare or education ... but being ' a socialist ' ? 
   the left the left never had control over poland , the previous govt was centre right , and the so-called united left is conservative and business friendly . 
  just an example of language sikorski uses . 
  https://pl.wikiquote.org/wiki/donald_tusk i think that entire page suffices . 
  and for example sikorski 's famous `` dor\u017cniemy watah\u0119 '' or `` zrobili\u015bmy loda amerykanom '' ... 
  so did po - calling their opponents monsters , bolsheviks and negroes . 
  let 's not demonize them . 
  it was published only after 1989 . 
  are you going to resettle them ? 
  i know poles are n't used to ghettos , but sadly one ca n't get rid of them easily . 
   it was a spontaneous act of humility and penance on behalf of germany towards the victims of the warsaw ghetto uprising , but later became a symbol of healing and reconciliation between the two states . 
  some of my friends say `` he knelt in front of the wrong monument '' . 
  that gesture was not widely known in poland , was n't publicised in polish communist media , and many people would say that it was a gesture towards polish jews , not ethnic poles . 
   do you have english sources for that ? 
  to simplify : po has changed the way of electing constitutional tribunal . 
  no one questioned that then , but the tribunal has deemed it partially unconstitutional now . 
  pis has decided to overturn po decision , and decided not to allow po judges into constitutional tribunal . 
  the tribunal did not allow that . 
  pis has made a new law allowing them to change the tribunal . 
  the tribunal protested that , but kaczynski pushed the law through senate now . 
  they let half the europe to starve anyway . 
   anyway i have no problem with people who want to live , work and assimiliate with polish culture . 
  and if they do n't ? 
  would you become british if living in london ? 
  also it has a massive red pig on it . 
  red = communist . 
  pig = well , communist . 
  maybe some anti-semitic or anti-goyim subtext . 
  why would they import them ? 
  they 're not important for the planned economy . 
  if in a socialist country people want bananas , so what ? 
  the economy is not governed by the law of demand - someone would simply buy away the entire cargo of bananas and speculate them on black market . 
  that 's nothing . 
  there were times when the bicycles had to have their own numbers and registration booklets , so that the police would have something to check . 
  i live in eastern poland which has some orthodox people . 
  i can imagine a very religious orthodox person who does n't want to `` diminish '' saint nicholas , who is a very important figure in orthodoxy , and so chooses to tell their children about grandfather frost . 
   it does n't matter if it 's in a big newspaper , because maybe no one else shares this view besides the author . 
  ...  and of the author is indeed paid by now-opposition gw then it 's obvious he 's going to represent their interest . 
  this is washington post - not some `` evil german left-wing tabloid '' , but one of major us newspapers . 
  really ? 
  then explain all the shitstorm in the recent months . 
   also , the previous government ( just like all other governments in history ) ignored political minorities that 's not true actually , po allowed for partisanship and independent commitees in the parliament , like famous `` group to combat atheism in poland '' . 
  using my holmesian powers of deduction , i figure that you have access to a computer .
