  i 've never supported pis ( though they are lesser evil than po ) . 
  i am a leftist in the small razem party , and i reject both pis and po propaganda . 
  when was the last time you 've been to poland ? 
  i live here , i see what 's happening , i do n't believe the lying po media . 
   did it cross your mind that without eu the polish state would be poorer therefore less able to provide free education and healthcare ? 
  that 's unlikely . 
  russia has similar gdp per capita , i 've been to belarus and i have n't seen any dissent ( in many areas life is better there ) . 
  without the eu we would n't have foreign companies draining our workforce and not paying taxes . 
  who knows , perhaps we would be better off . 
   is it a coincidence that all the areas you mentioned have been improving since 2004 ? 
  they have n't . 
  healthcare standards are still low , the wages of doctors and especially nurses stagnate , and the education is a dismal failure . 
  they would n't be working menial jobs for foreign masters , instead they 'd stay here and improve the country that gave them free education , free healthcare and free protection . 
  really ? 
  i know plenty of people who have multiple degrees and washed the dishes in curry shops in london . 
  just come to a random brothel , 80 % of girls working there are allegedly from eastern europe . 
  eu reduced us to plumbers and prostitutes . 
  capitalism proved to be at the very least as flawed as communism ever was . 
  also quite well for switzerland . 
  i 'd gladly vote for that . 
   factories being bought is called capitalism . 
  that 's the way the world works . 
  if you do n't like it , bring back your communism . 
  people die in syria . 
  that 's the way the world works . 
  if you do n't like it , bring back your islam . 
   russia is the country that controlled you for centuries until the ussr collapsed . 
  that control left you years behind the west , which in turn has left you reliant on us now . 
  amazing , is n't it , how poland ** has to ** be controlled by the germans , russians , nazis and communists and now by the enlightened eu . 
  has it ever occured to you that poland might be ruled by the real actual polish people for a change ? 
   as for european help , if you do n't want it , leave . 
  your country is a failure and that 's not our responsibility poland is a failure because of the west . 
  you come here , buy our industry and farmland , take our jobs and reduce our men to servants and plumbers , and our women to prostitutes . 
  should i lick your boots clean to show my gratitude ? 
   the uk has nothing todo with polands issues . 
  i seem to recall polish factories being bought for pennies by such companies like cadbury among other . 
   see russia about that . 
  same russia that is presented as # 1 enemy of nato ? 
   meanwhile your country is the biggest beneficiary of the eu , funded by western countries including the u.k. 
  yes , i just love the shiny new aquapark . 
  i 'd love to have a fucking job to go there some time , pity that the entrance costs 1/20 of my monthly income . 
   so while you 're enjoying our charity , please quit your bitching . 
  charity to serve as toilet cleaner for european master race . 
  bitching . 
  how dare we . 
  how dare we want to be treated as fucking human beings . 
  yeah , no . 
  for the past 30 years i have been told that there are bigger problems than unemployment , crime rate , rise of neo-nazism , political corruption . 
  why should i be quiet and keep silent about problems of poland caused by uk and the west ? 
  implying that brits do n't profit from the global neoliberal new world order . 
  i am trying to help . 
  i should do more , true . 
   or since all the people who committed those crimes died decades ago , calm down yes , because everything in my country is fine and dandy now . 
  of course . 
  because unlike you i was born in a country that was actually a victim of an imperialism and i tend , you know , empathise with the fellow victims like a normal human being . 
  so the crisis in 2008 is to blame for polish companies selling factories to western conglomerates for 1 % of their value , privatization of healthcare and policy of cheap labour costs . 
  good to know . 
  does it invalidate your imperialism and genocide ? 
  25 years of laissez-faire policies and hard right neoliberalism is happening . 
  because poles are fucking doormats . 
  licking butts of germans , jews , austrians , prussians , russians , nazis , soviets and now germans , eu , and americans . 
  sikorski had proudly stated that we suck america 's cock and have nothing because of it -- but pis has n't changed a little bit . 
  polish political class has always been willing to demean and sell hard-working polish people into real or virtual slavery . 
  they do n't care about the plight of polish immigrants abroad , they only care how to stuff their pockets , whether for $ or for gbp . 
  while the perfidious albion murders polish migrants , pis celebrates `` great victory '' . 
  a nation that does n't care about their future does n't deserve to exist . 
  better in what exactly ? 
  free press ? 
  this whole discussion is centered around the fact that press is n't free . 
   there is nothing worth a damn in poland in the state companies there 's plenty of good ideas in polish state education and transport , but poles are taught to hate and distrust publically-owned companies . 
   what to say about german politics except that 's not what happened . 
   please tell me if you know an example of a politician from germany ever slip of the tongue ? 
  please tell me if pis ever laughed at polish politicians over slip of the tongue ... 
  especially when acting in official capacity and referring to his ministerial duties . 
  pis is courting kukiz ' fascists hoping to turn them into polish jobbik , to make sure that the alternative to pis is worse . 
  the problem is that pis is dependent on the polish church , and some of its leaders are actually closer to onr than pis would like . 
   given that poland has somehow decided that russification is somehow a good idea , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  of course it is n't . 
  it will end up with a stalemate at best and he will have an argument that `` a vast part of society does not support liberal secular values '' . 
  unlike the fact his media empire perpetrated or ... 
  so he said `` there is something going on and it 's not good '' . 
  anyone can say vague things , that does n't make him right . 
  i am not belgian but i bet that molenbeek has a long history of being a problem . 
   there is something going on and it 's not good it 's amazing how he managed to predict brussels bombing with these words !, 
  i 've worked with a lot of polish internet start ups ... and i do n't want to anymore . 
  they take eu money to produce innovative products like `` mixxt.pl '' or `` polish uber '' . 
  one company i only heard of used the eu grants to buy a car for the company owner ... and since he could n't drive , the first steady job contract went to the driver , while the other workers still were hired on temp contracts . 
  eu and its funding is a waste of taxpayers ' money . 
  where are the borders of soviet union ? 
  wherever the soviet union wants them to be !, 
   i thought nationalistic tendencies were kinda like being nazis ? 
  that 's because you 're a dumb troll who ca n't logic . 
  europe came to visit us over 70 years ago ... 
  it was n't pretty . 
   before the germans came we flourished in poland and poles were our compatriots . 
  not really . 
  look what the pis people are saying . 
  some of them want to restore the death penalty for tusk . 
  germans , the innocent victims of being badmouthed . 
  he has managed to get out of them as thanks for supporting fuehrerin merkel ... so very .
