   most concentration camps were in poland ? 
  they were not . 
  in fact , most of the concentration camps were located in germany proper ( altreich ) and austria . 
  you 're confusing concentration camp ( most of which were prison and/or forced labor camps ) with an extermination camp , whose main purpose was to kill . 
  death camps were not located in poland , since without help from allies , poland was split between germany , with some lands incorporated into iiird reich , and some creating the so-called general-government - and russia creating western belarus . 
  even the name `` poland '' was banned once again . 
  the most infamous camp called auschwitz was initially built to hold polish prisoners - it would be hard to do it outside of poland 's borders . 
   they were indeed run by poles ? 
  they were , in fact , not . 
  they were run to murder poles . 
  they were ran by ss which had expressly forbidden sub-humans to join it . 
  no pole could even be in ss . 
  be\u0142\u017cec - ran by gottlieb hering , ss captain . 
  che\u0142mno - ran by herbert lange , ss major sobibor - ran by ss captain franz reichleitner treblinka and majdanek - ran by a lot of germans , all in ss-totenkopf  you know that denying war crimes is itself a crime right ? 
  please report yourself to your local parquet immediately . 
   the third , both france and britain , declared war upon germany . 
  and then did exactly as much as they did for the czechs . 
  not even lift a finger . 
  when the polish government sent them plans of german tactics , the french disregarded them . 
  the britons at least had the sense to use the polish work to decode enigma , a couple of years later in the war . 
  and after the war they charged poland with a bill for using the airfields , we 're still paying it to this day . 
   economic growth growth is a poor measure of life standards . 
  if you put a peasant on a tractor , his life might not change much but his production skyrockets . 
   it is better off than its neighbors it 's not . 
  life standards is comparable with belarus , russia and ukraine . 
   subsidies that were efficient the subsidies helped build football stadiums and aquaparks in district with massive unemployment . 
  i would n't call it efficient . 
   poland growth have been stronger than expected . 
  and it benefits chiefly europeans . 
   and 300 $ a month is not that bad for your cost of living , you could be worse off . 
  yes . 
  i have health insurance . 
  unlike one out of four people my age working without any social security . 
   one of my friend lived with a higher standard of living with 400 $ in poznan last year as an *** exchange student *** for what he would have paid 1000 $ in france . 
  you do know that if he wanted to buy a new car , a flat or a computer he 'd have to pay the western prices ? 
  a pole is good european as long as he eats potatoes and works for us , that 's your eu ideology . 
  oh , ok . you 're just a neo-nazi propagandist . 
  somehow 50 thousand of polish soldiers managed . 
  what does it have to do with `` economic miracle '' . 
  and what exactly is it , asked a guy working for minimal wages or 300 euro per month . 
   and how many polish soldiers died in france ? 
  about four thousand . 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/arm%c3%a9e_polonaise_de_l%27ouest https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/poche_de_falaise but i understand , these people do n't mean anything , they were just dirty polish plumbers . 
  so france was okay to give czechoslovakia to germans while poland was a war criminal for wanting to protect poles from the germans ? 
   we all know what happened in wwii . 
  thanks for pissing on french 's soldiers graves . 
  how many french soldiers fought in poland ? 
  how many wwii french soldiers ' graves are there in poland ? 
  what did france do for poland in wwii ? 
   huge subsidies from the eu for years that have practically helped build your `` economic miracle '' . 
  what ? 
   we 've never been at peace here ever since our existence apart from the last ~ 60 years . 
   there 's a war in ukraine going in right now , and when i was growing up serbs were shooting croatian kids just like me . 
    i 'm just waiting until pis and fidesz have a tussle to see who is the big man in the partnership . 
  uh , what ? 
  kaczynski has already given the reigns of the bloc to orban , he is n't interested . 
  orban presents himself as the ` voice of reason ' , while waszczykowski , kaczynski 's foreign minister has been acting like a lunatic from day one . 
   poland is not some catholic version of shariah , women 's rights are actually comparable to iran 's . 
  it is in general possible for two major issues to rise up in the same time . 
   never met a guy who 'd call someone a virgin who would n't also rape a child . 
   you keep interesting company . 
  funny that 's the first thing that comes to your mind . 
  i can open a lot more than books , unlike you . 
  if for you marriage is just a baby making historical institution , then yes , you never had a friend you wanted to be close with . 
  moderates ruled here for 8 years , they did nothing to decriminalise abortion . 
  actually this new law will make it a crime ; and assisting it , including driving your daughter to czech republic will be considered a crime as well . 
   regarding poland , no idea when they did something good the last time . 
   well , they were the first party in about 16 years to introduce any social family benefits at all . 
   marriage is a religious bond with one purpose - children . 
  you have clearly never scored . 
  yes , that is their agenda . 
  they had two main goals : 1 ) to destroy liberals and communists , which in practice means everyone not from pis and 2 ) make poland less westernized and secular . 
  and a third goal appeared : 3 ) prove that it was the previous government that organised smole\u0144sk disaster . 
  that is their express purpose and they proudly prononuce it . 
   pis is n't in coalition with anyone . 
  they have the majority themselves . 
   he has succesfully courted kukiz and his nazi cronies , just to secure his majority in case a couple of his mps defect . 
  they had voted for a total ban when they were in opposition , almost overwhemingly so , including the current pm . 
  getting ignored and later shot does n't . 
   many people still enjoy video games despite having `` grown up '' . 
  yes , this is a problem with the current world , we have too many manchildren . 
  do we really have no one else to celebrate ? 
  i 'm a grown man , i do n't play video games anymore . 
  they 're the same thing . 
  lol , initially they smuggled computers from czech republic without paying taxes , sure they got big . 
  i thought ` hero ' implies having achieved something . 
  god , how shitty my country could get ? 
  other countries have at least real heroes to put on stamps , poland promotes itself with a video game for retards . 
  totalitarian soviet union politicized everything , including trade . 
   states found that if their citizens do you think ` country ' and ` nation ' are two separate things ? 
  who will feed this army ? 
  who will station it ? 
  who will control it ? 
  what guarantee do we have that the european army wo n't attack europeans ? 
   this tribunal was created by communist general on demand of `` solidarity '', 
   ineffective , dangerously powerful bureaucracy of non-elected officials they 're pretty much quite effective , as the development of eastern europe shows , it 's not the eu that allows shoot a scotsman with bow and arrow , and european parliament is directly elected unlike half of british one . 
  sooner or later a pole will take up a gun , some explosives or a car and protest violently . 
   the same as in any country the vast majority of the work force is unskilled and uneducated . 
  by definition 50 % of people have average education , yet britons kill and attack poles that have been living there for years . 
  if you did n't want racist shitbags to win , why did you vote the way racist shitbags wanted ?
