  the fact that he ditched poland for a useless post in the eu proves it enough i think . 
  implying that it ever had it . 
  it was going to be overwhelmed by the west . 
  the fact remains that tusk 's entire career shows that he despises poland and the polish people . 
    on another occasion he took a catholic wedding before an election with his wife ( they had a civil one many years earlier ) even tho he was n't much of a catholic earlier . 
  who the fuck are you to judge what is catholic and what is n't ? 
   , it was made a target of a smear campaign surely , it was not thanks to his disastrous clownish decisions , slavish loyalty to merkel or constant lying , it was the evil genius kaczynski that done it . 
  and tusks actions show that he respects poland and the polish people ... 
  likev what ? 
  thev national tv ? 
  thev horse farms ? 
  would you trust a leader that says that being polish is abnormal ? 
  tusk is a spineless thief , a european rather than pole ( or kashubian ) , utterly loyal to merkel and her reich . 
   when you do n't like your work or your wage how about you do something about it or at least blame your own god-damn government ?!, 
  i 'm blaming the government of germany which thanks to eu controls my country . 
  `` stop whining , get to work '' - work as much as you can , you have no right to complain because we gracefully allowed you to work for us below minimal wage . 
   the civilians that died during that action were an unfortunate collateral damage . 
  they were people murdered for no reason . 
   poland had no trouble being included in discussions between states under po . 
   wrong , poland was ignored with the negotiation vis-a-vis nordstream or ukraine , but of course po was just * so much * respectful than pis . 
  your argument is still : `` i have more money than you , so i 'm better . '', 
  and you will still have more money , unless i 'll work 32 h per day . 
  then why even bother if poles are always going to be poor ? 
  why obey german wishes ? 
  that everyone is a sociopath . 
  i never voted for pis , i 'm in fact in socialist-democratic razem . 
  get a grip , drop the persecution complex , do n't blame others for your personal misfortunes . 
  having a persecution complex is pretty understandable if you 're the one being persecuted . 
  why does a teacher in berlin earn 3000 $ and a teacher in warsaw 530 $ ? 
  but sure , these are my personal problems , i should have been born in germany . 
  and poland is as usual excluded . 
  fuck you too . 
  helping a country that was occupying parts of poland against one we had non-aggression treaty with ? 
   nobody cared that somebody died in sea are n't you a good pole . 
  stop behaving like your country matters or you 'll be like solewanderer , hear that kids ? 
   one can only sadly accept the fact that some people are hopelessly stuck in the 19 . century . 
  were poles persecuted in the 18th century ? 
  yes . 
  were they allowed to defend themselves ? 
  are poles persecuted now ? 
  yes . 
  can they defend themselves ? 
  that depends entirely on the grace of our german overlords . 
  there are no words to describe how much i hate germans . 
  they never acknowledge that they might be wrong , that other nations might be actual people , that perhaps their social paradise is at the cost of natiponal feelings that they have crushed for centuries . 
  why do you hate me so ?!, 
   stop the nationalism why ? 
  so hm , despite main polish dailies routinely ( ! ), 
  reporting on persecution of polish parents in germany , it 's just a legend . 
  fair enough . 
  the fact is that the korwins are actually often bronies ( although monster high is becoming more popular ) and will of course never fuck . 
  what about them ? 
  you elected the government who set a 50 % treshold for the referendum and is acting to leave , you voted for nigel farage constantly in the europarliament . 
  take some responsibility for what your country is doing . 
   as for parents today being forbidden to speak polish - that 's pure fantasy . 
   i doubt poland would annex zaolzie , should hitler not grab sudetenland . 
  maybe . 
  the alternative was to give the polish majority living there to third reich . 
  kuce are the stereotypical internet libertarians , they 're called that because they never get laid and wank to mlp . 
  how can i afford to be tolerant of opressors if i 'm being opressed ? 
   the people i work with cherish poland , and say we are very smart for living slower , less stressful life than in the west . 
  one guy said that first 5 years of working in poland was like vacation , after working in other parts of the world , for him . 
  at the same time we deliver quality that competes with western products in the same business . 
  so they see poles only as workers ... this sounds familiar . 
  ask them about polish writers or musicians . 
  i do n't . 
  i have a big problem with people who think they 're better than me . 
  especially if they think that because i 'm polish and they 're western . 
  is n't the anti-polish sentiment still strong though ? 
  let 's assume i want to be a polish quisling , i come to germans and tell them that i want to run things . 
  why a subhuman would be allowed to run things , and why other poles would listen to me ? 
  the area that 's today 's germany was historically slavic , even the name berlin comes from polish . 
  so now you 're getting austria , netherlands and switzerland . 
  way to move the goalposts . 
  because belgians were n't supposed to be exterminated . 
  the herrenvolk did n't want to collaborate with poles , you wanted to kill us . 
   changing attitude does n't take wage , it only takes finding someone around where you live , who speak other language than you . 
  i speak english , german , i learn russian and esperanto , i 've been working in various odd jobs , and recently i 've started work as an esl teacher . 
  a month ago i 've been helping jewish volunteers to restore the jewish cementary in bia\u0142ystok ( i 'm a member of the razem party ) . 
  this did nothing to dissuade my suspicion towards the western europeans and if anything made me dislike them more . 
  are n't english germanic ? 
  does n't mister farage have a german wife ? 
  you think that these things do n't happen in germany ? 
  before which war ? 
  before wwi there was no poland , before 1871 there was no germany . 
   no one is beating up on us at the moment . 
  tell it to mr arek jozwik . 
  oh wait , you ca n't . 
   you really need to get out from under your rock . 
  pay me more than minimal wage and maybe i will . 
  that the poles instead of taking justice on german collaborators instead chose to attack polish jews, 
    also , when you reciprocate injustice with injustice , you lose the right to call yourself a victim or indeed just . 
  so we should just allow the others to constantly beat up on us ? 
  why are n't we allowed to speak up and protest , why do we have to constantly be the victims of europe ? 
  if germany was so rich before wwii , how come hitler got to power ? 
  i thought that he got elected thanks to dissatisfaction , and revitalised the german economy thanks to anschluss of austria and czechoslovakia and conquest of poland . 
   and their `` rebirth '' post-ww2 was due to strong organizational culture , the foreign aid was just a bonus . 
  not to mention low economic contributions and constant protection by the us military ... 
  oh , you mean brainwashed bronies who consider national socialism a brand of socialism ? 
   we have a lot to do in terms of educating our society about our own mistakes .
