  aaaand we hit godwin . 
  what ? 
  have you been living under the rock ? 
  plenty of people do pretest, 
  sure , to get drunk and throw up . 
  why even go to poland . 
  i am a member of left-wing razem party and i participate in kod protests . 
  why do you think i would be talking about problems and not try to fix them ? 
  in the meantime millions of people lost their jobs and factories bankrupted , while foreign capital is taking over the country . 
  so far 5 % of the country emigrated to the western europe , and european union does not consider poland an equal partner ( ukraine , nordstream ) . 
  around 17 % of poles lives beneath poverty line , and the right-wing liberal government of po did nothing to help , closing schools and libraries , privatizing healthcare while in the meantime building massive useless stadions for criminals for billions of zlotys . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that some people do believe that . 
  what did they accomplished , please enlighten me ? 
  growing national debt ? 
  ramping emigration and brain drain ? 
  raising retirement age ? 
  13 % unemployment ? 
  raising taxes ? 
  corruption ? 
  basically total abolition of workers ' rights ? 
  zhirinovsky 's party has 8 % of the votes ; out of every 12 russians one agrees with him . 
   those are the things common eu citizent usually never heard off . 
  common ** western ** eu citizen . 
  despite being in the opposition and actually protesting against pis , i think this article is very one-sided and unfair , with a major dose of patronizing . 
   ruling law and justice party effectively set itself above the law in its march to authoritarian rule , ignoring all appeals , warnings and formal opinions from the united states , the european union , international human rights organizations and its own opposition . 
   jaroslaw kaczynski , the party 's leader and the power behind the government 's nationalist , conservative agenda , actually compared the foreign appeals to soviet intervention of the communist era . 
  it does n't work this way . 
  you ca n't tell a nation that has historically been defined by its drive towards sovereignty that it has to follow your directives ( indeed , that does smell of advisors from moscow ) while simultaneously denouncing it for being ` nationalist ' . 
  so you actually assume that your aggressive behavior will be treated in foreign countries as leniently as in yours ? 
  are they seriously blaming putin for the refugee crisis ? 
  as it tusk was n't a loyal servant of merkel . 
   it 's the darndest thing . 
  these are the most active and vitriolic pro-russian , anti-latvian `` activists '' here - and they 're all jews !, 
   you know , it 's really hard to find people born , say , east of elbe , who do n't have some kind of jewish heritage . 
   `` but only 28 % of american voters supported him guys ! '', 
  under an article about something obama says ? 
  wow . 
  obama was supported by 61 % of the voters . 
  out of 558 people who actually , you know , vote in the us . 
  why do you compare the weird electoral college system ( that elects 1 man to a single post ) to the d'hondt method we have in poland which favors large groups over small ones ? 
  but of course it 's the `` lefty media '' who are manipulating . 
   poland threw out its socialist rulers 27 years ago , and a communist resurgence today is about as likely as another german invasion . 
  yeah ... except that they continue to rule as captains of industry and they 're constantly present in politics . 
  who wrote this shit ? 
  except that the real west turned out to be as bad as the real east , while still maintaining it 's better and demanding obedience . 
   we have n't had a firm law in poland yet what do you mean ? 
  the fact that now we have two sources of law in poland is n't a crisis ? 
  at this point a lot of people could now say `` well , i acted in accordance with the constitution , not with the government '' or vice versa . 
  democracy is really great as long as the correct candidates keep winning . 
    but yeah , we are the baddies now , ruining our wonderfull democration and what not : ( old communists from po . 
   nazi germany was defeated . 
  by the ussr . 
  author : anne applebaum and everything 's clearer now . 
   , the mindset of change to harden poland against russian influence was the russian influence good for poland before ? 
   we have 2016 so what ? 
  that does n't mean that murderous criminals wo n't be held responsible for crimes against the polish nation . 
   that the loyalty of the military is being questioned because of their background in the soviet era ( very unusual ) . 
  that is one of reasons why pis wanted power - top brass of polish intelligence ( and allegedly many politicians including the former president komorowski ) were trained by and loyal to russian intelligence . 
  granted , the most publicized book to make this allegation was found out to be plagiarized from raymond chandler , among other things . 
  is china even nominally a multi-oarty democracy with freedom of speech and information ? 
  there should be no hero worship in poland . 
  everyone has their flaws and mistakes and should be judged for these , and forced to either be punished for these or fix it . 
  we should discuss whether walesa was controlled by the russians as much as we should admit that john paul ii was silencing pedophilia accusations . 
  symbols mean nothing when millions of poles go on abused and hungry . 
   some random guardian journalist attempts to describe various events that were happening in poland . 
  doing so in a way deserving no other name than `` propaganda '' . 
  people trying to describe events = propaganda . 
   no , it is simply stating opinions from advisers to the council of europe . 
  opinions are not facts . 
   the article reports on an opinion on an organ of council of europe devoted to rule by law and democracy composed of acknowledged experts on international and constitutional law . 
  their opinions should at least be considered and not easily dismissed as propaganda by random anons . 
  this is how courting far right ends . 
  both the previous po and current ( pis ) governments has tried to forge an alliance with nationalist and far-right organizations , permitting the anti-semitic and racist marches and protests , and as a result they feel stronger and untouchable . 
  suicide by anti-terrorists ? 
  `` volunteer '', 
   i guess it 's nice to see the right-wing take it as a given that freedom of the media , the constitution , and human rights are endangered by their ideology ? 
  that is what op ( a firm supporter of general franco , for instance ) has meant . 
  maybe not . 
  his disastrous presidency was however much more harmful . 
  this is getting more and more ridiculous . 
  kod turns out to simply relive their youth , thinking that pis is the same as communists , and protesting for the sake of protesting . 
   if all you know is how to elbow your way through to getting elected you 're pretty incompetent for everything else . 
  `` let 's elect a professional businessman as president , after all running a state is like running a business ! '', 
  the only way to fix my country is to point out her flaws . 
   rightfully deserved six figure job . 
  how about a job contract and health insurance ? 
  you can always change your job and take a credit , right ? 
  so if you ca n't afford education or start your own company , you should blame only yourself . 
   the poles here on / r/europe are supposed to be the more tolerant , clear minded ones , what, 
  and why is it buttfuck ? 
  what makes you think it does ? 
  are all europeans alike ? 
  with all due respect , it was always either war or fear of war . 
  the european culture is a myth , wishful thinking of people who dream of power and fame . 
  the european elites - like eco himself - belong to a different world than an average worker . 
  if a european union has to flourish it should be an union of ordinary people not of students and academics . 
  he says there 's no disparity between lisbon and warsaw . 
  perhaps . 
  but there is a massive disparity between , say , ramsgate and bielsk podlaski . 
  that go for aquaparks and highways while schools and hospitals for example continue to be underinvested .
