  theoretically ; however this does not mean that axel springer is dictating what the polish media are printing , and `` most of polish commercial media '' means also pani domu , komputer \u015awiat or g\u0142os chrzanowa dolnego - magazines or local dailies . 
   media created image that being pro-pis makes you look like coming from poor , rural areas , being ultra-catholic , stupid and clueless about pillars of democracy . 
  ` makes you look ' - is being from poor rural areas is something you should be afraid of ? 
  is being a catholic from a small village something wrong ? 
  but these people do vote for pis . 
   truth is that anti-pis was in power for 8 years , constantly bashing pis which was in opposition , still somehow having 95 % of friendliness in both commercial and public media coverage . 
  and yet po lost . 
  amazing . 
   former government is playing dirty by making unrest , protests and giving poland bad image abroad and pis government is playing dirty by seizing all power against constitution and fighting judges who were elected by anti-pis and today are more like politician themselves . 
  there are people in kod who did not participate in the former government . 
  i know people from razem who joined in ( but did not support kod because it was supposed to be apolitical ) . 
  furthermore , all kod does is demonstrating their opposition ( which is why it 's a failure ) - they did n't even work on `` unrest '' . 
   washington post 's member of editorial board is anne applebaum , pulitzer prize-winning author who is married to radek sikorski - prominent polish politician and former minister of foreign affairs in tusk 's anti-pis government . 
  except that sikorski was also a pis member , and was ousted by po , most notably schetyna . 
   i 'm polish 30yo , living in city , working in it , non-catholic , non-patriotic , non-leftist . 
  i hate all politics . 
  sadly even if you 're not interested in politics , politics will be interested in you . 
  if you 're educated for taxpayers ' money , enjoy stability and peace , you should take interest in your country . 
  if you call all politicians ` mafia ' , why do n't you run yourself ? 
   except those parties and governments are the ones that leave your people in poverty and steal money from the government . 
  the alternatives also did this . 
  orban got to power because socialists basically admitted that they lied to the country for years . 
  the crux of existence of pis is the mythical `` uk\u0142ad '' - the liberal wing of solidarity ( not exactly po ) making a deal with communists to monopolize polish politics ( uk\u0142ad ) , intellectuals and press ( salon ) and the economy ( oligarchs ) . 
  therefore , if you have participated in polish politics outside pis , published in media not owned by pis , or own a business that does not support pis you are in cahoots with ex communists and are therefore a leftist . 
  i was having my student practices at tvp at the time , farfa\u0142 was an ex-neonazi from m\u0142odzie\u017c wszechpolska who got sworn in by pis/lpr coalition and he stayed there for a long time . 
  razem and nowoczesna are the only parties that respect european solidarity , yes . 
  so should i wait until more houses of my compatriots are burned down ? 
  really , when was the last time i trolled ? 
  ask them how should victims of such attacks react . 
  i do n't believe that bending over and being a good little european is the polish way . 
  that 's right , only the brits can insult others !, 
   it 's that they tend to be lazy sure , people do n't work because they 're lazy . 
  it 's like i 'm hearing a 19th century aristocrat . 
   exactly 0 polish people have been deported as a result of the referendum . 
  yet . 
  in a couple of months article 50 will be invoked and the poles will have 2 years to move away . 
   also , remember that 48 % voted remain , and you 're lumping those 48 % with the 52 % that voted leave ? 
  over 15 million people ? 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  is n't it great ? 
  my dad was once working in america in the 80s , he was asked `` if you do n't like this government , why do n't you elect another . '' . 
  same with britons - only your democracy is not a sham . 
  that 's how human mind works , right ? 
  the current events ( and the european and global history ) have created in my mind a conviction : british = = racist . 
  it 's up to britons to convince me otherwise . 
   if i went to university , studied my ass off , got a good job and worked hard all my life , should i then have to give half of my wealth to some slack on benefits ? 
  ... do you honestly think that socialism means that a man will come to your house and live off your money ? 
  or maybe if you went to a state-sponsored university , you should give some money back to society , so that `` slacks on benefits '' could take an evening course and stop being on benefits ? 
   the vast majority of people have nothing against polish people . 
  and yet , the majority voted to throw the polish out of the country . 
  i 've never claimed to be a genius . 
  they judge me based on polish migrants , why ca n't i judge them back ? 
  why would n't i ? 
  i tried being politically correct and i 've gained nothing , while these would-be arsonists won the election and will get away with it with a slap on the wrist . 
   you should bail out back to poland or become brit , that 's they solution they want , innit ? 
  so when someone calls me vermin i should bow down ? 
  again , these `` morons '' decided that all polish people must leave home because they steal jobs . 
  why should i be better than them ? 
  so attacking innocent people is an `` opinion '' now ? 
  in general , yes , if you allow thugs like that to attack innocent people , you share some of the blame . 
  not really , anything is justified as long as you defend your nation from the agressors . 
  being left-wing also means that the exploited stand together against the exploiters . 
  the poor vs. the rich , if you want me to be simplistic . 
  these are the same people - they live in the same country , share a culture , past and background . 
  again , if they want to burn my house , should i give them flowers ? 
  who says i 'm a racist ? 
  if british people attack me , why ca n't i defend myself ? 
  i am serious . 
  if history taught me anything , it 's that hatred and racism are answered only by the equal hatred . 
  so when an angry englishman attacks you with a knife , how would you determine his alignment ? 
  the uk will only benefit from brexit , they 're rich and influential , it 's the weaker ee states that will be hurt by eu falling apart the most . 
  who are encouraged by gaining majority in a recent referendum . 
  the `` leave won , you got 48 hours to pack up '' crowd would n't do it if they lost , innit ? 
  of course it is . 
  it 's in their interest to keep us inferior . 
  yet . 
  oh , now you want to distinguish the good from the bad ? 
  do n't you think it 's a little too late for this ? 
  told you , nothing bad can happen to the western europeans , they always seem to land on their four feet , while the east inevitably bears the brunt of their follies . 
   how about not judging an entire nation based on a tiny percentage of incidents ? 
   there 's a bit too late for that , is n't it ? 
  and it 's not like the leave campaign did n't find out every single misdemeanor by a polish migrant . 
    some of us love you and fight for you . 
  and some do n't . 
   only a complete fucking dipshit would ever attack a polish person for being polish . 
  surprise , turns out that complete dipshits and people who support them are a majority in uk . 
  if i were polish living in britain , i would . 
  you want conflict , you 'll have a conflict . 
  so i should stay silent and bow my head , accepting that the british are allowed to use violence and threats ? 
  why not ? 
  they do it . 
  of course i do , i actively work in razem party which opposes racism and nationalism . 
  i used to think that the brits were our allies , but now i clearly see the truth . 
  they are just like the rest of the west , praising the poles when it 's convenient , and calling us vermin and willing to murder at a drop of the hat . 
  i wo n't forget these attacks , nor will i forgive . 
  i just posted the quote where he says to uproot the poles , and he acted upon them . 
  oh , so you think he did nothing to act upon these words ? 
   while inhumane , you need to explain how they justify the word genocide . 
  the man himself . 
  the same bismarck who advocated genocide of the poles ?
