  anything that 'd involve poland and germany is suspicious in my eyes . 
  these fucking cookie ads . 
  the poor axis states , how you must pity them . 
   jews of today actually profit from the holocaust , due to the fact that they now got their very own country so do the hungarians , poles and czechs . 
  do they profit from wwi ? 
   `` we hate you and accuse you of causing all our problems , why wo n't you give us what we want ?! '', 
  again , two sides to a war , amirite ? 
  it is used in the modern anglophone historiography ... it was simply called rzeczpospolita in poland . 
   pretty good one he has been utterly ineffective in combatting the refugee crisis , and has effectively betrayed poland . 
   got ta stop being mad at some point . 
  `` we occupied your lands for hundred years , murdered six million of compatriots , condemned you to 50 years of being governed by the russians , exploit your economy and own your media ... but we gave your politicians money to build aquaparks !, 
  why do n't you love us ?! '', 
  you mean that donny did n't get an early retirement in brussels for his loyalty , earning 25000 $ ** per month ** ? 
  i must be thinking of someone else then !, 
  well , the joke is that that poland hated germans , and so anything germans did in poland was morally justified . 
  likewise , `` you need two sides for a war '' ( a common saying in germany , i believe ) is ironic because it equates defensive fighting with aggression . 
  soviet watches were the fastest in the world then . 
  i usually am not the one to point out `` but po '' , but basically i feel that the problem is not that pis is anti-german , but po was basically german-controlled . 
  donald tusk had to call angela merkel after each major decision and tell her everything like you do to a priest in the confession booth . 
  pis compared with other options is fairly pro-german as evidenced by the recent meeting between merkel and kaczynski . 
  i do n't see any outright anti-german policies from pis side , what i see is the desire to make reasonable decisions that do n't automatically make poland dependent on german media , industry or economy . 
  of course , pis are idiots independently and make very stupid decisions , but as fair as the german-polish relationship is concerned i ca n't blame them for anything . 
  pretty sure that german soldiers followed the ideology that claimed that everything east of germany is the rightful property of germans . 
   you guys , however , continue to elect populist parties with anti-german undertones . 
  like what ? 
   oh poland , the eternal victim right , because for a war you need two sides . 
  germans might have hated poles , but let 's not forget that poles have hated germans back !, 
  i doubt whether americans or even russians ' goal was to erase the memory of german history and rewrite it . 
   ca n't resist all that free money as i said , this is immoral . 
   please compare the progress made pre 2004 to the progress made afterwards . 
   it 's comparable . 
   is n't the eu 's fault if the national governments are then lazy do n't these governments make the council of europe ? 
  ok , you have convinced me . 
  there are some initiatives that are helpful in the eu , i admit . 
  but i do n't understand whether eu helps much with balancing the divide . 
  well , name one polish company famous in the west . 
   everyone wins except for the taxpayers who have to fund fake hotels or the useless roads , and except for the unemployed bankrupted by the western companies . 
  but who cares about these , right ? 
   humanitarian oh so poland is somalia now . 
  good to know . 
  so you will lend me money so that i could buy things with that money ... 
   the roi is much higher when the people are very poor than when they 're rich . 
  then what 's the roi from a culture center in a small village in eastern poland ? 
   actually you got financial help even a few years after breaking loose from the soviet-bloc . 
  plus trade was opened up more shortly after that , too . 
  it 's the same as with ukraine . 
  really . 
  because i sure as heck remember companies bought for 1 zloty to be driven into ground and bankrupted . 
  such wonderful trade . 
   and is being subjugated to soviet russia for half a century not a similar misfortune as breaking a leg ? 
  you know that in russia the standards of living are very similar to poland , right ? 
  they manage to cope . 
  why ca n't poland ? 
   so you think children or pensioners should get their own food or die ? 
  after all , if they ca n't pay for their own food , what good are they ? 
  oh , so that 's why ca n't the polish state support its own pensioners ? 
  why one out of every 4 polish children starves ? 
  this is what the eu and polish corruption result in . 
   and why would you care , except for knowing it 's true ? 
  i know that westerners do n't understand the idea of honor , but i believe that poland must pay back its debts . 
   [ citation needed ] do you honestly think that once a highway is built it stays pristine and new forever ? 
   do you understand the concept of lending money ? 
  do you understand that we have nothing you might want ? 
   a lot of the progress poland made in the last years for granted before 2004 we also made progress . 
  we also rebuilt poland after wwii without western or russian help . 
   western europe would not look the way it does now , if it was n't for the marshall plan . 
  and that 's why you are puppets of nato and usa . 
   so you basically ask for your farmers to be poorer should n't they try to make their living from farming ? 
  absolutely . 
  1 ) it is immoral . 
  i was taught from the childhood that money needs to be earned . 
  giving is for the beggars and the disabled . 
  2 ) it is fraudulent to pay for investments in poland with german taxpayers ' money . 
  it needs to be done with our own labour or none . 
  if the polish people ca n't pay for their own roads , what good poland is ? 
  3 ) it hooks us on the eu , both in the ideological and in the practical sense . 
  it is a debt we will have to pay back later , and the chances of `` polexit '' are lower . 
  even if we wanted to leave , we 'd be dubbed `` ungrateful '' by the occidentophiles . 
  and of course , maintaining this infrastructure also requires funds beyond these we can muster . 
  4 ) the capitalist system of the eu is geared towards expansion . 
  poland is crucial as a way to expand the european companies to new markets , but also to ukraine , belarus and russia . 
  farmer subsidies are a way to control the significant polish farmside . 
  eastern european corruption . 
  people talk like poland is a great user of eu funds , but in reality things are n't much better . 
  the city green is systematically destroyed , the public transport is being folded ( why run 3 courses when you can state you did , it 's only poors ) , but we need to pretend we love eu . 
  so who is with us ? 
  first of all , what does it have to do with anything ? 
  there 's plenty of europeans ( including poles like august o'brown ) who in the us would sit in the back of the bus . 
  second , slavs are n't white according to the people who care about these things - nazis . 
  in their hierarchy poles were n't human . 
  and finally , the chart is all about values . 
  so , no , your racist beliefs are not only outdated , they 're misapplied as well . 
  what 's so european about poland ? 
  i 'm not saying that germans are behind this ( although you should read up on agency 114 ) . 
  however , in the western media the phrase `` polish death camps '' is way too often encountered . 
  when poland made a law to combat that , we were immediately called nazis . 
  i ca n't say what u/cheekycheetah meant , all i 'm saying is that polish resistance efforts are often lumped with anti-semitism ( like in the series our mothers our fathers and in many american works ) , while very small german voices of defiance are glorified way past their actual significance . 
  were they hung ? 
   remembering the wei\u00dfe rose is done with the intent of putting down poland as the small , noble but ineffective organisations are celebrated , the efforts of other groups that also defied the nazis are ignored . 
  why is that ?
