france - so treacherous that two enemies hate it . 
    that has waned a little in the last years , though . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dflivxhgdn0 sure it did, 
   but there is a memorial to harry s. truman , the murderer of japanese ? 
  in japan ? 
  i doubt it . 
  because surprise , japan is a ( mostly ) independent state , and can decide what monuments are built there now . 
   yeah .2004 was a horror moment for poland . 
   is poland independent now ? 
   those are memorials to fighters against nazi germany . 
  at least in imagination of those russians who build their opinion about poles based on that no , they are memorials to fighters of red army , who were n't saints but soldiers of the state that attacked and occupied poland in 1939 in alliance with the germany . 
  is this not a fact ? 
    but i had the impression france is bad and you 'd rather live under russia , prussia and austria . 
  france could be exactly as bad as germany , you know . 
   france and the british empire were the only ones that actually did anything for you , ever . 
  do you think that help is free ? 
  only they did n't ? 
  and they let us to be gobbled up in 1945 . 
  and gobbled us up in 2004 . 
   a fuckton of french and british died and you got your state . 
  had germany won , you 'd still be part of a great empire . 
  hahaha , no . 
  a fuckton of french and british died for their own states . 
  and the poles worked their ass of to be recognized and turned out to fight russians on our own in the end . 
  let 's be honest for a while - what germans did in poland was n't different at all from what french and brits did in america , africa or india and china . 
  except it 's now the french and the brits who call themselves democratic and paragons of humanity , while we 're just ` gim me gim me gim me ' little subhumans . 
  never forgive !, 
  great . 
  everybody should know various people . 
   except poland is the example of a nation which has repeatedly ceased to exist despite a strong national identity . 
  yes . 
  and mostly thanks to the ideas of ` internationalism ' or ` european unity ' brought by our friendly neighbors . 
   it 's nice to be independent but when you have big neighbours , sometimes it 's better not to antagonise all of them at the same time . 
  what were we thinking , provoking hitler and stalin . 
  i am sure that without poland wwii would have never happened . 
  troll harder . 
   you do n't seem to have a knowledge about anything , so you 're keen on voting for a such a populist and dumbness-gathering party like pis . 
  i have voted on lech kaczynski , and that 's my extent of voting for pis . 
  i 've voted for psl/po more than on any other party . 
    i am in fact in razem  so , in other way pis 2 . 
  yes , because we 're rabid nationalists who want to dismantle the constitution ? 
  razem is a social-democratic party . 
   also is n't razem for taking refugees ? 
  are n't that treates as being a subject to the foreign power ? 
  i never said anything about refugees . 
  in fact , i support taking in refugees just because of humanitarian reasons . 
  he simply ran away from the sinking ship , like any rat does . 
   polish economic success in the situation where the national debt is skyrocketing ( btw against the maastricht treatise ) is this that much of a success ? 
   which pis supporters do n't like because we only have 2 parties in poland . 
  i am in fact in razem . 
  i oppose the pis and po because other way in politics is possible . 
   because they prefer the economy based on coal mining and shipyard engineering as much as i dislike coal mining , i like the idea of polish people having jobs and i know that actually heavy industry and construction are necessary to a modern society despite the neoliberal allegations . 
   not a diverse and modern economy . 
  assembly plants for german cars and eu-funded `` tech start ups '' churning out websites and apps that are `` like tinder but '' is not ` diverse and modern economy ' . 
   they want him in prison , because he modernized poland . 
  i want tusk in prison because he has betrayed poland numerous times being subject to the foreign power , embezzled public money and was probably complicit in numerous affairs . 
  he should go . 
  to prison . 
   you can prop up the shit hole called eastern poland . 
  and when i think reddit ca n't insult me and my ethnic background even further ... 
   poland having people in poverty is the fault of germany . 
  because germans have never hurt poland before . 
  i 'm p. sure that this project will be using computers made in china by illiterate children . 
  nobody ever died from cynicism , but millions have died thanks to misguided idealism . 
  it 's not the tabloids , it 's the leaders of the polish government . 
  donald tusk is not a pole but a kashubian . 
  he is merely a puppet for merkel , which has been proven multiple times . 
  the position of the president of european comission is just a meaningless sinecure he was awarded with for the obedience . 
  the recent elections have shown that poles do not follow european values like democracy , the common good and the rule of law . 
  the solidarity for them is just an empty phrase , used only when they personally benefit . 
   please leave eu and nato . 
  and then we 'd be booed as as the evil eurosceptics . 
   judiging from most internet poles it did not contribute to friendship or mutual understanding , do you really think that eu is about ` friendship ' ? 
  criticizing the government is not `` shitting on the country '' . 
  it is a foreign western power , ask everyone in poland . 
  fair enough , but was britain a member of the democratic eec back then ? 
   the uk 's democracy is undermined within the eu . 
  did n't the democratic uk go to war with the democratic argentine ? 
  haha . 
  no , seriously , what has the eu done in this constitutional crisis so far ? 
  it only managed to insult the polish voters wanting change . 
  you westerners will do nothing , even if kaczynski brings soldiers on streets . 
   democracy and rule of law do help prevent wars hey , you know who was democratically elected ? 
   you may have noticed that , up to about 15 years before then , things in europe were ... more tense than currently ? 
  yes , and look what has changed . 
  nothing . 
  russia still tries to maintain its zone of influence . 
  nato still tries to undermine it . 
   poland started orienting itself towards what would become the eu almost immediately after the fall of the iron curtain . 
  interesting . 
  so regardless of everything , every single polish government since 1989 has supported european integration ? 
  why even have a referendum then ? 
  and if poles are so war-like why did they elect such pro-western politicians anyway , without our great friends from the west ? 
   do you think poland would have been unaffected by a war in western or central europe sometime in the last 70 + years ? 
  what is the warsaw pact ? 
  what is comecon ? 
  amazing , the americans are good and pure , the soviets are embodiment of all that 's evil for you . 
   do you think there would have been peace in western and central europe for the last 70 + years without the economic and political institutions and ties that the eu is the modern incarnation of ? 
  there was also peace in eastern europe , does n't mean that comecon was good . 
  maybe it was good enough for `` us savages '' .
