  because clearly , responsible tax management is the same as killing millions . 
  that 's the dream . 
       think you missed the point . 
  the guy 's saying that the european project is a project based on peace . 
  like it or not , the eu has had a beneficial effect on eastern europe . 
  because before 2004 poles were massacring lithuanians ? 
  are you fucking serious or just patronizing ? 
  if one country is stronger than the other , they 're not in an equal relationship , and as long as they continue to be , one is the oppressor and the other is a victim . 
  opressors always strive to separate themselves from victims , projecting themselves as superior . 
  ( see the jokes about polish concentration camps for example ), 
  is progress about helping people ? 
  or about vanity projects to create an image of great power ? 
  which state is stronger , one that feeds its citizens or one that builds houses on the moon ? 
   we wo n't halt progress to help them any more than we did for the rest of people in history . 
  that sounds familiar , have you been reading comrades marx or lenin ? 
   `` renegotiating '' means you have to ensure that both sides agree in order to be successful . 
  that reminds me of a discussion i once had with a german - for a war you need two sides , he said . 
   although obviously some are less independent than others , depending on the geopolitical `` tier '' of the country . 
  germans are obviously better than poles , but why saying this out loud is wrong ? 
   you objectively can not survive as it is without the money injections that eu does . 
  neither would you be able to protect yourself if you were not part of nato , especially as you are not budgetarily independent . 
  amazing how poland was able to survive for 1050 years without german merciful aid . 
  it is not stating the obvious , you ca n't claim to be a free man while still begging scraps at your masters table . 
  there are poles who want to be free , there are poles content to beg the german herrenvolk for funds . 
   or you could view it from the far more realistic perspective of pertnerships and shared interests , instead dependence . 
  except that it will still be subjugation , regardless of how you 'll call it . 
   what you choose to call it is irrelevant . 
  so you 're admitting that poland is not independent . 
  if the new poland 's government would try to renegotiate this treaty , would it be wrong ? 
   the fact remains is that poland can not find an objectively better arrangement than its membership in the eu and nato , is it membership ? 
  or just being effectively a pawn ? 
  for two hundred years we were denied independence . 
  in the meantime one of every 5 poles lives below poverty line . 
  at this point ? 
  but i 'm not prejudiced against russians . 
   having a good international reputation does n't mean you get to be involved in geopolitical decisions made by countries like us or germany . 
  how about a decision that will allow russia to turn off poland 's gas with germany 's approval ? 
  or one where poland 's second largest neighbor , a fellow member of russia 's historical sphere of influence is being invaded by russian soldiers and we were told to back off and shut up ? 
  let 's assume that germany can control its neighbors and poland ca n't even voice her discontent . 
  very well . 
  but why the fuck it 's supposed to be called `` union '' ? 
  `` polish-german reconciliation '' ? 
  `` friendship '' ? 
  let 's call it for what it really is . 
  an occupation . 
  why do you assume it was worse before the schengen ? 
  exactly . 
  that is what pis is trying to say and they 're pulling away from germany and us , and yet they 're criticized for stating the obvious . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i hate pis as much as the next man , and yes , their anti-democratic actions deserve a discussion on the international stage . 
  but for fuck 's sake , you ca n't seriously say that brexit will cause authoritarian tendencies in poland and hungary . 
   if you believe the us would make strategic decisions on such matters based on a conflict in the tribunal somewhere in poland you would be extremely naive . 
  the conflict with the nato outpost , total abortion ban , lockdown on public media , public announcements of russia being guilty of killing the president , rise of neo-nazism and racially motivated assaults ... 
   current minister of defense antoni macierewicz actually attempted a coup in 1992 according to lech wa\u0142\u0119sa . 
  because being a footstool to germany and usa was so great, 
   nationalism is about a nation . 
  not necessarily . 
  i 've seen yugoslavian nationalists for example . 
  without polish nationalism to resist russian and german expansion it 's quite likely that all poles would be either dead or enslaved . 
  that wo n't really work , will it ? 
  you need more passive aggression to convince the english to do something . 
  from my experience it should look like this . 
  obama : `` so are you leaving the eu or not ? '', 
  britons : `` yes we are '' obama : the grants and schengen access are on the table . 
  britons : well we 'll look at them as soon as we deal with a horde of migrants . 
  obama : oh okay . 
  by the way , there 's awfully sunny in spain today ... not a single cloud . 
   their long-lasting ban on korwin . 
  hahahahahaha . 
  frankly speaking writing this post helped me throw my anxieties away . 
  hate . 
  i hate germany . 
  the country that has since the middle ages consistently wanted to rule eastern europe and introduce their lebensraum , killing millions in the process . 
  to them , we 're just slaves , toiling for the good of their western overlords . 
  and that 's an improvement . 
  we used to be vermin , something worse than humans . 
  at least they 're not trying to actively eradicate us . 
  i 'm afraid of the return of fascism - whether back in germany or homegrown in poland . 
  just a couple of days ago , 400 neo-nazis paraded through my city and had their own mass in the cathedral , hand in hand with italian neo-fascists from western europe . 
  i hate them , i hate the state that enables them to hate me , and i hate the fact that i 'm too weak to defend myself from these people . 
  i hate poland . 
  many nations went extinct in history , some through conquests , other thanks to failures , but we might be the first nation who has voted themselves out of existence . 
  with the germans and nato/eu on the one side and putin 's russians on the other our politics boil down to choice between merkel 's puppets and crazy nationalists pushing us towards orban , erdogan and putin . 
  we voted to join the toxic eu , and as a result of this democracy we 're swarmed with right-wing populists . 
  i hate the western civilization . 
  we , the slavs on the outskirts of the civilized world , have nothing to do with it - but we have our own culture , customs and beliefs . 
  and now we invited the west in , like a vampire who ca n't enter the house uninvited . 
  and they immediately supplant our culture with their beliefs and faith . 
  there used to be dozens of polish films made every year , hundreds of books . 
  now ? 
  even the kids at street shout english words . 
  we 're flooded with foreign culture and each year polish writers , movie makers , musicians are forgotten . 
  i hate united europe . 
  the polish people fought for the independent poland where the people are free to speak polish , follow their religion and work for whoever they like . 
  this has never happened in our history , and whether the eu or the russians will eventually take over it never will . 
  fifteen years after we decided to become polish we suddenly have to become european . 
  i hate the unelected , overblown bureaucracy the present eu is , determining what is a candle when wars go on and people starve on streets . 
  i hate the intervention of uninvited countries in polish politics , even though i dislike the current government . 
  i hate the fact that eu props out inefficient , vanity investments like stadiums or aquaparks that will be a massive drain for our economy in the future , and i hate that these stadiums are being built either by chinese or by workers with no health or safety insurance . 
  i hate the islamic terrorists .
