  not necessarily good for poland . 
  i support someone because he would ve good for poland . 
  germans support tusk because he is good for germany . 
  so germans made no steps in controlling poland ? 
  like nsz selling the communists to nazis . 
  tusk is a criminal and a posible murderer . 
  i cant trust him , he is not polish in my eyes . 
   it is clear that the poor agricultural yields were not due to the soviets . 
  they absolutely were . 
  it was created by human activity ( the goal was not to kill the people ) but the effects of mass starvation targeted a certain specific region inhabited mostly by a specific ethnic group . 
  yes , because the communism ended and the eu replaced the comecon . 
  so the quality of life did drop after 1989 . 
  poland is prospering after the communism ended , eu does n't do much in my experience . 
  what ? 
  yes , because the standards also rose . 
  a country emerged from half of a century of dictatorship , no wonder that human rights vastly improved . 
  gdp per capita is a bullshit measure . 
  the money is kept by the privileged class with buddies in brussels . 
   what did you expect ? 
  a functioning modern state where 20 % of kids do n't starve , with low unemployment and functioning healthcare system would be a good start . 
   well no , trust me : you can make more money by selling to rich neighbours . 
  ... then how come poland is n't wallowing in riches yet ? 
  since 1989 we 've been selling to rich neighbors , where is the money ? 
   general health and risk of death during younger years . 
  it 's an effective proxy for that . 
  look at another stat - doctors per 1000 people . 
  france 3 , poland 2.2 , russia 4 . 
  we are already at russia 's level , do n't try to convince me life is better in poland because i 've been to belarus , i have russian friends , and i live in poland . 
   so , why would you throw away 28 % of your wage ? 
  so , if i gain 28 % of my wages will i earn as much as a frenchman ? 
   that 's your inheritance from your time behind the iron curtain . 
  why would n't you be able to do better ? 
  because we ca n't pay for it . 
  poland is a poor country but proud . 
   it 's in their interest to have prosperous neighbours . 
  it 's in germany ; s interest to have a poor , exploitable neighbor that 's co dependant economically . 
   basically life expectancy , education and income per capita . 
  life expectancy france - 80 , poland 76 , russia 70 . 
  not a huge difference . 
  education : poland 450 universities , france : 370 universites , russia : 921 universities . 
  average wage ( because gdp is bullshit ) : france 2517 $ , poland 700 $ russia 500 $ . 
  such great improvement over russia . 
   then you 'd better stop portraying yourself as unable to do basic road maintenance . 
  have you actually seen polish roads ? 
   and no friends , probably , if you are asking payment whenever you help them out . 
  so why do you think germany and poland are friends . 
   you 've got a lot to lose if you become more like russia . 
  really ? 
  like what ? 
   you do n't pay rent on a house you own , silly . 
  you still pay the taxes and utilities then . 
   then you should be relieved to get some help from elsewhere , right ? 
  i do n't want your pity . 
   again , it 's not a debt . 
  i refuse to believe that someone can simple `` give you something '' , especially germans to the poles . 
  nothing 's free . 
   poland has a hdi index of 0.843 , russia has 0.798 . 
  so a ) it 's comparable . 
  warsaw 's poorer than moscow and piter , the villages are about as shitty in both countries . 
  the average consumption of alcohol in russia is 16 liters per capita ... and in poland it 's apparently 19 liters !, 
   it 's not because you ca n't afford a house right now that you ca n't maintain it , should you obtain one . 
  so why buy a house i wo n't be able to pay the rent for ? 
   implying that poland is n't even capable of maintaining roads , reminds me of racist talk about africa . 
  poland is n't capable of flying its president safely , building a normal football stadium where the roof works , or creating a healthcare system which would be used by the administrative workers themselves . 
  i live here . 
  i know this . 
   why should n't a better life be an option . 
  a better life we did nothing to earn ? 
  bought on credit ? 
  surely this ca n't last . 
   besides , russia has a significantly lower standard of living than poland as the widespread alcoholism shows hahaha , poland is right after russia and estonia . 
  the consumption of alcohol in poland grows as the people in the small towns drink themselves to death . 
   you lambast the eu for spending money in poland , and then in the next sentence you blame the eu for poverty in poland . 
  it is perfectly possible that the uncontrolled dumps of unnecessary investments drive the growing poverty and material inequality . 
   the value of road maintenance is higher than the value of a well-maintained road that 's just stupid . 
  however , if a city ca n't build a road what makes you think it will be able to maintain it ? 
   damn it man , `` poland is too poor to maintain roads '' is something that sounds too ridiculously racist to believe even for a hardcore nazi . 
  oh so i am a nazi now ? 
  may i ask why ? 
  it promotes a `` nanny state '' instead of a sensible redistribution of the wealth - and i personally think it 's not very well balanced . 
  why do the taxes of a french person have to be invested in an aquapark in a small village in poland ? 
  eu nationalism . 
  i never felt european . 
  i 'm polish , born and raised , a polish patriot . 
  there are times when i feel that displaying any kind of nationalist pride is forbidden in europe . 
  i 'm not proud of eu , i simply see it as `` out there '' , germans and french people doing their thing . 
  there 's way too much branding of eu - flags , logos , reminding us savages how the white people civilised us . 
  i wish that they left us alone , we should build our country ourselves . 
  speaking of , i ca n't help but dislike westerners patronising attitude to eastern europe . 
  they throw a hissy fit when we elected a eurosceptic government and now are outright calling it a dictatorship . 
  i believe that there 's simply too many western tourists . 
  luckily , my region gets a lot of american jews which tend to be mostly okay , but the britons and the germans are horrible . 
  and one of the reasons why that government won is that many of the pro-eu educated ( for our taxes , i might add ) people have already left . 
  7 % of the total polish population have emigrated so far , and most of them wo n't return . 
  this is not just brain-drain , but also a rise in pathologies ( broken families ) . 
  global capitalist system . 
  i was too young to effectively protest the privatisation in the 1990s , but it was simply horrendous . 
  i see the eu as another brick in the process of building capitalism and democracy in poland and now i see that capitalism or democracy are n't working . 
  the polish industry is marginalised and everyone seems to escape from the farms - before , they moved to the big cities , now they move to uk and ireland . 
  forced cooperation between the worse enemies .
