  i hate people calling kaczynski some kind of dictator , and especially `` fascist '' , but he has himself confirmed that orban is his role model - the man who has described his own model of government as `` illiberal democracy '' . 
   so it was allright to break in to the office of `` wprost '' because someone else allegedly broke the law ? 
  not sure what do you mean by `` allegedly '' , these people have been condemned by the court . 
  polish criminal code says : art . 
   btw . 
  according to the amended law about police the people responsible of keeping the professional secrets ( journalists , lawyers ) ca n't be monitored without previous permission of the court and the gathered data has to be destroyed immidieatelly if it 's not related to the case . 
  you are lying . 
  the permission of the court has actually been replaced with a regular agreement ( so instead of going to court and asking , the court has simply to push a stamp on the files every 6 months ) and the protected professional secrets are now only ones of priests and lawyers . 
  well their sources must have illegally monitorred high-ranking government officials . 
  the journalists were in their right not to give their sources away , but pis with their `` ustawa inwigilacyjna '' took this protection away . 
  in this imaginary world of yours , why would pis attack gw ? 
  ** place of birth ** danville , california , united states his paternal grandfather arrived in the united states at the age of seven with his family that originated from warsaw , poland . 
  so polish . 
  they could become so . 
  since we 're supposed to talk about authors of my youth , henryk jerzy chmielewski known also as papcio chmiel ( who , unlike many would-bes actually fought in warsaw uprising ) claims that the proper colors of the polish flag are off-white and amarantine , not the commonly displayed red and white , allegedly introduced to poland by communists . 
  to him , white and crimson have associations with communism . 
  regardless of his political views i 'm not going to argue colors with one of our great artists . 
  wprost is owned by pmpg polskie media s.a.  wprost in recent months turned very much pro-pis . 
  you have said that kaczynski did n't send people to raid wprost , and i asked you why would he do that . 
  if you ca n't make proper arguments , expect inquiry . 
  for instance , this : http://p4.sfora.pl/ac3bce5451b57adc6837ea2cecabce4a.jpg, 
  why would kaczynski send people to wprost ? 
  it 's his magazine now . 
   kaczy\u0144ski `` jarek '' stood behind wa\u0142\u0119sa then and made him to run in elections , he also negotiated the first `` non communist '' gov ( with half of communist ministers ) of mazowiecki . 
  not exactly , kaczynski forced walesa as a candidate to oppose jaruzelski , but i doubt whether he was the driving factor you make him to be . 
  and two ( kiszczak and siwicki ) out of twenty ministers , called out after half a year is not half . 
  if nationalists started to use smiley face en masse , much like swastika , it would be a nationalistic symbol . 
  if doctors use a red cross , it becomes a medical symbol . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  i used to love sat-okh books when in elementary school , did n't know he was actually of native blood . 
  makes you feel ashamed of all these kids who use the kotwica as a nationalistic symbol . 
   ukriane is vital for russia and not so for the west . 
  while i do n't see poland as a western country , we are nevertheless a nato and eu country . 
  stable and democratic ukraine is very much vital for poland and the entire region . 
  why would he ? 
  he has brought russia back to being a major power and eliminated 90 % of national debt , in any democratic country that would be enough , and in russia where the tradition of `` strong leaders '' is practically eternal and tradition of `` democracy '' is non existent he can safely rule without any fear . 
   this is what happens when the existing power structures refuse to address an obvious and growing problem . 
  no , this is what happens when the government allows thugs to roam the streets . 
  sure , they 're probably overwhelmed with migrants , but in this way we have brutal thugs at both sides . 
  yes , allegedly . 
  i 'm sorry that i ca n't back it , but i do n't speak german well enough to find the dw article that was posted somewhere here . 
  maybe some german poster would find these . 
  there were allegedly numerous tweets where they coordinated their actions , and the police found `` helpful '' cheat sheets , with german phrases like `` show me your tits '' written phonetically on many of them . 
   el masrar says that the history of islam , up until the present , has been shaped by the patriarchal oppression of women . 
  she argues that the cologne assaults were spurred by a number of things : crowded living conditions for migrants in hostels or small apartments , their lack of prospects and the neglect they experience when they lack the support and supervision of the family . 
  wow . 
  these were organised and planned assaults . 
  if they put as much work into organising their lives as they did with the harassments , maybe they would have prospects , or at least some privacy . 
  you mean two refugees . 
   we are not korea , it is n't as bad as german tv shows it . 
  do you really think that north korea simply has always been a totalitarian hell ? 
  such things can simply start overnight . 
   there was no precedent set . 
  the ` precedent ' has been set by many other governments , including the usa and uk . 
  why do you think other countries should be like the usa ? 
   has signed the echr charter we have an opt-out . 
  if we want to , we can rescind anyone 's voting rights . 
   we all are hooligans someone here is for sure . 
  most people do n't want refugees . 
  it 's perfectly normal to be wary of strangers , especially ones that are often causing trouble . 
  the problem is that there are actually some people that need help in that crowd , and even if one do n't like them , it 's the right thing to help them . 
  tusk has n't said a word of truth since ... ever , basically . 
   orb\u00e1n recenly visited poland and everyone assumed the talks are about the upcoming visit of cameron to budapest , but it was never released what topics were really covered . 
   that was not a meeting with any of poland 's representatives . 
  he 's met a regular mp , and it 's their business what they talked about . 
  because this particular party is in the government now , is violating the constitution now , and its leader have publically said things that make others concerned about the future , like mandatory lustration or ` evangelisation ' of the country ? 
   person who in interview said that he did not protest previous government , because he did not feel like protesting then ... and how is that wrong ? 
  well-known rapist and a right-wing publicist , rafa\u0142 ziemkiewicz , bragged that he checked whether germans produce whiskey before he started boycotting all german products . 
  i think pis in poland is going to do that , and it 's not unlikely with wilders or farage . 
   will pontificate endlessly on the perils of migration and clashing cultures ... 
  but vote libdem . 
  the thing with people who oppose democratic principles is that they 're ready to take your rights and unwilling to give up their power . 
   pretty much ` couse leftists ruled in central and eastern europe for ~ 50 years . 
  but how much `` leftist '' were they ? 
  in all likelyhood , they were advocates of centrally planned economy supported by the soviets . 
  i ca n't advocate more state-ran infrastructure , separation of church and state or human rights because i 'd get branded as a ` bolshevik ' . 
  how is it democratic or egalitarian ? 
   i though all states in english are female . 
  only when you get emotional , like `` poland lost many of her soldiers '' . 
  for a sentence to be a counterargument , it has to respond to an argument . 
  your sentence was essentially `` democracy harms art , therefore it 's unnecessary '' , you are n't making any point , mixing two different fields of interest , one of them a highly subjective one ( art vs. politics ) , and framing the question in a wrong context ( europe became essentially democratic after wwii , there is a marked shift in arts ) . 
  not to mention that you might just be objectively wrong here , fellini might in a few hundred years be as great as da vinci . 
   the greatest artistic achievements of europe took place when europe was non-democratic or at least when democracy was limited congratulations , korwin would be proud . 
  probably not . 
  the thing is that yes , international deals supersede local laws , including the constitution . 
  that 's just one mp , she 's a clown even for pis members . 
   many people claim that korwin-mikke is an idiot , but actually he 's not . 
    i can not stand national socialists and he is a national socialist yeah sure, 
    http://www.reuters.com/article/poland-ratings-moodys-idusw8n11l01920150930 warsaw , sept 30 since then a lot has changed in poland . 
  and whose slogan is this ? 
   this just shows how strong foreign propaganda can be in the short run it 's amazing how everything else seems to be at fault except poland , the poles , and our government . 
  really ? 
  what ace investigative journalism does fakt do ? 
    sld and psl are the same thing as po . 
  just like . nowoczesna is now . 
  if a party is going down , create a second one with different name and leader so you can continue stealing the country 's wealth . 
  this is quite surprising , especially if you assume that pis does not have pzpr , po or sld people in it . 
    unless you are on the feminazi side of things , where every time you have sex you need a notarized document . 
   ziemkiewicz is not a rape apologist , he 's one of the most acclaimed conservative writers in poland . 
  there are more reasons to dislike pis than just being from po ; and this article was actually paid for by pis .
