  help such as ? 
  from the eu and the financial aid is to boost local development , meaning that if a region ca n't afford 50 % of the investment , it wo n't receive any aid . 
  that 's a bit different than restitution . 
  this is one reason why the governments want to monitor what we do in the internet , all the better to control anyone . 
  i , for one , shall support this brave man , by watching some german sluts punished . 
   the epicentre of western democracy and liberalism epicentre means something that 's below the centre . 
   it epitomises the benefits of enduring short-term suffering by throwing out your soviet cronies , re-inventing your economy and your democracy , including : truly democratic governance , stability , and gdp growth not beholden to a single natural resource do you actually believe that ? 
  post-soviet eu countries still are or were ruled by the communists , it was leszek miller , former party secretary who got poland in the eu . 
  when did po praise groups like `` odins fist '' ? 
  so hey , let the people shooting the workers live , they did n't do anything , right ? 
   the purpose here is to sow discontent and rile up right wing groups so the eu is weakened . 
  eu is not the centre of universe and it 's not a real threat to russia . 
  he just puts it in very strange words . 
   the polish hated the germans during ww2 . 
   and what , germans loved the poles ? 
  for instance we have a [ journal ] ( http://www.jewishpost.com/viewpoints/my-trip-to-poland-the-reality-of-being-jewish.html ) of an average israeli visiting poland , spouting such gems like `` today , poland is the only european country to have not officially recognized the existence of the holocaust , and most of it happened in poland ! '' . 
  and she is an `` educated '' types , one that could afford to go to such trips . 
  there 'll always be someone who 'll say we drove the trains to auschwitz . 
  i do n't really mind that , actually ; there 's no compulsion to love poland . 
  but i 'd like the poles to actually be able to talk back ( which is quite hard when you do n't want to sound like some fucking anti-semite ) . 
  he has officially admitted to having signed a declaration , way back in 2011 . 
  the exact extent of walesa collaboration has yet to be revealed . 
   previous government tried to sell our forests to pay them . 
   nope . 
  that turned out to be a wypok lie . 
  well , never is a bit harsh , considering that poland managed to defend itself for hundreds of years before 1795 and in 1920 . 
  here you go http://statlibr.stat.gov.pl/f?func=full-set-set&amp;set_number=000371&amp;set_entry=000001&amp;format=999 the official 1931 census . 
  3 113 933 jews ( in the religious sense ) in poland . 
  2.4 million give their native language as jewish/yiddish , and 250 thousand as hebrew . 
  also , you know , normal israeli and americans and other jewish people want the property of their family back . 
  who would n't ? 
   when in reality those jews were poles to start with and most of them did n't even think of themselves as different nationality period . 
  most probably actually did . 
  isaac bahevis singer wrote something to the effect `` my father and grandfather lived their whole lives in poland , they never learned a word of polish and it never occured to them they should . '', 
   but bash us for listening to our women on valentine 's day women who do n't want to see ryan reynolds naked ? 
   i visited auschwitz when i went to krakow . 
  i understand what went on . 
  a selfie in front of an oven where humans were burned alive just because they were what they were does not magically endow you with understanding . 
  what ? 
  it 's a satire of communism , how did it even manage to get shown ? 
  have you compared the rise of wages to inflation and rising cost of living ? 
  it 's not so cheery for ordinary people who have to work here . 
  modal , not median . 
  the thing is , wages are stuck low . 
  2011 : modal 2020 untaxed , 1490 directly for you 2013 : 2091 brutto , 1509 net 2015 : 2189/1591 everybody is talking about average , which is simply not true , median or dominant salary show up very recently . 
  because poland went hardcore catholic * during * the communist times . 
  a lot of people tended ( and still do ) to romanticize the pre-war poland , just because it was more independent than communist one , and unluckily for the poles , after the war the polish catholic church was led by two great men - karol wojtyla and stefan wyszynski . 
  both were very charismatic and became spiritual leaders of the poles . 
  they viewed communism not just as a political system that was faulty , but as morally evil - and the rest of the nation followed . 
  poles became infatuated with the us and west and when people like soros and balcerowicz offered a plan of transitioning from socialism to neoliberal economy , even leftist opposition leaders like michnik agreed . 
  new railways ??? 
  po is continiously closing down railway connections ( and buses ) . 
  sure , there 's pendolino and a renovated krakow station - but at cost of masses of people from parz\u0119czewo dolne who has just lost a station . 
  i 've been to suwalki recently , and there 's a station without any workers , you buy a ticket from the conductor . 
  highways are there , but they 're not for everyone . 
  and new parks - local governments have destroyed greenery in town centres , google `` rewitalizacja '' . 
  sure , not all of it is po 's fault , but we 're not `` green island '' po propaganda makes us . 
  except that in this case , she was right . 
  the alleged `` development '' only benefitted the rich ; most of the poor continue to receive low wages . 
  average wages rose ; but the modal wages ( most common ) barely did . 
  lithuanians are n't bad . 
  at the very least this will quench this ridiculous pro-american attitude polish right-wing has ... 
  i 'd say it 's `` rest of the world '' . 
  just fuck off and leave us alone for fifty years . 
   but the nazies developed a system for dismantling a society past just brute force . 
  these were the lessons that the solviets took when creating the effective kgb in later years . . russians have had centuries of experience with secret police - ivan the terrible created one in 16th century , and tsars have had a massive army of informers . 
  read up on oprichnina . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  have you seen pics of warsaw razed by germans ? 
  damn , regardless of anything i know that in 1944 i 'd be happy to see soviets . 
   assume i disagreed with them if they really are anti-europe jesus , what ? 
  even if they were true ? 
   eu is n't an union where 1 country is way more powerfull then the other one so angela merkel begs to differ . 
  it 's so cute thinking that duda is a world leader . 
  ringo : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbvs9seq1ma i am not even joking , literally tossing a small rubber circle . 
  solaris is something i feel more proud about than any sports , because at least polish buses are useful . 
  what is it with longevity and crimes against humanity ? 
  how many jews do i have to kill to live to 90 ? 
   merkel is childless god , merkel has really some kind of complex . 
  kaczynski is n't poland , merkel is n't europe , and yet these act as if they were personally insulted . 
   cyclists do n't buy cars what, 
  pis is n't anti-eu , they 're more like conservative and mistrust the west , they are n't opposed to eu integration . 
  do n't know about fidesz , but in the ep they are allied with po and psl which was the previous euro enthusiastic government . 
   you misunderstand . 
  wondolowski truly looks 50 % american indian , 50 % polish . 
  he is 1/4th polish if anything ... 
   you 're lying , the case is in court and they were n't sentenced yet . 
  again you ignore inconvinient facts and change the subject to concentrate on unimportant details . 
  they have been accused of the crime i quoted and will be tried , and this is what i meant . 
  stonoga , at the very least , was sentenced . 
   previous permission of the court  court is not obliged to do anything  bout `` invigilation '' was created by the `` liberal '' party and parliamnt was ordered to ammend it by the constitutional court exactly in the points about gathering data i do n't particularly care who did it , but pis still did not include the changes you mentioned . 
  and while we 're at it , editing your posts does not make me a hipocrite - but saying mutually exclusive things does . 
   you 're not just a liar , but a two face hypocrite , you do n't mind abuse of incorrect journalists if that 's the correct party doing it and then you whine about some imagined `` dictatorship '' just because they 're loosing elections . 
  the journalists were n't `` abused '' by the party , but the abw has , as i pointed out assaulted them overstepping their boundaries and should be tried as well . 
  i actually mentioned `` abuse '' of a blogger by pis . 
  i am in fact in a party which is rather opposed to po , and i do n't see neither `` wprost '' or po as correct or incorrect , but i think that if someone illegally spies on the government , it should be legal for the apropriate services to begin investigation ( not by threatening people with weapons ) . 
  my party has gained almost 4 % of the votes , do you really think we had a chance to win ? 
  and yet , we whine , and we whine about kopacz as much as we whine about kaczynski . 
  it 's the role of the democratic opposition to point out the faults of the government . 
  you 're lying again , accusing me of using the word `` dictatorship '' .
