  i hate racists who put every muslim , arab or anyone with a darker skin as a ` terrorist ' . 
  i know the right thing is to let the people in - but if we invite a hundred refugees what if one of them will turn out to be a psycho who 'll kill two hundred ? 
  it only takes a single psycho to make an entire city panic . 
  and i hate the fact that poland and polish people ca n't make this decision on our own . 
  this is democracy . 
  this should n't have looked like this . 
   we have n't seen a proper proletariat revolution . 
  yes we did . 
  in poland the solidarity rebelled against the communists . 
   why do n't we hear about them do n't you ? 
  holodomor , the khmer genocide , the armenian genocide ? 
  massacres in rwanda and indonesia ? 
  were they aliens from planet nazion ? 
   meh , they missed their chance in 1966 . 
  you know what system was there in poland in 1966 ? 
  yeah , perhaps these three million polish jews did not even want to be saved , am i right ? 
  is n't poland 's national debt 1.5 billion zlotys ( or 1 500 billion to our american friends ), 
  ... because ... ? 
  i , for one identify myself as anti-european , leftist and pacifist and despite my differences i have to side with / u/nieuchwytnyuchwyt here . 
  there 's a difference between being a partner and a serf . 
  if you have problems , the world always revolves around you . 
   nato expansion eastwards to the sovereign countries that asked to be included in nato and are n't the ones that attacked the post-soviet states . 
   if you want to waste money on your outdated paranoid fears , you may as well spend money on anti-ufo shields . 
  it 's not like russian soldiers are fighting in a country that was once a part of russian empire , am i right ? 
  like polish soldiers in iraq and afghanistan have ? 
   pis supporters . 
  implying that po was not exactly as servile . 
  fun fact , your idol , sikorski , was a pis politician . 
   his boss took some risks and work by opening his company frankly speaking her brother did and he 's now hiding in the usa . 
  it 's no longer 90s , and it 's not so simple to open my own company in this city ( i tried using aip , did n't work out ) . 
  what is anecdotal evidence ? 
  again if i eat pasta , and you eat meat , we both eat spaghetti . 
  the democracy brought inequality . 
  it is ** exactly the same ** as ten or twenty years ago . 
  so do n't talk to me about great success or developments . 
  there were none until fairly recently . 
  i 'm in razem right now . 
   would you have earned more if the eu was n't pouring money into poland ? 
  no , you would n't have . 
  or maybe i would go to mars in my moon rocket . 
  who knows ? 
   the difference is that the eu has made poland much stronger since it joined , it 's economy has tripled ... in 10 years , since it joined . 
  i used to earn 1000 euro , my boss used to earn 3000 euro . 
  now i earn 1000 euro , my boss earns 12000 euro . 
  so yeah , the economy tripled . 
   sucess wow , really ? 
  i barely earn 1000 euro per month , half of my high school friends left this country so far , and the last two jobs i was offered were explicitly minimum wage . 
  3 million of people already left , the population of lithuania , and another millions are just waiting to leave before brexit . 
  people do n't have retirement , insurance , and have to wait months for the doctor 's visit . 
  my girlfriend works illegally , if she does n't get paid he ca n't fight it , and she has to hide her injuries because she has no right to healthcare . 
  if she gets pregnant she will be instantly fired . 
  when germans developed after wwii it was great wirtschaftswunder that was acheived through german industrialness . 
  when poland developed after communism it was merely a result of joining the eu which was achieved through german taxpayers . 
  and what can the european parliament do ? 
   there are plenty of countries with eu critic parties in power who are not abolishing the constitution and the eu doesnt care . 
  like what ? 
  they did n't care about hungary , slovakia , italy . 
  what makes you think eurocrats will care about the polish subhumans ? 
  no one gave a fuck about poland before , no one ever will . 
  and did we bend over when you europeans told us to ? 
  we did . 
  and unsurprisingly we came out of it with hurting butts and empty pockets . 
  maybe it 's time to try a new approach ? 
  like that time when he actually was comparing the opposition to the devil ? 
  am i ? 
  i 'm saying that trusting the west is not , historically , such a good idea and that transfer to democracy had its massive flaws . 
  and the high level of economic growth means nothing when you remember that we moved up from practically nothing . 
   foreign minister of po during their rules , was openly talking in tv about slaughtering members of pis comparing them to wild animals ? 
  he was quoting sienkiewicz you idiot . 
   plenty of good examples in the eu yeah , that 's the thing . 
  you know that we have a thousand year of our own history ? 
  i work . 
  sometimes . 
   why elect pis , why change the law concerning the independence of the press then ? 
  show me this law . 
  what pis did , was to put their own cronies into the massive `` public '' tv and radio ( which was massive nepotim btw ) ; they do not want to introduce censorship , they simply seized that , changing the law so that this one specific network will be responisble directly to the government ( which , actually , at least eliminates the broadcasting council which was also very partisan ) . 
  why do you think they change the law ? 
  what made you think so ? 
   what 's in question is where is poland headed ? 
  with pis , not in the right direction . 
  that 's sadly true . 
  but the past 25 years have proven that we made very little social progress , and the liberal democracy did little to help . 
  pis promised more social issues , but introduces illiberalism . 
  i 'd personally prefer the nordic system instead of the liberal democracy we were brainwashed with . 
  well , maybe if not the po government i 'd be able to afford migrate ( taking my tax money and my education ) . 
   mind you that this is what we refer to as `` the golden era '' of poland . 
  a golden era that , in fact , was n't even 2/3 as good as an `` average '' era of any random country in western europe . 
  yeah , great , but it 's not actually serving any practical purpose whatsoever . 
  i was under impression that we were talking about the modern era ( which , incidentally , does not seem completely right . 
  the 19th century was a period of industrialisation , and poland hosted 60 % of industry of russian empire . 
   in early 2016 poland reached about 72 % of eus average , so we 're basically already past our `` greatest and mightestest hussar stronk '' era of mid xvii century . 
  that 's great , especially when we consider that we 're no longer slaves , not being paid for our work ( except for the unpaid interns ) , or that the lords are now equal ( except for the oligarchs and politicians ) ...  and that 's just looking purely from the economic perspective , never mind such `` minor '' things as the lack of wars , living in mostly free and democratic country etc. 
  there 's a war on the areas that were polish in 1500 ... 
  gdp is really not the best factor for economic change . 
  the payments share is decreasing while the corrporate income is growing larger . 
  the inequalities are growing to the point that the number of poles not affording heating in winter rose recently . 
  mom tells you to walk your dog . 
  your dad ate your dog ( and mom knows it ) . 
  if you do n't walk your dog , you do n't ignore what she said . 
  that 's the only one i know of ( i do n't watch tv ) .
