i thought that was a finnish stereotype . 
  but is n't the previous poll done using exactly the same method ? 
  if so , the results are comparable , and an increase of 18 % is accurate . 
  i really want to visit croatia . 
  have heard nothing but good things about it ( ok , maybe except for the politics ) . 
  so the feet thing was just a joke ? 
  what a relief . 
  i almost got upset about disregarding the metric system . 
  this is / r/europe after all . 
  perfect !, 
  i 'd much rather listen to this than the standard message . 
  you misspelled it ( tornio ) . 
  on the other hand , tormio sounds almost like turmio , which means `` abyss '' in finnish . 
  which is also quite accurate . 
  modern tanning beds emit both uva and uvb . 
  both cause cancer , not just b , and according to recent research , a more natural ratio of uva and uvb is safer than just uva , which does n't occur in real sunlight . 
  in finland at least almost all public tanning beds emit combined uva+uvb nowadays . 
  and yes , they do cause vitamin d synthesis in the skin . 
  in addition to that , even uva beds are able to induce some vitamin d production . 
  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22391940 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15585781 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20136909 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/6981420, 
  same . 
  last winter in helsinki was a joke . 
  no it 's not . 
  +2 , rain and wind is colder than dry -5 with no wind , but -20 to -25 is always fucking cold . 
  seems like we 're number 33 in the world and 8 in europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate but somehow we also rank high in the happiness index . 
  in the world happiness report of 2015 finland was the 6th happiest nation in the world ( 5th in europe ) : http://worldhappiness.report/ happier than us are only switzerland , iceland , denmark , norway , and canada . 
  haha . 
  if a refugee can stand tornio for the asylum process lasting one year or more , then they are really fleeing from something terrible . 
  there are almost 400 000 unemployed finns right now , so it 's not surprising that there are not many jobs for immigrants ( even if the asylum seekers were allowed to work right away ) . 
  not even low-skill , low-wage jobs . 
  probably the situation is better in germany . 
  in any logical language it would be a compound word , but not in english . 
  deal with it . 
  wait for it ... 
  wait for it ... 
  this must be the first time i hear anyone saying their reason for not wanting to life in finland is some automatic weapon law ... :p but yeah , i get that if you 're into weapons that may be a reason . 
  i would say the top reasons why some people do n't want to live here is 1 ) the dark , cold , depressing winter , 2 ) shy people , 3 ) difficult language . 
  this made me happy . 
  there 's so much beauty in the world . 
  luckily the demonstrators are not a representative sample of finns but representative sample of white trash . 
  no worries , some of the `` refugees '' already want to go back home , since finland was n't the paradise they had been told . 
  200 iraqis have cancelled their application for asylum and bought flight tickets to iraq ( for most of them , finland is paying ) . 
  http://www.pohjalainen.fi/uutiset/maakunta/takaisin-kotiin-haluaa-vajaat-200-irakilaista-suomi-ei-ollutkaan-paratiisi-1.1908707 by wednesday , 10 700 people had applied for asylum this year , of which 6 300 was iraqis . 
  most of the 500k people woud n't have left turkey if they knew they could n't reach central europe because of closed borders . 
  these kids should be taken into custody . 
  and the dad who threw them over should get a permanent ban to eu . 
  now there 's apparently tear gas again as people are fleeing from the fence . 
  a lady and a girl are screaming terribly , sounds like `` papa '' . 
  we will surely see images of this soon in the media . 
  these iraqis are not stupid , they are aware of their better changes for asylum in finland than in sweden . 
  that 's way they are coming . 
  yle was in malm\u00f6 a few days ago interviewing refugees , and many of them ( mainly iraqis ) told that they are continuing to finland , because they have heard about the better changes for asylum and also faster procession of applications . 
  one iraqi said that `` everybody in iraq is speaking about finland now '' . 
  i work two low-paid jobs while studying my second university degree . 
  if that 's the definition of `` greedy capitalist '' , then i guess i am . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by our large government , but if you 're referring to the public sector , the yes , i do believe in the welfare state and do n't wa n't it to be torn down , which also is n't the plan . 
  again , the planned pay cuts are very modest . 
  yeah , and still somehow latvia 's economy is doing very well a few years after some very harsh cuttings in public costs and wages . 
  the modest pay cuts planned in finland is nothing compared to that . 
  maybe we should also cut 25-30 % ? 
  i have n't forgotten about those despite not mentioning them . 
  yes , the struggle of nokia and the paper industry definitely contribute to the poor export . 
  and yes , we can not devalue because of $ . 
  no high absolutely speaking but when compared to the poor income of the state , yes . 
  you can not forever spend more than you earn . 
  on the contrary , the new actions will improve the profitability on the private sector , which will boost export and benefit the whole economy . 
  economic growth comes from export , not from moving money around from one pocket to another within the country . 
  this is sad . 
  i will not take part in the protest . 
  the finnish public sector has grown to become the largest in europe when adjusted for gdp . 
  salaries are too high - they continued rising after 2007-2008 even though the economy did not . 
  had we been as disciplined and farsighted as germany , we would n't have allowed the wage increases and we 'd be in a less bad situation . 
  once people have achieved higher pay , it 's really hard to cut it without riots . 
  the trade unions once helped to achieve appropriate benefits for the employees , but now they are fucking this country up . 
  ouch , that really hurt my nordic heart . 
   we have one gender-neutral pronoun same in finnish and in estonian . 
  not sure about other finno-ugric languages , does hungarian have he/she ? 
  i do n't think his mistake changes the point though . 
  or how many muslim immigrants do you have on \u00c5land again ? 
  `` germany has received more applicants than any other european union nation , with more than 154,000 migrants seeking asylum from january to june , up from 68,000 in the same period last year . 
  when adjusted for population , hungary and sweden are among the top recipients . '', 
  adjusted for population , spain , poland , uk , italy , finland , and turkey have been the least popular among asylum seekers . 
  as a reminder though , this data shows numbers until the end of june 2015 . 
  at least in finland , the number of refugees exploded in august and is growing very fast at the moment . 
  more like knee-sack-ass, 
  nis\u00e4k\u00e4s = something with teats/mammas, 
  it seems like internet usage is inversely correlated with the amount of sunlight available . 
  apparently , here 's the link : http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/03/uk-europe-migrants-hungary-idukkcn0r30ft20150903 i do n't envy the hungarian police right now . 
  whether you try do your job or try to avoid it , someone 's always condemning . 
  yeah , if the finnish economy continues to struggle , finland will definitely be less attractive to estonians in the future . 
  not very soon though , as the average wage in finland is still 3 x the estonian : http://www.verkkouutiset.fi/talous/viron_keskipalkka_tuhat_euroa-37585, 
  i guess the main reasons for the big difference in employment between people from middle east / somalia and people from other parts of africa like nigeria / kenya is the refugee status . 
  if you 're admitted asylum , you get permit of residence based on that regardless of your work skills or desires . 
  but coming from a `` safe '' country means that you need another reason , which is basically working/studying/marriage . 
  in general , nigerians compared to somalis in finland are better educated and have better language skills ( english is the official language in nigeria ) . 
  they also seem more willing to do low-paid jobs like cleaning and paper delivery . 
  they are mainly young people and christians with a culture of working also regarding women , whereas people from middle east and somalia often have big families with a lot of children and women not working for cultural reasons or lack of basic skills , like literacy . 
  there are migrants coming to work , and then there are refugees ( mainly from islamic countries ) . 
  these groups differ quite a lot in their employment numbers .
