  you are super original in ireland . 
  i like that . 
  we have heaters everywhere . 
  all houses have good insulation and heating so you 're comfortable in a t-shirt all year . 
  well okay , if you meant heaters to raise the temperature outdoors , that we do n't have yet ... 
  islam is so obsessed with sex . 
  sex is more immoral than murder ? 
  `` city '', 
  the employees hardly work 7 days a week . 
  i 'm a girl and sunny 16-20 is my favorite weather . 
  i do n't mind a few days at 25-27 but that get 's too heavy if it lasts longer . 
  i hate being sweaty 24/7 . 
  yeah , because `` good '' and `` bad '' are unequivocal and universal concepts . 
  wait ... 
  finnish google for poland : `` why is poland getting hotter ? '', 
  and `` why is poland breaking down ? '', 
  ... and then i realized the finnish word for poland ( puola/puola ) also means a bunch of other things ( spool , rung , coil ) . 
  depends on the god hypothesis . 
  the reason why `` god '' as such is usually hard to catch is its vague definition : it is described with ambigous terms that empiric science can not operate with . 
  however , a god hypothesis with exact definition of god 's qualities may be falsified . 
  example : `` god is a creature that sends a bolt of lightning on anyone who calls him a crap bag '' is easily falsified - we can confidently say that at least this type of a god does not exist . 
  what do you mean , i love the swedish emmentaler and the alps are very beautiful . 
  i just dislike having to exchange euros to francs every time i visit . 
  in 2006 i was in istanbul with my ( female ) friend . 
  one day she decided to wear shorts since it was 36 degrees . 
  se did n't exactly get attacked , but people behaved like she was something deserving no respect - they where frowning , making faces , talking about her with their friends . 
  both men and women . 
  clearly it was n't appropriate in their opinion . 
  after that we sticked to long jeans . 
  we just have too much space so we spread out . 
  it 's entropy . 
  i think it works like this . 
  first , two persons are standing at the tram stop 2 meters apart for no particular reason : there 's lots of space so no need to stand closer and be weird with a stranger . 
  then the third person comes and has to choose a spot to stand on : it would be awkward to go and stand between them , since there would be less than 1 m space to the others , and they have already chosen that they want to keep a 2 meters distance to whoever is present . 
  so they go and stand in the line , 2 m from the other person , out of pure respect . 
  then the fourth person arrives and sees 3 people standing in a line with 2 m of empty space between them . 
  where to stand ? 
  like the third person , you do n't wan na violate the early arrivers right to their chosen space . 
  also , in case you 'd choose to stand between two people , which one of the to empty spaces should you pick ? 
  it 's more polite to just go and stand in the other end of the line , 2 meters away , and not make anyone uncomfortable as they clearly need their space . 
  eventually 10 people are standing on the tram stop with exactly 2 m spaces , because they want to be polite and keep an appropriate distance chosen by the first two introverts . 
  i for one am not looking for friends while waiting for the tram . 
  friends are made at school , college , hobbies etc. 
  we are probably not that much into superficial acquaintance but long-lasting friendship . 
  same in finnish . 
  mamma , mumma , mummi , mummo are all words for grandmother . 
  we buy them to give them as presents to our relatives on christmas . 
  normally the finlandia-prize winner ( a finnish book award ) is given to about 4 family members , and one or two of them will actually read it . 
  someone can correct me if i 'm wrong , but the difference is that you will not have to apply for the basic income but it will appear on your bank account automatically . 
  the unemployment benefit has to be applied for in 2 week cycles , and it may be lost if any conditions are broken ( e.g. 
  you refuse to take a job offered for you ) . 
  this trial has been criticized for including only unemployed people : it will tell nothing about how a basic income would affect the whole society consisting of the low-pay job workers , students , parents at home , small business owners etc. , who are currently receiving welfare in one form or another . 
  please come , finns love spaniards . 
  we left because we could n't take the surstr\u00f6mming smell any longer . 
  different from other populations as well . 
  look at figure 5 : protein-truncating variation in exac . 
  the categories are african , east asian , european , finnish , south asian , latino . 
  however , it 's unlikely they have representative samples from all populations in the world . 
  like why only `` african '' when africa is said to have the highest genetic variation of all continents ? 
  surely they would see big differences between the bushmen and nandi ? 
  there 's no denying that . 
  most finns are shy , quiet , unsocial , and very happy . 
  related to the stereotype that finnish people are miserable , while in reality we rank among the happiest nations in the world . 
  i guess to a southener a finn may appear unhappy : we are reserved , do n't smile at strangers , do n't laugh out loud and wave our hands in enthusiasm as we speak . 
  that 's behaviour of a depressed person in southern europe . 
  how about the stereotype of being loud ? 
  if the current disappointing results are due to `` socialism '' , then how do you explain the success story from a poor , war-torn country to one of the wealthiest countries in the world during the previous decades ? 
  finland has had long phases with very rapid economic growth despite the policies that you call `` socialist '' . 
  hey , you 're the dick and we got some balls . 
  christiania was great 10 years ago when i first visited it . 
  a happy village with a special relaxed atmosphere , hippies and beautiful buildings . 
  but last year when i was there again , the whole area seemed to have turned into nothing else but a shitty weed market with face-covered dealers on every corner . 
  you are right , but the solution to the problem ca n't be a collective punishment to male applicants . 
  an anonymous application process without name / gender / ethnicity information is one possibility . 
  as a female i 'd feel humiliated getting hired to a position because of a quota , over a male candidate with better qualifications . 
  but if you do it for a tan , then anything before 9 am and after 5 pm is useless even in midsummer . 
  in spring or late summer the hours with a high enough uv index ( \u2265 2-3 depending on skin type ) is more like 12-14 . 
  potatoes do not have an `` unusual high amount of carbohydrates '' . 
  they contain about 76 kcal / 100 g , so one potato contains like 30-60 kcal . 
  also , potatoes have a very high satiety index , meaning that you feel full with less calories than from most foods . 
  well it 's not actually an anonymous questionnaire , but a method were you answer either the real question or an alternative question based on rolling a die . 
  you are the only one seeing the die . 
  example : q1 : have you used performance enhancing drugs ? 
  q2 : are you a human ? 
  if the die shows 1-3 , you answer q1 and if 4-6 , q2 . 
  the researcher only gets the total number of yes answers from all participants . 
  if it 's 50 % , no one admits doping . 
  if 100 % , everyone does . 
  of course this only works with a big sample size . 
  i get what you 're saying , but no , not everyone is currently `` forced '' to dope , at least in most sports ( even though some sports at some specific times may have been exceptions , like elite cycling in the 90 's and 00 's ) . 
  studies with anonymous questionnaires [ have shown ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1600-0838.2010.01199.x/abstract ) that even in the worst cases with a very broad definition of doping , not more than 39 % have doped ( in some only 1 % ) , and for the clean athlete there usually is at least an illusion of fair play as long as not many of their rivals get caught despite testing . 
  of course floyd landis `` had to '' dope because that was the culture in the sport at the time . 
  that has nothing to do with him wanting to allow doping , does it ? 
  doping control is far from perfect and it will never be perfect . 
  however , even if a control system does not work perfectly , it 's not a reason to stop all control . 
  we still have speed limits even when drivers regularly ignores them . 
  so fuck you all clean athletes , who happen to be like 95 % of all competitive athletes ( = national lever and lower ) . 
  international elites are just a minority of them all , and even the elites generally do not want free doping . 
  many of them dope , yes , because they believe they will have an advantage against those who do n't . 
  that motivation would be gone if everyone we 're allowed ( i.e.
