  there you go , you made it to day two  keep it up !, 
  well done !, 
  i ca n't wait to be there too . 
  it 's good that spring has n't come here yet :d, 
  keep it up !, 
  i allow myself to take it a bit easier and browse the internet more than i usually do - this is very distracting for me . 
  i also take advantage of the cold weather outside - i say to myself that i would very much prefer to remain inside , where is warm and cosy , than to shiver in the cold wind to have a nasty tar stick . 
  yes , i know i ca n't - it 's he who has to do it . 
  other thing is he does n't give a shit about my opinion , so i ca n't have a say . 
  thank you for the extensive reply !, 
  i do n't think he is willing to listen , but i wo n't give up . 
  i 've got some more ideas . 
  you mentioned some things about judging that he also has told me , but i have forgotten . 
  thank you, 
  i do n't know what could that bad thing be , i do n't think there will be anything in his routine . 
  still hoping , though, 
  well done !, 
  i am just at day 3 , but i feel the same way !, 
  i am on day 3 too and i also am experiencing some discomforts . 
  i am having difficulties breathing ( much more than i had when i was smoking ) , i have headaches and my throat is getting sore . 
  i also ca n't concentrate well , but i am not sure it 's cigarettes :d, 
  anyway , i look at this on the bright side - everything hurts and i physically do n't want to smoke because i know it will get worse . 
  it is getting annoying already , but i guess we just have to be patient and the pain will go away . 
  hang on !, 
  alright !, 
  i had same thoughts last week . 
  we can do it , 
  no , that 's not the attitude !, 
  think of it as something wonderful and trust me , you will feel the benefits very soon !, 
  thank you very much for sharing !, 
  ca n't wait to be there !, 
  very useful, 
  do n't worry , you will get it next time  . 
  as far i know it is quite common to have a few attempts , i failed the first time too !, 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  do n't forget , smoking wo n't help you with the exam anyway !, 
  i am not his girlfriend , i do n't have any say in what he does . . but yeah , i guess that i just have to let him be . 
  i noticed the extra room in the pockets , but somehow did n't give it much thought . 
  it 's nice :d !, 
  yes , water does the trick !, 
  lovely, 
  no , it was just second hand . 
  and yes , i know there will be such situations , although i hope that with the summer coming there wo n't be much of them . 
  i had some related experiences - two of my friends smoked in my car , then in a covered section of a restaurant and i was n't temped at all , just annoyed . 
  and i think it was day three , which they say is the hardest . 
  so i though i was safe , but i was wrong : / anyway , i will get through this . 
  thanks for the support !, 
  thank you , that was very helpful !, 
  yes , especially water !, 
  drinking water every time you have a craving is the healthiest thing you can do !, 
  i was thinking about a similar thing - get a hangover !, 
  it works for me !, 
  thank you !, 
  i  i will try to be ready for the next time , today it really came out of the blue . 
  and no , i thanked my boyfriend many times for helping me get over the craving , he was so supportive !, 
  i am doing to bed in a couple of minutes , but yeah , no smoking tomorrow :d !, 
  mixed feelings ? 
  they smell awful !, 
  what do you mean with that cold ? 
  have you been struggling that bad all the time ? 
  why not a fitness enthusiast ? 
  i also quit a week ago and today i had such an active day - i played tennis , ran in the park , did some exercise - and enjoyed every moment of it . 
  i had n't run since years , because my lungs hurt so bad and i even thought i could taste blood in them . 
  i feel active and full of energy , i ca n't wait the next physical activity !, 
  just try it and when you sense the difference you will be more than motivated !, 
  oh common !, 
  you are absolutely fine , nothing will happen to you from second hand smoke from 60 cigarettes !, 
  yeah , is n't it ridiculous ? 
  around 3-4 years ago there were debates in my country if smoking should be banned inside public places or not ( thankfully , they banned it  ) and i was arguing with smokers who claimed that it was so natural and normal to smoke , even as if they were born smokers . 
  they also denied to admit that they harmed other people and that the smoke spreads !, 
  i was so angry back then , how can people be that stupid , ignorant and arrogant ? 
  i guess most of them are too stupid to get that !, 
  well done  !, 
  of course we can !, 
  i absolutely agree . 
  too bad the mass thinks the opposite : /, 
  i kinda feel obliged to reply , just this morning i came across this report and it absolutely enraged me . 
  yes , we may be the poorest , the least educated and etc. , but one of the biggest problems is that a great part of the population takes great joy in moaning and bitching how unhappy they are !, 
  that 's the sad truth - yes , there are people living in material deprivation and are trapped by poverty , but a lot of people have perfectly normal lives , but always find something to be unhappy about !, 
  for instance , if there is a leak in a roof , all the residents living in the building will go `` ooooh , there is a leak on the roof , we 're so fucked , that 's life in bulgaria '' ( or `` only in bulgaria '' - that is a very common expression , that is just so wrong !, 
  ) , but nobody will take the initiative to gather the people and make the arrangements to fix it !, 
  moreover , in some cases it 's really the people 's fault for their misery - getting a loan for last model audi that they can barely afford !, 
  anyway , all i want to say is that a lot of bulgarians just talk shit about their country , but the truth is far less bad !, 
  please do n't believe everything they tell you !, 
  yes !, 
  i woke up with sore throat ( i definitely do n't have a cold ) and had headache since yesterday . 
  i took a pill for the headache and i am all good now . 
  i believe those are just temporary !, 
  keep going !, 
  well , have you read alan carr 's book ? 
  it 's all about proper mindset !, 
  constipation is quite normal , i guess the other things are too . 
  you can do this  !, 
  good luck !, 
  i was just about to say that she is not that fat , but a lie like this is not cool !, 
  the grass is always greener , 
  thank you , the description in is quite useful !, 
  but are n't they the same classifications ? 
  i do n't see the difference in the the links we posted . 
  anyway , i decided to be more descriptive in that report , so i may look into this in a more appropriate moment .
