  i hope you like it, 
  too bad there werent ' t any weights tho . 
  why , reddit , why ? 
  i feel the world is getting more and more corrupt in so many aspects . 
  everyday i witness how people doing their best to screw each other , take advantage of each other and that 's on every social level - not only big companies who are competiton to each other , but also normal people in everyday situation . 
  and even when they are not actually doing wrong to someone , they just hate . 
  there is so much hate and hypocrasy in the world - people making fun of someone for the way they dress , for the way they look , for one 's way of thinking , people talk behind each others backs . 
  people are ignorant of each other 's problems and do n't make the least effort to understand , not to mention respect , the person standing in front of them . 
  why ? 
  this is so awful and sad . 
  i am a very sensitive person and these things upset me deeply . 
  why ca n't we treat people with respect ? 
  i think that we can all learn from each other and use this knowledge to create something beautiful . 
  no one is inferior to no one , we are all people , everyone has their story , their problems and experience , yet people love to judge others on a daily basis without a slightest attempt to understand . 
  why ca n't we help each other instead of hiding information or gaining money at expense to others ?!, 
  this is so corrupted , i could cry . 
  and yet , when i state my views to friends or collegues , they are like `` awwww , that 's cute , but you are so naive '' well yes , i know i am naive and maybe quite childish , but yet i am aware of how things workl . 
  i know that in modern society as it is , everyone is competition to other people and should be `` eliminated '' that 's what i 've been taught ever since i was a child , the others are bad , you have to work your ass to be better and , if possible , screw them !, 
  i am aware that most companies offer a very limited number of vacant work positions and the competition is enourmous and you 'd better not inform any of your collegues for that , as he may take your place . 
  but why ? 
  why does it have to be like that ?!, 
  i might be naive , yes , but i truely believe things could change . 
  if only everyone could treat others with just a bit more respect and understanding . 
  i am under the impression so few good people are there in the world . 
  would it be that awful to confess that i really hate those bitches ?!, 
  seriously , you may think whatever you want about me , i admit that i am really , really jelous of the majority of girls posting there , i wish i looked like them , i wish i had their perfect , sexy bodies ... but i do n't . 
  i am very out of their league . 
  and seeing so much perfectly looking girls everyday makes me so depressed and hating myself ... though i keep my subscription so that i have some motivation to try to be just a little bit like them and take example on their confidence . 
  i do n't know , this really drives me crazy , it happens often that i open reddit for `` good morning '' and see them ... and my whole day is ruined . 
  and just the thought that my boyfriend loves that subreddit and looks at them ... . does n't make me any happier . 
  do n't really know why i wrote that , but i just needed to share my thoughts on that . 
  stupid attention whores !, 
  hey guys , i just wanted to share my happiness about that . 
  i 've been playing the game since the 6th grade , but naturally , i did n't understand anything back then . 
  i remember seing an old save and noticing with horror that most of my cities were in civil disorder and i had n't even noticed . 
  i always wondered why nothing worked right :d !, 
  but now i understand rules much more and i am getting better everytime . 
  the difficulty was warlock , i know it 's not a big deal at all , but again , just wanted to share . 
  i came across this picture, 
  and i must say that in my opinion it is absolutely correct !, 
  so ... does this apply to boys too ? 
  this is something i really do n't get . 
  yesterday i had such a hard time finding one without pads , most of the bras had really enormous ones . 
  why ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  why fooling someone when sooner or later the truth will be revealed ? 
  i was sooo disappointed to see this end just at the nipple clamps , my favourite part : / . 
  i visited the site to which it redirects , but there are only webcams . 
  help , please !, 
  i have the feeling noone expect my boyfriend gives a shit about me . 
  no one would ever call me to see me . 
  i did n't realise when things got so bad . 
  most of the time i spend with my collegues , which i do n't like that much and do n't speak to them often ... and then ... nothing !, 
  kinda sucks, 
  hey girls , i 've got this to ask you - any tips for choosing the right clothes ? 
  it seems i 've always had problems with that . 
  i look so bad most of the time , i wear old and comfortable clothes of which i have so few and i never manage to dress well . 
  at the same time i hate going shopping , maybe because of my body imperfections . 
  i act as if i wo n't be able to have clothes that look good on me until i lose some weight , but at the same time i see girls much bigger than me that look so well !, 
  i feel really bad about it , but do n't have a clue how to build my taste in clothes - browse some fashion sites maybe ? 
  i am going shopping tomorrow so i would be really grateful for some advice !, 
  hey guys , i have this relatively urgent question . 
  i am trying to help a friend , who has n't given me any details yet , so i ca n't be really specific . 
  i imagine i should look at some british development laws , but i have n't found any up to now . 
  or maybe i should search for a wind rose of london , so that i can see if there is any potential in the area at all , but i have n't found that either . 
  can any of you guide me what should i do ? 
  hey guys . 
  please help me , how do i help a loved one stop gaming ? 
  you know the drill - gaming all the time , not going out , losing his friends , in addition smoking pot every day . 
  i am really desperate , i really , really used to love this person , but recently he turned into complete asshole . 
  i know gaming is very addicting , i wasted a lot of time on games as well , but i never got that hooked . 
  so yeah , i know it is hard , but it really hurts me watching him wasting his time on this absolutely mindless games . 
  i would just love to crash his stupid computer into tiny pieces , and his stupid telephone also ... but i wo n't . 
  i have tried to invite him to take a walk in the park with me , to make him interested in something , i try to be gentle , caring and understanding , but it is really hard - he does n't listen at all . 
  please help me - how do i convince him to stop ? 
  damn smokers !, 
  i was at a party in a small room full of smokers and it smelled like shit !, 
  the nicotine in the air hit me and i got my first craving since i quit . 
  it was really hard and still has n't gone completely . 
  if it was n't my boyfriend who said `` please do n't !, 
  '' , i probably would have relapsed by now . 
  i am so happy they banned smoking in public places !, 
  i never had a craving and felt just perfect until i got to that room !!!, 
  i had breathed so much nicotine that i feel as if i smoked 3 cigarettes and now i only want more : /, 
  hey guys , i am writing a real estate market report , but i got stuck at the part where i have to describe the construction of the buildings . 
  i can do it in my own language , but i have to do it in english , so i did some research . 
  i found this : http://www.coinlaundryinsurance.com/whats-the-difference-between-building-construction-types/, 
  are those the official construction classifications ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hey guys !, 
  yesterday was my first bigger party since i quit and i am very proud to say that i did n't smoke . 
  i got really drunk , smoked pot , but i did n't want to smoke . 
  no cravings at all , 
  i always thought that real woman smell of flowers and other nice things and i always dreamed to be that way . 
  i dreamed that my so thinks of me when feeling a beautiful scent . 
  instead i used to smoke a lot in my room , when i was young and stupid i even kept my full ashtray in one of my drawers so that my parents would n't see it . 
  so gross !, 
  even smoking at the window could n't stop the stinking cigarette smoke . 
  but now i just had a bath and my room smells of lavender , aloe and all my cosmetics , sooo sweet ^_^ !, 
  ... and did n't even notice !,
