  wow , you can get tabex only from bulgaria ? 
  i did n't know what . 
  but it 's great that it works for you , 
  maybe this is exactly what puzzles me - not addressing the materials . 
  here in my country we classify them by bearing material - metal constructions ; concrete constructions - those are with concrete panel bearing walls , with non bearing brick walls ; wooden constructions and so on . 
  there must be some international standards out there , but it really will be some other day . 
  thank you , i got it now !, 
  and i also found what i was looking for , something like this : http://www.understandconstruction.com/types-of-construction.html . 
  i would never think that switching the word order would make such a difference :d . 
  wow , why the hate ?!, 
  i totally agree with you , i see nothing wrong in less than a pack a year . 
  i have friends who smoke that way and i though that is exactly what i wanted to achieve . 
  well , i though that when i smoked , now i do n't want to do it . 
  but if i light a cigarette on a special occasion and it does n't lead to chain smoking again , i would be ok with that !, 
  all right !, 
  go you !, 
  you 've some good reasons to stop smoking . 
  good luck !, 
  well done  !, 
  it is usually the opposite . 
  you are just at day one , give it some time  . 
  you will be fine soon !, 
  that is completely normal , yes . 
  you sleep better and your dreams are more vivid . 
  the smoking dreams are just your addicted brain . 
  i actually quite enjoy these and the feeling when i wake up , a pity i have n't had one by now . 
  damn , i wish i had seen that before i had breakfast : /, 
  no , i said i do n't want to do that , i do n't feel the need to smoke now . 
  and yet again , if i smoke 1 or 2 , but manage to stay quit , i would n't fall into depression or something - i would be ok . 
  hey , it was mine quit day too . 
  tomorrow we mark 10 days , stay strong !, 
  this is exactly like my plan . 
  i want to turn 25 as non-smoker , that 's three month from now . 
  keep going !, 
  well yes . 
  it might not be the popular opinion here , but i suggest that you wait for the exams to pass . 
  if they are that important , concentrate , take them well and quit in a more relaxed time , they say there is no perfect time to quit and one always finds excuses to postpone the moment , but i believe that your situation is an exception . 
  we all know that a couple of packs wo n't harm you that much more after all !, 
  wow !, 
  this describes a friend of mine so accurately !, 
  hey guys , i noticed that most of the content here is texts posts , so i decided to post a video for a change . 
  most of you probably know it already , but seeing it again does n't hurt !, 
  this is so sad : /, 
  a good mantra you 've got !, 
  maybe you caught the flu ? 
  i really can not comprehend this, 
  awesome written !, 
  thank you so much for that post !, 
  i was pretty messy few years ago and i gradually became more and more tidy . 
  i used some of this tips that you are listing , but now i am motivated to go to the next level . 
  i have n't realized what a huge difference makes !, 
  psychedelics and even weed make miracles with one 's motivation , i agree  well done !, 
  i am !, 
  awesome !, 
  well done !, 
  well done for not doing it , 
  i do n't think you should worry that much , you did n't inhale . 
  and even of you did , the mixture of pot and tobacco in two puffs wo n't harm you anyway . 
  thank you : ) i guess i am just lucky with an easy quit this time , i hardly have any cravings at all . 
  but you keep going , is it totally doable !, 
  i think of a `` lazy day off '' as of the time that i just let my mind free and do whatever comes to mind first . 
  oh , i turn off my computer before that . 
  i like cooking , reordering my stuff . 
  on the next occasion i am gon na practice some make-up . 
  ha , that batman reference is awesome actually !, 
  alright !, 
  i also would n't smoke , i do n't trust myself . 
  hey guys !, 
  i heard this track on blackout 38 podcast and i absolutely love the synth ( i think that 's what it 's called :d ) , i ca n't stop listening to it . 
  do you know anything similar tracks ? 
  please :d ? 
  i do it too . 
  i think that it 's ok as long as you do n't start smoking 20 cigarettes of weed a day :d imo it is quite different and weed actually helps me - all my cravings go away . 
  awesome !, 
  yes , you both had your last ones !, 
  it is easier than it seems , 
  i absolutely agree - it is so much more cosy and comfortable being a non smoker !, 
  she probably wanted her pic to be seen in those feeds . 
  i knew it :p congratulations  !, 
  that 's great !, 
  it 's very good for your teeth too . 
  i am aiming the same thing - no chocolate at all , i am going to substitute it with fruits . 
  i also quit smoking and think that fruit is essential for vitamin supply , which i was lacking when i was a smoker . 
  i could be related , i had very sore throat on the first three days then around day 7 , that even helped me restrain from smoking . 
  i do n't think you should worry , go to the doctor if it does n't get better the coming days . 
  one foot in front of the other !, 
  nice , 
  yep , it is . 
  you will experience various discomforts in the beginning . 
  do n't worry unless it continues more than a week , visit a doctor if in doubt . 
  i also quit soda , feels awesome . 
  keep drinking water too , it really helps !, 
  well , i took it easy and slept almost the whole first day ( it was sunday ) . 
  i did ' t make that much effort in the next days too . 
  i also allowed myself to eat whatever i want as much as i want ( which was not that much :d ) for the first week . 
  just take it easy , relax and make yourself as comfortable as you can !, 
  edit : do n't forget that soon you are going to physically feel amazing  !, 
  `` today i can go outside simply because i want to enjoy the warm weather . 
  not because it 's time to smoke . '', 
  that !,
