  i have a vague idea what to do , but i have to make a research to be sure it 's the right thing . 
  i hope everything works well in the end : /, 
  his reaction afterwards was hilarious :d !, 
  it wo n't work , these guys never get laid anyway :d, 
  description : swimmers crowd into china 's ` dead sea ' indoor swimming pool in daying county , sichuan province , china to escape high temperatures on july 11th 2015 . 
  more than eight thousand visitors from every corner of china flocked to the man-made ` sea ' to cool off, 
  so everyone has about 27 % chance to survive ... 
  i am sorry if i offend someone , but i want to make a reality-check here based on my experience . 
  if you analyse yourself and your behaviour would you find anything disturbing that might push people away ? 
  i suggest that you do it . 
  if you do n't think the problem is in you , then friends are just a matter of time and circumstances and you just have to be patient . 
  but i have this one `` friend '' , she always moans over everything . 
  every time we see each other it 's always complaining about work , the lack of boyfriend , lack of money , etc. 
  it is every single time , not just occasional mood . 
  we offer her advice , but she only responds with more complaining and usually hopeless . 
  it 's like `` oh , i will never graduate , my colleagues and teachers say that i ca n't do anything right , disrespect me , i always have bad grades '' . 
  and we told her just to get herself together and do her homework . 
  `` oh , i ca n't , i just like to be on facebook looking at random people 's profiles '' . 
  we tried really hard to help her for more than five years in many ways , but at some point we understood that it is hopeless and it 's like she enjoys to be sad and miserable , do nothing about it and complain to people . 
  well , of course i would n't want to see her , i am so tired of her shit and have other stuff to do . 
  soooo , i am just saying that you should make sure you are a good company . 
  and do n't get me wrong , you do n't have to be the center of attention , joking all the time and telling amazing stories , but to be able to have just a casual , pleasant conversation . 
  just make sure the problem is not in you . 
  awesome !, 
  oh my , she is so beautiful !, 
  damn , i love suspension and this one is just great !, 
  awesome , really good job !, 
  that 's a great idea acutually . 
  although i am not a fan of online dating . 
  very nice !, 
  thanks a lot , this is really awesome !, 
  go dusty !, 
  um , no , pressure may come from deadlines that are just impossible . 
  you may know how to do everything , but the time runs out . 
  damn , i want to be left for two hours like that, 
  amazing !, 
  leave the guy alone, 
  oh my , serbian stream !, 
  loving it !, 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  she looks enormous for sure !, 
  same here . 
  and i am totally addicted, 
  wow , that site is great !, 
  this is outrageous !, 
  as a real estate valuer , i totally agree !, 
  yes , i know there is one in vienna too . 
  i like him because he 's really hot !, 
  damn !, 
  awesome post !, 
  in the summer i looked for such music , but never thought to check here . 
  try this :, 
  it 's not very well mixed , the transitions are sometimes sharp and funny , but it is nice to listen to nevertheless . 
  welcome , i hope you will have a good time here in sofia !, 
  how big apartment are you looking for ? 
  for 250 eur per month you can find a pretty decent two-room flat in the center , furnished . 
  i am not a broker , but i work with real estate , i can help you with advice if you want . 
  just tell me what size are you looking for and i can give you some clues . 
  it 's true though that most of the sites do n't have english explanations . 
  i 'll check to see if there is a good one . 
  do n't worry too much about it . 
  generally it 's pretty safe , excluding some neighbourhoods , but you probably wo n't have to go there . 
  if you are going out in bars or clubs , it would be nice to have someone with you . 
  that 's because of those ... flirty boys that would always talk to girls that are alone . 
  but i guess that 's normal everywhere , it 's nothing too disturbing ( i am a girl too ) . most of them are just looking for a flirt and are harmless , they would n't bother you if you do n't want to talk to them . 
  the young people in sofia are very friendly in general , most of us speak english . 
  and i feel that most of the people are especially friendly towards foreigners , so it wo n't be hard for you to make friends , starting from your colleagues probably . 
  what is your internship ? 
  you should definitely visit vitosha mountain !, 
  it 's just near sofia . 
  lots of people go there skiing and snowboarding . 
  also you could go to bansko , although the general reviews are not that good . 
  i am not into winter sports , ca n't help you with particular places . 
  it 's so nice to have guests : ) i wish you the best experience . 
  feel free to ask anything : ), 
  the real estate websites are really a disaster when it comes to english !, 
  here , try this one - http://bulgaria-property.imoti.net/ . 
  no english explanation on most of the offers though . 
  sorry for the quick reply , but i want to tell you i was the same . 
  two years after i finished my bachelors , it all looks good !, 
  do your best and do n't lose hope !, 
  reddit is waaaaaay times better than facebook !, 
  at least my mix of subreddits !, 
  unfortunately it 's not only us , there are so many species suffering and dying because of us . 
  i hate us . 
  gta 5 !!, 
  nole the best < 3 !, 
  hello and welcome : ), 
  i work in the real estate business . 
  i am not a broker , but i can help you with translation ( the most useful sites are in bulgarian only ) and tips and tricks . 
  i do n't propose this as a paid service , as it might sound , just a friendly advice : ) . 
  and 600 levas are more than enough to get you a nice , furnished , one bedroom apartment near a metro station . 
  here are some quick-search suggestions , you might look at the pictures at least :, 
  i myself rented an apartment last month , so here is what you might encounter : the brokers might say that they are veeery busy , at times they wo n't even answer the phone . 
  i am not sure how many of them know english , but i am almost sure that in the bigger agancies they do . 
  be prepared to pay initial price of two and a half or even three rents - one is for the first month , one is a deposit that will be given to you when you leave and the rest is the broker 's fee . 
  sometimes ( in my case also ) two deposits will be required , but the property is managed by a professional firm and every problem we might have will be resolved by them . 
  the other thing is that in most cases the brokers will tell you that the offer you are calling them for is already taken , which might be true , maybe not . 
  they will ask you what are you looking for and try to find something for you . 
  they probably wo n't send you pictures of the property they want to show you before the inspection .
