  i personally got irritated when that happened to me , i did n't want my time wasted , but i do n't know how to avoid that . 
  we found our apartment via a rather unpleasant broker . 
  he rather pushed us into a deal - he said he was in such a hurry , that there would be another people waiting to inspect the same property in 15 minutes , so we have to decide quickly and stuff like that . 
  we really liked the flat and decided to take it and it turned out good , but you have to have in mind what you might encounter . 
  if you need more information , message me , i can at least give you a short resume of the neighbourhoods . 
  good luck : ), 
  this is a standart clause in rental contracts . 
  yes , you can , but you lose your deposit . 
  i think that 's the common case . 
  again in my case - if we leave before the end of the contract ( one year ) with notification one month in advance , we lose one deposit . 
  if we leave without notification for some reason and just stop paying , we lose both deposits . 
  i really hope everything is ok in london, 
  good luck !, 
  men with beards and hair are so much more attractive than the ones who are shaved !, 
  `` any tips for calming cravings ? 
  preferably non-oral fixation . '', 
  fruits !, 
  juicy fruits !, 
  that 's my favourite perk and it 's the thing that helps me the most :d !, 
  omg , that 's awesome !, 
  what ?!, 
  no comments ? 
  your husband is really hot !, 
  happy you : ) !, 
  people from small countries like the ones on the balkans , we should be good at as many languages as we can so that we can be competitive . 
  meanwhile , kerber won the tiebreak . 
  i really hope she wins the match !, 
  i would love to see this, 
  it does n't - there are the nytimes and bbc . 
  i am surprised this happened in 2008 . 
  yes !, 
  fucking common sence !, 
  gdp means nothing , goddammit !!, 
  well , it 's still discussed among economists - there are many who oppose the idea that the gdp is a measure of the well-being of a nation . 
  i read an article about it and i remember this example - if a disaster happens , all the expenses for the reconstruction of buildings , healthcare , insurance and others will count to the gdp , but it 's still a disaster . 
  i am not an economist though , but i really believe that theory . 
  yes , i did n't say it did . 
  i am saying that economic activity does n't correlate to one 's well being . 
  do n't get me wrong - i do n't want to oppose for the sake of the argument , just to discuss the topic . 
  and thiem too . 
  yes !!!, 
  so many bulgarians are going to work and live in western europe , because they say that our county is shit and '' the only way is the airport '' . 
  as bad as it is , it wo n't get any better if the people are fleeing and i really angry abut that !, 
  thank god , there are also some people that are coming home for good . 
  do you believe that ? 
  i would love this to happen , but i am skeptical . 
  i am not saying it 's not horrible ... but i am wondering if this is not an act of manipulation so that a lot more people turn against islam . 
  a serious question - do yo guys think we can really handle that ? 
  i mean , for so many years we europeans used to solve our problems with other people mostly peacefully . 
  from the people in my surrounding there are hardly any that can handle a street fight . 
  most people are weakened by alchohol , tobacco , sitting in offices and in frnt of tv , abundance of food , including junk and very little physical activities . 
  i doubt that even the gym maniacs and people practicing regular sports would be able to oppose those savages . 
  i 've seen a lots of young gypsies ( which are almost the same as the immigrants to me ) fighting each other just for fun in there spare time . 
  not to mention that the majority of the european population is aging . 
  i am really , really scared . 
  these people are so ignorant !, 
  good . 
  if it 's bad for logistics , it 's bad for business . 
  i hope in that case the big corporations will put pressure on governments to solve this . 
  am i right ? 
  please !, 
  i agree with you . 
  awesome !, 
  me too . 
  awesome !, 
  this is so depressing, 
  i used to be a night owl too , until i had to get a regular job . 
  i hated the new schedule at first , but i had to get used to it , no choice . 
  i very much miss staying up in the night . 
  but you are n't the current # 1 in the world , 
  kerber is so cute !, 
  i would really like her to remain in the top 10 !, 
  yeah , but that 's not always a good thing, 
  that is really inspirational !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  really ? 
  and what exactly can one do against the crazy birth rates on the other end of the world ? 
  same for me . 
  i just ca n't believe how clueless are the people around me !, 
  even supposedly intelligent people like engineers and even economists . 
  i hope she keeps up to the rest of the tournament . 
  i love this one . 
  check out this remix !, 
  hahahah , this is awesome !, 
  does anybody know what 's going on with belinda bencic ? 
  she has n't played in a while and now she 's missing rg too ? 
  are you seriously asking that ? 
  not much info in the bulgarian media too . 
  from the greens ? 
  why ? 
  so many characters back !, 
  and now we are waiting for gendry !, 
  omg , they are playing !, 
  what happened ? 
  i could n't watch . 
  ... and people just wo n't stop using plastics for everything !, 
  murray ? 
  who cares about the homo sapien !? 
  it 's our fault and the planet will be much better without us . 
  the saddest thing is that many other species suffer because of us !,
