  i am still relatively new to reddit and i do n't have the habit to look at people 's profiles . 
  yes , i am not a hardcore gamer at all , but still i have the feeling that old games are much better - baldur 's gate is another example imo . 
  and that goes especially to the turn-based strategies . 
  nowadays they rely on graphics much more than game play . 
  they totally ruined disciples - the third part did n't have the brilliant and unique combat system of the second . 
  but that 's another topic  . 
  after a few more games i am going for the next difficulty , i have no idea how it 's called :d . regent maybe ? 
  but why ? 
  why are they doing that ? 
  i think nobody could claim showing your genitalia all over the internet is very decent , right ? 
  thank you for the relief , i feel better now  i do n't have a camera , but i do n't feel the need to seek attention that way ( anymore ), 
  thank you , 
  yes , especially if someone else has the un !, 
  haha , yes , that 's exactly the case . 
  i enjoyed building great wonders but i never managed to actually complete one . 
  i liked when the picture emerged , it was such a rare occassion . 
  this is a very good selection !, 
  i would add , lame as it may be , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dapo6q4fxdw :d . fans will know !, 
  i heard a great quote once , or at least it really impressed me . 
  it 's `` everyday do one thing that scares you . '', 
  i am concinved that 's the only way to stay excited about life . 
  because i have the feeling that if you ignore them , they will just get grumpy or angry and there will be no posivite effect . 
  yes , of course everyone is different !, 
  but still , there are some similarities in human behaviour , right ? 
  and yes , thanks for the answer !, 
  here 's a link to the info, 
  she is very hot imho, 
  awesome !, 
  and the whole series is very good !, 
  it 's interesting you mentioned bulgarian . 
  i am flattered !, 
  wow . 
  hater much ? 
  i did found what i was looking for , do n't worry . 
  i am not putting down anyone , just asking , cause i genuinely do n't understand . 
  yes , if you put it this way , you are right !, 
  no idea what 's his name , sorry : /, 
  well , i find them in tubegalore . 
  i think i 've got one video bookmarked , but i am at work now , i will post it in a while . 
  there you go  !, 
  omg , this is golden !, 
  sooo good !, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i do call them , i call my friends like twice a week to see how they are . 
  it 's just that we both are too busy and progressively became more and more distant . 
  and now that 's the result, 
  alright !, 
  i officially admit this is my deepest fetish . 
  i would really love to be on the receiving end . 
  i should talk my boyfriend into this . 
  hahah , so am i :d . 
  this guy knows what to do with her !, 
  around 22:00 - my faves . 
  sorry guys , i do n't know why you ca n't see it . 
  it works perfectly well here, 
  damn , it does n't work for me now too : / . 
  sorry , this was my first time browsing that site , i did n't know there were such problems . 
  i ca n't even remember what the video was !, 
  oh , there it is , found it again . 
  it 's called `` restraint beauty '' . 
  should be ok in video-one . com , bdsm category, 
  nice !, 
  well done to you !, 
  just wonderful !, 
  how old are you ? 
  light it is , indeed, 
  there 's another one , if you are interested !, 
  the last scene is a killer !, 
  omg !, 
  this is soooo hot !, 
  please , repost it to bdsm video so that more people can find it . 
  throw away the pack of smokes , man . 
  i wonder what will happen when the sea level rises - i 've read articles about climate change refugees ? 
  oh man , i feel so envious !, 
  go on and enjoy being in love , 
  maybe you are thinking too much about it ? 
  well , why do n't you rat him out ? 
  are n't there any more people with authority to whom you can complain if your boss does n't believe you ? 
  first of all , thank you so much for replying . 
  most of the people i try to talk to are like '' yeah , yeah , i know , your job sucks , let 's talk about something else '' . 
  of course i know no one can solve my problems . 
  but yes , it is about money here , as i need them to pay my semester . 
  and also a little more money could make me happier , as all the money i 've got , i am saving for the university . 
  maybe if i had a little more for myself ... 
  i would n't have to wear the same clothes i wore in high school that have already become so raggy and be able to take more breaks from work . 
  anyway , thanks again , i will try to make myself happy and confident again . 
  you know what they say , the best way to defeat your enemies is to smile . 
  if that person is acting like that deliberately , try to show him you do n't care , hard as it is . 
  a tough situation , yes . 
  i 've been in a similair one , but , sorry to say that , a bit more desperate . 
  so i think you 've got very good chances !, 
  first of all , the facts she has s boyfriend does n't mean they are going to be together forever , you probably realise that . 
  and the other thing . 
  i am not saying you have to sabotage their relationship , but why do n't you try to subtly get her attention ? 
  as a girl , i think that acting directly wo n't get you the best results if the preparation is now right . 
  imo you have to set her mind into you by sublte , small tricks . 
  for example , try to give her a look that says `` i want you sooo bad '' , combined with a coyly smile , just for a moment , in the right time . 
  with the same look try approaching her as if you are about to kiss her , but then back away . 
  try saying ambiguous things , that can be interpreted as sexual in a way , jokes with sexual content . 
  apart from that , act completely normal , even a bit distant .
