  the idea is to `` plant '' thoughts about you in her mind . 
  make her feel special , but make her wonder if you really find her so or she is just imagining things . 
  make her want to be with you , make her feel the most special girl on earth !, 
  i think that 's the key to every girl 's heart . 
  if you make obvious statements she will either say yes or reject you , it would be awkward anyway . 
  also , she will easily lose interest that way . 
  i do n't know if i am explaining that right , but someone did this to me once and i was mad about that person , i saw him as a god . 
  every single time he smiled at me was like a blessing and made me happy for a week . 
  that 's my experience . 
  i think this is the most effective way to get a girl . 
  it takes time but it pays off . 
  anyway , sincerely wishing you good luck !, 
  awesome !, 
  if only there were nipple clamps ... 
  those are clothespins and hurt much less than nipple clamps, 
  well i am on the other side of the coin here . 
  i am a girl and i am progressively gaining weight . 
  it 's not too much yet , but i do n't feel confident about my appearance anymore . 
  ever since i started this 9-5 office job , my weight has increased . 
  i 've been with my boyfriend for almost 8 years , we really love each other . 
  but i realize i am a bad girlfriend . 
  i 've got problems at work and i feel down most of the time . 
  my boyfriend is quite supportive , but i know that 's not the right way to treat him . 
  i am starting a strict diet from tomorrow ( it 's bedtime here ) , wish me luck !, 
  why do n't you try this ? 
  https://www.odesk.com/ i think it 's perfect - you do n't need experience , you just need to prove your abilities and your location is not a problem . 
  you should learn the business language and etiquette . 
  i have to do this everyday - i have to `` kindly '' remind people they are late with their tasks , quarrel with people , sometimes threat people that they wo n't get paid ... and i am a very good and shy person and i really hated it in the beginning . 
  but i am starting to learn the common phrases that sound acceptable and subtle , yet everyone understands the meaning . 
  and it got much easier . 
  depends on your experience - if you have n't had any serious jobs , it 's ok to list them . 
  but if you had at least one serious job - then do n't put `` temps '' . 
  try to estimate your abilities and responsibilities precisely . 
  you 'll get the hang of it  . 
  and yes , sorry i disregarded that you were looking for the exact words . 
  i remember my first emails , it took me between 15 to 20 minutes to write the most simple ones and after each one i asked experienced people to look at it before i sent one . 
  anyways , good look with getting a response !, 
  so vanilla !, 
  i am the girl in this situation . 
  i 've been with my boyfriend for a very long time . 
  a few years back , both him and his best friend changed a lot and suddenly i found myself madly in love with my boyfriend 's bestfriend . 
  and i think he liked me back , which made things even more difficult . 
  it was reeeally hard for me - i was so mad about this person , i thought about him most of the time , but on the other hand i have deep respect for my boyfriend and felt like a whore for my feelings , i felt so guilty . 
  i tried to comfort myself with `` love is blind '' , `` love has no borders '' and bullshit like this , it did n't really help me . 
  but we never did anything wrong . 
  even when we were alone and we had the chance to do anything , he used that chance to remind me that '' ... but nothing can ever happen , you are his '' and that phrase usually came from nowhere , it was just like he wanted to reassure that we were both on a same page about that . 
  so yeah , that 's what best friends do . 
  well yes , you got that right . 
  i am feeling insecure these days and not that good about myself . 
  i know , of course , that i ca n't be perfect , but i have been feeling down lately and was terrified from the mirror . 
  but i think that being in a good outfit would make me want to take care of myself and make efforts much more than now . 
  where i am from , most of the shops have personal shoppers but most of the time they are grupmy and annoyed but the presence of customers . 
  it 's hard to find good service like that . 
  `` very few people actively seek to shop on a regular basis . 
  you 're not alone in that feeling . '', 
  yes , but i 'll try , i think that 's the key to dressing well for me . 
  one piece of clothing a month sounds good . 
  and yes , maybe this is a mistake i make - i do n't have a favourite type of clothing - i just combine them so that it looks and feels well . 
  i should try to analize that . 
  omg , those are awesome !, 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  i ca n't think of a question yet , but i just want to say to you i love bust a move , especially the piano part at the end . 
  it 's an absolute masterpiece !, 
  thank you very much for your awesome music !, 
  sofia , bulgaria , as well as cooh is !, 
  damn !, 
  where are the comments ?!, 
  this would be astonishing scene !, 
  it 's not fun without the rope, 
  gosh , i am soooo envoius !, 
  i was thinking exactly the same just now , when i was browsing some bdsm sections . 
  so hard to find something new and interesting !, 
  source please ? 
  omg , awesome !, 
  i would also appreciate a link to such a video , i also love exactly this moment , by the hands preferably . 
  if i come across something , i will try to remember to share here . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  it 's location , location , location !, 
  as a real estate valuer , i can assure you that the location is everything in the value !, 
  we 've seen how this ends up in breaking bad :d, 
  omg , this is awesome !, 
  thank you !, 
  well done , 
  yes , it affects erections and libido . 
  stay clean as much as you can !!, 
  you ca n't, 
  favourite picture of mine, 
  thanks for the link !, 
  nipple clamps would be nice !, 
  offtopic : sounds like that `` predestination '' movie :d, 
  you look awesome , well done !, 
  i have to admit that i am envious . 
  good luck , man !, 
  i am on my first day too !, 
  keep it up !, 
  what other benefits have you felt up to now ? 
  well done , go for it !, 
  life is so much fun outside !, 
  i do n't know if has any relation at all , but i know that the best way to lucid dream is to be absolutely sober all the time , so that your brain can rest normally . 
  maybe that has something to do with it ?
