no , because of the reason the icebergs are melting in the first place - the global warming !, 
  thanks for sharing , this is one of the best !, 
  that 's great , thanks !, 
  i really love to watch suspensions , although i prefer when the suspension is by the hands ... 
  been there , done that :d . 
  do n't worry - i know how much it hurts and how bad it is , i 've been in a situation like this for quite a while . 
  eventually , everything passes and comes to its place ( :, 
  is it really ? 
  no irony there , it 's just that i am 22 , but am a bit worried about the future, 
  a really kewl linear scale bar !, 
  that sounds pretty weird but also very logical at the same time . 
  i shall try it now , sounds like a remedy to my slackness, 
  i began drinking tea insted of coca-cola . 
  at fisrt i just wanted to substitute it with something healthier and sugar-free , but then i started to make difference between the different tea flavours and it 's so delicious . 
  especially when the hebrs are gathered from the mountain . 
  also , everytime i go ti the mountain nearby , i am like : damn , i should do this more often , like every week ! '', 
  could you provide a link , please ? 
  i absolutely agree !, 
  but what if your partner gets irritated by the slightest act of affection like a single fondle on the hair or a brief chat ? 
  is that cheating too ? 
  is it that much to ask :( ? 
  woooooow , i did n't know such an expansion existed !, 
  oh god , i am far from a good actress , but i would soooo much like to experience at least one of these plays !, 
  i personally think that you 'd better imply how incredibly sexy you find her . 
  i also have issues and my boyfriend is often trying to console me , but all he does is talk . 
  sweet as it is , but it does n't have a big effect , maybe because it 's so easy to lie . 
  what really helps is non-verbal message , make her feel the most special person on the planet ( as she is to you ) . 
  things like teasing her when you 're outside with other people , you know in a fun way , showing your attraction , kiss her hand . 
  but the best weapon ever is the looks you give her . 
  choose an appropriate situation an look her in the eyes like you want to fuck the shit out of her . 
  add a ... how to say ... seducing smile , you know . 
  this is the best thing ever to make a woman feel sexy . 
  sorry for my language , but i think you get the idea , 
  but be careful - it has to look genuine . 
  if she catches you doing it on purpose , you might lose her trust about that and feel really bad . 
  the same goes for words , by the way , there 's nothing worse than receiving a fake compliment !, 
  the body language part might be a bit tricky and hard to master , but believe me , once you get to do it right , she will not only feel better about herself , but she will surprise you with how wild she can get !, 
  every damn day, 
  as a child i loved to read books about indians and i became sooo fascinated by your culture , traditions , respect to each other and nature , i wanted to be an indian so bad !, 
  when i grew up i learned more about you from different sources , yet again only historic stuff . 
  i am still fascinated , but life made me too concentrated on everyday problems only and i rarely have time to think about things not related to work . 
  i 've heard things are bad now , but did n't know much details . 
  that 's so sad :(, 
  i would love to hear some native american traditional or modernised music . 
  could you please recommend me something good ? 
  in my country there are a lot of traditional songs too , but you can only hear them in small villages , sung by local people and there almost are n't any recordings or published albums . 
  you 've got to search really hard to find one . 
  that 's why i am asking , i suppose it 's the same case ? 
  true that !, 
  imo facebook is quite a bad place in general . 
  time-sucking-void :d . i 've deactivated my account two weeks ago and i feel quite happy about it . 
  do much less bullshit , i do n't have to see people 's dumbness everyday . 
  i strongly recommend that !, 
  is it the university what makes you depressed ? 
  being away from home ? 
  happiness is a state of mind , as oversued essense as it may be . 
  unless it is a medical condition , it depends entirely on you . 
  what makes you happy ? 
  do these things more often - make your favourite meal , read a book , take a walk to the parts of the city you have n't explored yet . 
  i think the best way to fight depression is to do things you do n't normally do , change the ambience around you , do something new . 
  i found a quote from someone that really opened my eyes : '' every day do one thing that scares you '' i believe that is the key to happiness or at least excitement , which is better than depression , right  ? 
  i know . 
  but i do n't like it . 
  still , i think that in some communities things were different . 
  for example , i 've heard that japanese always work for the sake of the community and not the individual . 
  and i 've heard it not from some anime , manga - stuff , but there was an article in a major media about japanese psychology as a nation and i they even told us that in marketing class at the university . 
  moreover , i think that japaneses ' sense of dignity and honor are world-famous . 
  i really admire those people.and also , i believe that such relations existed when there were much less people in the world and people relied on each other for survival , maybe in small villages , tribes , etc. 
  i tought of other thing that just makes me mad !, 
  - the lack of respect to elder people . 
  in my surroundings , it 's much more common to hear about `` those old fools '' , instead of a sign of respect . 
  yes , it does , 
  sorry for the dumb question , but how exactly do i `` swipe '' the photo ? 
  i tried lots of things to see the next slide , but it seems i just ca n't do it . 
  i feel retarded right now , but i 've never had problems as such . 
  when i work , i work really hard , but when i do n't have something important - university or work related - to do , i get lazy and i do n't do the things i really want to do - work out , draw , cook and the like . 
  that 's my drama . 
  i just cried my eyes out , not sure why . 
  it was like a burst, 
  is it me ? 
  i though most people feel the same way . 
  but if you are right that 's good , it means i could change my way of thinking more easily ? 
  i know :( but i guess that 's natural . 
  there are always beautiful girls around when i go out with friends and they get all the male attention , i just ca n't help it :(, 
  yes, 
  well , i am , but some things just ca n't be changed without surgery . 
  and yes , i am slowly working to earn the job that will make it possible for me to have a surgery . 
  yes , a link would be great !, 
  also , this position does not allow ... much things . 
  and doesn ' restrain that much . 
  what if the legs are bent behind and the arms are tied to them ? 
  just like that http://3d-bdsmart.com/pics/38bruised_and_hot_babe_on_the_3d_bdsm_porn-500x468.jpg ( sorry for the ugly picture , but you get the idea . ), 
  i almost rage quit the last game , as in the beginning i had such a bad luck . 
  bud i continued and now i am at the top !, 
  yeah , right , sorry for that :d . 
  mmmm , i can , but i do n't like it that much , i prefer civ 3 . 
  yes , it does , but that does n't necessarily mean it 's better . 
  heroes 5 looks better than heroes 3 , but the later is still soooooo much better . 
  it 's just that i am more used to civ 3 , i like it simple . 
  you are right , i should have noticed .
