  i could n't imagine the joy i would feel just by standing on my window ( the same place i used to smoke at ) and breathing the fresh spring air !, 
  happy birthday !, 
  that is the best present you can make yourself !, 
  enjoy yourself , 
  haha , thank you . 
  i feel awesome too !, 
  ca n't wait to get where you are , 
  i also ca n't get rid of the stink of my clothes , especially coats and jackets . 
  and yes , nice smelling hair is also a great bonus  . 
  i used to tie my hair every time i was in a smoking room , but it did n't help . 
  cheers !, 
  edit : stupid mistake :d . 
  doest it get even better than now ? 
  most of the articles i read claim that the senses of smell and taste come back at about 4-5 days , but i have n't felt much difference , except for the lack of cigarette smoke . 
  i am looking forward to the spring and hope it will be full of scents !, 
  i know :d it was strong enough even when i smoked , i hated the smell . 
  and yes , they could smell it , but it seemed like a good decision at the time . 
  as i said , i was young and stupid !, 
  they found out in the first place because i threw the fags in the toilet and they did n't flush ... 
  awesome !, 
  very gross indeed . 
  and i thought that there were people who did n't know i was smoking . 
  how could they not know , it stinks so bad !, 
  yes , i have noticed a lot if benefits already and i do n't intent to ruin my progress for some stupid craving !, 
  i am really happy with an easy quit this time and i will do my best not to fail : ), 
  just wait , give it some time . 
  the discomfort will soon go away !, 
  we 're with you !, 
  awesome , you look so good !, 
  well done !, 
  bravo !, 
  hahahaha , awesome !, 
  those are awesome !, 
  i wish my friends would comprehend that ... but they are not ready yet, 
  well , it 's ok until they start to be a problem and actually harm my relationships with family and friends , which did happen this friday . 
  but i am grateful that everyone is so supportive : ), 
  edit : grammar, 
  omg , that is so me !, 
  i worked for an year and a half for the most awful person i have ever met and hated every day of it !, 
  i know she hated me back . 
  recently i decided to end this unhealthy relationship ( we were alone with her 8 hours a day ) . 
  ever since i like my job , do it with great enthusiasm and effort and i am getting better in every aspect in my life !, 
  awesome !, 
  thank you very much for sharing , it 's always good to see other people 's progress , struggles and line of thoughts , very inspirational !, 
  i am also experiencing a slow change . 
  it all started with me quitting an abusive boss and starting to work for a company that actually values me and even when i am wrong they treat my in a professional manner instead of screaming and calling me stupid . 
  i started working from home where i had all the peace and quiet i needed . 
  i did my work well and was recognized for it . 
  i also smoked pot , which affects me in a similar way that you described your lsd experience . 
  that caused a series of small and bigger changes some of which are quitting smoking , eating cleaner , picking up sports - tennis and dancing . 
  it 's not much , it 's been only two months , but i will go on . 
  pot has always helped me - years ago it motivated me to get a job , which is why i am way ahead of my colleagues , and helps me get better all the time . 
  i do n't smoke too much - about 3 times a month on average , maybe less . 
  i call them `` sessions '' , as it really helps me track my progress and set new goals . 
  it 's my form of mediation , though i am considering to try the real one . 
  i am hoping there will be right conditions tomorrow to make another `` session '' , but i already now what i will be thinking about . 
  getting more concentrated at work , less procrastination - successfully applying the pomodoro and work-outs for certain muscles and results , also yoga . 
  good luck to us !, 
  thank you , it 's good ,, 
  my god !, 
  awesome transformation !, 
  well this is disputable imo . 
  i did n't tell anybody except my boyfriend and my parents , i did it on day three , just to be sure . 
  but then my boyfriend told everyone :d . he wanted to complement me , so i ca n't be too angry . 
  there were also people that noticed themselves . 
  and yes , that created social pressure , but this is exactly the reason i am quitting again now , so i guess it 's a good thing . 
  ^ thanks for the support guys !, 
  and i have to point that the first day has been much easier this time , as i know the tricks i used last time and it works good !, 
  yeah , but some of the heading it posts are reeeally good !, 
  yeah , that was pretty lame . 
  damn , i am jealous !, 
  yes , mj actually gets me really productive !, 
  i 've been suffering from that all my life, 
  it 's a good article . 
  do n't be so sure . 
  i am a girl and even my boyfriend does n't want to tie me up . 
  awesome !, 
  and the answer is :, 
  everything else in our relationship is great , so i guess i have to accept that fact : /, 
  scrambled eggs with white cheese , tomatoes with walnuts and basil and meat from time to time . 
  is there a video of that ? 
  i could n't find any . 
  well here they are :d, 
  daaamn , i want to be like that, 
  source please ? 
  awesome , i am a big fan of ducktape too , i feel i will be spending lots of time here . 
  i will try to contribute soon !, 
  i came to ask this :d, 
  thank you !, 
  what happened ? 
  well , get out of here and do something instead !, 
  jeesh , i have n't heard that term , but , do n't pay attention to whoever uses it . 
  it 's is bdsm and whoever calls it `` rape fantasy '' is just ignorant . 
  they just do n't know about it . 
  most people have the wrong idea about the whole thing . 
  i 've had this fetish ever since i was little and i have heard many stupid things being said . 
  if you 're into that , there are a lot of bdsm communities here . 
  thank you for the advice , it 's always refreshing to hear such a success story . 
  what do you do now ? 
  i though about a career consultant , but i think that there is no such service in my country .
