  you are ignorant to say that we are the most intelligent species . 
  we people are dumb , greedy and ingorant enough to ruin a whole planet , the only one we can live on . 
  you call that intelligent ? 
  you must be joking !, 
  just google it !, 
  here is just an example : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/humans-are-not-smarter-than-animals-we-just-dont-understand-them-9003196.html, 
  but that was not my point anyway . 
  no intelligent species is self-destructing like we do . 
  just like the matrix !, 
  yes , we are capable of protecting and restoring our habitat , but we choose to destroy in for the sake of profit instead . 
  i sincerely do n't get your point . 
  why are you protecting the humans ? 
  we are cutting forests down , killing all the living creatures inside , cutting down the supply of oxygen , which we ca n`t live without . 
  we eat junk and plastic , we pollute the oceans and the ground , where we get our food from , we enslave , torture and kill inferior species for pleasure and profit , we kill ourselves taking varoius kinds of poison and feeding ourselves to death . 
  we destroy everything on this planet and the fact that we are perfectly capable of doing the opposite only makes it more pitiful , because we do n't . 
  this makes our intelligence irrelevant . 
  we are dumb , ingorant and repulsive . 
  are you optimistic about the future ? 
  i am not . 
  and it 's not true that other species exploit their habitats until destructed . 
  most of the species are endagered of extintion because of humans and not themselves . 
  that 's an interesting claim , do you have any reference ? 
  i could n't find any dating that far in time . 
  i guess that only time will show what the future holds . 
  i hope for the best , even though it 's really difficult at times . 
  what about the museum in the old mines ? 
  really ? 
  that 's very interesting !, 
  which are those cities ? 
  veeeery light dnb . . but ok , kinda legit . 
  [ just a rant ] i really hate the fact that everyone is supposed to wake up early . 
  i know it 's more natural and everything , but when i was in the university i used to work at night and get uo around noon - i was really productive and it was a very good time in my life . 
  i was forced to adjust my schedule when i started working and i hate it - i do n't like waking uo when it 's dark outside . 
  i hope to get a job that allows me to work at night some day . 
  yeah , why not . 
  either some good dnb or no dnb at all . 
  but i hate weddings anyway . 
  the weather situation aint much better these days . 
  man , i was sooo disappointed to understand that dj fresh once did those awesome tunes with bad company and that makes me even more sad and angry when i hear his pop-dnb-bullshits in the mall ... 
  nope , we need less people on the planet and organic agriculture . 
  that 's because he 's really handsome < 3, 
  tell that my boss !, 
  that 's two hours from now , right ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  poor guy pospisil !, 
  so he did !, 
  wow , i did n't know troicki had such a bad temper . 
  if feels like a low level on a more difficult map . 
  me and my friends are also very inexperienced and buy new balls as soon as we lose all the other ones :d, 
  looks like simon is going to bagel carreno busta . 
  again ? 
  actually i think that early retirement is possible mainly because of capitalism 's mechanics . 
  have n't checked the resources you linked yet , bit imho the possibility of increasing one 's wealth via investment in assets like real estate and stocks is what makes it achievable . 
  nope , i 've always been super kind , considerate and calm , but when i quit i got mad a lot . 
  it 's the withdrawal that causes the problems in most cases . 
  what is the breed ? 
  hey !, 
  what worked for me this time and the last is exactly the opposite -- i had as many cigarettes as i could , until i felt absolutely discussed . 
  this game me a very good start for the first few days . 
  yeah , i also think that murray will run out of fuel soon . 
  none , i hate black friday . 
  source please ? 
  that 's not new !, 
  if you 'd like to taste traditional bulgarian cuisine in sofia , the best place to do so is [ pod lipite ] ( http://www.podlipitebg.com/en ) . 
  the restaurant is furnished and decorated in a traditional fashion , the service is of best quality . 
  many foreigners go there , so they are experienced in treating guests right and the menu comes in english . 
  prices are above average , but 200 bgn should be more than enough for a good dinner . 
  raketa rakia bar , as u/gotmite suggested , is also a good place imo . 
  the atmosphere is socialistic , which is also worth seeing and the cuisine is good . 
  who the fuck cares about michelin stars ?!, 
  so many people say the food is awesome , even the most sceptic ones . 
  wtf is wrong with you , man ?!, 
  gtfo and stop hating !, 
  wow , where is that ? 
  here we do n't sense the competition rivalry that much . 
  such a pity , i really hoped that kasatkina would make a deep run . 
  i am in denial !, 
  who did you have djokovic lose to ? 
  and what about del potro ? 
  jeez , is it that i am getting old or i have n't been paying attention to the latest recordings ? 
  i have n't heard any of those artists . 
  mine is black sun empire , all-time favourite . 
  that 's good , maybe it will make kyrgios more focused and interested in the game !, 
  it sure is ^_^, 
  do you have a source ? 
  i really hope that you are right !, 
  ask johnymac : p, 
  the meaning it carried in the current situation imo is absolutely the same as murray 's `` wtf '' . 
  edit : here in bulgaria the curse is also impersonal , it 's about nobody 's mom in particular . 
  [ nope !, 
  ] ( https://media2.giphy.com/media/l0iyhdvafdke5wuqm/giphy.gif ), 
  was n't there a song dedicated to dustin brown ? 
  ouch !, 
  sorry , tried to share it from the phone . 
  here 's the link :, 
  we call him grisho, 
  well , there 's a reason why he 's placed where he is . 
  wonderful !, 
  wow , i did n't realise both # 1 spots are held by spanish players now !, 
  i 've already posted that , but in a wrong subreddit , sorry .
