i did n't actively bribed . 
  once they just took the money from inside my driving licence , the other they said `` it 's 100.000 # ( old italian money ) , or 20.000 # if you pay immediatly . '', 
  no receipt has been given . 
  that 's asking for a bribe , in my country . 
  been personally in that situation , 10 yrs ago . 
  did n't mean to bribe , i happened to have 20 $ inside the driving licence . 
  when i had it back , they were not there anymore . 
  speed limit is 50 , you ca n't say that i 'm stopping traffic if i drive at 40 . 
  confirmed : slovenian highways are wonderful . 
  i 'm from trieste , on the frontier . 
  slovenian police is reknown for setting ambushes and getting paid to leave drivers go without a sanction . 
  usually 50 $ given inside the driving licence sets the job . 
  if you have no money with you , they just take your documents so you ca n't go back to your country . 
  tldr ; because slovenian cops can be corrupt assholes with italians . 
   they have been well educated about consequences of minority policy in history , unlike most of us in the rest of europe . 
  that was a common practice in almost any country , in these years . 
  [ meanwhile , in the land of the free . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internment_of_japanese_americans )  everyday solutions , as most italian solutions , are short sighted and do not aim at eradicating the problem , aiming just at putting a patch right here and now , and who cares about the future . 
  the most cost-effective policy is a long term one . 
  i totally agree with you , here . 
  but , if you are starving , you can not plant a tree . 
  you have to eat the apple . 
  that , of course , is a problem . 
   you do n't even care about other solutions , they are automatically ineffective to you !, 
  ... or they have already been tried without result . 
  let me pose a question . 
  a guy enters your house , shit on your carpet , hit your wife , and sits on your sofa . 
  when you demand that he behaves , he just flips you . 
  out of the window , people living in other houses are just waiting for you to kick him out of your house to scream you `` racist ! '', 
  instead you build a dependance and give him his own sofa ( actually better than the one that you can afford giving to your son ) . 
  he still sleeps on your sofa , because he sold his one . 
  what are you going to do ? 
  oh , and it is not a metaphor . 
  [ that literally happened yesterday . 
  ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=it&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=it&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ilmessaggero.it%2fprimopiano%2fcronaca%2fcasa_occupata_mestre_rom_anziana_in_ospedale%2fnotizie%2f978558.shtml&amp;edit-text= ), 
  they did n't say `` no roma allowed on bus '' , but `` another bus only for them '' . 
  to be technical , it 's a privilege , more than a segregation , since they it 's impossible to ban them from normal buses . 
   do you believe it is right to sacrifice the rights of even 3 romas because the large majority of them behaves like that ? 
  normal citizen have right to be safe . 
  it 's a `` right vs right '' issue here . 
  you have to choose . 
  which one ? 
  the one who obey to the law , pretty easy to me . 
  no one is going to enforce them on any bus , or ban them from normal bus . 
  that 's against the law . 
  but as they organize special trains for soccer hooligans , to keep them separated from normal , non drunk and noisy citizens , and no one call it segregation because of an idea , it 's the same in this case . 
   i am well aware that if you see the majority of a category behaving in a certain way a lion bites you once . 
  another lion bites you twice . 
  after a while , you stop sticking your hand in random feline cages . 
  is that prejudicial , or just trying to keep your hands stuck to your forearm ? 
   but the moment in which laws are based on personal perception and the rights of individuals do n't count anymore , you have to deal with the consequences . 
  every choice has consequences . 
  people over there is already dealing with the consequences of fair play , and they do n't like it . 
  if they were italians , behaving like that , things would have been easier . 
   what about special laws for the south of italy . 
  in naples , they have special laws for garbage disposal . 
  is that prejudice ? 
  no , simply those laws are not needed in the rest of italy , because people does n't burn it in the street . 
  is that prejudicial and racist too ? 
  not being racist means giving anyone the same opportunities , and letting everyone face the same consequences if they miss those opportunities . 
  those guys are missing them and they are fine with them . 
  they will have to be fine with consequences . 
  i respect and admire your politically correct stand , and in principle i agree with that . 
  but when comes to finding an everyday solution to such problem , the problems are : * there are people who piss on laws * we have no money and political strenght to enforce them * there is a conflict against rights , and no way of a catch-20 giving an extra bus is just wasting other italian money to comply with people who often lacks the basic civilization and cooperation , and we are getting called racist for that . 
  feel free to propose a better solution , and i 'll try to explain why it is ineffective . 
  he 's not discriminating an entire people . 
  he 's discriminating assholes . 
  that happens to be almost an entire people . 
  well , not so different from vatican , then . . / s, 
  except it has n't . 
  it 's just the last boutade of our silly populist party . 
  probably someone who manifacture products for retards . 
  and risk to have a martyr ? 
  that would be the stupidest move ever . 
  wo n't happen . 
  as an italian , we would find a way to make it work despite all others . 
  first of all , welcome to italy . 
    should i take my car over there ? 
  for three years , buying a small one and selling when you leave could be cheaper . 
  i would n't rely just on bikes , if you plan to see more than the city you live in ( and in 3 years , i hope that you will travel ! ), 
   what mannerisms or habits do americans have that annoy you ? 
  generally being an asshole , nothing special . 
  every part of italy has its customs , but if you are a nice person who likes to listen other , you wo n't have problems . 
  keep personal contact for people you already know : an good handshake and a smile are always fine , kisses are uncommon when you meet someone for the first time . 
  not everyone speaks english . 
  younger people tend to do it more . 
  do n't try to over-emphasize your love for italy . 
  secretly we already know that we are awesome , so there 's no need of shouting `` you are the bestest country in the world ! 1 !! '' . 
  / s   i will be refraining from all firearm and freedom sermons that i can !, 
  well , stay away from firearms and blades at all , in italy : you are unlikely to need them anyway . 
  for the freedom sermons : many italians sees their political view as a religion or a soccer team membership . 
  my advice is , when you speak about politics , religion or soccer , to listen the double and speak the half . 
    is it worth it for a foreigner to try and speak your language ? 
  in three years ? 
  if you take some course and make an effort to practice , you could be able to speak a decent italian at the end of the 3 years !, 
  just find good friends . 
  i 've no skills with guns , so maybe it 's a stupid question but . . is looking into a barrel a common practice ? 
  unless you are picking a fight with rome . 
  there are swiss guards for that . 
  `` ok guys , who 's first ? 
  or wan na come all together ?? '',
