  agreed . 
  there is still pointless panic and fear that could be avoided . 
   i 'm terribly sorry for the greeks and as a portuguese i deeply understand how fucked they are and how corruption managed to screw an entire population . 
  hey , do n't forget italy . 
  we 're fucked up and corrupted too . 
  no well , to be sincere there are ways to have a quick good rag\u00f9 alla bolognese in 45 minutes , instead of 5 hours , but hey , that 's not the real thing we are looking for . 
  i tried . 
  does n't work for me . 
  i train hard , and i felt weak and could n't go on . 
  for someone it can be done too . 
  let 's say that i 'm lazy and a veg diet that makes me feel well is too time consuming and expensive to be considerated at the moment . 
  most people in rich countries do n't need nearly anything at all . 
  but that 's what living in a rich country mean : having avoidable commodities . 
  when someone will be able to postulate a sustainable world when no one has anything that he does n't need , i 'll consider forfeiting meat . 
  i eat meat 2/wk , mostly chicken , cooked without seasoning , as easily accessible proteins help with my training . 
  i agree with you that meat can and should be reduced . 
  same in italy, 
  in italy , yes , you can find it in any store . 
  i do it because i have seen that if i integrate some meat in my diet i feel better . 
  fun has no part in it . 
  it 's `` spaghetti _ alla _ bolognese '' and `` rag\u00f9 _ alla _ bolognese '' , that means `` at the bologna [ fashion ] '' . 
  pizza . 
  sure . 
  i still like it a lot . 
  i would , actually , but that 's another kink . 
  :p still the comparison remain : there are good reasons and bad reasons . 
   i think that if you eat beef , it is hypocritical to oppose bullfighting , at least on moral grounds . 
  it is not . 
  i accept the death of a cow for food , while minimizing suffering , to nourish myself . 
  i ca n't accept useless suffering for fun . 
  as an analogy , i can accept the incarceration of a criminal for a crime , but i can not accept that an innocent is put in a public cage and spitted by people for fun . 
  who said no one else did ? 
  `` hey , what 's in for me if clergy keep supporting your shit ? '', 
  veneto is racist . 
  the other 50 % is anti-russian propaganda . 
  - president dwayne elizondo mountain dew herbert camacho, 
  simple enough to be learned by everyone quickly , it 's ok as a shared language . 
  it 's not a matter of being idiots . 
  sometimes a law is purposely made useless to satisfy a lobby without damaging actual practices . 
  so if i pur a timer that disconnect it for 1 minute every day is it ok ? 
  still : if someone connect a rack of car batteries to the grid , it is a similar concept ( less efficient ) but ca n't be taxed . . 
  i wish to know how can you tax a battery without taxing all other batteries ... 
  `` what the fuck does this sign say ? 
  i ca n't speak german . '', 
  ( immigrant ), 
  are they planning to send the bill to their address ? 
  even fear . 
  til russia is in europe . 
  exactly , we 're speaking about religion , not about faith , here . 
  same here . 
  being right does n't exempt you from consequences . 
  also : who said that they were unwilling to identify ? 
  i bet russia will say that they identified , and also that they were in russian air space , and this is an aggression . 
  yeah , show them that we make mistake , lose patience or are not confident . 
  best idea ever 10/10 would start a global war again, 
  stupid name , the independent gets even worse . 
  beauty . 
  also stop fucking children could be an option . 
  it 's strangely a bit too much . 
  ban on free speech ? 
  there is a law against fascist propaganda . 
  they are ( again ) not applying it . 
  that is sad . 
  i live 30 km from there , maybe i 'll join the leftist one . 
  could someone count the number of articles about russia lately on this sub , please ? 
  4 deads , and they are on the edge ? 
  jews should stop crying and understand that safety it 's not their problem , is every citizen 's problem , because in the case of an attack the real victims are not 4 yews , but the safety and the freedom of each individual in eu . 
  they must be really tired . 
  ] ( http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111219234628/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/archive/6/68/20111221054832!gunter.png ), 
   who should never be allowed to be police officers . 
  . . or anything else . 
  sad as a dead cow . 
  the fact that no one mentioned italy makes me a little sad , but i can guess why no one did that . 
  but we love to point that out . 
  makes us feel better . 
   prometheus proteus . 
  prometeus was the guy who brought fire to mankind in greek mithology . 
   everything closes early next time try to go to metelkova , 
  without unfriendly italian and without italian artsy stuff , but yes , you are right . 
  i often go to ljubljana , people are very friendly and the night life is awesome . 
  in dace clubs people come to you smiling , politely present , ask about your business in a friendly way , handshake then leave . 
  you wo n't regret that . 
  i suppose it 's ok for you , yes . 
   i do n't blame them for standing behind putin . 
  do n't you ? 
  i do . 
   for many of them he 's greatly improved their lives . 
  for the ones who had benefits from the privatizations , yes . 
   indicative of them being brainwashed disinformed , not brainwashed . 
  as an american , i think you can understand the difference . 
  if a nation excel in the management of a particular field ( education , healthcare , etc ) , that nation will manage that branch of economy for all nations for 5 years . 
  before this , all gdp converge in the same pool and is then shared equally . 
  given after a test on culture and good sense . 
   how many kebabs can one eat ? 
  to the lab !, 
  let 's make science . 
  do you plan to create an european army ? 
  if yes , how will national armies be involved ? 
  i see it more like warfare then theft . 
  `` while alcohol , guns , tobacco , exported weapons , hazardous chemicals and nuclear waste are absolutely fine for society . '',
