  they definitely have an agenda . 
  but this is not the first survey on this subject . 
  all these surveys done by various organisation however point to the same results : fundamentalism is widespread among muslims . 
  between perfectly secular muslims and violent terrorists there 's a huge amount of people which is largely made up of those you 'd call fundamentalists/extremists . 
  an imminent violent threat is n't the only thing that personally worries me ... 
  gays always know what 's trendying, 
  when you 're a protesting party outside the government it 's really easy to have contrasting position within your own people , because supporters just feel united against whatever common enemy . 
  the real troubles start when that same protesting party gets a government responsibility and all the contradictions rise to the surface . 
  what about when you have to say that your dick actually hurts ? 
  it 's going to be confusing if you need help with that . 
  if a mother names a kid like that now in a country like germany i guess she 's perfectly aware of what she 's doing . 
  ugh that `` merkelman '' just makes me sick . 
  this is why white guilt is not funny . 
  `` hey , our country and people are meh ... vote for me ! '', 
   the latest polling data , which comes after it was revealed french jews are increasingly turning to the right wing party , puts the national front on 29 per cent . 
  i 've heard fn people complain about jewish plutocracy and how jews control the world through banks . 
  funny how the fear of jihadi brings them all together . 
  rumor has it that renzi ( italy ) is trying to get putin strongly involved into the fight against isis and so give him the spotlight as a hero of peace . 
  this scenario could pave the way for a better outcome in ukraine as well since it would ease the tension . 
  edit : what is the reason for downvoting something i 've reported ? 
  really stupid . 
  we always find new ways to stand out . 
  we 're going to see putin blow obama on live tv before such a thing happens in italy imho . 
  as much as the english words ` sing ' and ` singe ' look similar but sound different with - ng versus - nge . 
  yeah the holy roman empire ( the second one ) also included most of modern day italy for quite some time . 
  but then they lost almost all of it . 
  are we talking about islamist attacks ? 
  then , there 's an extremely lower chance that an ethnic european would do that ( if you rule out the native muslims in the balkans ) . 
  on the other hand if we 're talking about terror attacks in general then yes native europeans can be and have been terrorists . 
  it is way less likely right now though because of historical reasons . 
  my point is that profiling and risk factor come from evaluating the situation and people who say `` no refugee can be a terrorist '' are wrong . 
   allright , let 's lock all of ourselves up then btw i missed the point where i said that we should lock an entire race up because a few people belonging to that race are terrorists . 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment . 
  because in your response i can see no relation to what i wrote . 
   the 2 suicide bombers were belgian citizens not refugee 's . 
  yeah , those 2 were n't but we 're trying to prevent future possible attacks not the ones that have already happened . 
  the somali asylum seeker who was planning a terror attack in rome ( at termini station ) might prove the opposite [ edit : [ here 's a link to the news article ] ( https://www.lastampa.it/2016/03/09/italia/cronache/stava-progettando-un-attentato-a-roma-arrestato-un-imam-somalo-a-campobasso-ubdvestznufhgjlr4e894k/pagina.html ) ] . 
  something i 've learned throughout the years about terrorism is never to say that a specific scenario can not happen because it has n't happened up until that point in time . 
  every time we ( as in the general public ) assumed something was n't possible we were proven wrong . 
  once we get comfortable with one kind of terrorist attack they change the game up and they seize the opportunity to get us where we 're weaker . 
  they like hijacking planes . 
  we raise security checks for planes . 
  they decide to blow themselves up before security checks ( in brussels ) it is true that as of now it is more likely that terrorists are muslim european citizens . 
  but it was n't like this before and may change in the future . 
  so i would n't be overly confident on the fact that refugees ca n't be terrorists . 
  and now even the maelbeek subway station in brussels blew up ... 
  it 's more likely their radicalised second generation offspring . 
  whoa , there you go all judgmental . 
  people react differently , because they 're built differently or feel less attached to some events . 
  you reacting a certain way does n't place you on a higher pedestal from which to bestow morality on others . 
  probably . 
  but also people who insist on being blind about what keeps happening and the causes and expect different results maybe deemed cretins . 
  yeah 1st graders often joke about the similarity . 
  wait when 's the last time that europolice jailed someone for eating semen ? 
  if someone can swallow that in their houses what 's the big deal with a few maggots ? 
  why should the eu be all up in it ? 
  well , do they ? 
  yeah but what does barely legal mean ? 
  do you get fined if you sell it like in a supermarket ? 
  because i do n't recall ever seeing it being sold anywhere ... 
  i 'm pretty sure you ca n't sell it . 
  but no one 's stopping you from getting it from a shepherd you know or a friend of a friend etc. . . 
  i mean the eu allows people eating semen everyday . 
  we 're still talking about cheese with little critters swimming in it , so there 's that . 
  oh , ok now i see it , 
  lol , yeah your flair just says european  anyway we 've got the same vowels as standard spanish plus the vowels in the british english words `` red '' and `` law '' . 
  assuming you 're italian , think of pesca vs. pesca . 
  you write it the same but the vowel ` e ' is pronounced differently in standard italian . 
  also according to the regional variety of italian you speak ( not talking about your dialect but really just the way you speak italian ) you may have slightly different vowel sounds in your inventory than those you find in standard italian . 
  italian actually has 7 vowels . 
  5 ways to spell them but 7 vowel sounds . 
   italians [ ... ] have lots of ** organized ** crime and petty theft , and are disorganized . 
  and loud . 
  so we are organised then , uh ??? 
  tsk , frogeaters be crazy . 
  the language your own dialect ( and many more ) comes from . 
  our buttholes . 
  meh , it 's like a small town . 
  there 's not much to know about a town compared to a proper country . 
  meh , these maps are kinda rubbish . 
  for instance i can assure you there 's no where near 20-49 % of light hair occurrence in italy 's heel ( puglia ) . 
   rounder version called fritule . 
  i think dutch * tijd * is related to english * tide * and not * time *, 
  i would personally say * bosco * for a smaller area with trees , while * foresta * for a bigger one . 
  but what do i know . 
   chinese cartoons inhales deeply ... 
  you misspelled * whales * . 
  and by the way they 're dying !!!, 
  the smugglers are the ones that leave them to die at sea . 
  they treat them like cattle , rape and rob them . 
  and we ca n't even bring them back to libya cause you have to prove they 're libyans and also most of the time the migrants are from other african countries and libya is just their last stop before the eu . 
  you ca n't even bring the few libyans back cause that would be like declaring war . 
  the problem is way more complicated than that ... 
   they all thought differently when mohamed was shown in a similar way being offended is as much of a right as freedom of speech . 
  death threats or actually killing someone because you 're offended is a whole different thing . 
  but apparently facebook comments and murder are so much alike to you that you feel the need to call for double standards . 
  i had a scottish girl once insist that one should say `` would have went '' instead of `` would have gone '' . 
  i felt bad saying `` gone '' is the correct tense because i would have come off as pedantic even though her grammar in that case was painstakingly wrong . 
  by that i do n't mean that scots generally speak poor english . 
  it was just a single instance .
