  immobilism is when people insist on using 78 different national languages making communication unpractical instead of using the one language which everyone 's using . 
  so yeah , immobilism is not a valid argument against the use of english . 
   also , english is adopted not because it is the language spoken in england , but because of american influence . 
  something the eu was supposed to be the counterweight to . 
  english is today 's lingua franca in europe and the world and even between us right now . 
  case closed . 
  actually there 's f 's and w 's in that text and the sounds in q and c are covered by k and s. on the other hand d g and be are virtually absent . 
  well , i still have n't seen your counterargument . . 
  you guys really hate d 's g 's and b 's ... 
  yeah but you also have to consider the huge number of asylum seekers that do not apply for asylum in italy and yet land in italy and travel through it . 
  this puts a lot of stress into first sheltering and rescuing at sea . 
  once refugees get to germany and sweden the emergency situation is far lessened . 
  yes it does . 
  it 's called sarcasm . 
  imagine i said south africa is europe . 
  now remove for a second the controversy about turkey being in europe or not and then just read the following sentence again paying attention to the sheer meaning of the words : asia ^ ^ ^ minor is europe . 
  pretty obvious , if you ask me . 
  nope . 
  you got the exact opposite . 
  asia ^ ^ ^ minor is europe . 
  let 's see if i managed to get my point across this time around : d, 
  looks like you ca n't please them all , but you surely can upset them all . 
  lol . 
  it 's funny cause i seem to get the downvotes from both those who think turkey is europe and those who do n't . 
  yeah that was the joke more or less . 
  asia ( minor ) is europe . 
  again . 
  * there 's no such thing as bad publicity . 
  what ??? 
  asia minor is europe . 
  only if you let me fill it up with whores , my friend !, 
  i 'm gon na give you money if you stop spreading around this rumor about corruption in italy . 
  blu yurop is best yourop, 
   maybe language is an issue here . 
  and celebrity power . 
  and the fact that these sites are advertised on tv and movies which makes them look all hip and funky . 
  why are you whispering ?? 
  speak up for christ 's sake !, 
  their beer , drugs and prostitutes in prague are surely 1st world worthy . 
  so yeah . 
  a lot . 
  but it 's just an excuse for not learning how to speak english decently which obviously takes some effort . 
  wow norwegian google users are really not that nice to their european brothers , right ?? 
  do n't be jelly . 
  i 'm sure there 's someone mentioning you guys in their anthem . 
  aaaand that 's why you 'll never make it as secretary of coolness . 
  personally i think he 's doing well . 
  obviously you 'll find people who say the opposite as it always happens in any democracy . 
  however his government still holds high approval ratings among voters . 
  and all the other competitors are still far behind his party in every poll . 
   he is literally the frank underwood of europe funny that you say that . 
  renzi actually praised house of cards in a couple occasions and said how american tv series should be part of the political training ( as a means to learn how to communicate with citizens ) along with the traditional tools . 
  renzi was also spotted buying the books from which the series was turned into a tv show . 
  when micheal dobbs , author of the books , got wind of it he commented with the following statement : `` i thought it prudent to drop him a note and remind him that it 's a work of entertainment rather than a set of instructions '' . 
  [ here 's the video of dobbs 's statement inside an article ] ( http://www.ilfattoquotidiano.it/2014/09/30/house-of-cards-lautore-a-renzi-il-mio-libro-non-e-un-manuale-di-istruzioni/1138532/ ), 
  great !, 
  now we can sort this piece of information in the drawer and never talk about it ever again . 
  * ( a.k.a. 
  the gypsies ) politicians the us the eu ( only recently ) traffic immigrants italians the sky, 
  definitely gon na watch it later . 
  i liked their previous work ( girlfriend in a coma ) and one of the directors , the woman , is italian . 
  so ... * representing !!!, 
  creepy ... 
  not every submission needs a source . 
  such as `` what do you think about x ? '', 
  or ... it took off to gender equality heaven . 
  france is 5th place in the world . 
  really not bad imo . 
   and do n't forget about the racist/nazi stigma we wo n't get rid of in the next 9000 years . 
  that 's a way too optimistic estimate on your part . 
  it depends regionally . 
  if you 've never felt another man 's scruffy beard grind against your cheeks it will be a great chance to make this new experience . 
  enjoy , xoxoxxxxxxxxo from italy . 
  because that 's how we say goodbye and it would be confusing . 
  less than 8 ??? 
  tsk , amateurs . 
   that being said , now that they have proof of it , the name of the co-pilot has been released . 
  that 's exactly what i meant . 
  there was enough info already on what was happening and yet the pilots ' names were just first names . 
   i think it 's quite a difference if the name is made public or only the families of the victims are told . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  the name was made public . 
  you said that the witch hunt was a problem if the name was made public . 
  now it is public and the witch hunt is not a problem anymore . 
  if you could find any logic behind what you 're saying it would be a miracle . 
   what do you think they will do in the case of the co-pilot 's family ? 
  the correct question is what are they doing with andreas lubitz 's family ? 
  that 's not an if-clause because everybody knows his name now just like it should be . 
  and the fact that people even suggest that his name should 've been kept secret is just sickening . 
  what about transparency ? 
  if i were a relative of those who died i would n't be so kind with you like i 'm being now . 
  families of murderers , pedophiles and terrorists who died in the act or shortly after have always existed and their names have always been public even before they were confirmed guilty . 
  he deserves no special treatment as far as investigations go . 
  and i could n't care less about top gear . 
  so yesterday his family was `` alive and would have [ had ] to suffer under the witch hunt '' but today not ? 
  so if you die killing people you should be graced with not knowing who killed your beloved ? 
  seems fair . 
  as / u/yannickmahe pointed out the name of the co-pilot seems to have been disclosed . 
  and at this point if he 's investigated as someone who 's somewhat responsible i do n't see why people should n't know his name, 
  i 'm wondering why the full names of the pilots have n't been disclosed .
