  edit : apparently not knowing a piece of news as soon as it comes out is considered a crime here deserving downvotes . 
  i 'll do like everyone else here so i 'll stop asking question or wonder about stuff and i 'll start showing an ironclad armor of infinite knowledge beyond space and time like i invented gravity or something . 
  edit2 : for all those talking about witch hunts down here , i inform you ( as i 've been informed myself ) that the co-pilot 's name is andreas lubitz . 
  so it looks like the police let the the witch hunt begin this morning and may the odds be ever in your favour . 
  in a word : no . 
  in three words : no , no , no . 
   and safer not today . 
   if you get a safety on a 2pt conversion your team gets a point . 
  one of those quirky things that only .001 % of football fans probably know what he said . 
  nasty , you say ? 
  here 's a user on / r/european offering a thorough analysis on how immigration impacted on our european youth and then a just as thorough solution to the issue : http://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/2qu4f9/class_photo_in_a_school_in_the_uk/cn9jndp i 'm not an immigrant-hugger myself but this is beyond crazy . 
  oh do n't be so harsh on yourself . 
  maybe 162-1 . 
  i 'm not agreeing with anyone because i do n't know how efficient police work is in that area . 
  and as you said random reddit comments without any in-depth analysis or sources are merely opinions ( his just like yours ) . 
  i only commented on this statement alone : `` they ca n't arrest people because they believe in fucked up things , get that in your head . '', 
  edit : ok , people here are downvoting with their asses . 
  from now on i 'll take any single reddit comment without any sources proving its content as the word of god almighty himself . 
  sounds about right . 
   you ca n't arrest someone because he sees the world differently . 
  seeing the world differently means nothing . 
  it depends on what you do with it . 
  and normal activities of free speech could be worth of arrest depending on the beliefs . 
   you can arrest someone because of his actions that 's exactly what i said : writing stuff on the internet and organizing certain meet ups are actions . 
   this nonsense that police is n't doing anything is just pure ignorance . 
  i do n't know about that . 
   they ca n't arrest people because they believe in fucked up things , it depends on your beliefs and how far they affect the life of people around you . 
  writing certain stuff about isis could be considered either expressing your beliefs or propaganda . 
  holding meetings about how cool isis is could be considered recruiting . 
  that 's precisely what i meant by multiple lives . 
  you 're enjoying the best of both worlds , are n't ya ? 
  or people are just obsessed with having multiple phones to lead their multiple lives . 
  when 's the last time a newly found party that literally holds fuck you days to politics got a third of the votes in national elections ? 
  let me tell you , we bring complaining to a whole new level as long as we can say someone else is always responsible . 
   actually every country had the option of doing that , its just that they rather go to the eu for money then borrow with higher interest rates that occurred post-2008 . 
  their was no country that were locked out of the bond/debt market prior to officially requesting a bailout from the eu . 
  eu made a choice to pursue full-blown austerity . 
  what i 'm pointing out is that we did n't back out when we realised that it was working poorly . 
   also the us has been in austerity mode since 2010 . 
  i 've acknowledged myself that the us did use austerity but it was in no way as strict or dramatic as in europe . 
   actually growth has been quite slow . 
  fast compared to most european countries but average growth since the crash has been below that of the pre-crisis . 
  i said `` fast recovery and growth '' as in they had a fast recovery and also had growth . 
  and this result is simply outstanding seen from a country ( italy ) which had its gdp well below 0 ( or sometimes slightly above ) since 2009 . 
  exactly . 
   a time limited programme of fiscal transfers and infrastructure spending where there 's a will there 's a way and that place is not eu  truth is the american states within us trust each other , we do n't . 
  first they helped economy and put money in the market ( more debt ) and only later adopted austerity measures . 
  a more intelligent mix that granted them a fast recovery and growth . 
  oh trust me , you do . 
   the oldest the oldest tricolor flag still in national use * [ citation needed ] *, 
   parties are an italian stereotype as well thanks to bunga-bunga berlusconi a party you 'd love to be invited too . 
   yeah , but fiscal adjustment does n't exactly have the same awfulness of invading and annexing democracies whom you have treaties with to protect , is it ? 
  not if you think the invader is n't actually an invader . 
  some people ( mostly right-wingers or hardcore right-wingers even ) here have called out to freeze the sanctions against russia because they were hindering italian economy , just so you get the picture of how russia is n't viewed as an enemy . 
   but yeah , there 's a german economic dominance which i do n't really like , but ultimately states like italy and ireland have ourselves to blame for most of our situation yep , germany was never the cause . 
  however whoever steps up to propose/impose their exit strategy out of the crisis has their fair share of responsibility . 
  lots of people hold a different view about austerity and think it 's been proven to be quite ineffective in fighting the crisis compared to other non european countries ' approach ( see the us ) . 
  and i 'd like to point out that italy has never been close to being in deep shit like other suffering eu countries . 
  yes , our system had become outdated due to lack of reforms but we never actually risked a lot these years . 
  i was talking about inter european dynamics . 
  especially within eu , as in a state member that has to negotiate something with eu ends up negotiating with germany , as though merkel was eu 's president . 
  typical dutch overanalysis . 
  ( i do n't know , is that a thing ? ), 
  where my dutchies at ? 
  i want them to come up here and admit they just took the french flag and flipped it over . 
  at least we had the decency to change one of the colours before calling it ours . 
  i bet that ancient artsy damp dump is pretty hard to maintenance on . 
  wow , just wow . 
  we were about to invite slovenia to a great party but after reading this your invitation is going straight into the trash bin . 
  * love thy neighbour * as they say . 
  it wo n't happen again . 
  we have a much different awareness nowadays and we 've been already trained to consider hitler worse than satan , so no widespread romanticising of him in the future . 
  a lone psychopath will hardly override a well-oiled psychopath war machine as was nazi germany . 
   the thing is : there is n't a real german \u00dcbermacht . 
  this is only psychological , and very temporary . 
  lol . 
  i do n't know if it 's proper to start an argument on your statement but i utterly disagree . 
  it is economical and , yes , temporary . 
  but it does exist . 
   there are other countries that have more clout in the eu ( considering the number of bureaucrats , or the influence of comissioners ) . 
  it 's not about eu itself but all those time when eu is overridden by the members ' sovereignty . 
  and when that happens germany takes upon itself the role of higher power . 
  who do you go to if you 're supposed to negotiate something with eu ? 
  merkel . 
  who goes up to meet with putin when shit hits the fan ? 
  merkel . 
   there are other countries with much stronger central states , like france or spain . 
  which is simply useless . 
  spain is no position , and actually 's never been , to call the shots . 
  france on the other hand has cleverly nestled itself next to germany , mainly thanks to the the military might that the french still hold . 
  but french does n't even have much say in things and has to follow the lead while it receives a special treatment sometime on its bookkeeping . 
   finland and the netherlands for example are stricter on the bail-out terms it 's not about who 's the strictest but about how much clout they have . 
  germany thanks to its status starts off with the upper hand in an ever so shaky scenario where eu countries sometimes are a union and sometimes they 're each on their own . 
   currently it is the biggest economy in the eu , so the media tends to use it as a synonym for creditor-countries , or even as a synonym for the whole eurozone on some topics . 
  yes , it 's true to a certain extent but this only makes germany 's bargaining power even stronger . 
  that is just an overromanticisation of the past . 
  * see roman empire * . 
  the romans were n't exactly a friendly bunch either . 
   hitler has been gone for quite some time by now . 
  that 's why we have * hitlerin * .
