  i ca n't imaging how daunting that may feel . 
  that feeling of uncertainty . 
  well as long as he lets them ... 
   now that i 'm borderline jaded . 
  for a second there i misread `` borderline jihad '' ... 
   they are most likely very often over 18 but `` lost '' their papers and claimed underage to get asylum more easily yeah he could very likely be one of those . 
  that does n't necessarily mean it was n't both . 
  yeah i can see that . 
  personally i 'd think this kind of `` overly accepting '' behaviour could be detrimental in the long term and not so much because of a direct terrorist threat . 
  i mean there 's too much difference from the incoming cultures versus the domestic ones so taking in so many in a such a short time span is a recipe for trouble in many aspects of society let alone possible terrorist attacks . 
  whoa that escalated quickly . 
  anyway i 'm wondering myself why there would be many refugees from afghanistan in germany atm . 
  probably because i did n't know there was an on-going war over there . 
  well they 're saying it is an asylum seeker from ochsenfurt . 
  mentally ill or not he apparently shouted allahu akhbar while attacking . 
  now i do n't know which of the two sides you 're referring to by `` their narritive '' . 
  true that . 
  most victims around the world are muslims themselves . 
  but at the same time we ca n't enforce certain pc school of thought that does anything to deny the attachment of terrorism ( and other problems ) to islam as if we were comparing oranges with apples . 
  it 's tricky but a ( hardly achievable ) balance needs to be found . 
  `` the perpetrator attacked the passengers with an ax and a knife . 
  a spokesman for the bavarian interior ministry said he shouted ` allahu akbar ' ( god is great ) . '', 
  yeah but 17 ?? 
  i do n't know maybe it 's me but i think it 's very sad . 
  just because surprises can be good or bad . 
  a 17 y/o terrorist was a thing yet to be seen in europe . 
  certainly not a good thing . 
  and not in a good way either . 
   sky is already reporting a ` terrorist attack with 20 victims ' ( quickly corrected to axe-wielding attacker injures four on train ) . 
  well the news has just been breaking . 
  that has to do with the way the news go around in the first moments of something happening . 
   it would stop this continent 's drive towards mass-hysteria about terrorism well mass-hysteria or not we would keep witnessing terror attacks in our continent . 
  it might not be helpful but it 's understandable . 
  i ca n't see how that could be any better , though . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  7/10 needs more concrete . 
  so is southern . 
  almost as if there was a cycle of seasons that repeated itself every year ... mmh interesting . 
  that sounds like a very reasonable and controlled reaction . 
  well it 's naive that you think that anything can be justified once a majority agrees to it . 
  even a majority vote does n't rule out critical thinking on whatever matter . 
  but i can see you 're more busy with blaming the west for anything that happens anywhere so i 'll leave you to that . 
  next time you ca n't find your remote control or there 's a traffic jam i 'm sure you 'll be thinking about us . 
  sincerely , the west . 
  let 's make greece meg\u00e1li again !, 
  wow your head 's spinning right now . 
  no one 's saying coups are cool , but what erdogan 's doing in turkey surely is nightmare fuel . 
  in the west we have freedom of speech and that includes being able to commentate what 's going on in the world from brexit to turkey . 
  period . 
  the coup seems to have failed ... obama was very well informed and he backed up erdogan before anyone else !, 
  erdogan 's not gon na give up . 
  he 's got several men loyal to him . 
  a civil war is n't a too far-fetched possibility . 
  they said erdogan has been arrested . 
  together with the military chief of staff . 
  the military has sent emails to the journalists and have announced the coup on twitter . 
  they claim they have seized power over the country . 
  people are saying that the state owned tv has been shut down . 
  cool . 
  but i also value democracy and overthrowing someone is n't a good sign for it . 
   i wonder who he 'll blame . 
  maybe putin has a hand in it ... just saying . 
  do your social media work ? 
  they 're saying they just blocked them . 
  there 's always worse than x. ... a military dictatorship is one of those things . 
  i heard on tv that this could be a ** coups d'\u00e9tat ** . 
  bloody hell . 
  i hope it is n't true ... edit : tanks , planes on the bosphorus . 
  is someone trying to overthrow erdogan ? 
  edit : a turkish military helicopter could have just opened fire on the office of intelligence . 
  edit : the army is now searching the police and seizing their weapons . 
   the left and center parties have no plan , that 's why people vote far right . 
  yeah , but the far right only pretends to have a solution . 
  however i think the left is in complete denial ... what have we come to ? 
  yeah we all better start typing `` je suis nice '' really fast , cause otherwise these attacks are n't going to stop themselves . 
  probably because you already live or have lived in turkey . 
  or because not everyone has the same reactions . 
  you did n't see any tourist in sorso ? 
  no people at the beach , in the restaurants ? 
  by tourists i do n't necessarily mean foreigners ... no running water after a certain hour could happen for a drought but for a limited time . 
  or if someone 's working on the pipes . 
  i 'm not offended , it 's just genuinely funny to me . 
  i 've been to a couple reggea concerts there in sennori in the summer . 
  there were some tourists , definitely a couple foreign low-level performers ( general levy for example ) and young people everywhere with the latest pieces of technology in their hands and weed and beer . 
  i mean , no different than most places.the experience of some 80 year olds does n't say much the current state of the town . 
  what i 'm saying is that the overall impression about this little town is n't that accurate about the town itself , let alone `` most of italian society '' especially considering that sardinia is a little bit like france 's corsica in being its own thing . 
   north east sardinia oh now i get it ... 
  i live in northern sardinia myself and the the town of 150 ' 000 you also talked about is my hometown . 
  when i stumble into places like the one you described it 's like time traveling . 
  those places are no representation of life in my town or ( most of ) sardinia . 
  let alone italy . 
  however they do exist . 
  i 'd probably have a similar reaction to your own if i visited some scottish village or the like . 
  edit : by the way i just read that the town you went to is sennori . 
  i 'm laughing my ass off ... people do work there . 
  i think you got told a bit of a fairy tale ... maybe an augmented recount of the life over there . 
  my high school friend lived there i 've been to his house and i assure you they had access to water . 
  and fireworks in the summer and even tourists cause the beach is n't far from there . 
   germany/germania etc. 
  is what the romans called the region , and derives from latin .
