  now with boobz . 
   homo , gender and kebap are becoming the stereotypes of sweden but they do n't necessarily feel ashamed for those things . 
  swedes can say they support lgbt rights and integration . 
  it 's not a straightforward insult . 
  germans ca n't really say they stand behind nazism ...  vodka and depression for finland this one is bit harsher but nothing one ca n't simply brush off . 
  every nation has heavy drinkers and although depression/suicide is more common up north it 's not exactly something that makes a country look bad to my eyes . 
   norway , at best they 'd wipe their tears with their oil money stop being so rich , norway !!, 
  let me tell you that the view of * germany 's economic chokehold * ( as it is sometimes called ) exists in europe beyond greece . 
  people who 've never felt directly threatened by russia prioritise their everyday economic struggle over a cold war 2.0 that seems unlikely to happen just now . 
   man , i hate this . 
  every fucking time when it comes to germany and power , everyone has to resort to the fucking nazis . 
  yeah , everyone has to deal with their own stereotypes . 
  mafia , corruption , spaghetti ? 
  ( unless you 're a nordic , then your stereotype 's about how awesome you are )  merkel is no overlord and depicting her amongst nazi soldiers occupying athens is just plain wrong . 
  it 's a hyperbole obviously . 
  one could say merkel is employing modern germany 's \u00dcbermacht to lay down the law over other eu states ( particularly greece ) or just use a powerful image to effectively get the point across . 
  most people have enough skills to elaborate the picture and pick up on the message behind it without thinking she truly is a nazi . 
   4 +5 make germany ( and therefore merkel ) the spokesperson for the fraction of eu countries that want to be ' tough on greece ' a spokesperson does n't choose themselves among a group of equals . 
  you just stated a bunch of reasons why germany/merkel has an interest in leading the bailout . 
  so ` her wanting it so much ' does n't make it fair on a representative level even if you agree with the outcome or her positions . 
  if other countries agree with merkel then let them be relevant and do n't just ignore them in a summit where you 're actually dealing ( or not dealing ) someone else 's money . 
  disrespectful to say the least . 
  moreover if merkel wants to be a spokesperson she should be the one of the germans alone who are the ones she was elected by . 
  sovereignty is a serious matter and i do n't care whether it is placed entirely in each country as it was before or whether it 's mostly given out to higher authorities at a european level but it has be firmly fixed and not waver from one end to the other according to who 's the strongest of the bunch at any given moment so that they can set the terms . 
  i just ca n't stand that a * primus inter pares * ( = first among equals ) steps up to rule on matters outside of his/her range while actively shitting on democracy . 
  you sure know how to get your point across very fast . 
  because it 's full of bulgarians / s, 
  uh , ok thanks . 
  i thought it was the slavs pushing through from the east . 
  i wonder what mongolia has to do with germany but yeah go ahead , anything goes . 
  however i 'm not so sure that those guys will fall for the white guilt scare tactic . 
  it may not be very effective ... 
  chinese people ca n't pronounce their r 's and say l instead . 
  they make up a lot of asia . 
  so the answer is no . 
  however if you meant japanese , who on the contrary mostly say r 's instead of l 's , yes you 're right i 'm a japanese applauding . 
  on that note i 'd like to blame you now for our current issues in italy for those centuries in which you barbarians have invaded us . 
  and on top of that today i also bumped my toe on the kitchen counter because of your colonialism . 
  you guys simply make me sick . 
  edit : for those who downvoted me i 'd like to point out it was all in jest . 
  in fact i only bumped my pinky , not my toe . 
  still waiting for that sweet , sweet v\u00f6lkerwanderung money , though . 
  this is krap !, 
  italy should be in mostest worstest category on its own . 
   junker has actually been been doing better than i thought he would . 
  i agree . 
  but now i 'm seriously considering the fact that he knows his seat is rather non-influential and he would n't make the difference so he might as well play the good guy ( especially in the light of the luxleaks affair ) . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  now i think the final data should be balanced out by the iwi ( italian whining index ) . 
  because italians whine a lot . 
  about everything . 
  til italy is in eastern europe . 
  i do n't understand how you get from this :  it 's money from the individual member states to this :  merkel sets strict terms for greek aid and maybe also we do n't have the same concept of `` largest '' which is not all of it and most importantly far from half of it . 
  i 'm not surprise that [ the belgian pm got upset when merkel had a mini summit with tsipras and holland acting like they run the house . 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/news/128074 ) i say at least be discrete about not giving a fuck about everybody else . 
  yikes ... at least we get to see merkel 's first lady , fran\u00e7oise holland , at every venue or meeting and that 's some candy anybody 's eyes would enjoy seeing . 
  had i known she was so strict i would n't have voted for merkel as president of eu . 
  i hate to be that guy , but sweden said :  oh conjugations !, 
  conjugation belongs to verb forms while it 's called ** declension ** when it 's about nouns . 
  but i guess anything goes when you 're pretty ... 
  so you basically saying you cheated ? 
  not nice finland , not nice . 
  yeah , it 's so 19th century . 
  i want a true finn to tell us if this is real ... 
   i really ca n't believe they 've been saying it , to be honest . 
  on the contrary i do . 
  uk 's eu policy has been be very uneasy lately from left and right . 
  the referendum about leaving eu and such is a race on who can be more anti-eu to please the voters . 
  and it 's not in a scenario where things are getting grim for the uk . 
  you guys are in fact having pretty good lately , aka there 's no practical reason to be among the most displeased within the eu . 
  so it all comes down to a deep-rooted feeling of being out of place no matter what even if things are looking bright . 
  i acknowledge there 's people like you , but a lot of your countrymen would gladly have it some other way because it would feel * more right * . 
   well , you ca n't really speak for us . 
  have a look at this thread . 
  the brits who 're saying the same things as me ( aka i 'd leave eu in the blink of an eye if only the anglos gave me a call ) get 40 upvotes or more . 
  but if i do , i 'm bad . 
  so i 'm not speaking for you , i 'm just reporting . 
   well what does actually european even mean at that point , though ? 
  it means they 've been influenced / have influenced europe in culture and history but have also had a core of non-european culture . 
   surely if you think the turks are n't ` real ' europeans , it should be no big task to find someone who thinks the same of croatians or bulgarians ? 
  i can not stop anyone from thinking that . 
  i personally do n't . 
   when bosnia eventually joins the union will you still be saying this ? 
  yes . 
  and bosnia is europe . 
  that 's what they were aiming for all this time . 
  all those rich greeks pretended to starve so that they could have your money !, 
   but i personally feel a much bigger proximity with the brits i 've known that the several turks i 've dealt with you say potato , i say potato . 
  this saying is n't as effective when it 's written down instead of being spoken , but yeah i guess you get the idea . 
  well that poll 's about leaving eu alone . 
  sure it 's scary and cold outside when you 're on your own . 
  but given the choice the brits prefer to reunite with the anglos ( as this thread clearly shows ) which is their natural outlet . 
  if those countries are your soul mate then it ca n't be us , as easy as that . 
  the brits in the eu will always feel like they 're being ruled by a foreign evil dictator and will always be uncomfortable . 
  we might as well end it here before we all get too compromised and make it weird for all our mutual friend-countries out there . 
  fine . 
  you can all wind up in a tasty pie . 
  the world 's not gon na cry for the loss . 
  i do . 
  and apparently the brits agree with me .
