  / u/maestroni talked about a referendum on * illegal migrants * which have nothing to do with refugees or asylum seekers . 
   why does n't anyone mention that ... we mention that a lot , but surprisingly nothing changes . 
  and now the hosts are speaking french too ... 
  is moldova tryin to pull a conchita wurst or what ? 
  me too cause i ca n't get the regular stream to work . 
  but it ca n't be legit . 
  the girl was all sia-y about it and just kept pointing the finger the camera . 
   the killing of a cat was amidst scenes of war , famine , forced labour , etc. 
  to apparently make the viewer think why they care about a cat being killed rather than fellow human beings suffering . 
  well , this teemu guy did kill the cat while he , allegedly , did n't cause the war , famine or forced labour he showed in the video . 
  so that 's what he 'll get shit for . 
  the upsetting part is that he killed a cat just for his project . 
   i do n't want to be that guy , but run is an irregular verb ( remember , from school ? 
  :p ) so it 's said * ran instead of runed ( run - ran - ran ) it is * run-ran-run * , actually ... 
   why should only news be allowed on here ? 
  well , obviously it did n't occur to you that this subreddit 's called / r/europenews . 
  it 's called rt and it 's the super saiyan version of fox news . 
  the building is completely different but the effect is the same . 
  * gays - they wan na have fun * * oh , gays just wan na have fun *, 
  sounds familiar . 
  and its acronym would be ... fuk-p ? 
  i 'm on board with that !, 
  fascism is n't a genetically transmitted diseases ... 
  really ? 
  i have n't been fun at parties my whole life . 
  nawww , i think i like my interpretation better . 
  `` russia , where is your soul ? '', 
  this one is a little bit controversial , innit ? 
  how do we know for sure that this is a legit italian pic ? 
  where 's the spaghetti bowl ? 
   they save no one , they just let them die somewhere else how do they let them die ? 
  do they kill them ? 
  they just bring them back to where they came from , as in the shores where they set off from and sometimes they let them stay in camps before bringing them back . 
  un has its own agenda and always pushes for more as it should . 
  calling something torture and actual torture are two very different things . 
  and personally australia 's attitude saves people 's lives while ours helps them die , so i 'm definitely more at ease with this * torture * you 're talking about . 
  eventually they 'll stop coming to australia by boat and start applying to un refugee status through the proper means ( as it 's already happening right now ) without jumping the queue just because they were fine with paying a lot of money to traffickers and risking their lives in a hunger games fashion . 
  no way . 
  people are all coming to libya right now because libya as a state does n't exist anymore and it 's complete mayhem . 
  there are a couple independent governments fighting each other and tribes do the same . 
  so immigrants/refugees and traffickers chose the weakest nation on the southern bank of the mediterranean as their departure ground while italy on the other hand is the european country that has developed the weakest strategy against human trafficking and ca n't decide what to do . 
  we 're not losing anything with sending them back to libya , but we could gain more balance in dealing with immigration once the waterway to europe gets completely shut down . 
  you 're not sending them back to their countries . 
  you 're just sending a boat back to where it set off from . 
  which is mostly libya . 
  well , we 're watching them drown here . 
  which is an even * funnier * joke . 
  probably bribing european officials is easier said than done . 
  a few might get through but soon the loophole would be so evident that extra measures would prevent that . 
  moreover if that was a viable option you 'd see less illegal boats and more bribing . 
  i think eu will step up and decide on even more important issues such as how much milk we need to put on chocolate milk to call it chocolate milk . 
  you can hardly board a plane with no valid papers . 
  what happened on november 20 , 2014 ? 
  what 's that spike all about ? 
  white hair evokes innocence to me ( like children 's hair 's usually very light ) . 
  that goes well with your overall weirdness . 
   except that when some muslim kills someone they say `` oh its because koran is so violent , it encourages killing people of different faith '' . 
  if a muslim does it because the koran said so then it is related . 
   thing is nobody explains catholic or any other christian wrong-doing with bible . 
  in the same case with muslim , they often call their religion as source of evil . 
  only when it has to do with the bible . 
  if a man kills another man for money it has nothing to do with christianity , but if he does so because the other man is an unbeliever it 's a whole different story . 
  context is very important and you ca n't erase it . 
  nowadays islam is pretty threatening and a `` big source of evil '' . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't find plenty of healthy islam and peaceful muslims which have nothing to do with the bad islam of course . 
  i 'm sorry but in your view there 's much of the black & white attitude that i see on the other side of the argument where islam as a whole is an enemy . 
  i 'm not a big fan of censorship , especially when it 's relevant to the issue . 
  fixing the problem can not involve covering up some facts . 
  it only makes it worse later . 
  it does n't work exactly like that . 
  if someone 's religion is the reason behind the crime then it is worth reporting . 
  if it 's not , it should n't be reported . 
  this event is n't an argument against immigrants/muslims as a whole because obviously each individual is responsible for their own actions and not for the actions of those that fall into the same grouping . 
  however this kind of news is very telling about the war of the worlds that is going on in the middle east and maghreb between islam and christianity but also between islam a and islam b or islam and secularism . 
  it is as though this clash of civilizations is getting closer and closer to us and we 're like : `` errything 's fine , there 's nothing to worry about ! '' . 
  so it is true that only the murderer is responsible for its own victims but if we hide behind this logic we will fail to see that there 's a bad cultural pattern looming . 
  `` attention whore '' is the more appropriate definition . 
  and norway !, 
  this must mean we 're doing it right . 
  this is called the `` bbc-not-wanting-to-take-sides-to-avoid-upsetting-turkey-thus-effectively-eyeing-turkey-up move '' . 
  yeah , i 've heard those things too but i 've also heard people on live tv denying those claims . 
  still the event is too recent to know exactly how it all went down . 
   the metal detector was out of order this morning . 
  when the metal detector goes out of order that entrance gets shut . 
  so this is n't what happened , probably . 
   plaintiffs and defendants do n't need to go through the security controls . 
  really ? 
  i know they 're required to as well . 
  it is n't confirmed yet but apparently the shooter skipped the metal detectors by entering the court through the personnel door with his lawyer . 
  which i 've never heard my whole life from native italians . 
  sure , a bunch of unpleasant , botched accent but nothing like that . 
  what about eunglish as in yoo-nglish for european english ? 
  is it an earsore as well ? 
  i know it does n't feel global but who cares ? 
  seriously , it could n't sound any uglier . 
   according to a eurobarometer poll in 2012 , [ english ] is spoken by 38 % of europeans , compared to 12 % for french and 11 % for german . 
  well , it does n't get better than this with any other language so it might as well be `` everyone '' . 
   and english-only is a bad decision . 
  no it 's not , english-only is a good decision . 
  everyone in their country will keep speaking their language .
