fair enough . 
  i 'll just add my anecdotal observations about academia being really immigrant-friendly in europe then . 
  i 'm a sober hungarian . 
  with the two of us we can now do a controlled scientific study . 
  i do n't fucking eat leaves either . 
  i do n't know why , but i have this feeling that you 're making up these stories about your european-born non-european coloured colleagues escaping to america and especially that chinese girl doing a phd . 
  i move in such circles as an immigrant myself , i know plenty more on a wide ethnic spectrum , and i do n't buy that story unless she was doing a history phd in romania or something . 
  on this note , i remember you guys being upset about hungary not reciprocating your brotherly support in the last couple of years . 
  notes were taken , we tried better this time and had you # 1 on televote . 
  next year we 'll let the jury know too and deliver you a twelve . 
  hungary is not a particularly tolerant or lgbt-friendly country , but we still gave her 10 points . 
  do you know why ? 
  because people found a bearded woman very interesting . 
  there is the transgender whateversexual lmbgtqxyzw aspect and there is apprecianting a good old circus act . 
  west of vienna voted out of tolerance and activism , east of vienna for the entertainment value . 
  this is exactly what he said . 
  no , it 's not a lapse of logic , it 's a really clever response . 
  he did n't admit anything , he just had a rat in the room . 
  i liked the speech , by the way . 
  i listened to it so many times i almost know it by heart . 
  and by `` telling the truth '' you mean he was talking to his accomplices privately that someone recorded and leaked . 
  why not gloss over the contents as well while you 're at it . 
  it 's like someone saying he 's robbing banks and fucking children , but he 's cool , he 's just telling the truth . 
  just to put things into perspective , if hungarian election laws were following the american style single-winner system , they would have 90.5 % of seats . 
  oops . 
  it 's not * and * , it 's * either/or * . 
  he certainly practices what he preaches . 
  family first . 
  son-in-law not even 30 but a multimillionaire winning tender after tender . 
  village second . 
  how many towns with 1600 inhabitants have stadiums like [ this ] ( https://www.thefhd.co/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/pancho-arena-legendary-stadium.jpg ) ? 
  next should be the country , so my hopes are high . 
  / s having said that , i 'm with him on the refugee issue . 
  we had a good relationship with croatia due to the weapons we had illegally sold them in the early '90s , for which they were grateful for a long time . 
  it took until the last couple of years with ina 's shady acquirement by mol for the relationship to turn sour . 
  such a reassuring response . 
  i 'll join the ass-kissing contest . 
  if i had to choose one soup that i could eat for the rest of my life i 'd give up guly\u00e1s for your meatball ciorb\u0103 . 
  compared to mid-sized ( west ) german cities , rent is half in budapest , down to maybe as low as one quarter in smaller towns . 
  food is much closer , i 'd say at about two-thirds of german prices . 
  services are about half to one third as well . 
  edit : i just [ found a site ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/ ) that collects prices of various things and it says 3000 eur/mo in stuttgart gets you the same quality of life as ~ 1800 eur in budapest or 1500 in debrecen ( town of 200k ) . 
  so with everything included prices are about half . 
  so in short , instead of saying hungary are nazi he found a stupid parallel and went `` dae trains and camps guys '' about it . 
   until the circle is complete until the * first lap * is complete . 
  they would do m.c. 
  escher proud . 
   even if they 'd manage to create some highly effective and lightning-quick legal procedure . 
  according to a government official authorities will be ordered to decide over refugee status requests in a matter of hours . 
  these decisions will almost all be negative due to a law passed this summer that declared serbia a safe country . 
  all of this is planned to be done in guarded transit zones at the border . 
  so refugees wo n't even enter hungary during the procedure . 
  the point is that if hungary does n't allow them in and turns them back , serbia will very soon control their southern borders instead of establishing corridors towards hungary because they do n't want the flow to get stuck in their country . 
  this french request at the bottom of every immigration thread is so comical i would think it 's a meme if you did n't have a moderator flair . 
  i do n't know if you mistook the map of belgium for your home country 's or if i 'm missing a great joke here . 
  i mean , belgium too has three constituent communities , the country is fairly triangular and brussels is the capital of europe with the starry blue-yellow colour scheme and all ... but i still do n't get it . 
  this is similar to the [ curse of b\u00e9la guttmann ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b%c3%a9la_guttmann#the_.22curse.22_of_b.c3.a9la_guttmann ) . 
  he won two european cups for benfica in a row as a coach but was denied a salary increase so he quit and said `` not in a hundred years from now will benfica ever be european champion '' . 
  benfica lost 8 finals since then and they 've got 47 more years to go . 
  even eus\u00e9bio prayed at his grave to lift the curse , in vain . 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's because they did n't include the roma . 
  i do n't know about italy but in hungary and i think eastern europe in general most people do this fairly regularly . 
  not so much in restaurants unless you are a regular , but at your car mechanic , hairdresser , etc. 
  it 's zero risk for you . 
  i hate to admit i do this myself with my car mechanic because with those expenses it 's not such a small discount . 
  not that it excuses us but vat is very high here , 27 % , afaik highest in the world . 
  astract : & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; & nbsp ; is a nice touch too . 
  he 's a serious guy . 
  one of his better works [ here ] ( http://www.iippe.org/wiki/images/c/c6/conf_greekcrisis_tsakalotos.pdf ), 
  that 's an interesting way of putting 47:23, 
  do n't know what is for, 
  my admittedly limited impression is that it 's not because there is no sympathy with far-right ideas in romania but because they can find established non-right-wing parties that cater to them well enough . 
  what 's your opinion ? 
  i 'm not very interested in this debate , nothing 's gon na happen anyway , we 've been through this many times before and it 's simply not worth pissing off romanians with it . 
  but seriously , this line got a rise out of me :  1.5 % of the population wants to control 15 % of the entire territory hungarians in harghita + covasna make up 2.0 % of the population and it 's 4.3 % of romania 's territory . 
  and you 'd be right , not that i would draw any conclusions from a puny 1-0 margin . 
  i did my erasmus in the netherlands . 
  erasmus for me too . 
  by the end of my stay i realized everyone i had good rapport with were european , even though the crowd had lots of americans , cantonese and some africans . 
  i could n't believe i bonded more with most french than any americans , it was totally unexpected for me . 
  this was almost ten years ago but i still feel it holding true . 
  i have to say i found latin americans and north africans easy to relate to as well . 
  why did ukraine get these territories in 1991 to start with ? 
  such things happened between other countries , but usually as a bonus / punishment after a war . 
  what 's the story here ? 
  why were those borders set the way they were ? 
  i 'll celebrate it without the internationale , thank you . 
  stickying this particular post was simply crass . 
  an extremely widely held one is that the finno-ugric origin of our language is a lie . 
  they believe that the theory was invented by the habsburgs to put hungarians in their place by showing them that they are the descendants of insignificant fish-eating tribes from somewhere up north . 
  to this end , habsburgs placed their people in the hungarian academy of sciences and got the finno-ugric theory verified and disseminated . 
  many believe their moles are in the academy to this day . 
  there is no consensus about the origin they do believe in but the popular ones include being brothers to the huns , turkic tribes , or sumerians . 
  personally , i * will * go to the euros , * will * be drinking and hopefully have fun , but i 'm under no impression that this will do anything at all to isis . 
  now that you say , closing roads for the pride march was annoying too . 
  and you have to admit , the skirts girls had been wearing were getting too short as well . 
  meh , you were 4th in the '30s too . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  i hope he wo n't gloat . 
  pride looks like an unreasonably influential factor in this whole issue .
