  just make it easy for everyone to back out . 
  you changed your mind ? 
  good , let 's see the next step together . 
  he actually has both , but given that he made his money in ( or i should say from ) america he does n't belong on this list . 
  fair enough . 
  the question is of course whether they are losing money because they are too cheap , too expensive , or offer too little to achieve substantial penetration . 
  expanding into new markets often starts with losses . 
  they are clearly far from their potential in europe but the current situation wo n't help them . 
  the mere idea that americans get so much more for the same price keeps tons of people away . 
  you just do n't want a deal like that . 
  i know it pissed me off when i learnt the extent of the discrepancy in library size , and i will too cancel my subscription as soon as i 'm finished with my to-watch list . 
  the funny thing is it 's plain old psychology , and i would likely keep it if i did n't know that i 'm getting so much less than my american pals . 
  i do n't think licensing the same content in europe would cost multiple times that in the us . 
  the better question is why did they introduce netflix at full price with a fraction of the content ? 
  it 's not cash , you can only use it to build a house , which for regular folk means they 're paying 32,000 $ less over the course of their 10-20 year home loan than they would otherwise . 
  lower installments , more left for the family . 
  in practical terms this is the opposite of a one-time payment unless you 're one of the few who can buy a house in cash at a family-starting age . 
  it was normal in my family to get out of the shower while , say , someone else was brushing their teeth , or walk to your room naked to get your clothes . 
  we occasionally did skinny dipping on holidays even with extended family , for example walking home from a restaurant without swimwear available ( not in broad daylight in front of others , of course ) . 
  i think we were in a close minority though , most hungarian families are more prudish . 
  based on personal statistics ( close friends , ex-girlfriends ) i 'd say about a third of families are okay with nudity between them . 
  nudity is common ( but not necessary ) at most single-sex steambaths / turkish baths / saunas , but not on mixed sex days , or in a general spa . 
  you are n't completely naked though , but wear a cloth tied around your hip , which covers either your ass or dick , rotated around whether you 're sitting or walking . 
  nudity is fine in changing rooms and showers , although most folks try to dress discreetly . 
  topless sunbathing is okay for women , but way less common than in the '90s . 
   they should also know better than to bring knives and pepper spray to the reeperbahn . 
  that 's a very unfortunate name for a pepper spray-free zone . 
  the 90 % thing is new to me . 
  i thought it was a minority that gave them a bad reputation ( that 's how it usually is ) but she says the vast majority are assholes . 
  it says `` removed - duplicate '' . 
  where is the original submission ? 
  i got here by searching for the url . 
  i can almost see concerned faroese desperately trying to absorb rainwater , create a habitat for wildlife , improve the aesthetics of their unsightly island and lower the temperature in massive faroese urban centers . 
  as your neighbor i associate pretty much everything in here with austria , but one thing i have n't seen mentioned is your rich motor racing past and present . 
  lauda , berger , rindt , ratzenberger etc. 
  the stunning a1-ring . 
  and f1 has been dominated for quite a while now by a team ran by two austrians , and red bull before that . 
  i almost know your anthem as well as our own by now . 
  so red bull too . 
  do n't think it 's been mentioned either . 
  a lot has changed since then . 
  give it another year and most wo n't mind automated machine gun turrets . 
  disappointing to hear that from a czech . 
  i thought you guys had no reason to fuck around with beer as you had figured it out already . 
  this whole microbrewery thing is like newer and stronger cannabis strains that in the end just ruin your perception . 
  just like perfectly good cannabis from a decade or two ago would be called weak by kids today , kozel is now called horse piss because of the overly thick stuff most microbreweries are pumping out . 
  the plain c5 is eight years old now but it still looks [ fresh ] ( http://img2.netcarshow.com/citroen-c5_2008_1280x960_wallpaper_04.jpg ) and [ beautiful ] ( http://img.netcarshow.com/citroen-c5_2008_1600x1200_wallpaper_0c.jpg ) . 
  it 's not bad or unreliable either , and it 's one of the last cars you can buy with a hydropneumatic suspension option . 
  i wonder why i see them so seldom on the roads . 
  serious question , how the fuck did he end up in lapland ? 
  where 's this thing coming from ? 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  if children 's surnames were paternal first + maternal second , then a line of men would pass down the same name indefinitely ( like everywhere ) and a line of women would also pass down the same name indefinitely at the second position ( which would be a cool novelty ) . 
  ana garc\u00eda soler 's daugher 's daughter 's daughter would be called x y soler . 
  her second surname would live on until a chain of daughters is broken , just like his husband 's first surname lives on in a chain of sons , which we are of course used to . 
  when i was a kid one could tell if other kids were from families that listened to commies or not , based on how they referred to santa claus . 
  those that did called him `` winter man '' . 
  this is nice , but it would be even better if it was father 's first surname + mother 's second surname , reflecting a person 's direct paternal and maternal lineages . 
  it would make a mother 's name equal to a father 's in that it could live on for any number of generations instead of just one . 
  like y chromosome and mitochondrial dna . 
  funny how the boateng brothers were also drawn in the same group last year at the world cup ( germany and ghana ) . 
  i was really confused how `` lube '' and masturbation were related . 
  turns out almost every american guy is circumcised and they need to lube to jack off . 
  wtf . 
  not very diverse in the first place and imo they will all be gone in a couple of generations in hungary , and probably weakened in the diaspora living in slovakia and transylvania as well . 
  imagine what working abroad is like for the rest of the world who do n't get to speak their native language * at all * . 
  looks like a sausage dropped into a clogged kitchen sink . 
  it was the only picture out of the 28 that made my stomach turn and it came from an unexpected place as i only ever had delicious meals in croatia . 
  mcmillan meets a former classmate in venice . 
  `` so , what brought you to venice ? '', 
  the friend asks . 
  `` i 'm on my honeymoon . '', 
  `` but where 's your wife ? '', 
  `` she stayed home , she 'd been to venice before . '', 
  and while we 're at it , could someone make a video with a cellphone too , as little processing as possible ? 
  i still have no idea how bright and saturated these things really are . 
  the photos , timelapses etc. 
  always look incredible but i do n't know how much of that is due to exposure time and post-processing . 
  for example the milky way always looks brighter and more colorful on professional photos than it is with your own eyes . 
  i see , thanks . 
  do i get this right , this is what germany wanted to do : | vehicle tax | road charge -- :| : - :| : - : currently | t | 0 planned | t-c | c why was this ruled illegal , is it something concrete or rather an `` against the spirit of the rules '' kind of thing ? 
  as an outsider i do n't see the big deal . 
  i would understand germany going for such a scheme and do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  according to the responses though , even most germans hate it . 
  why ? 
  in budapest calling your grandmother `` mama '' is about as strange as calling your mother like that . 
  hou 's expected score against carlsen is 0.24 based on their elo point difference . 
  but given the nature of top-level chess , if they played a hundred games that would n't be 24 wins for hou and 76 for carlsen , but something like 5 wins for hou , 38 draws and 57 wins for carlsen . 
  yeah , right . 
  on paper perhaps . 
  do n't take this the wrong way ( with my flair and all , i have absolutely no problem with romania ) but the methodology reeks of bullshit from a mile away . 
  mostly because , well , it does n't reflect reality and actual expat choices at all . 
  ecuador , taiwan , mexico in top five ... 
  it 's definitely not the most spectator-friendly sport but your eyes get used to the action and tactics . 
  and if one played it as well ( as tens or rather hundreds of thousands in these countries did ) you also `` see '' what 's going on under water , how exactly someone is being held , whether a pass is possible at that moment , etc. 
  it 's an acquired taste though . 
  that dubrovnik cluster is amazing . 
  it 's a town of 42,000 ffs !, 
  the entire exclave is ~ 100,000 . 
  water polo culture must be incredible there .
