you realize that not all newly strengthened european parties are the same when it comes to economical and social policy , right ? 
  one should be aware of the different of currents and outlooks that separate these parties when talking about the european far right , even if they are one 's political opponent . 
  you surely would agree that making flawed assumptions about your opponent would be a fatal flaw ? 
  right now the afd has a market liberal edge ( flat tax ) , additional to the anti-immigrant policies , but others are more supportive of a strong welfare state like the so-called welfare chauvinist scandinavian parties like the sweden democrats and danish people 's party . 
  indeed , some parties even flipped their economical policies like the front national which even used to have reaganite leanings , changing to a completely different platform . 
   should n't have gassed the jews , should n't have annexed poland , should n't have bombed europe , should n't have killed millions of russians , should n't have destroyed large amounts european industry , should n't have occupied france if you want to play the you-are-your-country game . 
   you are quick to lump me as a colonial brit you are literally advocating the division of another country and denying its inhabitants their right of self-determination , divide and conquer style , after they themselves brought down a dictatorship during a peaceful revolution . 
  how is this not a colonialist mentality ? 
  tell me . 
  additionally you bring up crimes which the current and the last generations of germans have not committed , showing once more , how much in the past your mindset is stuck . 
  i 'm not defending these crimes but you are defending colonialist practices . 
  this is not a you-are-your-country game . 
   there 's nothing unfair about that . 
  something , something people 's right of self-determination . 
  there is nothing more sad than a brit who 's stuck in his out-dated colonialist attitude , wanting to draw borders with blatant disregard to people 's rights to choose their own fate . 
  thank god the other allies had to foresight to not engage in these kind of practices that are still causing misfortune in many parts of today 's world . 
   other sovereign nations sorry but when you join a monetary and political union you give up a part of your sovereignity and other members get a say in how to run things in these unions which greece joined completely freely and which it is free to leave anytime if it does n't agree with this basic principle . 
  but if you still insist on a discussion about ` sovereign nations ' we can talk about how germany was forced to give up its independent monetary policy and join a common currency in exchange for the reunification while it still was an occupied non-sovereign state before the 2 +4 treaties . 
  unfortunately they delete a lot of interesting content 7 days after it aired . 
  there is something admirable about a person who stays true to their convictions even if you do n't share their political outlook on a fundamental level all his life he tried to come close to his idol and become the new genscher , the historic foreign minister of the bonn republic , a goal that he effectively failed to achieve in my opinion . 
  in the end he was a very tragic figure . 
  rest in peace guido . 
   his party may technically be social-democratic but it also has an anti-immigration agenda you know , a lot of parties on this map are actually like this , including the sweden democrats , the danish people 's party and even the french fn that has abandoned their almost reaganite ways in favor for other economical and social policies . 
  and building fences . 
  i agree more with this comment . 
  i do n't like religious segregation in schools . 
  well , they planned on building a maglev but for some reason these plans wete cancelled ... 
  there is a new dimension to the current iteration of terrorism . 
  at least in the case of germany , the terrorists did n't aim to directly kill a high number of civilians . 
  it used to be about targeting people that represented the economical and political system . 
  i personally do n't really agree with the ban but the line of thinking is pretty straight-forward . 
  ` any sort of mask ' is not regarded as a tool to oppress women . 
  whenever a state limits freedom of religion then it is done so because certain religious practices are at odds with other basic rights and freedoms , in this case equal rights . 
  that 's why animal ( or even human ) sacrifices and genital mutilation are outlawed for example because these are at odds with other rights and freedoms . 
  i personally do n't agree with the ban but this is neither a stupid argument nor merely semantics . 
  religions are not inherent qualities of humans like race , ethnicity or sex . 
  they are in one camp with other ideas and political ideologies , therefore it 's perfectly permissable to criticize religions and pose the question whether certain religious customs can be tolerated in a modern society or not . 
  it 's pretty much everywhere here ( schools , police stations , muncipality governments , outside and inside parliament buildings , german embassies abroad , etc. 
  ) , next to the national flag . 
  wow , congrats millenials . 
  our generation is now officially worse than the boomers !, 
  this version lacks the guy on the skateboard , sad . 
  edit : [ there you go . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbuludbhpfq ), 
  in pretty much any country that used to have a monarchy . 
  in fact the party name of the danish liberals is still , literally ` the left ' . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/venstre_ ( denmark ) ` left ' did n't always mean ` socialist ' . 
  then why do you hold germany responsible for consequences of what 's probably been the biggest political blunder of the current century ? 
   decline of the refugee crisis when are we supposed to expect the decline of the refugee crisis with civil wars at europe 's doorstep for probably decads to come ? 
  the afd wo n't go away anytime soon , sorry . 
  sorry , but germany did not invade iraq . 
  it worked for the danish people 's party . 
  it currently works for the fn ( they even used to have reaganite leanings ) and it will work in the case of the afd . 
  in fact this split between an economically liberal wing and the conservative nationalist one also happened just like this in austria before . 
   they are a populist fringe party and they will stay a populist fringe party . 
  you know that this was claimed in finland/netherlands/denmark / austria / ... as well , right ? 
  and in some of these countries these so called fringe parties participated in forming governments or could also deliver their policies by tolerating minority governments . 
  germany is just catching up to the general european trend and i personally see this trend continuing . 
  not as much as the german government ... 
  he has to cater to the german electorate . 
  the campaign season for the federal elections starts in about a month . 
   you should n't a religion is not an inherent attribute of humans like gender or race . 
  boiled down it 's an ideology , an idea that someone decided to believe in so they are not inherently worthy of respect since people are accoutable for their choices . 
  contrary to that no one ` chose ' to have a certain race . 
  if you are going to show me a bad idea then i 'm going to call you out on your bullshit and criticize you for it . 
  critizing religion is not inherently racist . 
   if the court rules in the school 's favor again , i 'm not denying that the parents acted illegally . 
  education is compulsory in germany but the school also did the wrong thing by refusing to provide supervision to students that do n't want to be forced to enter a religious building by schools . 
  at first you expose your complete lack of knowlege of positive and negative civil liberties and now you put words in my mouth ? 
  i never insinuated anything about ` forced conversions ' all i said is that as a german citizen you have the constitutionally guaranteed right to be free of the influences of religions , especially from the side of the state . 
  i mean , if you just look at past court cases , the courts have already ruled in favor of people that just complained about religious symbols being present in ther proximity in court and classrooms . 
  being forced to enter a religious building is another category altogether , actually . 
  addtionally , comparing being forced to enter a religious building that is still used actively by a religious community with no real significance whatsoever and maybe even being obligated to interact with religious representatives to a field trip to a state-owned historical landmark that is pretty much an open-air museum at this point is so crude , i ca n't even begin to explain . 
  like i 've already explained in another post , in my view they would 've had the right to refuse the trip but not to keep their child at home entirely , since mandatory schooling still applies . 
  so , the school failed to supply some kind of supervision for the pupils that do n't want to go . 
  we have church services here and non-christian students are allowed to opt-out when they feel like it and they are put into a classroom supervised by a teacher until the service is over . 
  i do n't understand why the school refused to do this in this case . 
  both parties are wrong . 
   it does not , it is a very different concept . 
  lol , what are you even talking about ? 
  german law protects individual freedom of religion , which is to be distinguished into positive and negative freedom of religion . 
  negative freedom of religion covers the right not to confess your faith unless legally required ( i. e. registration for church tax ) and the right not to be exposed to religion while in a position of `` subordination '' where one is legally required to attend . 
  this is not some made-up stuff . 
  this is current german constitutional law . 
  and the negative freedom of religion , i.e. 
  freedom from religion has been upheld in several supreme court cases , like the crucifix case and the headscarf case . 
  this is a false equivalency . 
  swimming lessons and sex education are not comparable to being forced to enter a religious building by the state . 
  as far as i know . 
  muslim and non-religious students are not forced to enter and attend the yearly church services of the school . 
  they get put into a classroom under supervision until the services are over . 
  why did the school refuse to provide this to a student that did n't want to enter a mosque instead ? 
  as far as i know german schools are not allowed to force students to attend church services and have to provide supervision for the time of the service . 
  i do n't see why the school refused to do this in the case of the mosque . 
  i agree that it was wrong for the parents to keep their child at home altogether but i also think that it 's wrong for a school to force students to enter religious buildings and attend religious ceremonies . 
  religious freedom cuts both ways and also includes the freedom from other people 's religious dogmas . 
  in this case the parents have a right to refuse their child 's participation in the field trip but not to keep it just at home . 
  again , i do n't understand why the school refused to provide supervision for the child in this case while students that refuse to attend church services get put into a classroom supervised by a teacher all the time . 
  we had church services at our school but you could opt-out of it and spend the time at the school under supervision until it was over . 
  in my opinion the school had to provide an alternative , for example make the pupil attend another class .
