  i knew it !, 
  well they are dank, 
  what a tragic loss, 
  you may want to look up testimonies from people who lived within the iron curtain . 
  the far left is just as malicious and insidious as the far right . 
  portugal on life support, 
  it 's tough to be an ultra superpower when you ca n't even dwell in their cities without getting tb, 
   bad news has escalated in sweden who could have seen this coming / s, 
  rip pigs ; you 're in a better place now . 
  personally i 'm not a fan of bernie ( too much government intervention into the lives of citizens for my taste ) but i got ta say it is pleasing to see an establishment puppet like clinton lose like this . 
  walls, 
  also we have farmers markets everywhere where the local food is pretty sublime . 
  do n't even get me started on the state of our shit media trust me i know it 's bad . 
   i do n't think we should just let ourselves become another america . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i do n't think i have ever heard of a gang of refugees beating up news crews in america . 
  do n't throw farage in there . 
  the man is n't crazy like the others he just hates the eu . 
   not reforming the kalmar union what is this your first time ? 
  you can not barrage the farage . 
  please show me the part where i ignore statistics buddy . 
  its mostly our inner cities . 
  the vast majority of americans will never actually see or be effected by a homicide . 
  bad things happen when you do n't want to use the petrochemical dollar . 
  yeah i forgot about that time the fucking cops can to my home because i said something negative about the establishments policies . 
  fuck off you edgy moron . 
  holy shit what kind of 1984 shit hole is europe turning into . 
  police urging you to censor yourself ? 
  fucking surreal . 
  merkel lost her fucking mind 8 months ago . 
  she needs to go . 
  it has n't even fucking begun yet . 
  if there is one thing the us government hates its people beating us at things . 
  if you double the esa 's budget nasa 's budget will quadruple . 
   hates china  poland huh , never knew china invaded poland before . 
   half-life 3 finally confirmed we can hope, 
   turkey and the eu 's bond will become closer . 
  while turkey becomes more and more backwards and less and less secularized . 
   not standing with rand, 
  at the current rate schengen will be long dead by 2030, 
  got ta pay the bills somehow . 
  also the banter keeps me young . 
   but considering you 're an american i am not surprised you do n't know how to read countries ' names . 
  that does n't work as well when the context makes not sense . 
  nice try though ? 
  considering you 're greek im not surprised you never took an economics class . 
  gdp does not account for quality of life , thats why its not a great indicator for how nice a country is . 
  not to mention there is a huge difference between nominal gdp and real gdp . 
   i disagree . 
  most people are innately good . 
  lockesian scum / s, 
  yes and if you go back far enough every european descended from a single celled organism . 
  you 're point being ? 
  does this mean that the germans will be sacking rome soon ? 
  you 're a fucking moron, 
  god damn i should have invested in wall/fence companies when this all started . 
  ' i personally have not seen it thus it does n't exist ' nice deduction there you moron, 
  you 're fucking delusional if you think everything is fine, 
  not all nazi soldiers were really nazis though . 
  some of them were just germans . 
  it would be different if they were paying ss pensions whom were comprised of entirely die hard nazis . 
  i do n't think i have ever seen so many polish posters in one thread . 
  you guys are more passionate about guarding borders than texans and arizonians . 
  of course !, 
  this was all a ruse so that germany could build up its military again . 
  clever . 
  question to the germans out there . 
  does your government have some sort of impeachment provision ? 
  if so when are you guys going to use it . 
  yeah ya caught me . 
  this crisis is totally comparable to conspiracy nut garbage . 
  give me a break . 
  finally people are waking up, 
  its quite authoritarian though, 
  the hell are you talking about, 
  dear europeans , please do not believe this is the will of the american people . 
  we hate this just as much as you . 
  yeah its almost like this is important, 
  italy ; the home of secularism and the renaissance everyone !, 
  why the hell would we want to hurt europe like this ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  you 're a native german i assume . 
  you should not be the one having to sacrifice anything because your government is going against the best interest of the people . 
  organize your community and do something about it . 
  honestly at this point the polish military is probably better than the germans . 
  seventy years of being neutered will do that to you . 
  i think i missed the initial euphoria , when was that ? 
  she has betrayed the german people and europe as a whole . 
   the left has gone full retard . 
  yeah its crazy . 
  its like they want far right parties to rise . 
  so was brexit just the most intricate practice joke of all time ? 
  maybe riga ? 
  yes let 's make the brits suffer !, 
  with friends like these i ca n't imagine why they voted to leave in the first place !, 
  that must have been why our president and his entire cabinet publicly opposed brexit, 
  so what you 're saying is that the communists are not only back but they 're trying to take turkey now too ? 
  that 's why i fear it may happen, 
  yeah me either . 
  a violent civil war in the country that basically connects europe to the rest of eurasia and africa is the last thing anyone needs .
