* a romanian syrian warns : `` water is wet !, 
   spanish dream !, 
  i thought that died in 1588, 
  it died when germany betrayed eastern europe by securing deals with russia who threatens their very existence . 
  how is this xenophobic ? 
  poundzone is probably the coolest sounding of the monetary zones . 
  in reality their only purpose is to allow nuclear powers a way to talk and avoid nuking the planet . 
  so it 's worked alright so far . 
  rats from a sinking ship maybe ? 
  no thanks , we like what little social cohesion we have . 
  last spring he said what germany was doing would lead to a biblical scale migration of peoples . 
  i think thats what he is referencing . 
   we thought we were coming to the land of freedom no that 's us , you went to the land of ikea and hatred of the danish . 
  we need some kind of program to stop the massive population gains of asia and africa . 
  stalin was pretty shit, 
  baneposting in europe by a croatian shitposter ? 
  its gon na be a good day . 
   the native americans vae victis friend, 
  hence the rarely . 
  not to mention i would n't consider our multiculturalism a rousing success . 
  it works but barely . 
  yeah i am aware . 
  we can hopefully avoid it . 
  still waiting on the polish bloc, 
  this is about as slow as a japanese train, 
  if the polish do not want them in their country they should not have to allow them . 
  multiculturalism rarely works . 
   george friedman i loved his book the next 100 years , so far it has been spot on !, 
  it better be out soon , i need my fill of grand strategy . 
  what 's with the hate of farage ? 
  from what i have seen he does n't seem evil . 
   i am really starting to feel for the us-americans - no matter what their country does or does not , they are getting the blame if things break . 
  its worth it as long as we retain our hegemony of power i guess, 
  this is what happens when you put compassion in front of common sense . 
  best of luck from an american across the ocean away from this madness . 
  why is this sub so fucking awful at choosing moderators, 
  and i did n't see the united states drawing random lines in he sand and calling them boarders a century ago, 
  no thanks ? 
  we all played a hand in creating isis and fucking up the middle east . 
  you euro 's just have politicians that will stand for this fuckery . 
  god dammit ... 
   and perhaps a rise in extreme right-wing parties without a doubt . 
  you 're being intolerant friend , 
  jesus this is getting out of hand . 
  best of luck to you euros . 
  except that was the 1800 's and racism like that was rampant literally everywhere . 
  the guy just means to accept a lot of immigrants such as the us did . 
  i really hope they do, 
   again , when do the syrians become responsible for their own misgovernment ? 
  i really never claimed to have these answers man . 
  i would say the whole region should have become responsible for themselves 89 years ago but thats a bit of a pipe dream . 
  yeah pretty much, 
  as much as we did destabilize the region remember that we are all at fault . 
  you europeans were the ones whom drew the boarders in the first place . 
  yeah no thanks, 
  far right parties will come to power . 
  hopefully they will begin deportations of some sort or adopt an australian like policy . 
  well of course not , why should they ? 
  countries are not charity organizations . 
  i believe that 's what poland is doing correct ? 
  all of that for a shitty peninsula ? 
  holy fucking shit . 
  good luck with that mess . 
  jesus christ looks like the 3rd world, 
  are you for real ? 
  a meaningless buzzword used by idiots, 
  [ canada is already apart of the organization of american states . 
  it 's like the eu but functional . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/organization_of_american_states ), 
  as nice as that would be i do n't know if greece is exactly a sound investment . 
  to be fair there is no reason russia should have k\u00f6nigsberg anymore . 
  i 'm not trying to defend the us 's actions regarding spying but we have collected medical info from anyone coming into the country since our mass immigration programs of the late 1800 's . 
  it has nothing to do with terrorism and is nothing even remotely new . 
  that implies the nsa has ever actually gotten useful information though . 
  i mean outside of the contiguous russian boarders of course, 
  or give it back to germany or re-create prussia . 
  anything better than having a russian oblast inside of europe . 
  agreed . 
  going to be tough though . 
  information collection is addictive and we 're addicts . 
  god dammit , other governments need to stop enabling mine . 
   victoria ii  eu4 and ck2 oh you dun goof 'd, 
  how the hell is this an unpopular opinion ? 
  do you think we * like * having so many here ? 
  russia needs to give kaliningrad/east prussia the fuck back to the germans or release it as a free prussian nation . 
  edit : also most fomer colonies were better off as colonies . 
   walling itself off from on outside world yeah that worked great for china ... 
  i dont know , gen xers are still kinda radical but millennials seem pretty moderate . 
  i think we can at least hold out hope . 
   i 'll move to the us when they get rid of the bipartisanship and excessive corporate influence on politics . 
  and the religoius nutters . 
  you actually may be in luck once the baby boomers start exiting . 
  why ? 
  the us and canada are fine places to live . 
  if you think it 's bad in europe you should see the parties in the us , neither have been even attempting to be moderate for quite some time now . 
  wow . 
  south korea 's looks great !, 
  shit gaddafi is looking fit as hell, 
  yeah that 's basically everywhere , at least this had the potential instead of being killed the second it was proposed . 
  so the twin towers have been in europe all along !,
