  the journalists have all the power , they should 've all left . 
  extreme right at 7 % , extreme left at 25 % you did this to them , eu, 
  harm is comming france 's way . 
  so yeah , just for the sake of comparison , how are switzerland , norway , and iceland doing ? 
  they must be doing awful , because according to president barroso , when he went on gps with fareed zakaria , he told the view that since the eu was much bigger , it would be more powerful economically in the future ( he also said everyone is only talking about further integration ) . 
  btw how is becoming an economic powerhouse working out for you ? 
  is there something wrong with the space flight the article indicated you might be getting , that you need to take money from the tax payer in order to provide a crappier competition ? 
  you do realize that the uk is on course to increase debt by 30 % gdp in four years , you do realize that if the government never cuts , you could default at some point ? 
  or better yet , that there are many totally denationalized ( or private ) space programs all competing and cooperating together, 
  american here : because we did n't have a single currency until we could afford it ( ie after the gold rush ) . 
  we made a government that served the people and the states , then tried to perfect it . 
  the eu seems focused on making their union at all cost , because they claim it is the reason for european peace ( okay , that 's it , not democracy or prosperity or anything like that ; i guess that 's why none of us states ever went to war with each other / s ), 
  he went on to say that the pope is indeed catholic , and bears do take shits in the woods . 
  fu treaty = fiscal union treaty . 
  freedom from regulation is a free lunch . 
  recession come from the government losing at snake . 
  iceland had it right ... just let the banks fail , and maybe next time make it clear that putting your money in a bank is a risk . 
  you know the political scene is a bit underwhelming when the right is talking about `` making france stronger than the market '' . 
  basically what that means is that people have given up focusing on growth , and are going to attempt to make the slump as good for the people as possible , so that if you are left , the people are the workers , and if you are right the term `` the people '' has a nationalistic definition , but it does n't do much for the political environment when no one is too focused on prosperity . 
  ergo , my original point . 
  edit : btw the us political system is awful , worse than any i 've ever seen . 
  the us needs stv real bad . 
  ( hell , i 'd even take two round voting as in france ), 
  where is a place where one can get access to dutch opinion polls ? 
  i tried googleing , and its all articles about the election . 
  i mean none of them supported a free-market . 
  france has neither a strong free-market right nor a classical liberal party . 
  if you believed in the free market , who hell were you to vote for ? 
  my flag , my rules . 
  what did you think was going to happen ? 
  you give people a bunch of socialists to choose from , and you are only going to have the crap rise to the top . 
  actually alabama is one of the more poor states in the us . 
  switzerland on the other hand is actually pretty well off ( just like norway ) . 
  it 's even more criminal that the state owns the resources ; it is the state that operates by force , and the private sector that operates voulentaily . 
  the eu 's problem is that it is an upside-down government . 
  here is a place that would make pictures of beautiful buildings and put on their money , then build the buildings . 
  here is a government that gives itself arguably near unlimited power , then goes about trying to make it democratically sound . 
  a government that makes a monetary union , and then tries to make the government justify it ( btw in the us we did n't have unified currency until after the gold rush of 1849 ) . 
  not everyone wants a federal europe , and that is the problem . 
  instead of trying to win over everyone like our founding fathers did with the federalist papers , the eu is trying to take it over by fiat . 
  this backwards approach to government will continue to cause friction between those who want it , and those who never got to share their piece democratically , and this government will fail . 
  american here , no we did n't . 
  the only benefit we have from the president is that we get to pick our head of government . 
  it 's big downside is that it polarizes our political system , so where you have 3 parties in canada , and 2.5 parties in the uk , both under fptp , you have a solid two party system in america . 
  i think the best of all world ( besides getting out of the eu of course ) would be to have an elected version of switzerland 's executive council . 
   echr is common sense human dignity . 
  the echr is a political body that makes political decisions , no amount of naming it `` human rights '' will change that . 
  you want the uk to have human rights defined from without , and there is nothing wrong with that , nor is there anything with wanting it to be defined from within exclusively , especially when decisions from without means that you ca n't get rid of pieces of shit like abu qatada . 
  edit : there is no sacred law to be enforced . 
  if it is contraversial , it is not above politics . 
  this is what the canadian liberals need to see about the charter of fundamental rights , and the us republicans need to see of their constitution . 
  the only reason the uk 's magna carta seems above politics is that everyone now agrees with it , but back in the day it was controversial . 
  most ancoms believe in social welfare programs in the absence of actual anarchy . 
  think about the difference between a free market and a socialist market . 
  one requires a strong central government , the other requires a weak one . 
  as far as the eu goes , it really is a question of the efta . 
  to want to get out of the eu , but not the efta liberalizes the market , which is right wing . 
  to want to get rid of both is left wing . 
  do n't worry , the eu wo n't last . 
  thank goodness europe is there to tell us that !, 
  you should be a eurocrat . 
  you are much better at making decisions for the entire continent than i. 
  it also is n't that hard - you just have to lose an election . 
  do n't fuck this up !, 
  we are only one regulation away from regulating everyone into happiness !, 
  you ca n't outlaw low paying jobs , and expect the poor to be better off . 
  who agreed to it ? 
  the council of europe ? 
  the eu comission ? 
  that 's not the same as a national parliament that enjoys democratic legitimacy . 
  the politicians need to be held to account for their actions by the people , not the quangos . 
  i 'm saying the national pms and mps should say no . 
  0.01 $ ... problem solved what would these nations do without the eu to tell their elected officials what to do , and an electorate dumb enough to believe that the officials have no choice ? 
  the thing about free trade is an efta issue , not an eu issue , these are two different things , and people have got to understand it . 
  no borders in europe , and full citizenship could easily be granted by a series of treaties , and be done without undermining national sovereignty , which is more important than either of those benefits . 
  as for the issue of war , this is the first time europe had been so democratic , and i would think that democracy is obviously the reason for the peace . 
  i support a democratically legitimate limited eu , but not this monstrosity of a government that helps itself to every law making power , and insists that it has the right to govern every sector of european life . 
  i think the people need to prefer it first , and before they will do that , it has to work to thier benefit , and before it can do that , it has to change on a fundamental and complete level , so that it does n't look anything like it does now . 
  in order to do that the politicians would have to start listening to the people ... so never . 
  a free society does not restrict speech . 
  first hungary , now croatia ... i thought the eu was supposed to prevent totalitarianism . 
  how can anyone say that the eu makes europe stronger ? 
  if that was the case , the eu would be wealthier than norway and switzerland , and would be growing faster than iceland . 
  also , why is hong kong wealthier than china ? 
  why is canada growing at a faster rate than the us , and why is singapore more prosperous than indonesia ? 
  bigger is not better if the government at the top is committed to choking the life out of the economy . 
  bigger and better is not nearly the same thing . 
  all that should be encouraged is freedom of trade , and freedom of movement , making business stronger not by regulating it , but by liberating it . 
  but the pro-eu crowd makes that mistake all the damn time !, 
   not early enough it is a system that rewards virtue , instead of electability ( or being liked by those with electability ) what more do you want ? 
  since when is capitalism antagonistic to long term planning ? 
  voters want value now - owners can only flip their empires for money if it has a hope of making a profit in the future . 
   how would you actually achieve this though ? 
  when the wealthy corporations have such huge resources to undermine the government , and you still believe their property rights are just . 
  you make a government the way that the eu should 've built their government . 
  instead of establishing it 's authority , and then getting democratic legitimacy , the eu government should 've made a government that had democratic legitimacy , but could only do a few things ( like enforcing a free trade agreement or providing a unified police service ) the government could only act in those areas wherein it had power . 
  start with a parliament , and an elected version of the european commission . 
  allow these bodies to only make rules regarding a small list of powers ( like synchronizing police agencies , and enforcing the efta ) . 
  allow this government to work within this narrow range of powers . 
  when the government wants to expand its power , it should require the approval of 2/3 of the peoples of europe with 50 % in 3/4 of the member states ( and make reversing this bestowal of power only dependent on getting a 50 % majority vote in order to do so ) .
