i honestly do n't begrudge people who hide their also for property taxes , if one has to pay property taxes just to own something , then he 's not really the owner of it , it is conditional on the `` owner '' paying rent . 
  to me it is an affront to property ownership rights . 
  i think consumption tax is reasonable because it is optional . 
  if the government decides that it wants to screw you over by making the sales tax too high , you can always try to purchase the product in another country . 
  or ... you know ... if you were smart , you always only tax people for the money that gets spent inside the nations borders , that way you do n't charge rent on people for being alive and owning money or property . 
  you mean other countries where hurt for having too strict a tax policy . 
  for switzerland , it is because they have the least micromanaged economy in europe which is easy when it only the voters , and not the larger european union demanding regulations of the businesses of that nation . 
  norway and switzerland doing pretty well , i wonder how europe can be more like them ... 
  it was supposed to say `` instead of waiting on people to go off employment benefits '' an economy does not exist to give people things to do , it exists to produce things for the people . 
  if there are people willing to work who gives a damn where they are born ? 
  if the workers get paid too low , then venders will lower their prices , otherwise it cuts into to profits ( and lowering the prices does not cut too much into profits b/c cheap labor means cheaper goods , meaning their money is worth more ) . 
  if you are from the uk , being committed to a federal europe means being ruled by those who are not part of the common-law system which is a very different legal system that has very different implications for the rights of the individual within these systems . 
  despite all of the hate-mongering of the pro-eu crowd that want to associate being against the eu with racism , the fact is that democracy works the best when decisions are made at as local a level as possible . 
  if i was a londoner , i would want the uk to get out of the eu , then to have an english parliament which should have as many possible powers devolved to that parliament , and i would want that parliament to devolve as many powers as possible for london to the london assembly . 
  because the individual has a bigger voice in more local government , more local governments should have more of a say in the lives of the individuals in their geographic areas than less local governments . 
  because they want to gain influence around the world to make themselves stronger , and they have a way of doing that where china or for that matter the us ca n't . 
  just do n't give them any voting rights - that way the immigrants ca n't dick with your democracy . 
  the upside is that local businesses get access to cheap labor instead of people willing to go off employment benefits . 
   stupid nationalisms til wanting to be governed only by people who share your values ... is stupid . 
  that 's stupid why does the federal government have to be able to do everything ? 
  especially a place as diverse as europe ? 
  all i am saying is that if you do not treat government as belonging to the metaphysical realm , the actions between the government and the regulated business are not justified . 
  if a rather large mob ( make it as large as you want ) of people came upon a business and demanded that the business start to conduct business a certain way or they would start taking money out of the pocket of the business owner , and kidnap him if he refused to continued to refused , the police would of course be expected to arrest the mob because the mob has no right to expect the business owner to start doing thing the way the mob wants . 
  the government does not belong to the metaphysical realm , and should not be treated any differently . 
  the ability to work is a privilege , demanding that people get to keep their job despite taking off a ridiculous amount of days is parasitical against the business owners . 
  you keep trying to squeeze blood out of a turnip , europe is going to be in a continual state of stagnation . 
  you can also relax on the weekend as well . 
  the epa does worse than that . 
  what if you sell stuff that you farm out of your backyard ? 
  well the expansion can about through the manipulation of the judicial branch , by fdr 's `` courtpacking scheme '' . 
  i should say that i believe in the constitution of the us in theory , if we were to follow it as a way of gaining legitimacy , it would be near perfect . 
  i guess that is a legitimate problem as far as how to go about reforming the system , and a legitimate weakness of the us constitution . 
  for that i would suggest two patches , both of which come from canada . 
  1 ) a us version of the clarity act by which a procedure for a state to succeed is drawn up . 
  this will allow the states to demand reform from the other states in exchange for continued membership . 
  2 ) make internal changes subject to a much lower threshold . 
  at least you are honest . 
  that 's how it should be !, 
  the government should not have any power unless there is widespread agreement that it should have that power . 
  i agree , take all of the federal government 's power away , but require the same 2/3 majority in both houses + 3/4 of all states in order to expand its power . 
  tbe us does n't even follow it . 
  if you read it , it says that in order for the federal government to expand its power it takes approval of 2/3 of congress ( both houses ) and 3/4 of the state . 
  this is an entirely reasonable basis for the government to establish a level of legitimacy in declaring what powers it had . 
  if the constitution was to be rewritten , that would be all fine and good , just strip the government of all of its power , but maintain the same ground rules for expanding its power . 
  in order for democracy to work the people in a state must agree on quite a bit . 
  i think the eu would do well to start with only small specific power , and to have a tried and true method for gathering wide consensus for its government power befor being endowed with a political power . 
  the purpose of the law is to protect the citizen from violence . 
  there ought to be no prohibition on free exchange between private individuals . 
  note : free exchange ! = fraud , coercion , or instances where a party can not give consent . 
  ctl+f `` corporations '' not found in my post , nor was i even talking about corporations . 
  i am talking about people who own services , and intend to sell it to others . 
  it might be a corporation , or it might be a business owner . 
  btw corporations are groups of people . 
  so as long as you believe in free association corporations have the same rights as people . 
  how does this logic follow ? 
  `` because a service exists you have a right to it ? '', 
  that is rubbish and parasitical on the people who provide the service . 
  i am offering to rent cars you can either except my terms or go somewhere else . 
  as long as the government doesnt enforce contracts between the companies , i see no reason why this is a problem . 
  the first business to detect gets all of the business . 
  or ... you know ... you could just do what iceland did and let the banks default , and arrest the bankers and be on the way to growth . 
  net neutrality conflicts with the right to protect property since you are using the government to infringe on the property of people selling access to the internet . 
  if i am selling access to the internet , i have a fundamental right to sell it on my terms , as long it is explained to the customer ; net nutrality violates this . 
  if the eu was serious about surpassing the us in terms of economic strength , they would 've established eu-wide employment-at-will . 
  edit : i forgot to mention , but this is an xpost from / r/libertarian, 
  wikileaks was what tipped of the icelandic people to the oncoming banking crisis . 
  they have now arrested their bankers responsible , and are growing ... unlike the eu . 
  greece is the european version of quebec ( as is portugal , spain , italy , ireland and france ) . 
  does n't count if it was before 1989 . 
  who would make a joke in reddit ? 
  even the uk ? 
  b/c it seems like canada and the uk are pretty tight . 
  i would really like to see a big free trade agreement between the nations of the anglosphere , i dislike the way that they are trying to make the us and canada seem like it has a lot in common with mexico , as well as the way australia and new zealand are trying to seem more asian , and the uk and ireland more european . 
  it amazes me how much these nations have in common with each other , and the further away you go in terms of being unlike the anglosphere ( ie europe to the far east to the middle east to africa ) , how much other nations do not have the same values and the same common-sense in common . 
  ( american here ) i see myself as a member of the anglosphere before i see myself as a citizen of the us . 
  i am also a huge fan of stephen harper . 
  that 's down from 21 though . 
  well the bailouts , of course - they defy common sense . 
   mainly in the construction and service sector ie barbers , smaller restaurants how is that a problem ? 
  it seems to me that the real problem is that the government is harassing business who are trying to serve the public . 
  hilter was not right wing ; nazis did not believe in the free market . 
  you mean people of greece , pay the government of greece 's debts . 
  it 's kinda like how canada would always get criticized during meetings about how to implement the kyoto agreement , to attack the us by proxy because the us was n't apart of the agreement . 
  [ even though china blows both of them out of the water on pollution ], 
  i did not know , so is classical liberalism dead in germany ? 
  why would they want to cut out the fdp ? 
  greece needs a classical liberal party , real bad . 
  before the rise of social democracy, 
  in greece the politicians are either nazis or they are pro bailout ? 
  i 'd be rioting in the street if those were my two choices . 
  i love how the eu brings europe together . 
  freedom unites us governments divide us . 
  i 'm not a brit , and you are a racist piece of shit . 
  how about greece starts up drachmas , but at the same time does n't make it illegal to use euros as legal tender ? 
  it seems to me a much better deal to have more than one currency per nation , than to have more than one nation per currency . 
  its a recession , anything that is good in the long run is bad in the short run , and with a nation like greece , with a much debt as she has , is due for a lot of pain . 
  question to greeks out there : why stay in the eurozone ? 
  according to the polls , it is 77 % are in favor , why ? 
  i wish the us had about half of the swiss dd system , so that a petition and referendum could be used to veto or repeal laws , but not to write them . 
  also , speaking of switzerland , i wish my country had an elected version of the federal council , it 's hella better than a president or a pm , because it would provide more democratic control , and it would make it easier to track , by the size of the council , the size of the government .
