  no , we do n't . 
  the nuclear devices are firmly under us control in a us military facility . 
  german tornados may be able to deliver them , but we have zero control over the weapons . 
  that would violate the npt and the treaty of the final settlement wrt germany from 1990 . 
  [ tongue-in-cheek ] and now imagine a * uss donald trump * ... 
  the first ship with its own built-in twitter channel , with a navigation ai that flip-flops hourly on what it wants to do , gilded sanitary equipment and a big fat neon ad sign of `` trump inc. '' on its side . 
  [ / tongue-in-cheek ] on a second thought ... the mere idea ... * shudder * . 
  the big difference between the us pre-pearl harbor and today 's germany is our peculiar history and the decades-long naming and shaming for the most hideous industrial-scale crime in human history and the military aggression that enabled it . 
  if you add the specific german experience of the cold war , in which preventing war at any cost was the only way to ensure our survival , then you have a variable which nobody can truly predict in its effect on public opinion and attitudes . 
   a draft is n't fair , but that did n't stop us from drafting young men for decades . 
  the draft has to be equal concerning who is being `` drafted '' . 
  that could not be achieved at any time since at least the year 2003 and in fact the draft procedure had already come under legal scrutiny when it was decided to suspend it ( otherwise it may have been declared unlawful by a court - a lawsuit had already been filed in late 2010 ) . 
   the refusal quota does n't bother me , just let people ( and this would include women ) decide if they want to go to the military or serve somewhere else . 
  just get them to do their part for the society they live in instead of just coasting along like consumers . 
  but the state would have to provide `` work '' for those opting for alternative service , too , and that would be insanely expensive as well . 
  and when an overwhelming majority refuses military service in the first place why have a draft at all ? 
  especially when lacking a serious security policy justification ( which we had until 1989 ) . 
  na , sorry - i am allergic to that `` it 's good for the character '' or `` it connects the bundeswehr with the society '' type of utter bs that is being flung around by draft proponents . 
   i 'm thinking that might fade by the cold hard circumstances . 
  how far is the german mentality towards refugees today compared to two short years ago ? 
  lol , actually it could morph from `` hell , are you insane , fucking no ! '', 
  to `` hell , no ! '' . 
  people here have never moved past the stringent `` no deployment of german forces outside germany proper '' despite the political hullaballoo . 
   without nato germany would be in an unsustainable situation where it is clearly the major power in europe while also clearly by far the weakest militarily and the closest to the threat ( russia/poland ) . 
  look at the poll numbers . 
  does that not tell you that germans simply do n't perceive a threat and are not prepared to even think about it ? 
   do germans like uncertainty and instability ? 
  no , but we equate `` war preparations '' with the absence of certainty and stability . 
  which is why so many do n't even want to think about the theoretical possibility . 
  sorry , you 're looking at the wrong people and the wrong country here . 
  we 've been so thoroughly psychologically demilitarized i wonder if we 're already past the point of no return . 
  actually despite official propaganda the german civilian population and the soviet soldiers were kept apart by the strictest means possible . 
  the soviet army enforced discipline through utterly brutal methods , something that did not always escape germans . 
  in fact most people in the east pitied the soviet conscripts because of the brutal treatment they got from their own officers . 
  but then the east-german officials were always much more present in propaganda , perception and reality . 
  people knew who was running the show behind the scenes , but their daily life was made difficult by the east-german state officials . 
  nuclear weapons . 
  that 's the only reason why both sides refrained from getting a twitchy finger . 
  given the enormous numerical superiority of the warsaw pact in conventional forces it was a badly guarded secret that nato did not consider a conventionally-led war winnable . 
  so the people quickly realized `` cold war gone hot = nuclear exchange = no more germany of any kind '' . 
   right but at this point you 're ` being admonished ' purely by internal forces and politics . 
  correct . 
  but these domestic forces are a result of those decades . 
  it 's not like people woke up one day and decided to like just that ...  the rest of the world wants you to get over it and take some more responsibility/interest . 
  really ? 
  or is it rather some countries wanting us to do what they 'd like ? 
  or why did those `` nazi something '' comparisons in several countries pop up as soon as germany made clear we saw certain things differently ? 
  the slinging of stereotypes at us in particular is very much alive and kicking . 
  and , pardon my french , as long as the world outside remains this hypocritical and bigot i can calmly sit back and say `` not my problem '' . 
  although this is not directed at the situation with article v ( i do have a different opinion than the majority of those germans polled ) but especially the numerous laments that germany is not playing the willing and eager auxiliary to washington 's , london 's or paris ' interventionism in the mena . 
   i 'd even like to have germany get nukes for example . 
  definitely a real military at least with 2-3 aircraft carriers and ssbns . 
  just as insurance against nato falling apart . 
  unrealistic in the extreme . 
  our mentality does not support force projection of any kind , least of all those embodied by nuclear weapons or aircraft carriers . 
  when you 're being told for decades to wind in the neck and not to feel responsible for anyone but yourself such attitudes happen . 
  but i 'm quite happy that we do n't feel `` responsible '' ... 
  it makes sure no silver-tongued `` idealist '' of a politician can whip up public sentiment for some stupid foreign-policy stunt . 
  yes , sarkozy , i am talking about libya and i do mean you !, 
   i 'd think that that fact would make germany more likely to stand up for eastern europe . 
  not really , in fact quite the opposite . 
  when you are being kept in a semi-sovereign state at best , with limited foreign policy sovereignty , when you 're being constantly admonished to wind in the neck and stay out of international affairs , of what happened 1933-45 ... that kind of existence breeds attitudes . 
  in our case it breeds an attitude of not caring about the world outside our borders . 
  mentality-wise we 're really but a somewhat bigger version of switzerland , no matter how much other people may deplore that fact . 
  actually germany has a poem that is pretty accurate in describing the isolationism that 's been all the rage for years now . 
  and it 's from a time when it was n't even germany . 
   on holidays there 's nothing i like better  than talking about war and war 's display ,  when in turkey far away ,  people one another batter . 
   you sit by the window : have a glass :  see the bright boats glide down the river ,  then you walk back home and bless  its peacefulness , and peace , forever . 
   it 's high time we reinstate the draft and then ? 
  get refusal quotas of 70 to 90 % ? 
  have a wave of lawsuits against the practice because it would be impossible to gurantee a fair ans square selection process ? 
  because , let 's be honest , no karking government in this country is going to spend 3 to 5 % of gdp on defense for ten years just to reaccquire the necessary installations we closed over the years and procure the necessary equipment . 
  but yeah , let 's talk about reinstating the draft instead of doing the first step before the hundredth and actually hold a fucking debate on what we 're even doing with the bundeswehr . 
  because nobody here knows that , the poll result is a sign for that . 
  given how things are in this country i bet a lot of folks would ask `` what the hell were they doing there in the first place ? '', 
  it wo n't because that attitude has long since become standard . 
  last year a younger reader of a german milblog posted an example that shows how common that view is : in 2014 he was in 12th grade and his class debated the russian interference in eastern ukraine and potential results . 
  when the debate came to a military conflict between russia and nato of the 16 young men in his class only one agreed to show up for a draft , two were unsure but leaning towards no and thirteen would simply leave the country . 
  it certainly was for the generations that survived ww2 and the one immediately after it , but in the mix was already a serious dose of `` shame on you if you fool me once , shame on me if you fool me twice , but i wo n't be falling for such bs a third time '' . 
  underneath it all a military is always a powerful tool for politicians and most germans simply decided never to hand any politician that tool again . 
  the basic law still reflects that view with its narrow focus on `` self-defense '' as the only viable use of military force ( despite the legalistic trick that allowed german deployments outside germany - it was never truly accepted by the society ) . 
  but over time this `` conscious abstention '' from old-school geopolitics turned into a hard-nosed isolationism and a rather thorough `` not my problem '' attitude . 
  and then they have to go through a marathon of mental and rhetorical gymnastics to twist it into a `` defensive '' deployment when the german people ask what the hell our lads are doing in this or that dusty shytehole . 
  the 1994 ruling of the court of constitution was the biggest disaster this institution ever caused . 
  it gave the political body a blank cheque to do whatever it pleased as long as the government could enforce factional discipline in the bundestag ( both schr\u00f6der and fischer had some serious problems with that over kosovo and afghanistan ) and wave the mandates through . 
  and yet the political body remains fearful of a negative reaction of society and essentially ties up the soldiers in a net of caveats just to avoid politically damaging incidents . 
  a rather profound analysis marred by the omission of one simple fact : the current german mod got her job by the inverse process of `` musical chairs '' ( or for us germans : `` reise nach jerusalem '' ) . 
  when the music stopped ( also known as the coalition talks had come to an agreement over who got which portfolio ) there was only the mod chair left to fill and vdl was the only figure still without a job . 
  that has already been begun , but it 's a slow process ( we ai n't have a `` prussian bureaucracy '' for nothing  ) and it is hindered by the dispersion of responsibilities to multiple actors ( which are often at odds with each other ) . 
  it 's not a panacea , it 's not something that will materialize out of a whisp of smoke at the snap of a finger . 
   tax cuts for ordinary citizens and public works programs would work . 
  tax cuts i can get behind , public work programs are usually wastes of time , effort and money . 
  imo the eurozone is a straightjacket for all of its members . 
  it is a political project but it is n't supported in all of its facets by any of the member state societies . 
  simply put it can either dissolve ( more or less orderly ) or crash and burn . 
  i regard that as scare mongering . 
  it 's but a currency , not a seal to keep evil demons locked up . 
  anything man-made can be dissolved . 
  it just takes political will . 
  a pink one at that .
