  but nobody has these goals , all we see are particular interests that mostly counteract each other and feed the instability . 
  the situation in syria is looking far too much like the first half of the thirty-years-war in europe with foreign powers struggling for their goals on a battlefield that is n't their territory . 
  given the number of competing interests - and the historical example - it may be even impossible to solve that before the warring parties tire of fighting ( as it happened in europe 400 years ago ) . 
  just making an obversation ( and pointing out where the opinion of vlxs comes from ) : you know the pointe in this joke ? 
  since 1990 washington , london and paris have demanded just that from germany - participation in foreign ops ( or less politicall correct : waging war ) . 
  and they have been harping on about how little we spend on defense ( in an environment where germans did n't perceive a military threat ) . 
  what for ? 
  so that we can be better auxiliaries ? 
  people do notice that ... and the pre-1989 constitutional practice of not sending the bundeswehr out is still seen in many quarters here as the only sane attitude ( especially given the experiences made since 2001 ) . 
  the `` solution '' ( in the syrian case ) would have been to enable turkey to house the refugees in human circumstances but not this `` human wave '' nonsense . 
  and it would have meant to pressure washington to put the foot down on their `` cherished allies '' in the gulf to take their fair share . 
  but as it was obama was n't interested at all and only started bombing when his domestic scene demanded some blood ... 
  i am against throwing military forces at everything that looks at us funny . 
  quite frankly : for me the use of military force remains the last resort and it needs - in the spirit of clausewitz - to be embedded into a sane political concept that overarches the entire thing . 
  any intervention in the last 15 years has violated that simple rule . 
  and to this date no politican in any western country does make even the barest of impressions that he or she has actually understood that very basic political reality . 
  military force is a tool to achieve political goals . 
  what good can grunts do when their political masters either do n't define such goals in the first place or chose outright ludicrous goals that nobody can fulfil ? 
  i am also specifically against using german soldiers for such ops , because our own political establishment is too stupid and too craven to even design a national security strategy and live by that . 
  as it is they send german forces as `` credit chips '' into ops to placate international partners - they do n't even define our own interests in any such ops beyond some meaningless media bla bla ... 
  the lives of my countrymen is more valuable than this , i had thought the times of quasi-mercenary forces being sold on whim were over or are they coming back again ? 
   germany is a world-leading state and has certain responsibilities as such . 
  i 'm quite puzzled why these `` responsibilities '' contain unstructured and conceptless post-colonial meddling in areas where the people are at each others throats for reasons we euros ca n't even begin to understand . 
  mali is a prime example of a post-colonial heritage of domestic ( intra-malian ) strife where the mnla represents a 200-year-old touareg resistance against any `` foreign domination '' - first against the french colonial authorities , then the malian state as a heir to that foreign control ( and because the malian government has a long tradition of letting the north struggle on its own while it pampers the dominant tribes of the south ) . 
  and then , when lybia was essentially turned into a failed state on behalf of sarkozy who desperately wished to score some cheap `` little napoleon '' points in advance of the 2012 presidential election ( because of his faux pas over the tunisian dictator ben ali ) , the mnla received an enormous influx of not only battle-hardened men ( many touareg had served under ghaddafi as mercenaries ) and weapons which in fact enabled their emboldened strategy and led to serious defeats of the malian government ( which had begged france to intervene even before the lybian affair only to be rebuffed ) . 
  no , they got the islamists piggy-backing on the mnla 's insurrection as icing on the cake - which then took over the show and led to the mess we 're all so familiar with . 
  i , for example , do not wish to be associated in any way with political bungling of this kind , especially not if the military is involved . 
  just like in afghanistan the lack of an overarching political strategy ( along with the necessary resources alloted to it ) in which military force could play a stabilizing role is n't there and all these `` interventions '' do is to fester the power vacuum , grind down whatever civil or political structures exist and prolong the period of destabilization without even having a clue how to generate any stability . 
  if that is `` international responsibility '' then i do n't want to know what irresponsibility would look like . 
   who again ? 
  my pleasure . 
  not really . 
  politically the skepticism towards any `` military intervention '' is widespread especially within the fdp and even decent parts of the cdu ( although there it is tempered by the atlanticist leanings of the party per se ) . 
  if you take a close look at public opinion polls on afghanistan or libya ( as the two prime examples ) you will find that germans by and large refuse to sanction missions in which the bundeswehr would actually have to take part in a military conflict . 
  on libya some 60 % of those polled accepted the intervention and supported it , but the same amount rejected a german participation . 
  my reading of this : after 1945 our tradition simply discarded any military means from conducting foreign policy , even accepting military force for self-defense was something of a struggle back in the 1950s , so participating in interventions is always going to be a domestic battle between a very central aspect of post-war german identity ( namely that us germans do n't fight wars anymore ) and external demands . 
  not to mention that many of those who vigorously protested against nato and the dual track decision back in the late 1970s and early 1980s are now sitting in key positions of politics , administration , education and the remaining elite and have to weigh up their anti-military beliefs against the demands of their positions . 
  that , along with the knowledge that the majority of the population merely tolerates some token participation in foreign `` adventures '' and the continuing adherence of many germans to seeing the bundeswehr as a strictly defensive institution ( which exits to `` amuse ivan at the border until real soldiers arrive '' ) , seems to be the fundament for the many caveats and reluctance to do anything in the security and defense arena - key people feel uneasy about the whole affair themselves and they always remember that the voters largely do n't fancy the international ideas about what germany should do with its military . 
  the question is how far will the german people go along with * that * interpretation ? 
  as far as i know the various verbal gymnastics concerning the constitutional regulations versus the international expectations in military matters since the end of the cold war were never bought by the german mainstream . 
  as i said above just because such a `` pact '' may fill the legalistic gap it does n't mean the people will sign up to this . 
  in fact , they largely have n't . 
  the problem is that this process is heading for either a domestic or an international explosion . 
  at some point either the german constituency will balk at being asked to accept an operation that goes way beyond our tolerance or it will be an international partner ( either the us or especially france ) which will finally blow a vessel over our very german reticence to play any role in the military sphere . 
  the current delta between external expectations and domestic limitiations ca n't grow indefinitely - at some point something will have to give . 
  much of the current deal has to do with the moronic attitude towards the a400m - despite the factual knowledge that it is actually too big and too heavy for certain tasks ( most of which are simply tactical in nature ) - and the personal preference of von der leyen towards anything `` europe '' ( despite the fact that france will want to use the military resources for ops that the german constituency wo n't accept ) . 
  i mean we 're the 4th largest economy in the goddamned world , we would have the resources to operate a second air transport wing with hercs on our own - it 's just the politicians do n't want to take responsibility and spend money on practical solutions , they just want to go on giving blowjobs to airbus because that keeps jobs in their electoral districts . 
  and meanwhile we 're having a serious capability gap because the a400m is n't anywhere near being useful for a good range of tasks while the transalls are being kept in one piece by spit , chewing gum and loads of duct tape . 
  the successor to the ch-53 ga ( which will be either ch-47f or ch-53k ) has a requirement for air-to-air refueling so the need is going to be there . 
  and afaik refueling a helo from a jet tanker is n't really doable due to the issues of speed and altitude . 
  the a400m , however , is not able to refuel helos due to the turbulences it creates . 
  which is why france has ordered c-130s for that role in the first place . 
  disclaimer ahead : i am not a pegida or afd shill , far from it . 
  i just like to think for myself and make my own conclusions ( courtesy of having grown up in former east germany ) . 
  well , madam chancelor , and what if people actually do know history just as well as you do , but still disagree with the conclusions you have drawn from that ? 
  is n't that a normal difference in opinion and essential part of a democratic discourse ? 
  if i may say so , the `` broad consensus '' you and your colleagues in the bundestag have thrown across this country like a blanket of mildew , that stultifying avoidance of any debate worthy of the title , is what brings the brown clowns out of the woodwork . 
  if you and your likes stopped being so damn patronizing to your own constituency you 'd not have to figure out how to deal with a populist party like the afd in the first place . 
  what good is a democracy when its political representatives are hiding from the debates it should be based upon because they are too craven to actually live the responsibility their mandates have given them ? 
  you may want to remember the old pc tech wisdom of 90 % of the pc problems sitting between the keyboard and the chair . 
  the same is true for a good amount of germany 's political problems these days ... their roots sit for the most part in the bundestag . 
  sigh ... wagenknecht , really ? 
  that neo-stalinist hag that can at best yammer , bitch , cry and moan but has no concepts of her own that are n't rote-learned from the dustbin of 19th century marxism ? 
  i have my own view of the `` libyan charade '' . 
  too much of it was sarkozy doing an electoral campaign `` military style '' ... let 's leave it at that . 
  correct . 
  structurally , politically and especially mentally germany and france are polar opposites ... germany is a federal republic with massive power diffusion and checks & balances at every corner whereas france is a centralized presidential republic with a strong executive . 
  both structures are the result of the failings of previous national structures ( in germany 's case the weimar republic , in the french case the 4th republic ) . 
  we 're like oil and water - two things that do n't really mix well . 
  and guess what many germans have nothing bot a disdainful snort for ? 
  yup - * ` being relevant ' * . 
  i doubt the true financial needs of the bundeswehr are really understood by the general public . 
  i 'm afraid too many believe that it can be `` fixed '' with two 10 $ notes and a few coins . 
  before he retired in spring this year former inspector general of the army general kasdorf estimated the investment gap for the army alone ( excluding luftwaffe and marine ) at around 20 billion euros . 
  another news from earlier this year put the gap in ammunition stocks at a mind-boggling 14 billion $ . 
  and if we dug deeper i 'm sure we 'd find more examples with such numbers . 
  given the relatively volatile public mood in germany over the expenses for the eu , the financial crisis , the refugee crisis coupled with the impression of crumbling infrastructure ( which , however , is mostly a function of local communities scratching the bottom of the barrel of their financial means ) i have serious doubts that such an increase would go well with many people - especially because something else would have to be cut and savings would have to be made at other places . 
  that would be a high-risk operation and given how cowardly german politicians have acted around military affairs since the fall of the wall i doubt they 're going to touch it with a ten-meter-pike anytime soon . 
  only because they had failed to browbeat the rest of the eu into the roles the quai d'orsay had assigned them in its concept of * `` europe de la defense '' * . 
  that was the primary reason for the french return to nato 's integrated command , they knew they would n't manage on their own but also could n't win other eu members for their vision . 
  it was simple realpolitik . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlanticism that 's a pretty formal and long-winding description for `` us = top dog , everyone else = follower '' . 
  that 's the amusing pointe in all of this - the french political leadership would like some kind of eu military cooperation , but only on their terms and if they call the shots . 
  that 's the second 800-pound-gorilla in the room , apart from the one labeled `` contrary national interests and cultures '' . 
  addenum : and if i may play the * advocatus diaboli * a bit more what kind of effects would an `` eu army '' have on the french permanent unsc post ? 
  german politicians play the role of the idiot because of their unthinking adherence to the twin dogmas of `` europe '' and `` franco-german friendship '' . 
  they are aware that french ideas about `` defense '' have no chance of being accepted by the societal majority over here - which is the central reason why german `` engagement '' in military affairs post 1989 has been so small and mostly non-combat - and yet they allow themselves to be dragged down a path they know will end in disagreement and strife , because once the really tough issues come on the table they will be reminded by their german constituency of who gave them their jobs in the first place . 
  oh lord ...  russia does n't need to physically conquer all of europe , but it can destroy the european project by taking parts here and there , such as the baltics , poland and finland . 
  the `` european project '' is pretty apt at destroying itself ... mostly through overstepping the tolerance of its member states ' constituencies . 
  and the euro ? 
  russia does n't need to do anything to `` destroy '' it . 
  we , the ez , should dismantle it rather sooner and in good order than later . 
   as for france and germany , russia can achieve strategic control over both countries through backing far-right populist parties that they control or strongly influence and other coercive measures , like with the implied threat of nuclear war or restricting oil and gas exports . 
  he may support parties like fn or afd but electing them or not still remains the prerogative of the electorates in france and germany , do n't you think ? 
   if you ca n't feel concern for european countries who are facing a hostile authoritarian neighbor that invaded and genocided them before , then how can you really be concerned about things such as climate change ? 
  you 're right - i ca n't . 
  but then i 'm a cynical bastard who is more interested in his own affairs than trying to be benefactor for everyone else . 
  apart from that : i regard the fear of russia in poland and the baltics an understandable heritage of their history , but i also see it as overdone . 
  just as i consider the still existing fear of the british of any `` unified '' european continent as rather ludicrous . 
   we do n't have to nation build , but there must be some ways to stabilize the region .
