  the backlog requires * revolution * , not * evolution * . 
  an increase to 39 billion euros per anno in 2020 is simply a drop in the ocean , not enough to even keep the current mess at the current level of mess . 
  if there was the actual political will to really sort the bundeswehr issues we 'd not only see increases to 40 billion $ * next year * but further increases to those ominous 2 % of gdp ( which would be roughly 58 billion euros atm ) . 
  but : a ) we 're going to have federal elections next year . 
  the temptation is to postpone any decisions until then lest one could anger the voter . 
  some key procurement decisions ( tlvs/meads , mells and eurospike , idz-es etc ) are already on the path to being postponed yet again ( especially dramatic in the case of mells/eurospike as the bundeswehr needs a replacement for those milans they keep handing over to the kurds ) . 
  b ) sch\u00e4uble has already warned of a possible drastic savings round in 2018 . 
  the priority remains to keep a balanced budget . 
  c ) reuters has recently run a story that the ammunition stores are pretty empty and that it would take 14 billion euros to order and restock those ammunition types that are actually still in service . 
  based on a mod internal paper dated march this year it 's not expected to achieve the necessary level of ammunition stocks before 2030 ( !!! ) . 
  to give an example - this year the bundeswehr wants to order ammunition for just 359 million euros . 
  bottom line : i think politicians are talking the talk other folks want to hear while not being willing to turn rhetorics into reality . 
  education is already `` free '' , including studying at a university ( as opposed to the us where this educational career really is a pull factor for the lower classes ) so the bundeswehr could n't offer anything people could do on other paths already . 
  training measures could only fix deficits of existing troops , it does n't really help to recruit new folks . 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  training issues are an effect of the stinginess of the political leadership . 
  that alone would not solve recruitment issues , though , especially not in a country with a thriving civilian economy which can provide jobs that are n't potentially dangerous , are better paid and are a lot less intrusive wrt one 's personal life . 
  and if you add the historical issues modern germans have with military force ... well . 
  it 's not a simple case of * throw-money-at-it * and suddenly it 's all sunshine and cupcakes recruitment-wise . 
  but a solution to this dilemma may actually mean slaughtering a few holy political cows and nobody dares to even consider * that * . 
  nah , we gave up that hobby decades ago . 
  far too costly . 
  how much ? 
  the current `` increases '' are cosmetic , it 's like putting lipstick on a pig . 
  a `` serious commitment '' would see a conceptual debate worthy of the title which answers the central question : ** what exactly is the role of the bundeswehr ? 
  ** from that ( conceptual debate ) we could derive a structure and from that the requirement for money , manpower and equipment that structure would need to be filled . 
  the utter lack of this ** basic political process ** is a fundamental derelection of duty the entire political sphere is guilty of . 
   7 % until 2017 and a further increase from then on seems to me like the most important substance is starting to be provided again . 
  you are aware that vdl had to fight hard to make sure that this `` 7 % increase '' is n't being swallowed completely by the mandatory pay raise that 's due next year ? 
  of that roughly 1 billion euros more only about half will effectively be available for non-pay issues ... a drop in the ocean , barely worth mentioning . 
  second example : the former inspector general of the army ( kasdorf ) has estimated the investment backlog in the army alone ( not including navy and air force ) as in the region of 20 billion euros . 
  going by this ( and the number seems to be on the conservative side given the need to rebuild modern armored engineer units , reestablish army air defense and artillery etc ) what can be done with maybe 10 billion euros across all services and 5 years more ? 
  i , as someone who actually looks a bit more closely at the bundeswehr , see more rhetoric than substance . 
  there is so much off ( due to decades of shrinkage and `` peace dividending '' ) that increases would need to be seriously high ... but our political leadership does n't even dare to talk to its own constituency about this . 
  to me this reeks of talking the talk while hoping to be able to avoid putting it in practice . 
  ugh , not that shyte again . 
  it seems foreign news outlets do n't really dig beyond the headlines and are content to swallow the bait ( hook , line and sinker ) . 
  the `` white book '' will not be a document that provides political guidance - it 's ( essentially ) a wishlist of the ministery of defense but it does n't produce any binding guidelines which the ministery for foreign affairs or the chancellery have to follow . 
  the `` departmental principle '' ensures that the ministers can run their ministeries almost completely as they see fit , the chancellor may have the authority to set basic guidelines ( so-called * richtlinienkompetenz * ) but the minister has much leeway in how to apply those guidelines and what kind of policies he/she actually enacts . 
  besides that looking at the basics ( military spending , political decisions , etc ) this kind of rhetoric is just that ... political rhetoric . 
  so far i fail to see any serious attempt to turn this into reality . 
  given the investment gap that 's been run up since at least the year 2000 that 's not even taking a p * ss at a wildfire . 
  stocking up on ammunitions alone would need 14 billion euros plus a few hundred million to get rid of the old and no longer useful ammunition still in stores ( i.e. 
  loads of g3 ammo ) according to a recent reuters story . 
  we 'd probably need to run a budget of 60 - 70 billlion euros for a few years to procure all the stuff that 's missing ( personal clothing and gear , nvg , weapons , ammo , vehicles etc ) . 
  but that 's about as realistic as a return to conscription and a bundeswehr of 370000 people ( which means it 's not ) . 
   while the agreement is nonbinding , it does show what their government 's word is worth . 
  how do you know a politician lies ? 
  his/her lips move . 
  that `` pledge '' was the political correct version of a teenager saying `` yes , i 'll tidy up my room , '' and then adding quietly `` if i ever feel like it . '', 
  unfortunately such incidents did happen . 
  during the height of the afghanistan hullabaloo ( around 2010 ) there were also incidents of families of deployed soldiers being threatened by far-left loonies . 
  there are also arson attacks on military vehicles from time to time . 
  in fact the low point of all those morons was the celebration of soldiers who had fallen in afghanistan under the meme `` demilitarization step by step '' . 
  `` committed to nato '' ? 
  make that `` cold war vs turkey '' ... 
  without that i doubt their spending would be where it is . 
  to cut a very long text very short : no , she is n't . 
  for her anything related to security & defense seems to be politically toxic . 
  she would still have to explain and defend german participation or monetary input and she does n't even try to do this in the german national context . 
  so why should she do this in the european context ( which , quite frankly , is of no importance and interest to the majority of ordinary germans ) ? 
  she 's just adept at saying what someone wants to hear at that particular point , then she will turn around and wait for the next big issue to overshadow the old stuff and nobody cares/remembers anymore . 
  that 's how she operates ... 
  the slight was against deutsche bahn ... which , in this case , is not the guilty party . 
  merkel and defense ? 
  pfft . 
  she 's paying lip-service to it without any intention of ever backing that up . 
  mark my words - this is political window-dressing from her side . 
  the slight against deutsche bahn not having enough heavy-duty flat cars is just that ... a slight ( and a misplaced one at that ) . 
  since 1990 the company has been transformed from a state-run institution to a private company in which the state is a major shareholder ( fun fact : the state demands a fixed annual dividend regardless of the overall business result ) . 
  and beginning in the mid-1990s it was pounded into and through a crash-course whose intended end state was to put the company up at the stock market . 
  despite the failure of that it forced the company to make drastic savings that ate into the numbers of people employed ( beyond the point of what was needed for basic operations ) and material ( mostly in investment and maintenance ) . 
  these enforced savings are the root of the massive problems the company has had over the past few years . 
  and of course heavy-duty flatcars for which there was no more demand from the state ( who did n't need the large number that had been kept during the cold war anymore ) were reduced in number , no longer maintained , upgraded or replaced ( a basic question of company finances ) . 
  in an ideal world with sensible politicians that would be the case . 
  but they 're afraid of the self-appointed left-wing guardians of humanitarism who would cry , howl and scream murder . 
  merkel ca n't `` sell '' anything , she keeps drifting until real life has taken the decision out of her hands ( or forces her hand ) or the domestic scene having arrived at a consensus which she then picks up . 
  she does n't do visionary stuff and certainly public opinion and her own party ( which came as close to openly revolting over the 3rd bailout of greece last year as the cdu ever did ) will not allow her any room to waffle and meander on this . 
  on the lisbon treaty i agree ... 
  i 'd prefer the eu to be like the pre-maastricht eec because i think this form is what constituencies across the member states can support at this point . 
  further political integration is simply too early and i am actually afraid that any further step will be made in backroom haggling and not become visible to public scrutiny until it is too late . 
  the same `` distant and detached elites '' thing that drove so much of the british referendum are at work here as well ... 
  given how quickly the `` orange revolution '' leaders managed to pluck themselves apart in power struggles ( timoshenko anyone ? ), 
  after their election win i would not put too much blame on russian meddling . 
  the political figures in ukraine were ( and as it seems still are ) mostly focused on getting `` fat '' themselves and more interested in gaining and retaining power than in exercising it for the good of the country . 
  the `` australian solution '' is internationally disputed ( to put it mildly ) . 
  on paper it sounds good for those who reject any immigration , but the problem in europe are the pervading `` values '' talkers who would so much of a stink about this it would n't be funny . 
  as i said - the big refugee conventions date back to a time when there was no mass migration and now reveal themselves to be unsustainable in the long run . 
  nevertheless the eu and its members have signed up to them and in fact these have become entrenched in political thinking especially on the left . 
  merkel herself is in a coalition government with the social-democrats and declaring the `` australian solution '' would have led to a disintegration of the coalition and early elections . 
  as such the assumption she could have simply pulled up the drawbridge has been factually impossible . 
  why she went to the extreme she did remains inexplicable . 
   the point of fiscal union is to europeanise the process of spending . 
  not on an national level - ez members would still spend their money on whatever they want - but on a supranational level . 
  countries would need to follow rules in how much is spent . 
  and you have just outlined perfectly why fiscal union inevitably means political union . 
  but as i said : german taxpayers are no more willing to enter such a scheme because of the fundamental crisis of trust net recepients do not want to give up sovereignty and transfer that right to a supranational level . 
  both sides of the argument are utterly logical and understandable ... and the biggest evidence that the current scheme ca n't be deepened but ultimately will fall apart ( in disarray , i fear ) . 
  and as for sch\u00e4uble 's plan and the eurogroup - this is yet another sign of distrust . 
  iirc the eurogroup needs to take decisions unanimously ... hence putting that power into their hands effectively means a veto right for every ez member state .
