  to anything military . 
  the problem is that europe is tri-partitioned with regards to interests in this sphere . 
  we have france ( first and foremost ) and a bunch of med states who look south and want `` european defense '' to be primarily about sorting out the mena . 
  then we have the eastern front which thinks of armored brigades glowering at russia and then we have the rest who does n't particularly care about either and would rather be left alone to sort domestic messes . 
  knowing our politicians i very much doubt this . 
  at worst we 'll get another load of tina arguments and a bunch of artificial political blather . 
   the eu needs to streamline it 's power structure more . 
  there should be someone with equivalent power of the us president ( or french president , now that i think about it ) , just one person that has the power to make important decisions but whose power is kept in check by system of checks in balances . 
  and no member state will allow that to happen ( even if just to protect their own national interests ) - least of all germany with our historically-based affinity to a federal system and a weak executive . 
  delegating such authority to the executive is simply unthinkable to a german mp ( as the inverse is to a french politician , just saying ) . 
  i 'm profoundly skeptical about any `` european '' solution because we ca n't agree on what such a `` solution '' would entail because we ca n't necessairly agree on what exactly the problem is in the first place . 
  none of what you outlined will happen - because there is nobody on the conservative side who has both the guts and the standing to challenge her . 
  we ca n't bake candidates , you know . 
  for germany more money would n't necessarily change the way the bundeswehr is being deployed ( or rather not deployed ) . 
  we 'd still be lambasted for not being the resource provider other states would like to have to underpin their interests ... 
  he 's styled himself into some kind of `` people 's tribune '' , his rhetorics point to him explicitly divorcing himself from the same old , same old ivy league political aristocracy as embodied by families like the kennedys , the clintons and the bushs . 
  sorry , but a `` winner takes it all '' electoral system as in the us is a much different beast than our german system of proportional representation . 
  ours is a system of coalitions ... and no other party is going to work with the afd . 
  so unless the latter achieved a complete majority ( +50 % ) they are not going to govern ( and that is about as likely as finding little green men on mars within the next5 minutes ) . 
  i 'm going to be very honest to you : the same german politicians who have blathered about this on the international scene are too scared and too craven to even debate the goddamned white paper in our own goddamned parliament . 
  why ? 
  because they 're scared out of their ( non-existant ) wits and fear having to carry any personal responsibility that could lead to them being trounced at the ballot box next september ( in our federal election ) . 
  i repeat : the loud-mouthed blatherers are too craven to do their effing job in their own country and debate issues . 
  so , based upon this , what is any of that `` agreement '' truly worth ? 
  in my eyes : nada !, 
  i 'm not sold on the idea of `` nationalism '' being the overarching motive of the afd ( and of trumpistas ) . 
  to me it smells all too much of anti-establishment beliefs , protest vote , giving the `` elite '' the middle finger etc ... 
  i do n't see much of a uniting political agenda or ideology but rather a diffuse disaffection with distant and detached elites . 
   who knows , we might get fn and afd in power before long . 
  afd is polling around 10 % - far , far away from even sniffing at the reigns of power . 
  they rode high on public anger in state elections , but that means nothing for federal elections . 
  the only theoretically possible coalition to beat merkel would be a red - dark red - green coalition ... which would be one of the smallest common denominator coalitions ever ( if at all ) , because all three parties have ideas which do n't sit well with the other two and have hardcore wings which are not interested in making compromises . 
  as such the most likely outcome is yet another grand coalition between cdu and spd with merkel as chancellor . 
  the issue is that the `` eu '' could n't agree on the definition of the term `` defense '' and neither on priorities . 
  and as a third layer it will be yet another unsalvagable cluster * feep * when it comes to money . 
  the only theoretically possible outcome is yet another foul compromise that makes nothing better , i 'm afraid . 
  to me die linke is politically inacceptable , frau wagenknecht 's reverence for stalin just adds another layer . 
  i know that west german politics was riddled with old nazis post 1945 . 
  the difference is that we have 2016 and all those old farts are long gone . 
  exactly . 
  good response . 
  edit : just to make that clear - i agree that blaming the us is but a comfortable excuse . 
  i do not necessarily agree with interventionism per se , but that 's just me . 
  hear hear !, 
  * yeah , right * ( insert disdainful sneer here ) . 
  she and her colleagues do n't even have the guts to debate such issues within germany and now she wants to play on the international level ? 
  pfft !, 
  i 'm a burnt child with regards to die linke ( and her predecessors ) . 
  and as long as one of their leading figures is an unapologetic stalin-admirer ( wagenknecht ) that party remains not only unelectable but factually unacceptable out of principle . 
  imagine the cdu having a right wing that spewed apologies for a number of unsavory characters of our own german history . 
  the outcry would be tremendous ... 
  if any of those left-wing woolgatherers ever really get to govern this country i 'll probably do something i never thought possible : i 'll emigrate . 
  i grew up in former eastern germany , i 've more than had my fill of their `` progressivism '' , thank you very milking much . 
  the paper itself is being seen as one of the publications of the `` alternative right '' movement , you know the closet nazis that want to pretend they 're actually `` concerned citizens '' and rolemodel democrats . 
  given the fact that most natives of ostpreussen are by now gone ( and will be gone within a few years ) i guess the right-wing movement is but the new background for the newspaper itself . 
  we 're having a `` relatively small fiscal transfer program '' at home since 1990 and we 're still having a staggering 25 % gap between east and west . 
  so please do n't insult our intelligence and insinuate that any such `` transfer program '' would be either small or be limited at all . 
  you either have fiscal transfers in place or you do n't - there is nothing in between . 
  and as it is there is nowhere near the `` solidarity '' ( i hate that euphemism ) anywhere in europe to give such ideas a chance . 
  true , recepients will certainly want it , but nobody wants to be on the paying side . 
  i 'd prefer if it was bust for him , thank you ... 
  * cough * it 's * von dem bach-zelewski *  . 
  could be that `` my '' teacher was the same my mother had had in gdr times thirty years before , but then the entire teacher 's union has a massive left-leaning slant and many of our teachers are women ( who 'd rather take an acid bath than talk about military issues in history ) . 
  the way history was taught at our grammar school would make a somewhat dull-witted student wonder what happened in between those `` jumps through history '' and what war the rest of the world is talking about . 
  be careful what you wish for , mate . 
  i did my a-level in history in germany and nothing was ever said about military affairs . 
  we went through the humanistic aspects of the french revolution twice , hopped through the intricacies of the congress of vienna in 1815 , dissected bismarck 's domestic policies vis-a-vis catholics and social democrats , jumped from the wilhelminiam * hoo-hah * straight to the november revolution of 1918 , dug our ways through the inadequacies of the weimar republik , the dawn of the nazi dictatorship and its policies at home ( the racial stuff , societal changes etc ) only to jump one more time to the conference of potsdam in 1945 and have that as topic for our a-level exam . 
  military stuff ? 
  never even mentioned once . 
  and given the stories i 've heard from colleagues and accquaintances that is far from unusual . 
  not surprising , though . 
  the idea of a unified europe as it grew post 1945 came out of the heartfelt wish of the survivors to banish military antics and power politics from the european foreign policy field . 
  to add a military component , maybe even a warrior-like strategic culture , is contradicting a serious part of the eu 's roots and makes many people rather uncomfortable about the very notion . 
  besides that soon-to-be-27 members means soon-to-be-27 different opinions , interests , ideas , cultures and histories . 
  and with us krauts refusing to budge from our `` we 're but a somewhat bigger version of switzerland '' all this talk is pretty pointless in my opinion ( and i am dismayed that german politicians have the nerve to talk the way they talk - despite them being too craven to even honestly debate those issues with their own constituency ) . 
  i hear you , mate . 
  and i agree wholeheartedly . 
  the euro was always a political thing , it actually took off only because of mitterand 's geopolitically-motivated blackmail and kohl had to `` act like a dictator '' to circumvent considerable domestic resistance to abolishing the d-mark . 
  pretty much everyone was telling those fools back then that it would n't work ... apart from the euro-federalist whoolgatherers , that is . 
   the only useful debate should arise within germany establishment . 
  and they wo n't dare as the german population remains steadfast in its refusal to be the piggybank of europe . 
  especially not with a general election next year . 
  i was talking about everybody , not just poland . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
  as i was saying i took aim at the wording of the headline , but then i do n't like this rhetoric pussyfooting in general . 
  if this pipeline goes against national polish interest where 's the harm in saying so ? 
  why the attempt to dress this up in this frilly `` europe '' language that everybody with more than a brain cell can see through ? 
  ignoring the pipeline itself for a moment ... that headline is an insult to anyone 's intelligence . 
  the polish government could n't care less about `` europe '' , the pipeline goes against their national interests ( * cough * refugees/migrants * cough * ) . 
  why ft feels it has to mince words and dress up this simple fact is beyond me . 
  if everyone was honest for once and stopped tossing out these badly-veiled speechbubbles we 'd all understand each other a lot better , i think . 
  ultimately i believe that the people in these regions need to figure out what they want themselves . 
  right now they do n't and libya is a prime example . 
  what happened after ghaddafi 's death ? 
  the population formed various milita and special interest groups to fight each other for the loot . 
  the islamic world seems to be riddled with centuries of hate and prejudices that are being vented and i do n't see a way to change that . 
  you ca n't kill these ideas unless you 're prepared to kill everyone thinking them ( and we 're not into genocide , are we ? ) . 
  is is but the current face and name for the sunni islamist extremism . 
  smash that and something else will take its place , maybe even worse than is ( though that may be hard to do ) , because is grew in a power vacuum and a power vacuum is the only thing that exists in the middle east and large parts of the sahel zone . 
  as i said - military force can be but a tool to achieve political goals .
