  if productivity rose faster than wages then because the unions accepted lower wage growth in exchange for greater security for employees . 
  just saying ... 
  the political body is loath to hold real debates and make clear which political option costs what benefits it could bring ( and to whom ) . 
  they do fear such debates because they do n't want to call into question some of their beloved political structures ( read : the eu in its current form ) which do not only work so well as scapegoat for unpopular politics and lightning arrester but also deprive them of the need to seriously think about some aspects of politics they do n't want to deal with ( foreign policy , defense policy etc ) . 
  i 'm less sanguine about the public mood . 
  i perceive a barely suppressed fury within the german electorate , something that has simmered ever since 2007/2008 . 
  i doubt any politican save for the rabble rousers of the afd wants to try and find out just what is lurking there underneath the thin crust of quiet and docility . 
  the recent bertelsmann poll on the eu also adds some more logs to that fire ... the results are imo pretty cringe-worthy , some kind of `` i like the eu and would like it to do more , but not with my money '' kind of thinking ( the contradictions in the results can not be explained otherwise ) . 
  the problem is that even giving the impression of being willing to talk about `` shared liabilities '' and the likes would amount to opening the mother of all cans of worms in germany . 
  i 'm not sure is a `` natural '' ineptitude at diplomacy . 
  sch\u00e4uble is speaking first and foremost as german minister of finances , secondly as a major figure in the governing party revving up for next year 's electoral campaign and only lastly as someone who is a key figure on the european stage . 
  the kind of `` investment '' thinking and the `` economic government '' that fillion propagates is anathema to the overwhelming majority of german voters . 
  sch\u00e4uble simply tries to keep the lid on such ideas lest they could become a hotly debated issue in the german electoral campaign and drive voters into the arms of the afd ( which is a decidedly anti-euro party and could profit from a renewed round of attempts to establish shared liabilities `` through the backdoor '' ) . 
  it ca n't work . 
  that 's the rub ... 
  the societies of the eu member states were not willing and able to make the compromises necessary for that to happen in the much more permissive environment of the early 1990s and are even less so these days . 
  the euro exists not because of fiscal or economic imperatives , it exists and continues to exist only because of * political considerations * , some of which have nothing to do with economic or fiscal affairs . 
  i mean it 's not like us german voters were ever given a democratic choice of whether to introduce the euro or not . 
  mitterand told kohl to accept the euro or face a french rejection of german reunification . 
  it was utter political blackmail . 
  i do n't really take them seriously , there were simply too many of the type of `` we britain , we big , kneel before us '' ( overdramatized for reasons of clarity ) that leads me to the conclusion that ther is * something * in this regard at work . 
  and quite frankly : if these papers did n't sell with the overblown headlines they would n't be published . 
  i never had a particular opinion of the entire uk , but the run up to the vote , a bunch of things that happened afterwards and especially the tone of all too many british news headlines are - in my opinion - pretty worthy of an `` epic triple facepalm '' . 
  the run up campaign to the vote , on both sides , was an embarrassing clown , idiot and dumbass show and i 'll leave you to your own thoughts which political figure in the uk played which role . 
  i sometimes wondered where the superb reputation of the british debating culture had come from if * this * was the standard for debating issues in the uk . 
  when reports of people asking `` wait , what did we actually vote on ? '', 
  appeared in the days after the vote i sometimes wanted to smash my head on the desk to overlay the headache i was getting . 
  honestly , i had expected more of her majesty 's citizens . 
  a hole line of newspaper ( tabloid ) headlines coming from british sources since the referendum has actually reinforced the impression that there really seems to be some sort of pining for the lost status as great power and world-spanning empire in the uk . 
  sure , the headlines were probably aimed at strengthening domestic spines , but to me they came across as blatant whistling in the dark . 
  or , as dean acheson once said , * `` great britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role . 
  * first step : everyone argues who should pay what . 
  * second step : everyone argues which companies get the money . 
  * third step : institution produces a load of papers with `` should '' , `` could '' or `` suggest '' whereas the member states remain aloof because they want to protect their domestic defense companies . 
  yup . 
  sorry if that impression came across . 
  the only relevance for being registered as a member of a certain religious affiliation is whether the state automatically detracts the church tax from your income and transfers it to the church coffers . 
  what i was talking about in my initial post is the need to `` sign out '' at the local court - which would mean for me to take a day off from work ( one day of my annual `` holidays '' / vacation or i 'd have to take a day in lieu of my overtime ) due to its opening times . 
  i 'm not interested in wasting one day for that . 
  public holidays are public holidays . 
  some may have religious roots but there is no differentiation between atheists and religious folks when it comes to staying at home on them . 
  not really . 
  there are a bunch of holidays that are valid for all federal states , some are only relevant for a handful . 
  it actually depends on where you work ... for example berlin has one of the lowest if not the lowest number of holidays across all 16 federal states while bavaria has among the most . 
  the only reason why i am still counted as protestant is because i do n't wish to waste a holiday or overtime for signing out of `` that club '' . 
  currency manipulation is probably the wrong term . 
  in an article back in 2015 an economist characterized the `` northern '' eurozone members as states in which money had to be rock-solid and nobody - not the government or the central bank - was allowed to fiddle with it for political reasons ( mostly to avoid having to make harsh policy decisions ) . 
  given the diametrically opposed experiences of the `` southern '' ez members - in which devaluation and inflation were standard due to the need to offset the debt incurred for the domestic consumption - it 's simply unthinkable for either `` camp '' that the other would not operate the same way one does oneself . 
  you may wish to think a bit why the d-mark was the `` leitw\u00e4hrung '' in europe . 
  could it be that our economic and fiscal views combined with long decades of solid policymaking in that area actually created the underpinning of that role for the d-mark ? 
   let me assure you fn is not afd . 
  sorry , but le pen has merely tried to hide the warts and the ugly soul under a thick layer of make up - the party of her father still lurks underneath all that trappings . 
  to me the fn is in no way better than the afd , sorry . 
  knowing germans ( and myself probably being the carricature of a stereotypical fiscally conservative and risk-averse german ) just do n't see the potential for `` more imports '' . 
  what is actually meant is a reduction in exports and i want to see the european country that would willingly cut the branch it is sitting on for some nebulous concept as `` solidarity '' . 
   oh well , this is new to me . 
  only the euro , and not the shared market ? 
  the eec worked relatively well before he expansion into the eu . 
  i think this is the only truly sustainable version of the eu at this point . 
   for my own edification : is this a common opinion in germany ? 
  i ca n't speak for everybody else , so i will have to saying that `` i do n't know '' . 
   these risks however come with a reward : the shared market . 
  the `` shared market '' existed in some form well before the euro introduction . 
  that alone has little to do with `` shared risks and liabilities '' . 
  the euro is a political construct introduced for political reasons - economists and pretty much everyone left with all of his marbles said it was a nutty idea and the last 8 years have revealed just how true that is . 
   from your point of view , you might not know exactly what is our le pen moment . 
  a large part of the population is proud of their country and is concerned with immigration . 
  she is the only one with a serious attitude about it . 
  it does not mean we do n't like our european partners , and that we want to close ourselves to them . 
  germans being proud of their country , being against massive immigration , being against salary dumping , being for cultural preservation would not be a bad thing at all . 
  both for you and for us . 
  healthy neighbours is always good . 
  the problem with le pen is that she has a realistic chance of becoming french president despite heading a party of closet nazis , racist bigots , populistic simpletons and revisionists which have dug into the topic of immigration like a dog holds on to a bone , but have a program that goes far beyond these `` lighthouse topics '' and hark back to a time us germans do n't want to return ever again . 
  i am not a fan of mass migration from the middle east , either , but i do not run into the arms of the afd , either , because their antics disgust me on a very fundamental and personal level . 
  but give this party yet another bazooka - like such a debt mutualization scheme - and i am not able to predict what will happen then . 
  even the german society can be pushed only so far before the anti-establishment moment that brought trump onto the path to the white house becomes a real issue in germany , too . 
  right now the alt-right echochambers may delude themselves about the afd 's chances in next year 's election but give them this argument and watch things get really nasty . 
  uh ... you are aware that eu nations call for `` german leadership '' when they want it to do something specific ( in the way they want it ) and denounce it as `` german dictate '' when it does n't do what they want ? 
  given the vastly different sizes of economies you ca n't `` balance '' economies without taking from the `` strong '' and give to the `` weak '' ( which the `` strong '' will never tolerate ) . 
  imbalances will remain a fact of life as long as different nations exist . 
   but would you agree to it with the right budget control tools ? 
  those were tried in the maastricht treaty and everybody simply ignored them . 
  pooling that much sovereignty was not possible in the relatively permissive environment of the early 1990s and is even less possible given the experiences made ever since maastricht . 
  i feel there is no `` control mechanism '' that would work - partially because every state jealously guards its national sovereignty ( especially in fiscal matters ) and partially because of the mutually exclusive expectations of the two camps i outlined in another post . 
   you did not comment on this critical mass unfair advantage argument , perpetuities law against it , and leveling the chances . 
  do i take it you 're agreeing ? 
  or do you wish to just not comment this part ? 
  i find myself torn whether to disregard it totally ( because part of the argument feels very constructed to me ) or admit that i may not competent enough to actually make a detailed comment on it . 
  as such i 'd say i have to pass ... 
  sorry , but i have to vividly disagree . 
  the debt mutualization would - currently - only rejuvenate and reanimate the very same overspending habits in various political establishments that got eu member states in the dire mess we 're in . 
  as i said - you ca n't turn greece or italy into smaller versions of germany and neither can you turn germany into a larger version of `` la dolce vita '' . 
   in any case , a union where germany is the only country reaping the benefits - at the expense of others - will not fly . 
  which is why i advocate an orderly dissolution of the euro . 
   there are tremendous benefits to a union , but costs ( that are relatively low ) need to be the same for everyone . 
  this is about equality of chances . 
  german voters were * never * given the chance to veto or prevent the introduction of the euro and it never had any democratic majority save for the ludicrous statements of the kohl government and the party discipline of their factions . 
  we , as a society , never wanted the darn thing and were never prepared to mutualize risk or costs ... which is why the maastricht treaty ( for all its factual failings ) turned out the way it is . 
  this is a central issue that i believe is not viewed with the importance it deserves . 
  if you force a deeper fiscal integration the way you proposed you may actually give germany its own `` le pen moment '' .
