  theory usually fails in the face of reality . 
  the greek economical problem is in part due to an excessive bureaucracy that makes economic activity in the country a chore . 
  in those categories greece is based far down on the `` ease of making business '' scale that is being released every year . 
  there is much much more to an economy than just some `` bland numbers '' of currency valuation - regulatory environment , reliability of the bureaucracy , etc etc, 
   if greeks had their own currency , it would be much weaker than euro , making greek export more competitive . 
  first problem : there is not much that greece exported . 
  but the second and much bigger problem is the greek dependency on importing many articles of basic needs that a ( much ) devalued greek currency would make much much more expensive - agricultural products and food , energy ( especially oil ) , medical stuff . 
  it 's not a panacea , it would have some side effects that would hit the ordinary people as well . 
  he did n't ... and i 'll call him right away and voice my displeasure . 
   addenum : it 's all fine and dandy if these political bunglers make such statements in international fora and media , but when they do n't dare to even * debate * such things with their own constituency , when their * words * are not supported by * actions * then the average voter may be forgiven for not seeing them as * credible * . 
  concerning any international affairs the german political body looks a lot like a group of teenagers who are always saying `` we 're going to do ... '' or `` we have to ... '' but when the time comes to turn words into deeds they all look amongst themselves for someone brave ( or stupid ) enough to actually move and when nobody does move they fall quiet all of a sudden . 
  hmmm ... not sure . 
  coming across as a clumsy bungler who puts in his foot at every opportunity mixed with an unscrupolousness in methods ( * cough * luxembourg pm * cough * tax deals * cough * ) is not exactly the type of person i 'd mandate with a high political office . 
  he certainly has a talent to put his foot in at every opportunity he gets , has n't he ? 
  it was always a type of teenager pledge . 
  `` yes , i 'll tidy up my room . '', 
  and then he added in his mind `` if i ever feel like it . '', 
  there were attempts to make it a hard committment in 2014 but even before the start of the nato summit in wales both canada and germany rejected that and the `` recommendation '' remained just that . 
  as i said below i consider leaving the more honest way . 
  the society will not support the kind of `` hard '' policies that recommittment would demand . 
  as a political analyst wrote yesterday  gressel stressed that public antipathy to assertive defence policies was tying policy makers ' hands . 
  [ ... ] `` the reunification of germany was the last big goal for germans . 
  after that everyone fell into this ` end of history ' feeling - everything is good , we 're all friends and it has to stay that way . 
  since then it has been hard to mobilize germans for new projects . '', 
  any time european policies have rubbed up against russian resistance , the german public have rebelled against efforts to push them through . 
  `` the overwhelming majority of the electorate simply do n't want to be drawn into a confrontation which it ca n't understand and the repercussions of which it ca n't predict . '', 
  that , imo , hits the nail on the head . 
  well , the priority got lost when the warsaw pact crumbled and the russian forces in east germany withdrew to russia proper in 1994 . 
   coming from a country which has more or less stopped using cash for both small and big transactions , it boggles my mind that people drag around money to buy a car . 
  well , not if you get a rebate of 4000 euros for paying in cash . 
  rather `` best of luck , nato '' . 
  if its survival really depends on germany then it ought to prepare its own funeral . 
   who the fuck has that much money ? 
  in 2014 i bought myself a new car . 
  in cash . 
  i assure you having 500 $ notes is far preferable to running around with a bag of notes of smaller denomination for that purpose . 
  those big denomination notes are still considered `` essential '' in germany , we 're a `` cash is king '' type of society . 
  credibility is not established by lofty rhetorics and the political scene in berlin is only united in one thing : talking big , acting small ... out of a collective cowardice in the face of the voter . 
  sorry , i do n't see much of an impact on public opinion as people know very well that the rhetorics are n't backed up by reality . 
  k\u00f6hler 's formulation was utterly clumsy ... and he was a target for the left-leaning political spheres because of his personal views anyway . 
  gauck 's speech was scoffed at by pretty much everyone i know and it was generally ignored - the same day he held that speech a poll came out with 63 % of those polled rejecting the very things he called for in his speech in 2014 ( and pretty much any serious poll ever since has confirmed that rejection of `` more '' ) . 
  most simply can no longer be arsed to get worked up . 
  * `` do n't bother me , man , '' * is the new mantra . 
  as long as it does n't cost much and does n't bring us `` nazi '' headlines in international media most people simply do n't care any longer . 
  and i have yet to find a single person who actually takes `` flinten-uschi '' serious . 
  a lot of folks think she is more interested in pr blabla and political surviving until september this year in the hope of getting back `` her '' ministery of health . 
  german politicians have been very careful not to cross the `` pain threshold '' of german society with military deployments . 
  afghanistan came closest to it and that is why german politicians indulged in an orgy of rhetoric obfuscation , denial , whitewashing , reality bending and waffling that was painful to watch and listen to . 
  nobody knows what may happen if that `` pain threshold '' is crossed ... maybe even nothing ( given that most people her do n't give a rat 's furry backside about the military - `` not my problem , not my fault '' is the relevant meme here ) but maybe it 'll be an outcry that blows apart a few political careers ( remember the `` kunduz affair '' ? ) . 
  and no politician is willing to risk * that * over something so `` peripheral '' as a military deployment that - if we 're honest - is only being made to appease some international partner . 
  but you 're right in so far that the first `` dogma '' is not open to negotiations , either . 
  i have been looking at polls , public opinion , political rhetoric and especially what politicians did ( or do n't do ) ... and then i put two and two together . 
   berlin 's next coalition in the bundestag will have to break with two powerful dogmas of post-world war ii germany : a balanced budget and a pacifist mindset . 
  ca n't help but shake my head over such nonsense . 
  note to politico : neither is on offer , especially not the second . 
  you 're looking at the wrong country for that kind of issues . 
   but germany literally did have a nice military in cold war . 
  it was but a one-trick pony and people were aware of that . 
  and you know what ? 
  the bundeswehr was but a political `` coin '' that adenauer tossed at the western powers to regain a bit more `` sovereignty '' . 
  he famously never cared whether that army even had any combat value , he also undercut parameters he had agreed to himself ( length of the mandatory military service - the agreement spoke of 18 months , he introduced 12 because of domestic considerations ) and the federal president of that time ( heinemann ) is known to have made the condescending remark to some bundeswehr soldiers `` well , then keep on winning folks '' ( the actual words in german were utterly condescending ) . 
  and guess what - once the warsaw pact collapsed and the red army agreed to withdraw from east germany the general notion was `` well , job done , clean up and then close the shop '' . 
  the perception was ( and for a lot of people still is ) that the bundeswehr had done the job it had been built for and had no task anymore . 
   war is n't just nukes . 
  the nato forces were very big conventionally and did not consist of just nukes . 
  but given the enormous numerical superiority of the warsaw pact people were aware that only american nukes could provide * some * balance and deterrence , even nato did n't really think that a war could be kept non-nuclear for more than three weeks . 
  at that point either nato would be forced to resort to tactical nuclear weapons to blunt soviet breakthroughs or the soviets would use them to create breakthroughs . 
  either way germany would be one big parking lot with a curiously glassy surface . 
  ah `` european solidarity '' ... that crappy word construct that bismarck once ( much more realistically ) described as `` i 've heard the word ` europe ' from the mouth of those demanding something from foreign nations they do n't dare demand in their own name . '', 
  but then i 'm such a heartless cynical bastard ... , 
   germany has 1 destroyer . 
  germany has no destroyers . 
  that sounds far too militant and dangerous . 
  all we have is `` frigates '' ... even those with a weight and size issue ( future type f125 - a real * `` colonial wannabe-cruiser gunboat '' * )  . 
   germany and france alone could probably deal with russian posturing effectively . 
  [ ... ] why did the baltics and poland need to request us troops when ukraine started ? 
  again you only look at gdp and fail to spot the devil in the details . 
  french strategic thinking is focused on the mena region so they have little interest in the `` eastern european boondocks '' . 
  i mean look at the candidates for the french presidency - even the most conservative one spoke of `` working with russia '' because he has interests in other areas ( the mena ) that overlap with russia 's and cooperation would be helpful there against the threats he perceives as most urgent . 
  secondly unlike the us the french have never brought their nuclear arsenal into alliance structures but have kept it strictly separate and under tight national control . 
  and germany is a thoroughly pacifist , de-bellicized and de-militarized society . 
  just because we have one of the world 's biggest economies that does n't mean we actually could transform that into military power . 
  we may be big like an ox but like many oxen we 're as aggressive as a wet rag . 
  the social , psychological and cultural parameters are just not there to do this ...  [ ... ] the other is that they did not have the will . 
  i can only talk about germany here but that is the core . 
  defense spending is but a function of will , societal and/or political . 
  we do n't have either . 
  i do n't . 
  funnily enough the german view of nato was exactly that - an insurance against invasion . 
   germany needs to get over their wwii obsession . 
  actually we drew some conclusions from ww2 . 
  it 's other countries ( squints at the uk in particular ) that have a ww2 obscession . 
  but then it 's been such a tempting tool for trying to get germany to do something we do n't want , has n't it ( squints at greece ) ? 
   you do n't see eastern europeans throwing away any ideas of having a strong military just because they ca n't 1v1 usa or nuke the planet . 
  as i said that is the unique german societal experience of the cold war . 
  no amount of german military preparation could have done a thing , it were always us nukes that carried the deterrence against the warsaw pact . 
   i have a question for you , what happens when russia stages another green man invasion in lithuania or another nato baltic state ? 
  i ca n't answer that . 
  i do n't think anyone can . 
  simply put - you got your views , we got ours .
