  as vertikal said bl\u00d6d is a common distortion of the name of said `` newspaper '' as many severely dislike its simplistic and sensationalist style of headlines , stories and tone . 
  there were multiple displays of those comparisons , not only in the gutter press but during demonstrations and even the syriza government tried the `` nazi bludgeon '' in their rhetorics . 
  speaking of attempts to shame germany into aquiescence is not exactly far-fetched . 
  i feel offended . 
  i actually manage my life without ever having read a bl\u00d6d . 
  i value my basic intelligence too much for that rag . 
  there is a very definite difference between a disagreement ( or difference of opinion ) and a simplistic invocation of `` godwin 's law '' . 
  pis does have all the trappings of a populistic , nationalistic ( in the negative sense ) and self-righteous party which is all too happy to do the latter whenever it pleases . 
  i do see the point of poland being downright hostile to the idea of large-scale immigration , but i bet we 'll see the same nazi comparisons again when the nato summit in warsaw this year will once again make no committment to permanent bases - partially because of german skepticism . 
  it 's one thing to rebuff an opinion , it 's another to try to smother criticism or to discredit a differing opinion by resorting to cheap populism and nazi comparisons . 
  fun fact about germany : guess why serious debates about immigration and refugees even before the current crisis were never held ? 
  yup ... because the left-leaning overbearing moralists smothered it by invoking `` godwin 's law '' . 
  well , yeah , but ask the greeks how well that tactic worked in their case ... ~ insert evilly grinning smiley here ~, 
  the source is a rabid anti-russian site ... any worse and they 'd have foam at their mouths . 
  i stopped clicking on their links a long time ago . 
  i was being sarcastic , but the unfortunate truth for the baltic nations is that today 's germany is a nearly totally demilitarized society . 
  the political body is neither interested in the military nor will any of its representatives expose themselves in favor of it . 
  and as the mere thought of a military conflict is so horrible for these politicians they simply turn to the oldest `` defense '' in the world : which must not , can not be . 
  there is a tiny problem with your post : it looks at glossy prospects and ministerial pr , but fails to read the small print . 
  let 's take a look at the aesa radar introduction . 
  it has been germany which has dragged its feet over the allocation of budget for this , much to the dismay and anger of partners like the uk . 
  this has slowed progress on the capability updates for all user nations so much , that the raf spent considerable amounts of money to incorporate their pgm into the ef on an interim base . 
  or take the case of the aim-120 amraam of which currently only 48 remain in useable state within the luftwaffe even though nobody knows when the meteor will be available and how many of those will be procured . 
  the politicians do n't care ... except when they can profit personally . 
  indirect subsidy to airbus . 
  military capabilities ? 
  who needs that ? 
  the only things that matter are keeping jobs in germany . 
  who cares if the end product is grossly overpriced , far too late and not fulfilling the demands of the military ? 
  the only relevant thing is that certain members of the bundestag can once again shuffle contracts towards companies which happen to be located in the electoral districts of said politicians . 
  if they want those `` capabilities '' why are n't they investing in bringing the eurofighter fleet up to scratch ? 
  why are n't they procuring modern weapons beyond tiny numbers if they think the bundeswehr needs these capabilities ? 
  because they do n't care about military capabilities . 
  only if the power corporations finally pay their due over nuclear waste disposal and politicians stop pandering them via scarecely hidden subsidies . 
  oh , and only if those states who operated most of these power stations stop being pussies and end their blockade of searching a place for the final waste disposal on their soil ( bavaria i 'm looking at you ! ) . 
  since neither would happen i am not in favor of restarting those reactors . 
  i 've got nothing against nuclear power in general , but the political filth in that business does n't make me feel particularly inclined to be the corporations ' cash cow any longer . 
  east-german version : mielcke ( chief of stasi ) : erich , what do you do as a hobby ? 
  honecker : i collect the jokes the people tell about us . 
  mielcke : interesting . 
  we have very similar hobbies , comrade . 
  you collect the jokes , i collect those who tell them . 
  you forgot the second part of your post . 
  but no problem , i know it . 
  it 's `` or else ... '', 
  but the reality is that the german people will simply not sign up to such a large open-ended commitment . 
  period . 
  sch\u00e4uble is arguing the way he does because he knows there 's no way in hell he 'd get away with agreeing to any kind of `` shared liability '' system . 
  utterly serious . 
  but then i am very `` british '' and euroskeptic in my views . 
  anything beyond the `` pre-maastricht economical club '' is too far for my liking . 
  ** we ** ( meaning the sovereign ) were never asked . 
  the euro was forced on us by mitterand 's blackmail and kohl 's surrender , the latter himself admitting to having `` acted like a dictator '' over that issue . 
  had there been a public referendum - which was demanded but politicians hid behind `` the constitution does n't allow that '' tosh - we 'd still have the d-mark today as there was no way the euro would have gotten a democratic majority . 
   this is completely disingenuous because that is what the euro admission process is supposed to accomplish . 
  + cough + * no-bailout-clause * + cough + treaty of maastricht + cough + us germans have been very open about our fundamental refusal for a `` transfer union '' . 
  we had to put trillions into reunification , then billions into a bailout process that was supposed to be impossible and unlawful given existing treaties and now we 're asked to become europe 's piggy bank ? 
  over . 
  dead . 
  body . 
  totally uninterested in religion . 
  godwin 's law enacted . 
  thread pointless from now on ... 
  yawn ... another anglo-saxon sniping from the sidelines because we do n't buy the `` throw-money-at-it-future-generations-be-damned '' approach these folks propagate . 
  my view : if you put yourself up to be voted into a parliament you automatically declare the willingness to assume a position of authority and power ... and responsibility . 
  the `` daily working tools '' of a democratic parliament is rhetorics , but if you decline or refuse to use them in a responsible manner that allows the public to gauge your view , your position and capability ( and , in a way , your suitability for that position ) then you decline a major part of the very responsibility you accepted as part of your mandate . 
  i simply expect more than waffling and rhetoric bullshyte from an mp - i expect clear words , words followed by action and a congruence of words and deeds . 
  if you had heard them meandering all over the place rhetorically about pretty much any topic , how obvious their attempts at remaining vague and non-committal were at times then i 'd say cowardice in the face of the voter is a rather common trait among german politicians . 
  they are afraid of saying something that could come back to haunt them . 
  which is why they resort to babble without content and avoidance of debates . 
   what would it take to convince you that massive western military intervention is required in the region ? 
  i 'm talking boots on the ground , everything ? 
  you did n't ask me , but here 's my answer , anyway : nothing . 
  if something like that happened i 'd rather resort to `` iron curtain 2.0 '' - this time to seal off the middle east in its entirety . 
  if the me is so hellbent on having its own version of the 30-years-war i 'm quite content to let them have it . 
  but then we need to make sure they keep their squabbles on their turf . 
  hence the `` iron curtain 2.0 '' . 
  we are n't talking about it because most simply do n't care . 
  one journalist said last year :  the bundeswehr is the army of the german parliament , not of the german people . 
  i think that 's an accurate description as i have the distinct impression that most see the bundeswehr as yet another `` federal agency '' , something that serves `` them up there '' . 
  there is apparently very little feeling of `` ownership '' , it 's nothing `` to do with us '' . 
  hence the indifference . 
  take a good long look at the political clowns in berlin and you 'll know that there will be no real debate . 
  they 're all too craven to have a proper debate , to take responsibility for anything . 
  i mean look at gabriel and his speech promising the spd party base a referendum about further military engagement in syria . 
  that is not what a leading politician does , that 's what a coward does who does n't have the spine to take responsibility and who is not prepared to suffer the consequences if his stance is not aligned with the majority . 
  but the rest is n't any better , they 're all the same . 
  more `` i 've got no clue what we are doing but i want you to take part more intensively '' ? 
  thanks , i 'll pass . 
  i 'd rather call off any further foreign deployment for the next five years and let the bundeswehr take a breath . 
  given the problems it has more `` symbolic policies by other means '' is the last thing it needs . 
  thx . 
  well , you can not argue this way at least in the german case as the question ifv or apc in germany is based on a german peculiarity that - to my knowledge - no other state has . 
  due to historical and traditional reasons only the panzergrenadier units are being counted as mechanized infantry and are being depicted in documents and on maps with the nato emblem for mechanized infantry . 
  within the bundeswehr they 're not with the infantry but the panzer troops ( because they 're seen as part of the heavy mechanized forces ) . 
  the regular infantry , the * j\u00e4gertruppe * - also `` mechanized '' with the gtk boxer - is depicted with the traditional sign for foot-slogging infantry ... and the bundeswehr sees the boxer as an armored battle taxi , the infantry is meant to operate dismounted only whereas the panzergrenadier units are expected to operate primarily mounted but also dismounted . 
  it 's difficult to explain , it 's something grown out of history and traditions , but it 's markedly different from other nations where infantry on wheeled or tracked apcs and ifvs are being counted as mechanized infantry as well . 
  quite frankly i think the boxer has mobility advantages over the m113 - given the age of the m113 not surprising , though . 
  and protection-wise the m113 really is but a tinfoil crate on tracks , the boxer is another league entirely . 
  besides , the lithuanians are going to procure an ifv version , not the one in service with the german and dutch militaries ( which are apcs with a 12,7 mm mg or a 40mm gmg at best ) , too .
