  to me all those phrases are essentially smokescreen talk , polished pr blather that in the end is simply empty and meaningless . 
  but i firmly believe that it 's only interests and a cost-benefit-calculation that drives policies in any country . 
  ( example : poland did n't send soldiers to iraq and afghanistan because they dig `` interventionism '' - they did so with the clear expectation of us concessions on permanent bases on their soil in return ) yesterday i was watching a panel discussion by the atlantic council on their latest report `` alliance at risk '' ( which i really recommend , even if it will most likely give you a few flutters of the heart - and not the good ones ) on yt and the longer the debate went the more convinced i became that even these `` experts '' were deluding themselves because they talked endlessly about values , principles , solidarity and all that nicely-sounding stuff ... but in my opinion precisely that language obstructs their view on the realities which keep our world spinning politically : namely that all states not only have different interests but are also differing ( greatly ) in what they 're prepared to do to achieve them . 
  that 's a fact of life that we need to acknowledge ... and yet politicians and people alike are denying that fact , most obviously when they want something from the outside world they are n't likely to get . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  look at the euro crisis and how greece expected `` solidarity '' ... look at german politicians asking for `` european solidarity '' in the refugee crisis ( even though it should be obvious to anyone with two working brain cells that this is n't forthcoming and wo n't be forthcoming ) . 
  bottom line : for me all politics is a transactional thing and the more nicely sounding `` sugarcoating language '' is used to hide that fact the more likely it is that we get nothing done anywhere . 
  the same was always true for nato ... it was , deep down , never really a community of values but always a pact of those who sought strength in numbers . 
  and in that germany was the convenient buffer for the rest of western europe - despite all the lofty rhetoric on `` forward defense '' of german territory ( which nato regarded as unrealistic for most of the cold war , anyway ) . 
  germans have always been aware of that role ( buffer state and potential nuclear wasteland ) ... maybe that has an impact on public attitudes here as well . 
  for a `` leading politician '' i 've heard that name for the first time just yesterday . 
  all i can put in here as an answer is : `` welcome to the real world . '', 
  in this real world states have interests and weigh decisions between costs and benefits ... you speak about moldova ... 
  yes , i give a rat 's furry backside about `` russia occupying moldova '' . 
  why ? 
  because , ultimately , russia is a nuclear power and we are n't . 
  at the end of the day they 'll always have the ultimate `` argument enhancer '' ... that 's called realism but if you want to call it egotism then be my guest . 
  because , yes , i 'd like to keep my country out of what begins to sound like an old-fashioned blood feud with russia on your part . 
  quite honestly ... 
  i am getting the impression that you are merely trying to seek the cover of the herd to snipe at moscow 'cause of old injustices . 
  i do n't share the fear of russia you obviously feel . 
  well , then we simply disagree ... if the warsaw summit this year brings permanent bases for you guys then that 's the way it is ... 
  but i still think the `` threat '' from russia is overblown because they like to keep others out of balance , but an outright invasion and takeover ... nah , sorry . 
   that is denial on the german part . 
  it is also indicative that you even have to ask . 
  quite honestly i call that a rather normal difference of opinion . 
   you are not here , so you do n't see . 
  no , i am not and no , i do n't . 
  but i do n't take kindly to insinuations of how i have to think ... 
  i like to do that for myself , courtesy of growing up in east germany under the sed . 
   striking deals with kremlin to screw over eastern europe and deny them proper nato protection ... cut the hyperbole , will you ? 
  that molotov-ribbentrop language is so * the-year-before-yesteryear * it 's not funny anymore . 
  what many germans do n't agree with is that cee states are in actual need of * `` proper nato protection '' * in the first place . 
  why ? 
  because many simply do n't think moscow would really move against either the baltics or poland ( because people look at the cost-benefit calculation and think that would be * soooo * overwhelmingly negative that not even the dumbest of kremlin crooks would fall for that one ) . 
  is that denial or a sense of realism ? 
  that remains in the eye of the beholder . 
  ( me personally ? 
  do n't care either way . ), 
  and by `` interventionism '' i talk about the nonsense of sending military forces to dustbowls in the middle east or africa that few people could find on a globe without google to keep people from killing each other for reasons us euros ca n't even begin to understand . 
  italy suits much better for those directions . 
  you 're wrong there . 
  after the cold war the us simply had those facilities on german soil ... like ramstein afb which is * the * logistical hub for any operation in the middle east . 
  like landstuhl military hospital which takes the overwhelming majority of casualties in these ops . 
  those are the main installations here ... the other significant three are baumholder , hohenfels and spangdahlem - two training grounds and an afb . 
  if the us decided to move all those then it would happen ... but then the new host nation would have to pay for the infrastructure ( as germany did and still does ) . 
   you did n't really address my point of germany spending 1 % within nato while others having to spend 2 % in nato . 
  and all the political schroederism on top of that . 
  my answer was and still is relevant . 
  fact is germany has no clue what to do with the bundeswehr - without a direct and palpable military threat arguing for higher defense spending for `` home defense '' is n't going to float the boat and the interventionism that other countries propagate has no public following here . 
  of course it would be the duty of politicians to uphold nato commitments ( though i find the 2 % thingy too arbitrary - a 58 billion $ defense budget in germany is an amusing mirage and totally unrealistic ) , but given the fact that all of them are hustling to and fro between the latest polls all they do is to float with the winds of public opinion and `` manage '' ( instead of lead ) it should be of no surprise that they do n't want to talk about things that do n't help with their voters and may actually cause them to lose at the next ballot box . 
  again , us troops here add zero to any perceived security of this country . 
  their presence is based on other interests of the us , namely easing power projection into the middle east and africa , and - if i were into splitting hairs - could even be seen as against our interests in some parts . 
  why ? 
  because said installations also include nsa listening posts like the new one in wiesbaden , which has been built with nearly a billion $ of german taxpayer money for the past few years ( this is due to the status of forces agreement from the 1970s - construction projects are part of the host nation 's responsibility in this agreement ) . 
  guess the public reaction to that when it became known last year ...   it is sheer economic thinking for germany to cull its army while selling weapons to other nato member states ( to eastern europe ) , to russia and to the middle east and elsewhere of course the massive drawdown of the bundeswehr post-1990 is based on economic thinking . 
  unlike other nations with comparable economics we do n't have an interventionist strategic culture but rather the exact opposite ( culture of reticence ) . 
  with the disappearance of the warsaw pact germans did n't see a point in keeping an army with 12 divisions when there was virtually zero military threat . 
  it 's not `` emotionally trying to keep ** those ** us troops in germany '' ... quite frankly right now it 's sheer economic thinking that keeps the us installations in germany . 
  they have existed for a long time , the infrastructure is all there and legal mechanisms exist ( sofa agreement etc ) . 
  for most germans these bases are a non-issue , locals like them as they bring some economic advantages and the left seethes at the blatant disregard most germans give this issue ... 
  but we 're talking about bases which host combat forces , armored forces to be precise . 
  so why do germans feel uneasy about such ideas ? 
  because collectively we remember the cold war in such a way that deescalation was the only way for germany to keep existing . 
  had the cold war turned hot germany would have ceased to exist . 
  this lesson is specifically german and i can imagine it 's seen as idiotic in other countries , but then different people have always drawn different lessons from history . 
  the first part ( up to the 1860s ) was known as * biedermeier * , a period of stultifying censorship and oppression of dissenting opinions by the post-vienna system metternich had erected in 1815 , that drove the german people into an `` inner immigration '' , a withdrawal into the privacy of their homes , into literature , art and the idyll of their family . 
  that began to give way to what i call the * `` blood and iron '' * phase , beginning with bismarck 's appointment as prussian prime minister and the wars of german unification ( 1866 ) . 
  that phase almost seamlessly flowed into the * `` imperial phase '' * after the declaration of the german empire in 1871 . 
  the permanent bases in germany have long since lost any pretense of `` defense '' , the troops there have long since been support forces that enable us power projection into the middle east and africa . 
  as such the installations the us runs in germany are essentially worthless for the purpose you want them . 
  besides ... the us alone decides whether or not they keep installations in germany open or not . 
  and as for combat forces with just 2nd cavalry regiment ( a stryker brigade combat team ) and an airborne combat team us combat forces in europe are seriously on the light side . 
  it 's not like they have an armored division stationed here ... 
   the little equipment they have is high quality ... 
  they just have a pointlessly/ineffective low number of it . 
  [ sarcasm ] ah , you misunderstood the purpose of germany 's armed forces ... 
  the bundeswehr is no army in the conventional sense , it 's but a state-sponsored showroom for military hardware on behalf of our defense contractors . 
  well , every country has its idiots ... and among these a lot of variety ( concerning topics ) . 
  go back to the basics and let any development towards any potential `` ever closer union '' take a normal development as opposed to the current elitist `` we know best but certainly better than you '' push that 's been all the rage since the fall of the iron curtain . 
  it 's clear that european member states and especially their people are nowhere near where the eurofederalists would like them to be . 
  start with honesty : the eu right now has been pushed beyond the limits of what national electorates would tolerate . 
  as a result i believe the only realistic if painful way would be to return to what the ec had been before maastricht , an economical association of european states . 
  for that we neither need a large eurocracy in brussels nor a pseudo-parliament in two different places . 
  and we certainly need no forced `` ever closer union '' ushered in with tina pseudo-arguments . 
  the issue with the `` anti-nationalists '' among the federalists is their conviction of `` we know best '' . 
  they contain a streak of a self-righteous sense of mission that they strive to transplant into all european people , without tolerating dissenting opinions . 
  that 's reeking of some kind of `` mental imperialism '' , a bit like the colonialism of old but without the guns and the cheap presents for the natives . 
  these folks are , imo , well-meaning but as the old saying goes `` the way to hell is plastered with good intentions . '', 
  for most people it wo n't . 
  quite frankly how much direct impact does the recent hoo-haa between polish and german governments have on normal citizens ? 
  barely any ... if at all . 
  and yet it was all over the media . 
  so how important can that be for an ordinary citizen if it has zero impact on his everyday life ? 
  other eu members upset ? 
  awww ... if you had n't noticed it : eu members are almost constantly somewhat p * ssed at other eu members for various reasons . 
  that has been a constant despite all the lofty talk about `` european-ness '' . 
  but for most ordinary people in pretty much any country these `` disagreements '' rarely have had an impact on their lives . 
  as i said i do n't care either way whether the pipeline gets build or not . 
  but being told to be against it just because polish officials foam at the mouth ( why exactly ?
