  you know what a very common reaction to that would be over here ? 
  `` so what ? '', 
  germany lacks even the tiniest bit of a fundament for any type of `` projection '' , an issue the political body in berlin has serious troubles with because it drastically limits their room for maneuver . 
  troubles in countries `` far away '' are neither our problem nor a responsibility of ours according to this mentality , a mentality that was built and shaped by decades of being semi-sovereign at best . 
  it is ludicrous to factually limit a state and its society to domestic affairs and not expect that to have drastic consequences for foreign and security policy . 
   it 's true the current mentality in europe is of ever lasting peace and uselessness of military , but public opinion can be shaped . 
  to shape public opinion you need three things : * a message * credibility * personal integrity no political figure in germany has any of that in the area of defense policy . 
  the entire political body is is either fully awol from security and defense issues ( because they perceive those as career busters ) or blathers in the usual political rhetorics which make many words but say virtually nothing . 
  merkel ? 
  has remained aloof and absent from any security issue since an open letter to the us in 2002 over the iraq controversy cost the conservatives an election they had already considered as won . 
  not interested in defense issues either . 
  smaller parties ? 
  either fundamentally against defense preparations or at least fundmentally skeptical of those ...  but show people that the average estonian is a same person as the average german , show them how easily war can happen even between two countries which nobody would ever expect to go to war as in ukraine and maybe , just maybe , over the time people will change their mindstate from a complete reluctance to lift even a single finger and start to care about more than just their own hometown and their regional capital . 
  i do n't think such ideas would find any traction , if anything people would `` accuse '' estonians of being paranoid . 
  the various crises of the last 25 years have worn people out , they want to take a breath , to finally enjoy the fruits of their work and not be bothered by the world outside . 
  neo-biedermeier , that 's the most fitting description . 
  seventy years and a million invocations of `` godwin 's law '' too late . 
  it took a massive domestic upheaval and a near political crisis to have the bundeswehr tolerated by the society as a one-trick-pony that could do nothing but stare at the iron curtain . 
  and when the wall went down any reason to even have a military ( within the specific german mindset ) went out of the window . 
  all that bs talk of `` out of area '' or `` more responsibility '' is just political bs and never found any resonance within the society . 
  as such the world outside looks at us and expects things that our mentality simply ca n't provide . 
  in terms of the number nuclear warheads and delivery systems they are . 
  isolationism . 
  i told you so ... , 
   but you 're not switzerland and you ca n't ever be like switerzland . 
  people simply do n't care . 
  if things ever came to a head over foreign engagement ( especially of the military kind ) or `` magna helvetica '' in a * do or die * kind of election my money would be on the latter , regardless of the consequences . 
   wtf ? 
  half of berlin already experienced what it means to live in the russian sphere of influence , do you really think people would be willing to accept this again ? 
  post-1953 the soviets were never the oppressors they were in other states . 
  former eastern germany was stalinist long after stalin had died , the east german dictatorship rested on east german shoulders . 
  which is why east germans never developed the dislike for russians the baltics or poland have . 
   but eventually it would affect their everyday lives . 
  or do you think that freaking russian occupation would n't have any effect on people 's lives ? 
  or do you think that unstable and volatile europe would n't hurt german economy ? 
  and obviously people 's well-being is tied to how well is the german economy doing . 
  lots of folks think that not being part of the problem is the better choice here . 
  why ? 
  because we can look at switzerland which has existed as neutral democracy for a long long time ... people see that `` state model '' , compare it to previous german state models and say `` yup , that 's the one we aspire . '', 
  like i said , people do n't want to give politicians any leeway , some of their predecessors have done great damage to germany with such leeway . 
   when would it bother you ? 
  given how things are i am not even sure russian tanks rolling through berlin would elicit more than a shrug . 
   i understand that because of the specific german historical experience , german public is very sceptical towards military activities , however then it 's up the the politicians to frame the public debate so that people understand that you having a stronger presence in the baltics does n't increase the chances that you 'll have to confront russia , it actually decreases the chances . 
  that would presuppose that a ) politicians actually believe that ( and their actions have shown me time and time again they do n't ) and b ) we 'd consider them credible ( which they are n't - and have n't been for the past 20 years ) . 
  i do n't think foreigners truly understand the `` not my problem '' mentality and the `` neo-biedermeier '' that 's been all the rage for years here . 
  people would prefer to concentrate on issues they care about and feel in their everyday lives , not some military confrontation based on what many consider `` baltic and polish paranoia '' . 
  if you think trump 's america is big on isolationism you have n't truly looked at germany of late . 
   for example germany is now going to lead the nato presence in lithuania , is that something that generally creates public resentment ? 
  as surprising as that sounds - yes , it does . 
  why ? 
  because people here do n't want to confront anyone , least of all a nuclear superpower . 
  we 've been the `` prospective car park with curiously glassy surface '' for more than 40 years and have no inclination to return to such a state of things . 
  post-1989 the `` end of history '' feeling was strongest in germany , ever since we 've been supremely unwilling to do anything that could disturb the threat-free peace we 've been enjoying ever since . 
  added to this can be stunts like bush 's attempts to bring georgia and ukraine into nato in 2008 - an idea which most germans consider ( ed ) insane and utter bs in tenth potency . 
  it boils down to people being willing to let russia have its `` near abroad '' as sandbox to play in , kind of a `` it 's their side of the fence , nothing we bother with ... '' secondly we 're so utterly demilitarized psychologically , mentally and politically that the thought of military preparations in case of a war sounds like straight from the mouth of a * frothing-at-the-mouth-warmonger * ... 
  looking at germany 's economical potential is misleading in the extreme where military questions are concerned . 
  our mentality is simply not conductive to such a role , quite the opposite . 
  the thing is this `` military history '' is but an endless list of situations in which the common people have been royally creamed , ww2 being just the latest iteration of that fact . 
  people are no longer willing to give that `` tool '' to politicians - after all more often than not a `` strong military '' is going to get used ( even if its just to `` justify '' its costs ) . 
  not to mention that a `` strong military '' has a certain political power and our societal memory does n't have good experiences with that one ( wilhelminian era , anyone ? ) . 
  no , as a society germany post-1945 decided not to play the gladiator in the geopolitical arena again . 
  if someone comes at us with a meat cleaver and ill intent we may forget our good manners , but otherwise let other states do the geopolitical d * ckwaving . 
  been there , done that , results were abysmal so thanks but no , thanks . 
  probably . 
  but then i 'm convinced if it were n't about the 2 % of gdp washington , paris and london would complain about our `` teutonic '' unwillingness to play the military auxiliary and deploy forces left , right and center to any shytehole these three capitals manage to find . 
  i think things will really come to a head this time - the german government can not give foreign powers what our own society is n't willing to provide ( military capabilities ) . 
  but that puts into question german nato membership and our role in whatever is cooking in this area within the eu . 
  a lot of people here would like nothing better than abstain from any conflict that does n't directly involve us , many would like neutrality clauses like in austria or ireland . 
  something is going to blow ... one way or the other . 
  the problem is by doing the * f + cked up ranting elephant in the china shop * he has handed the spd and especially die linke a topic for the upcoming electoral campaign ... which means the cdu has little choice but to stand up to trump 's attempts at extortion and not raise defense spending or its left-wing competitors will be able to paint them as trump 's vassals and lackeys . 
  and given the massive * disinclination * of germans to play any role in the military sphere that may usher in a red-red-green government from which trump can expect little more than the middle finger . 
  i 'm afraid not . 
  first you 'd not find enough people who would sign up in the first place ( so you wo n't have formations to deploy there permanently ) , even less so when they may be permanently based in the east ( being transfered to an out-of-the-way station in rural germany can be bad enough ) . 
  second , and this of utmost importance here , flashy shows of military forces , and all that pomp associated with that , do n't sit well with german society in the first place . 
  which is why the german mod has purposely `` underreported '' on any german deployment to the east and , according to some rumors floating around , has even asked the baltic governments not to show off that too much . 
  i think foreigners can not truly comprehend how deep and wide the gap between the german society and the bundeswehr really is . 
  and that goes doubly for anything that could potentially smack of `` glorification of the military '' . 
  that 's a royal class taboo over here . 
  uh , no ... 
  the fat kid had at least some comical value , erdogoon is just plain annoying . 
  meh ... the usual superficial stuff that fails to look beyond the polished pr-spin of the bureaucracy because the spin happens to match the author 's worldview . 
  kiesewetter is n't truly an `` influential member of the government '' , he 's but a backbench mp with bouts of woolgathering * dampfplauderei * . 
  i have yet to find a `` debate '' on nuclear armaments in germany ... that hyperbole is so overblown it ai n't funny . 
  but at least the document acknowledges that the society is n't onboard with such wooly notions . 
  unfortunately the author fails to attribute the importance that fact deserves . 
   an additional 100 tanks talked about since 2014 , but so far our glorious * minister of bombastic declarations , hot air and 3-weather-taft * has n't even managed to sign the darn contract . 
   5 c-130 planes for special operations forces to be procured because the a400m does n't look as if it will be foc ( or even flight-worthy , without lots of stomach cramps , that is ) anytime soon . 
  and then they are to be based in france ... on the dim hope of being able to save money by avoiding to train many techs , procure the necessary ground equipment and tools ... ususal cheapskate bs with `` europe '' frills . 
   5 additional k130 corvettes this one reveals just how utterly dumb , stupid and removed from any reality german politicians are . 
  this is but an attempt to pamper a certain defense contractor - who happens to have his main installations in electoral districts of those two spd mps who brought up that bs in the first place . 
  anyone ever wondered how the navy is supposed to operate them if it ca n't find enough people to man the ships they already have ? 
   2 additional submarines pretty much same as above . 
  we 've got 4 subs but at best 2\u00a01/2 crews for them ... just because our political bunglers are `` buying '' stuff does n't mean they 're not f * cking up beyond all description again . 
  that would presuppose people bought such cheap rhetorical tricks but us germans have a fine ear for bs of that kind . 
  and we 'd need to take our own political class serious on the issues , which we do n't . 
   but in general can krupp can any really build a cutting edge weapon systems ? 
  i dont think so . 
  even now krupp needs significant assistance if its going to be a serious defence manufacturer ( and not just a bit part ) . 
  its builds ships to a just about necessary level and not something a country the size of germany should be building . 
  check out the new f125 or saschen class and it can not compare with fremm or the type 26 .
