  but please not based on lofty ideals and some vague promises but based on solid fundaments . 
  too many people with too many visions got us into the current mess in the first place ( and joschka fischer is among them ) . 
  they should have listened to the late helmut schmidt :  if you have visions you ought to see a doctor . 
  when a politician in germany talks about `` leadership '' and `` responsibility '' in the security & defense area then take it as a sign of `` i have no clue what i am talking about but the americans/brits/french are pestering us to put our ressources at their disposal and i have no clue how to explain that to my voters or how to refuse the foreign demands . '', 
  it 's basically a cop-out , a somewhat underhanded attempt to deflect `` blame '' for such military activities to `` foreign powers '' . 
  just to make sure these politicians do n't have to assume personal responsibility and be ( possibly ) trounced by the voter the next time elections are held . 
  you need to realize the atlanticist-interventionist ideology of thinktankers like said jan techau . 
  they sing from the hymn sheet of interventionism and globalism and he especially has derided germany for not being a follower of his own personal dogma . 
  basically all that talk about `` leadership '' and `` responsibility '' is precisely that - talk . 
  it is n't backed up by public support and in fact politicians here have n't even attempted to discuss the issue out of fear of being trounced by the voters in the next election . 
  hence this `` talk '' has no substance . 
  careful . 
  at this point anything beyond the 1 billion on top for next year the rest is rather speculative . 
  it 's not a set-in-stone kind of plan , it 's an `` aspiration '' ( kinda like nato 's 2 % of gdp  ) . 
  at this point it is all conjecture and speculation . 
  the reality is we ca n't even agree to cooperate in the defense industry ( because everyone is trying to defend his own companies and the jobs they create ) , we do n't even agree on the definition of the term `` defense '' ( france and the uk have a decidedly different look on this than germany , sweden or poland ) and we do n't share threat perceptions . 
  if this cooperation model between germany and the netherlands is a beginning then it 's a small step and the path is very long . 
  germany is n't interested in being a major power , least of all a military one . 
  mindset-wise our people really are a kind of `` bigger switzerland '' so do n't expect `` stepping up to the plate '' because you 'd basically expect a herbivore to become a carnivore . 
  given the numerous checks and balances in our constitution , our political system and our mindset against that exact transformation it 's an exercise in futility . 
  you 're reading this wrong . 
  it 's not about having a `` strong army '' , it 's about foisting this bothersome and domestically unhelpful topic `` defense '' onto some undefined eu-level institution and wash their hands off it afterwards . 
  before anyone blows a major vessel over this : the last few german `` white books '' circulated within the ecosphere of the `` foreign policy wonks '' , generated no significant press coverage and were generally ignored by the people . 
  why ? 
  because it is not a binding document that unites the views and actions of the ministeries with a role in foreign policy ( chancellery , ministery for foreign affairs , ministery of defense etc ) . 
  unlike the french `` livre blanc '' , the british sdsr or the us national security strategy it is , in the end , a document pretty much limited to the ministery of defense . 
  as such they generated essentially zero guidance for political decisions and provided no guidelines which politicians could have followed ( in a `` normal '' country ) . 
  second : german politicians can easily enough talk big words on concepts that are a ) suitably vague b ) far off in the future and c ) rather theoretical . 
  but once the devil in the details reveals itself they grow either awfully silent or become `` voices of caution '' in a heartbeat . 
  this is apparent in the speeches about europe - bombastic when the terms are general but short on details and rather cautious or even defensive when it 's about details . 
  this is especially true over this mythical `` european army '' - it 's a chimera , a far-off ideal that they like to talk about because it 's unrealistic at the moment , far away and shrouded in uncertainty and is therefor easy to use as projection screen for idealistic `` head-in-the-clouds '' nonsense that costs them little . 
  which is why there is no debate about it in the german society - we simply do n't take them seriously . 
  as an example : the mentioned roderich kiesewetter published one paper on this mythical `` eu army '' last year after juncker 's speech on the matter . 
  when the german security & defense blog augengeradeaus published it and kiesewetter tried to defend himself and his paper it was picked apart , shredded into pieces and thrown into the dustbin by the readers - simply for its usual litany of `` head-in-the-clouds '' howlers that tried to build cloud castles out of water vapor . 
  bottom line : german politicians talking about `` european defense '' should be ignored as they provide nothing of substance . 
  they are n't credible as they 're too craven to even engage their own citizens on the matter so do the only sensible thing and ignore them . 
  after watching various poll results and the public attitudes towards military affairs over the years i am beginning to think that the `` ordinary german '' is generally inclined to defer decisions to the government . 
  he may ( and certainly will ) grumble about them but in general he trusts the government to do its job properly . 
  except in one area : military ( defense ) issues . 
  this is where he denies the government any support and unless he is directly and personally affected by something he will not condone any kind of activism . 
  that 's an ingrained instinctive behavior , something that existed even in the middle of the cold war when , for example , 300k people protested against the nato dual track decision in the early 80s , at a time when soviet power seemed to be at its highest and its new medium range nuclear missiles had scant counterpart on the side of nato . 
  [ irony on ] people have little reason to differentiate between being reduced to ashes by a nuclear warhead delivered by an older model and one delivered by an ss-20 . 
  hence the protests . 
  [ irony off ]  i hope they do n't learn this lesson the hard way . 
  for understandable reasons the german post-war state was deprived of the full range of political and military options other states have by default . 
  after over 7 decades the only way the political establishment ( that has grown up in this special `` environment '' ) can learn is the hard way ... and so do the german people . 
  the focus on `` nation-building at home '' is absolutely understandable , but your argument is based on a faulty premise : the only fighting formation the us still has in germany is 2nd cavalry regiment , a stryker brigade combat team , and they are getting a workout all over eastern europe , anyway . 
  the rest of the 40k us forces in germany are administrative , logistics , support and intelligence - the bases overwhelmingly support us power projection into the middle east and africa . 
  as such the us forces in germany have long since stopped being about the `` defense of germany '' but are supporting us interests in other parts of the world . 
  for example without ramstein air force base the us would be hard pressed to supply its forces in the middle east and afghanistan ( ramstein is * the * logistical hub for those ops ) and it would not be able to operate its ucav fleet over the same area ( because the controller signals are being routed through an installation on the grounds of ramstein afb ) . 
  landstuhl military hospital is another important installation as it takes the majority of the casualties from ops in the middle east . 
  sure , those installations could be placed elsewhere , but they would have to be built and that costs money . 
  not to mention that the sofa says the german taxpayer is paying for all construction work on us bases , not the us one . 
  think other states would agree to such an arrangement these days ? 
  us germans make that distinction between defense and offense , however ( and `` intervening abroad '' is seen as an offensive action ) . 
  article 26 of our basic law explicitly prohibits preparations for and the conduct of a war of aggression . 
  along with the explicit mentioning of defense in article 87a ( the federal state shall establish armed forces for purposes of defense ) and a 4-decade-long factual practice of interpreting the basic law in the way that the bundeswehr was prohibited from being deployed beyond the ( west ) german borders that has formed the basic attitude . 
  heck , our constitution still contains the explicit articles on when , why and how the federal republic moves from the regular peace to the `` state of friction '' to the `` state of defense '' and how the bundestag and the bundesrat have to vote in order to do that . 
  all because the bundeswehr was supposed to be ( and effectively was ) a one-trick-pony - it was the supposed speed bump for the soviet forces until nato reinforcements arrived . 
  nothing in the constitutional makeup or the political procedures has changed - all those `` deployments '' are because of a decision of the constitutional court which gave the politicians as much leeway as they wanted ... 
  the people writ large never signed up to this interpretation . 
  it 's as in `` we do n't even want to think about the theoretical possibility . '', 
  polls like that pew poll from last year or the recent one by bertelsmann makes me think people limit that to germany proper ... or that they prefer the old adage of `` better red than dead '' . 
   your societal understandings seems to be more like the defense budget is a subsidy for the arms industry and a source of corruption and mismanagement . 
    generally the german army is no good for anything else than buying some equipment every now and then to keep factories turning . 
  that is pretty accurate . 
   but the requirement is you spend the money , not that you go along with everything . 
  it would be very helpful to german relations with the us/uk/france , and lets face it , you can afford it . 
  it 's not a requirement - it 's a guideline . 
  that is why so many states have no qualms to ignore it . 
  they tried to enforce it during the wales summit in 2014 , but the notion was shot down by canada and germany already before the summit . 
  basically it comes down to what the political and societal climate tolerates . 
  imagine if the us was told to spent twice as much on a politically and socially highly disputed topic as the politicians and citizens would tolerate . 
  would they do as told or would they ignore the calls from the outside ? 
  and as for afford ... 
  think obamacare . 
  the us could easily afford a universal healthcare system for everyone , in fact you spent almost twice as much gdp-wise on health care than we do and yet estimations of return-of-investment put your system far below the german healthcare system . 
  and still there is a broad and in parts militant resistance to the mere notion . 
  why ? 
  because it contradicts basic attitudes about personal and state responsibilities . 
  it 's not always a question of money , it 's also a question of basic attitudes , political and social patterns and cultural differences . 
  in germany the military is seen as a black hole for money - you pour in loads of cash but nothing productive comes out of it . 
  given the utter lack of a perceived military threat there is no public demand for capabilities , in fact the public is a lot more likely to see military capabilities as money not spent on german issues ( like infrastructure , like education etc ) . 
  so unless that threat perception changes ( and i regard that as unlikely ) germans will not be more permissive of the notion to virtually double the defense budget . 
  sorry , that 's not going to fly . 
  external intent met domestic intent and solidified over the decades ... today it 's the cultural default , the `` normal '' we grow up with . 
  want to know where on the improbable scale such a turnaround of socio-political culture ( one which seriously lacks good arguments for , btw ) is ? 
  think of turning ukip into die-hard eu federalists . 
  about that unlikely , and then some . 
  my point is that this 2 % debate is a surrogate debate . 
  if it is n't about money it 's going to be about insufficient engagement or restrictive roes or anything similar . 
  the laments wo n't stop unless other states transform themselves into fully subordinated auxiliary forces over which said political spheres in washington ( or paris and london for that matter ) have control . 
  these pundits are the informal advisors of many us politicians , they work in the thinktanks that cook up the political concepts that sometimes find their ways into the white house , foggy bottom or the capitol . 
  the us political scene exhibits the very kind of * realpolitik * strain that thinks existing military capabilities need to be used ... which is what does n't float the boat in germany . 
  unless someone 's coming at us with a meat cleaver the army stays in its barracks . 
  that 's what people in this sphere do n't get and what creates the `` whines '' i alluded to . 
  i do n't and i wo n't ... 
  but quite frankly : the german mindset ( on military affairs ) and the german post-war constitution were built with input from the same states that now lament our defensive outlook . 
  ca n't muster much sympathy for those laments . 
  i wo n't let someone else speak for me unless i have given him an explicit mandate .
