  the uk ? 
  cherry-picking from the start and unashamedly so . 
  every member state of the eu is doing things this way ... eu membership is n't based on starry-eyed idealism but hard-nosed cost-benefit-calculations . 
  `` european interests '' ? 
  do n't exist . 
  these are all national interests relabeled to make them digestible to others . 
  so why would anyone be willing to forgo the one core aspect of national sovereignty ? 
  really ... 
  `` federal eu government ? '', 
  quite hoenstly - over my dead body . 
  to be precise ... europe spent milennia inventing and trying 101 new ways of creatively slaughtering each other . 
  to this day there is a lot that separates different nations - not just history but mostly cultural outlook , experiences made , * go !, 
  * s and * nogo !, 
  * s , ways of conducting business in pretty much all aspects of life ... 
  i believe a european unification will take at least another 150 to 200 years as identities are most resistant to change and their development is generally very slow . 
  trying to enforce unification through individual means ( as can be seen in the euro ) is usually more divisive than it unites . 
  on paper maybe , but not in practice . 
  as meyouyourass said below that would require a unity on goals , interests , foreign policy and financial investment that simply is n't there . 
  think of the arguments in the run-up to csdp operations in africa since the change of the century and how ( ultimately ) france decided to go it alone in mali . 
  there is neither a unity of interest nor a unity of means to be applied . 
  and this goes doubly where military means are concerned . 
  european states ca n't agree on very much these days so i 'd relegate the idea of an `` eu army '' to the land of pipe dreams and idealistic mirages . 
  we 're generations if not centuries removed from developing a `` european '' identity that replaces our national identities and that is an irreplaceable prerequisite of any such enterprise . 
  right now europe ca n't even agree on distributing the influx of refugees , why would anyone think european states could agree about using military force ? 
  * cough * if i may quote myself ...  i would not mind if bases are being relocated to poland , 
   some even say , that a second molotov-ribbentropf will happen some also say that a lot of poles have an axe to grind with russia and are spoiling for a fight . 
  does n't mean this is n't utter bollocks just as the quote above is utter bull . 
  yes , germany has no interest in being drawn into a geopolitical confrontation with russia and even less interest in being drawn into a military conflict . 
  nevertheless i would not mind if bases are being relocated to poland ( the baltics have no strategic depth and bases would be rather pointless ) , but i can understand why politicians may not want to do this because of the chance of a russian tit-for-tat response that may be unhelpful and ratchet up tensions even more . 
  i 'm not convinced that that the us consumer base is going to be a fact for much longer . 
  too many people across the pond are having serious financial issues and too much of the enormous wealth is concentrated in a very thin slice of the society . 
  it may go well for a while , but i 'm afraid at some point the consumer-oriented domestic economy of the us will simply implode from either a lack of money in the lower and middle classes or an over-exposure to debt of these societal groups . 
  the 2008 crisis was a warning shot but i perceive no change in modus operandi . 
  that 's worrying . 
  you ca n't compare the us and germany economy-wise . 
  there 's too much different - cultural outlook , the reserve currency status of the dollar , structure of the economy itself . 
  lot 's of very important differences that translate into different practices . 
  one economist said that while us germans may not party as hard ( = upswings and growth as high as in the us ) we do n't get hangovers ( = busts and downturns ) as bad , either . 
  german economic development has always been rather `` solid '' or `` steady '' after the end of the `` wirtschaftswunder '' . 
  it may not be spectacular , but at least it spares us from being manic-depressive . 
  the problem is that outright debt relief now would merely reanimate , rejuvenate and reempower the network of mutually reinforcing `` vested interest groups '' inside the greek establishment and society that actually got the state into trouble . 
  i 'd be all for debt relief , but not before these networks of specific privileges , sinecures and `` special statuses '' have been dismantled and the inner workings of the greek state and society have been cured of these cancerous influences . 
  a government ca n't tell unions what to do . 
  this is called wage autonomy . 
  and both unions and employers 's associations are being scrutinized by public opinion whether they at least pretend to keep the society as a whole in mind in their decisions or not . 
  besides raising wages across the board would do very little for consumtion as most would simply end up as savings again . 
  basically the demand to raise wages translates into making everyone as miserable as the states with a problem , because that would destroy the market position of the other states . 
  if that is the idea of alignment then i can live without that . 
   they do n't understand that eu needs germany to spend , and spend big to get the economy going again . 
  germany ca n't carry the entire eurozone alone and certainly not via some artificial shopping spree . 
  fact 1 : the state could invest a bit more into infrastructure modernization , but this will never help the entirety of the south . 
  fact 2 : given the demographic realities it 's imperative that the german state reduces its own debt load ** now ** in order to gain much needed room to maneuver in the next downturn/bust . 
  if we do n't it 'll be germany which really sinks the ez economy a few years down the line . 
  fact 3 : germans as a whole will never be mindlessly spending or buy on credit . 
  which means it 's highly doubtful if increased german domestic consumption could even `` budge the needle '' for southern europe . 
  the endless implorations to `` open the purse '' are both misguided and starry-eyed . 
  it would only defer problems and make that pile bigger while not really helping at the moment at all . 
  all of europe ( and that includes germany ) is reaching a point where we can no more postpone far-reaching changes to our way of doing business . 
  for some this means realizing that the comfy welfare states of old are no longer financially feasible , for some much brain time will have to be invested into changing retirement systems , family policy etc ... and all of that means that a number of `` sacred cows '' will have to be killed and hot debates to be held . 
  so ... and now explain in all honesty all those little details that `` ever closer union '' really entails . 
  like automatic fiscal transfers , debt mutualization , further transfers of sovereignty to european institutions , majority decisions on many issues ( like foreign policy , like economics , like fiscal priorities etc ) . 
  and then watch support plunge faster than a stone that 's being dropped from a high cliff . 
  imo people can at this moment be pro integration if they either hope to be among the recepients ( and not the paying side ) , really do hope for a `` us of e '' or have n't looked at the sordid details to date . 
  i , personally , am in the `` repatriation of powers '' camp , although i 'd limit this to the dissolution of the euro , the dropping of the `` ever closer union at any cost '' nonsense , discarding this `` common foreign & security policy '' nonsense and generally returning to realism as opposed to starry-eyed idealism ( at any cost ) that 's been driving the eu for the past 25 years . 
  only very selectively and pretty much only when it suits the pr machine . 
  officially the prussian reformers of post 1806 are part of the traditions to be followed , but if that really were the case the bundeswehr would have a much different face these days and higher officers would n't be promoted according to them being yay-sayers and politically-correct partygoers . 
  the reformers of 1806 went up against a calcified establishment and sought to inject a serious dose of meritocracy into the army , today the calcified establishment promotes those who get along nicely , who do n't make a fuss , who report only `` everything 's fine '' and who do n't speak up . 
  if that is `` preserving traditions '' then its lip service at best . 
  chile and germany are different as day and night and quite frankly it 's not chile that 's been derided as unwilling to `` shoulder the burden '' , as pacifists or cowards . 
  insofar the chilean military rites are irrelevant for the discussion . 
  they are . 
  people outside may think they `` preserve '' them somehow , but mostly these are either interpretations ( sometimes deformed to something like a carricature ) or preconceptions based on `` a book i read '' . 
  they 're dead in germany and this is where it counts . 
  if a country abandons traditions they inevitably die at some point . 
  what work ? 
  look , germans start from the position that switzerland is n't such a bad role model for international relations and military affairs after all . 
  we do n't see ourselves as anything but a mid-sized country in europe and certainly have neither the appetite nor see the use for any such military power projection anywhere . 
  [ tongue in cheek ] after all the rest of the world spent 70 years beating that passivity and inward-looking culture into our heads . 
  looks like it worked . 
   [ / tongue in cheek ], 
  not going to happen . 
  the military traditions of old have long since been completely devalued and demystified . 
  they 're dead and decayed , the society as a whole would n't accept such notions . 
  the article linked to is crappy as it fails to mention the juicy bit : it 's not going to be 6 billion euros on top of the current budget but 6 billion euros repurposed within the current budget ( for 120 individual issues with a time horizon between 6 months and 8 years ) . 
  which means there 'll be a price to pay . 
  i 'm wondering what will have to be sacrificed for those euros . 
  goldman-sachs draghi can kiss my shiny rear and then some . 
  if i could i 'd build a safe in my basement and store gold there . 
  equities ? 
  stocks ? 
  since when investing means going to the casino ? 
  sorry , but the `` visionaries '' in the eu have foisted this wannabe-federalism on the european citizens without even bothering to lay down the details and ask for our explicit consent . 
  other `` visionaries '' have declared to `` bring democracy to the middle east '' ( or else ) and have essentially undone any semblence of structure in the said region . 
  and let 's not forget the big ideologies of the 20th century . 
  how many millions ( billions ? ), 
  of people were killed in the name of their `` visions '' ? 
  i greatly prefer pragmatism and down-to-earth characters over lofty visionaries . 
  and i want solutions and not empty promises of a better future if i only make this or that sacrifice . 
  we 're no longer in the middle ages , the threat of hellfire no longer scares people into submission , the promises of a happy afterlife no longer anesthetizes people to the circumstances of their lifes . 
  yes , the political camps need to sharpen their profiles considerably - we do need political alternatives .
