  its embarrassingly light , look at the armaments . 
  not good enough for germany . 
  thyssenkrupp marine systems builds what the customer wants - the armament stuff is entirely political . 
  the f125 is the most obvious of these decisions ... a [ mocking tone ] * wannabe-colonial-gunboat-cruiser with weight issues * [ / mocking tone ] . 
  why are all our frigates frigates ? 
  because `` destroyer '' sounds too militaristic ( common snide remark over here ) . 
  in general german defense contractors are all medium-sized private ventures ( except airbus but that comes from its history ) , they 're very typical for the german industry . 
  we do n't have these overwhelming corporations like bae and the one we have shares in ( airbus ) produces the same issues as bae ( bloated , over budget , far behind time etc ) . 
  i do n't think you really understand the indifference society and political body have towards military capabilities over here . 
  just looking at our economic potency and then engage in circlejerk imaginations about * `` what could be if ... '' * is n't doing any good , because it ignores that most of us here are very very happy that our role in these affairs is so limited . 
  no joke : there are enough folks here who advocate our defense firms should shut down their military production and turn entirely to civilian products . 
  yes , we 're at that stage . 
  uh , dude , i believe you may be unaware that germany 's defense industry is anything but firearm-centric . 
  there 's thyssenkrupp marine systems ( which builds any surface warship our navy uses ) , there 's hdw with its submarines , there 's a slice of airbus ( eurofighter , helicopters ) , kwm and rheinmetall ( tanks , ifvs , apcs , any kind of protected vehicle and of course their armaments ) ... or mbda and diehl in missile technology . 
  the german defense industry is quite diverse and does have high-value products . 
  in that environment heckler & koch is a very small fish . 
  nope , sorry . 
  that ai n't gon na fly . 
  uhm , russia is a nuclear power . 
  us krauts ca n't match that . 
  not to mention that our population is less than inclined to play a role in military affairs ( especially against russia ) . 
  i 'm afraid you 're asking an oxen to do bullfighting ... and then you wonder why that does n't work . 
   i get that , my view is that the way we move forward should not be bound by the mistakes of the past ( not to say that deploying the army in the streets is a good idea , but there are some very beneficial uses for a militarized domestic force ) . 
  it 'll remain a taboo here . 
  not to mention that such a momentous change of the basic law would need a 2/3 majority in both the bundestag and the bundesrat ... an impossibility given the utter rejection of any such notion among most of germany 's political scene . 
   which i personally want to avoid : the eu already has too much power , giving it a military arm is the last thing i want . 
  nato has as much incentive as the eu to protect europe 's borders . 
  uh , you thoroughly misunderstood me . 
  guarding borders ( `` against '' immigration streams ) ai n't a military task , this is is one for frontex and some coast guard type of service . 
  well , trouble is `` military-industrial complex '' is a very dirty word in germany . 
  our defense contractors already get lots of bad press for being defense contractors in the first place . 
  that kmw got together with nexter can be seen as an escape from germany where politics and people were n't particularly inclined to let it go about its business . 
  most germans are and will continue to reject ideas about weakening the strict division between external and domestic security . 
  the militarization of the domestic security services during the nazi dictatorship has left a big mark . 
  the same applies to pretty much all the military-related articles which majorities would not change but rather reaffirm ( most importantly the rejection of foreign deployments ) . 
  if anything securing the external border would be a prime job for the eu if countries finally stopped pussying around ( and that includes germany ) . 
   additionally due to the increasing unrest due to the failure to properly vet the migrants , more spending on anti-terror defense will be necessary . 
  not a military issue in germany . 
  the military plays no role in domestic security as codified in our basic law . 
  the question is once again putting the cart before the horse . 
  there are other steps to be done before even talking about money : 1 . ), 
  societal debate on what we actually tolerate/support concerning the military . 
  no point in blowing billions on long-distance logistics and power-projection capabilities if the population rejects such ideas on principle . 
  codify the results of that debate into a solid legal and constitutional framework ( as it existed prior to 1990 ) . 
  right now there 's nothing in the place where a political concept should be - the result is maximum ambiguity and a maximum of space to waffle , meander and wriggle for politicians . 
  white book ? 
  even chancellory and foreign ministery could n't care less about it ... 
  cleanse procurement from sycophants , lobbyists and undue political influence , if necessary with a flamethrower . 
  cleanse officer 's corps from sycophants , politically correct lapdogs and yes-men and put in its stead a culture of unagitated cool professionalism that also defends its needs and its people in the face of political bs of all kinds . 
  then , and only then , we can start talking about monetary needs . 
  shooting means having people there . 
  given personnel costs these i 'd rather invest in a technical solution . 
  to avert the `` flood of refugees '' erdogoon threatened with . 
  okay , we 'll build a wall ( and even pay for it ) , mine the aegean and cut off any funds . 
  feel better now ? 
  thanks for the detailed explanation . 
  your numbers are the tiniest bit above being sensible . 
  germany alone 1 million men ? 
  lol , we ca n't staff our bonsai army with not even 200,000 people , where are we supposed to find the 1 million ? 
  people do n't line up for military service , you know . 
  the afd has been busy dismantling itself . 
  h\u00f6cke 's * de facto * nazi speech in dresden revealed just what kind of political arsonist he is and the half-hearted response of the leadership has made people even more skeptical . 
  since the turn of the year the afd has lost about 4 % in polls and barely scratches at the 10 % line , some polls view it as low as 8 % . 
  that would begin with a serious domestic debate . 
  without popular backing such intentions are pointless . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-27/ https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/de/publikationen/publikation/did/frayed-partnership/, 
  the question , however , is for how long one can tolerate a raging elephant in a china shop . 
  that 's putting it mildly , to be frank . 
  as i said france has a unique worldview and that view ( combined with some of its history and political traditions ) makes it `` suspect '' in defense issues to a number of cee states ( and , to be frank , to the german political body ) . 
  as the currently running election campaign in france has shown most candidates are more interested in cutting a deal with russia in order to gain russian cooperation in areas dear to french strategists ( something the baltics and poland look at with utmost suspicion ) . 
  which also reduces their standing as sole nuclear power among the eu 's continental members because people and pretty much robs `` european territorial defense '' of a central and irreplacable pillar . 
  which , in turn , makes the whole effort pretty pointless - without france this territorial defense lacks critical mass ( and a nuclear arsenal ) and leaves germany as the biggest fish in that pond ( a role which we 're simply unsuited to play ) . 
  one could argue that by not supporting france 's interest the rest of the eu has not given it much reason to make compromises , but in reality french authorities have acted as if they were entitled to european resources and manpower . 
  ops like congo 2006 really soured waters , especially in germany where many politicians look at french machinations with utmost suspicion . 
  that 's one of the main reasons why csdp never got anywhere . 
  i think it ultimately comes down to a very different reading of what nato is . 
  most germans would answer that it is little more than an insurance for the worst case ( that of some other nation coming at us with a meat cleaver and nefarious intent ) ... a reading that is actually based on the initial debate over nato membership back in the 1950s . 
  back then a high-ranking nato delegation had to travel to bonn and solemnly avow a skittish german parliament that nato membership did not entail an obligation to deploy german forces outside german borders ( a limitation that had become of utmost importance in the domestic debate back then ) . 
  i have made the experience that for brits and americans it 's something more , something like a true military pact ... additionally , if i am allowed to speculate a bit here , people here do n't want to play a role in military affairs in the first place and are loath to either give a truly useful military instrument to german politicians * or * give other nations any funny ideas about getting german troops as auxiliaries for deployments most people here ca n't make sense of . 
  that does n't work because nobody else shares france 's worldview . 
  most countries in europe have a military as home defense , not to have them wander around in africa . 
  the political cultures are very different and france has had no success in trying to make other eu members come along with their military deployments beyond some token gestures . 
  most other european states simply do n't share their interests and views and prefer not to be dragged into conflicts in the mena in the first place . 
  [ tongue-in-cheek ] hey , we could stop paying contributions to the eu and use that money to fund defense instead . 
  it should cover the shortfall plus a little bit more . 
  of course then other european countries would howl over losing eu funds but you got ta make priorities . 
   [ / tongue-in-cheek ], 
  well , he certainly put his foot in already quite a few times . 
  flynn and his russian connections , anyone ? 
  i know to be impeached a potus has to break the law , but given his `` my way on the highway '' style and behavior i 'd not put it past him to actually cross that line at some point . 
  and then i do n't think even many republicans will try to defend him in that case . 
  it is n't really mandatory since then , either . 
  it 's a non-binding pledge , attempts to make it binding were shot down by canada and germany even before the 2014 wales summit . 
  it 's little more than a teenager promising to tidy up his room , and then adding silently in his mind `` if i ever feel like it . '', 
  you sure about that ? 
  i never thought i 'd ever see a potus being impeached but with trump i 'm beginning to wonder if he 'll even last through this year . 
  not really . 
  if we do there will still be complaints aplenty , mostly because we do n't particularly feel like playing the willing and eager auxiliary to washington 's or paris ' interventions . 
  the content of the complaints might change , the complaining would not . 
  during major tournaments it 's not really patriotism , it 's more like * party-otism * .
