  it 's kind of like the `` increase '' of defense spending this year - partially achieved by bureaucratic tricks and budgetary trickery . 
  besides that there is little to no willingness within the society to be pushed into any greater military role . 
  if that foreign pressure mounts it may become a hotly contested topic in the election campaign and the spd has already made clear that they do n't particularly fancy what comes out of white house . 
  if pushed beyond a certain point that debate may actually enable an spd victory ( pretty much akin to schr\u00f6der 's victory in 2002 over the controversy of the iraq war ) . 
  actually in the yellow area on that map ( including berlin ) a pfannkuchen is what is called berliner/kreppel/krapfen or whatever else people call it . 
  please do n't put me into * that corner * . 
  i just do n't dig the `` europe '' mantra that 's being chanted like a religious monologue . 
  i ca n't speak about italy as i do n't know much about their unification process , but the idea of a `` german identity '' predates the formation of the 2nd german empire in 1871 by about 200 years . 
  the very first roots of this modern understanding of identity reach back to luther 's translation of the bible - during which he unwittingly formulated a standard `` german language '' that could be understood and read despite local and regional accents . 
  by the time bismarck became prussian prime minister there was already a living and breathing `` national '' movement , as evidenced by the abortive 1848 revolution and the paulskirchen-parlament in frankfurt . 
  eh , no ... to me `` federalization '' means going beyond the limits of cooperation set by the * zeitgeist * and national interests , cultural aspects and such things . 
  the euro shows that we 're nowhere near the point where this could work . 
  better a cooperation between sovereign nation states than attempts at federalizing in the face of widespread disinclination and unwillingness to make the compromises necessary to make that work . 
   is n't that essentially the same thing ? 
  not really . 
  having a good relationship with my neighbor does n't mean i have to break down the walls between our apartments nor do i have to share financial means or the content of my refrigerator . 
   cooperation means working in areas where agreement is possible while not ignoring the fact that there are ( many ) areas where disagreements exist . 
  the euro has revealed the tight limits european societies put on this type of cooperation . 
   would you rather fight on our land or theirs ? 
  the problem is that this thinking does n't match the very narrow and `` fundamentalist '' definition of `` defense '' that most germans have . 
  in this case `` defense '' means reactive , it means someone has to come at us with a meat cleaver , on our territory , not halfway around the world . 
  the stringent interpretation of article 87a of the basic law ( `` the federal state shall establish armed forces for * defense * '' - my emphasis ) makes any other interpretations a politically very flammable object . 
  you misunderstood me - while i have no interest in this federalization i very much welcome the intergovernmental cooperation ( between states ) precisely because i do n't want to see a return to the age of competition ( the 19th century ) , either . 
  look - i have no problem paying taxes in germany and see them used also to support those who need it . 
  i absolutely refuse to pay taxes and see them used to prop up other countries , some of which have a serious problem with their officials ( the romanians are currently pretty p * ssed about theirs ) or to upkeep a social system in a member country that afforded itself one a bit too generous for its own economic capabilities . 
  for me `` europe '' is but a geographical term . 
  i do n't mind cooperation between states , we do n't need a return to the 19th century and the constant competition , but i also do n't think that we should simply give up our nation states for some nebulous and lofty rhetorics . 
  i certainly do n't buy them . 
  it is not something like a national identity - which means it 's a fair weather thing , it does n't contain any obligations . 
  sorry , you fell for the pr hoax . 
  read the annual report of the bundestag ombudsman for the bundeswehr . 
  that tells the truth - and that truth is frau von der leyen is big at * talking * but barely present at * doing * . 
  edit : yeah , keep the downvotes coming . 
  take a look what the bundeswehrverband says , what the bundestag ombudsman says ... they 're clear that all have heard talk only , but have not perceived any lessening of the problems that became known in 2014 . 
  i 'm sure there 's some medecine against that . 
  because without an overarching `` european '' identity that is not just a majority opinion but established in 95-99 % of all societies such endeavors are pointless . 
  and we 're generations if not centuries away from such a state . 
  over-my-dead-body-no . 
  europe of sovereign nations , please , none of that federalist woolgathering , thank you . 
  yet another bombastic yet empty declaration of the * minister of bombastic declarations , pr-spin and 3-weather-taft * . 
  may she finally shut up ... 
  it 's not a slight against you , it was supposed to be a sarcastic comeback at the `` users '' of `` that particular reddit '' . 
  sorry if you took it the wrong way . 
  oh , there goes the conspiracy theory . 
  how could he given his total immersion into his alt-right echochamber . 
  podesta may the the recepient but then i guess a lot of email addresses get their share of nutty mails . 
  this one comes from a dutch account ... 
  so really , dude , what is the message here ? 
  and do n't get me started on the `` the donald '' thing about `` hillary '' . 
  this is / europe , we do n't care about stateside witchhunts . 
  this is n't an `` e-mail '' , this is nazi jargon mixed with a confusing claptrap of utter tosh . 
  what 's the `` message '' here ? 
  hate muslims ? 
  debatable ... 
  i do n't dare to estimate how the financial markets would have reacted to greece dropping out of the ez , declaring bancruptcy and all that . 
  it could have caused a firestorm that torched greece ( which i consider more likely ) or it could have , after an initial period of panic , led to a temporary easing of pressure on the country ( which i doubt given the reputation issues the greek establishment already had at this point ) . 
  i do n't think greece could have gotten any fresh money on the financial markets to either meet its current obligations ( and i mean the ones to its own people ) nor to even run the state at all . 
  maybe a drakhme dropping in value like a stone off a cliff could have bought some breathing space , but at some point this `` kicking the can down the street '' would no longer have worked . 
  it would have forced politicians in greece to `` drop the pants '' and come clean over what has to be done , what has to be `` sacrificed '' ( and i am talking about pensions and wages , letting go of many many state employees etc ) . 
  it would n't have been pretty - that 's for sure . 
   a relatively short period of healthy austerity given the greek liabilities i do n't think * that * austerity would either be short nor would it be `` healthy '' . 
  brexit is the result of british political circles flat out lying to their own constituency for decades about what this `` eec '' was even in the 1970s ( and an unhealthy dose of `` not wanting to see '' on the part of the constituency ) , a serious dose of an overinflated sense of self , a media landscape that was n't ( and still is n't ) above making up utter tosh to feed an agenda , a pre-referendum campaign that was impossible to beat in its collection of banality , outright lies , scaremongering , unrealistic expectations and political characters on both sides of the aisle that could not get any worse ( calling either `` clowns '' would actually insult real clowns ) . 
  in short : brexit was the reaction of a constituency that was presented by the leave proponents with a convenient scapegoat for all the real or perceived ills of their lifes while the real source of many british issues ( whitehall and the houses of parliament ) had no language to counter the ( often ludicrous ) claims of the leave-camp . 
  but what really takes the pudding here is that even after he pulled a * `` neaner !, 
  got you in !, 
  you voted for me , now i quit !, 
  '' * people still consider farage as a serious politician . 
  which is exactly what i 'd vote for . 
  second try . 
  apparently reddit does n't like links to `` thelocal '' . 
  let me try to make my view clearer . 
  the calls for germany to `` do more '' in international issues ( and here especially in military affairs ) come from outside the country and are not echoed by the german society . 
  polls have confirmed again and again that there is no societal majority backing such calls - quite the contrary ( i.e. 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/05/07/germany-and-the-united-states-reliable-allies/u-s-germany-relations-07 ) . 
  and yet german politicians are echoing these calls - at least rhetorically . 
  but a closer look at especially the defense budget , the speed of decisions on procurement , the lack of priority attributed to the glaring manpower shortage in both military bureaucracy and the forces themselves , the growing impression that some important decisions are being postponed until after the coming election ( because of the tendency to avoid such `` divisive '' issues in an election campaign ) ... 
  they all form a picture of a political body who talks the talk ( because the world outside germany expects `` more '' ) but chickens out every single time when it would be their turn to `` walk the walk '' . 
  why ? 
   gressel stressed that public antipathy to assertive defence policies was tying policy makers ' hands . 
  `` the reunification of germany was the last big goal for germans . 
  after that everyone fell into this ` end of history ' feeling - everything is good , we 're all friends and it has to stay that way . 
  since then it has been hard to mobilize germans for new projects . '', 
  source : some article @ `` the local '' because of some reddit automatism which removes such links ... 
  the problem is that foreign countries expect `` more '' german engagement in areas that the german society does n't support , especially not in the military domain . 
  this rejection is what was behind the strict and numerous caveats in afghanistan ( and the rhetoric orgy of obfuscation , denial , whitewashing and reality bending that accompanied the `` political debate '' about it for years ) , this is what strictly limited german support for france after bataclan to non-combat , this is what keeps the german deployment to mali pretty much a non-combat role ( despite the wishes of france and even the un ) . 
  german politicians know that such deployments ( and that includes the current * enhanced forward presence * in the baltics ) are deeply unpopular and they are neither prepared to voice their personal opinion ( except in the same old platitudes they always fling at us when they are asked a question they do n't want to answer ) nor are they prepared to risk their mandates ( and careers ) for these issues . 
  which is why they try to limit the size , scope and seriousness of them to virtual uselessness simply in order to avoid having to pay domestic political costs . 
  bottom line : when politicians want to change that `` restraint '' they ** must ** be prepared to debate the issue with their own constituency in the first place . 
  they are n't and that takes away any credibility any such `` calls '' from a german politician have . 
  i do n't think there can be a `` grand strategy '' for the entirety of `` the west '' . 
  the states that make up this group are too numerous , too different in culture , geography , strategic situation , outlook and means . 
  `` the west '' as in nato during the cold war worked mostly because the strategy for the group was kept very simple and lots of details were left to the individual nations . 
  the leadership function of the us was virtually uncontested , from within the us and in between the member states . 
  today , however , the tendencies towards isolationism within the us have grown far stronger with the election of donald trump and a there lessening of willingness to follow the us in many `` western '' countries ( partially due to competing interests and priorities , partially due to missteps in the past ) . 
  additionally we lack the unifying threat perception that made even that `` simple strategy '' possible back then . 
  european states are being pulled in different directions because of their national outlooks and interests ( and political imperatives and priorities ) as is the us . 
  forging a unifying grand strategy is going to be more than challenging , partially because of the multitude of competing ( and sometimes contrary ) particular interests . 
  there are zero prerequisites for that `` optimum currency area '' to be established . 
  the `` net payers '' simply feel no obligation to actually transfer wealth and the `` net receivers '' do n't wish to transfer financial and economic sovereignty to brussels , either . 
  there is no way to square this circle at this point , neither side would accept the compromises necessary to make it happen .
