  daesh 2.0 ? 
  i simply think you ca n't destroy an islamist ideology by throwing some pgms into some dustbowl . 
  i do n't like it one bit but i only see one doable solution : fortress europe . 
  of course the lefties and greens will throw hissy fits , but it ca n't be helped . 
  if the islamic world is intent on having its own version of the 30-years-war we need to make sure they keep that among themselves . 
  i see no other way . 
  because i do n't think we can do anything about it . 
  the short version : after afghanistan ( and for some iraq ) there is no support for another long-term stabilization mission in a muslim country and due to the economical woes at home no resources , either . 
  just bombing the heck out of someone just does n't cut it . 
  if you send the military be damned sure of the political goals and strategies for the time after the shooting , but that is simply lacking anywhere . 
  in my opinion , yes , of course . 
  stop trying to force the rest of the eu to becone french auxiliaries in the field to begin with . 
  by now paris should have realized that their strategic views are n't going to be the default one , that for example the states at the eastern flank have other views on security priorities or that some states do not agree with their world view in military matters . 
  france is currently trying to have its cake and eat it at the same time , to harness the resources of other member states but not lose an ounce of sovereignty and military independence . 
  that other states do n't particularly care to play the role paris has in mind for them ( that of resource providers ) should not be surprising . 
   if france have to be the only active european army , at least , we should have a european funding to do it . 
  yeah , right . 
  but first ask `` europe '' whether the other 28 member states see things the same way . 
  otherwise it 's just the old french disease of equating their view with that of europe . 
  the eu is a flea circus of 29 different opinions and the french one is just one among many . 
  which is why i still stand by my words ... merkel took the lesson the cdu/csu was taught in 2002 when their support for bush jr cost them the election to heart and remains as far away from security and defense issues as possible . 
  as chancellor it would be her goddamn duty to give direction in this area , too , but she has been silent since 2005 !, 
  all she does is react ( incrementally ) to foreign pressure or unusual events . 
  yes , merkel is governing by public opinion and that means ( if one looks at the details ) she avoids military issues like the plague , because she did n't want to anger the public ... and then came along the refugee thing . 
  merkel was one of the signatories of this `` open letter '' , yes , but she drew a central lesson from that episode for her own chancellorship and steadfastly refused any new combat mission for the bundeswehr and allows only placebo ops with training or `` consulting tasks '' . 
  she stuck with the afghan mission because the political cost of leaving was too high , but at the same time she did her utmost not to be associated with the mission and remained aloof from any debate . 
  she also refused the lybian debacle ( thankfully ) and would have refused a syrian intervention , she presided over the disembowelling of the bundeswehr under zu guttenberg and de maiziere for budgetary reasons , she steadfastly refuses any serious budget increase ( which should have come right after last year 's revelations on the readiness ) and continues to pay only lip service to any security and defense policy issues , because of that episode before the iraq war . 
  merkel and military ? 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  about as likely as aliens turning up asking for the closest christmas market ... within the next 10 seconds . 
  short : not a snowball 's chance in hell . 
  ah , yes ... another worthless poll . 
  because the `` german michel '' is likely to answer a rather vague question positively , but recoils drastically once you add all those sordid details . 
  and this is true nowhere more than when a military operation is concerned . 
  and given merkel 's obvious dislike for anything military she 'll not risk anything and agree to a mission that * could * potentially be politically damaging . 
  i agree with you . 
  the problem is : the french government does n't . 
  they 've always been keen to harness european resources for their own foreign policy interests but have had zero success before . 
  france has fought a defensive-minded outlook of eu defense issues with all it has ... 
  problem is we could n't agree on the definition of `` defense '' to begin with . 
  france always wanted to export it 's interventionist attitudes to other eu states ( but failed ) while others thought it meant showing a front to putin . 
  and most had / have little interest in either . 
  so what 's this newest attempt by hollande ? 
  a political game played on the backs of 129 victims . 
  ` scuse me , got ta puke . 
  it 's a long-winded document on the differences between france and germany but it contains a pretty good overview of the french views . 
  http://www.defense.gouv.fr/base-de-medias/documents-telechargeables/irsem/pdf-publications/etudes/etude-de-l-irsem-n-41-2015 bottom line : france 's thinking in strategic terms is what 's behind csdp , but that thinking ( centered on its traditional spheres of interest in its former colonial empire in africa ) is not reflected in the views of other european states ( apart from , at least partially , the uk - due to their own colonial past in africa ) . 
  france has sought to upload its own strategic culture to the eu , to develop `` europe de la defense '' and `` europe puissance '' , to mold european policies according to its own interests ( which , frankly , every eu member state does ) . 
  problem with a `` eu-wide defense '' is that member states stay away from this due to the general disinclination to play auxiliary for french foreign policy interests in africa . 
  france is the driving force behind csdp ( the current incarnation of `` eu defense '' ) and has never been shy about its view : to tap into the resources of other eu states and to use them to underpin its own interests in africa . 
  but given the disengagement of the other eu members french officials have become somewhat frustrated . 
  to make a long story short : eu defense would need to be defined first and various factions would see things very differently . 
  pretty much like in the rest of the eu policy debates of late . 
  we 've seen how `` unified '' the positions were when the first round of sanctions were cobbled together . 
  france did n't want to drop the sale of the two mistrals , germany did n't want to target gazprom and the likes and the uk was keen on having financial institutions exempted ( to protect `` the city '' ) . 
  and after one year the nimby factions have multiplied . 
  unified eu stance ? 
  ` scuse me for having my doubts . 
  because the eu is but a glorified trade club ( with additional accessories ) which its members mostly joined to make money ( off each other ) . 
  let 's face it - europe is a geographical description , the eu is a flea circus of 28 members with vastly differing outlooks , histories , mentalities and cultures . 
  to unify such an entity would take generations if not centuries of slow-paced cultural rapprochement , but after the fall of the iron curtain eu-federalists have slammed down the accelerator pedal on convergence and left the people behind . 
  the dutch and french rejection of the then-eu constitution was imo the most obvious sign for that ... and yet elites continue to talk the talk as they 're too craven to admit the need for course correction , too caught up in that pro-integration rhetorical straight-jacket of their own making . 
  meanwhile the ces demonstrate how much they value national sovereignty and independence ( understandable after their histories of foreign domination ) and essentially tell those wannabe-federalists to ` count them out ' of such fantasies . 
  but imo the central issue is that those who dreamed of a european integration after ww2 had a specific mindset born out of their experiences . 
  we , who inherited their project , do n't have that mindset and are n't really comfortable with the course it 's taking . 
  i find this talk of a `` post-national identity '' rather silly , but then it 's always been a mere thought-exercise by the usually elitist intellectuals of habermas and the likes , those preachers who - as elitists - never gave a damn about the people 's opinions and ideas and continued to preach the `` dissolution of germany into a transnational european state '' . 
  i think this rather theoretical creation of `` post-nationalism '' is a rather natural reaction to one basic fact : the founding of the federal republic is not based on anything positive but instead one of mankind 's worst crimes ( the holocaust ) . 
  as michel focault said the `` auschwitz-identity '' does n't fulfill the inherent need for collective positive emotions so the `` economy-identity '' was created to provide exactly this in a country in which the usual indegredients of `` national identity '' have been comprehensively delegitimized . 
  at the same time it has - in my opinion - remained a peculiarity of germany 's intellectuals while the common people paid it little attention ( beyond lip-service ) . 
  the real driving force behind the seemingly widespread acceptance of `` post-national identity '' seems to have been peer pressure and the fear of being labeled a closet-nazi if one did n't sing from this particular hymn sheet . 
  as for the `` weariness '' people feel about the eternal auschwitz argument ... 
  i very much agree that the memories of the holocaust need to be preserved and taught , at least as a warning that the lacquer of civilization is thin and barbarism can lurk beneath it , but at the same time it needs to be removed from politics and `` political games '' that are being played . 
  if the memory of the holocaust is misused as `` rhetorical club '' to shame germany into agreeing to something then it 's a tactic whose time is past . 
  which does n't spare him from making statements based on rather lackadaisical appraisals of the circumstances . 
  for example that reference to that gallup poll in which only 18 % of germans stated a willingness to `` fight for their country '' needs to be put into perspective . 
  for the past several years , basically since the initial shock over 9/11 dissipated , germans have felt safe from external threats and only very small minorities even perceive a military threat against germany ( no , not even the russian antics since 2014 have changed this very much ) . 
  hence the question is open to interpretation and people interpret it as `` would you be willing to join the bundeswehr to fight in some dustbowl in africa or the middle east which most people could not even find on a map for reasons our politicians ca n't explain in the first place ? '', 
  given the widespread skepticism about such `` adventures '' in the german society such a result is not surprising . 
  after reaqding a few comments on that site i feel the overwhelming need to wash my hands . 
  holocaust relativization and denial , talk about `` jewish conspiracies '' ... meh !, 
  as for the tone and `` content '' of those left-wingers described in the article . 
  i 've lived in berlin for three years . 
  i met enough of those folks and my view is these guys are so left-wing that they do n't realize their own neighbors to the left are the right-wing idiots . 
  they 've closed the circle , they 're just as narrow-minded and dogmatic as their most hated enemies - in fact they 're brothers in spirit . 
  but these `` anti-germans '' are such a tiny minority that they 're as irrelevant as the hardcore-fascists . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i 'm a bit slow today , probably my inner clock not working correctly due to this messing with the time . 
  which , for a good part , are outside the eurozone . 
  but regardless , i believe that all this talk about `` investments '' is just smokescreen talk for exactly that - fiscal transfers . 
  knowing how this works inside germany i can extrapolate what could happen on the eu level . 
  thanks , but no , thanks . 
  nope . 
  is it ? 
  i mean , let 's be honest , states went to afghanistan and iraq not because they believed the rhetorics of the white house and the pentagon but because they wanted to garner some favor with the de facto hegemon ( who at that time was not totally rational ) . 
  apart from an initial co-shock about 9/11 most states had national interests in remaining close to the us , mostly out of national security considerations . 
  and now look at france 's efforts to coax european states to play auxiliarii in africa and how much success they 've had . 
  dissolve the euro . 
  i , personally , am prepared to take a hit just to see that mistake corrected . 
  besides nobody in europe could do a thing if one of the bigger states got into such trouble . 
  that would be a mess that makes the greek problems look harmless .
