  you talk about theory , i talk about reality . 
  whether you like it or not most states still award military procurement contracts to local companies because the money stays inside the country and returns via collected taxes . 
  it also keeps locals in work and if locals have jobs they 're more likely to be happy and reelect politicians who work towards `` protecting '' said jobs . 
  this is the fundamental truth for many if not most european states : defense spending is predominantly a hidden industry subsidy and the military is supposed to generate the demand to keep national companies alive . 
  military capabilities come at a distant second in this equation . 
  look at all those big-ticket multinational projects in europe , like the eurofighter or the a400m . 
  the setup of production ( a bit here , the next bit there , the third over there and the last from another location ) highlights this thinking and offers the central reason why consolidation has n't happened so far and is unlikely to happen in the forseeable future : no politician is going to undermine his own power base . 
  period . 
   the spike of power and efficiency would be biggest if european nations would truly pool their defence and foreign policy , unlike for many other things where centralization is unnecessary or even potentially detrimental . 
  in theory , but that would presuppose an interest in being `` powerful '' . 
  france and the uk ? 
  yep , they have the culture , mindset and history to think along those lines ( but of course the uk is totally atlanticist and sovereigntist and rejects such `` collective solutions '' and france is only willing to do this as long as they call the shots and decide on the direction ) . 
  the rest ? 
  most states are small and were always small , international power is simply nothing they never dealt with in their history of make do while trying not to be squashed by the big nations . 
  hence their indifference to this aspect . 
  and germany is fundamentally allergic to such `` notions of power '' since ww2 which is why the public views csdp ( when asked specifically and when making details clear , when you do n't do this the `` lofty ideals '' are getting support but reveal the inner workings of csdp and the support takes a plunge ) as highly suspicious . 
  people over here fear being `` drawn into someone else 's wars '' . 
   an investment-led green new deal for europe , with the investment bank playing the role that under the new deal of roosevelt , the federal treasury played by issuing treasury bills for the purposes of mopping up excess savings in order to channel it towards investment . 
  yeah , right ... as if any german taxpayer would agree to be fleeced for such a keynesian scheme . 
  still prescribing collectivist solutions , are n't you , v-man ? 
  you accuse us germans of being dogmatic about ordoliberalism but you are not an ounce better in your insistance on increased deficit spending based on the mere promise of future growth . 
  that 's not an * investment * i wish to be drawn into , thank you very milking much . 
  no we do n't and you fail to realize the issue of france here as well . 
  france , the inventor and currently sole proponent of `` europe de la defense '' , is fighting tooth and nail against a strictly defensive-minded european defense environment as they want to tap into the resources of other eu member states to foster their interests in africa . 
  but there is more , and that is also something that causes nato headaches : we have a triple partition through europe between those states on the eastern flank who feel threatened by russia ( the baltic states , poland , romania , to a certain degree also bulgaria ) and who want military resources to be focused on their threat perception , those on the northern shores of the mediterranean sea or a colonial past ( france , spain , italy , greece , the uk to a point but recently less and less ) who look south at what 's brewing in north africa and the middle east and who want european military resources to stop the flow of migrants and the spread of unrest and instability in this area and finally we have those states who do n't perceive either area to be a threat to themselves and who do n't particularly feel like playing * auxiliarii * in any area ( germany and mostly the rest of the eu member states ) . 
  so we have the eastern flank being pissed at not being given the permanent bases and considerable forces they want to feel a modicum of safety from putin 's machinations , we have france which is truly , really and royally pissed at the other eu member states for not playing ball and refusing to fill the role french policy had assigned to them in this area of politics and we have a number of states who wonder what all that mumbling and grumbling is about and who are concentrating on those issues that strike closer to home ( in many cases : economy & jobs ) . 
   said key subjects would of course be foreign politics , military ( in some way ) and a few key internationally faced economical responsibilities ( like the single market is now ) . 
  goes against the decentralization you propose . 
  all three political fields would require a unity of outlook , interests and worldview - which , in all three fields , does n't exist in europe today . 
   why not give hundred something years for cultures to naturally melt ? 
  you guys had to do it in two decades and shove it down the people throats [ ... ] this . 
  very much this . 
  i 'm afraid the propaganda bullshyte these folks consume on a daily basis has long since destroyed any remnants of human intelligence . 
  educating them may be a nice idea , but that runs into the walls of small-mindedness and ideologically motivated hate . 
  not gon na happen . 
  this country has been almost totally intellectually demilitarized . 
   sauerkrauts of war . . how long will we have to wait for that ?!, 
  if you can stand reading roughly 110 pages i seriously suggest to read this : http://www.defense.gouv.fr/base-de-medias/documents-telechargeables/irsem/pdf-publications/etudes/etude-de-l-irsem-n-41-2015 ( it 's in english ) basically : us krauts got out of that particular business 70 years ago and feel no compulsion to get back in this game . 
  or , as the author of the document i linked to said , * `` resorting to caricature , the situation could thus be summarized as the french desperately waiting for a german strategic awakening that would lead berlin to realize the security challenges posed by a globalized world and then induce it to join france in its efforts to build a european defense . 
  the germans , in turn , wait for paris to understand the relevance of their values . 
  '' * ( in this case values means `` military force and machtpolitik are so yesteryear . 
  we 're long past that and find the concept distasteful . '' ), 
  france and germany are so fundamentally different that i ca n't see any further convergence of views and political culture . 
  the only bone i have to pick with this article is the way the author predicts future events . 
  the rather superficial way ( even for a short newspaper article online ) in which the sequence of potential events is depicted and especially how everything falls the way the `` naysayers '' want it to fall reeks of a lack of thoroughness of thought processes and assessment of the situation . 
  it 's simply not serious in my eyes to predict `` everything will be as i forsee it ... '' , especially not when such a decision is on the plate . 
  saying no to further eu membership for the uk is a perfectly legitimate stance and political goal , but it should be based on sound arguments and not wishy-washy `` fortuneteller '' rhetorics . 
  ps : the same is true for the yay-campaigners . 
  their arguments are , as depicted , mostly arguments of fear . 
  there seems to be nothing strategic about the uk 's membership in the eu and nothing in the campaign pro-eu that speaks of political goals or intents . 
  that 's preceisely why the rejection of british paying membership has so many supporters - nobody can actually say what that membership is really good for ( even though economists may cut down entire forests to print their reasons on , but no normal people would understand their goobledegook ) . 
  now that 's redressing history , is n't it ? 
  was n't it rather that france threw a hissy fit and left in a ( pretend ) huff when the other states refused to hand dassault the project on a silver platter ? 
  french politicians have always been quite eager to extract valuable knowledge from `` multinational '' projects before leaving and doing their own thing ... 
  think vbci . 
  `` valley of the clueless '' . 
  that 's what saxony was called in gdr-times ( because they could not receive the west german tv programs due to geography ) . 
  apparently this still true ... but for different reasons . 
   even hopeless and disintegrated as they are , they are preferable to most alternatives . 
  yay polish political class . 
  now why does that sound familiar to me ? 
  hmmm ... ;(, 
   but do you guys not cover other imporant wars/battles in history ? 
  considering how recent and influential ww2 was i would of thought the key battles would certainly get a degree of coverage . 
  it depends on the teacher ( they 've got some leeway as to how they structure their lessons and what details they teach and what not , but in general the * lehrplan * leaves little time for extra-curricular stuff ) , but generally it 's very rare that battles or military aspects are talked about . 
  in my case - well , it 's been 18 years already ( gosh , i 'm getting old fast :d ) - there was never a single mention of military aspects or battles in any of the important phases of history we talked about : there was no mention of jena-auerstedt or waterloo when talking about the napoleonic era ( but very much focus on the humanistic ideals of the french revolution ) , no mention of k\u00f6niggr\u00e4tz when talking about the prusso-austrian war of 1866 , certainly no mention of sedan ( or any other battle ) of the franco-german war of 1870/71 ... and as for ww1 and ww2 - apart from mentioning and dissecting the societal situation in the wilhelminian empire ( bismarck 's social policies and his fight against social-democrats , his opposition towards the catholic church , changes after his dismissal etc ) we jumped straight to 1918 and the weimar republic ( leaving out the war entirely ) , moving through the troubled 1920s towards the rise of the national socialists whose policies then , in turn , were dissected in great detail only to repeat the pattern and jump from 1939 straight to the potsdam conference in 1945 . 
  i 've heard similar stories from colleagues and accquaintences over and over again . 
  military aspects of history are not being taught with very few exceptions . 
  given the massive left-leaning slant of the teacher 's union and the fact that the majority of teachers in germany are women it does n't surprise me one bit , though . 
  simple . 
  it 's football . 
  because the first `` sport '' is complaining . 
  * ostpolitik * did have several effects . 
  * the first effect was to blunt the most extreme edges of the ideological confrontation between the west and the east . 
  as such it was a policy designed to lower the risk of war breaking out and turning germany into a pile of ashes , but it also took the sting out of the propaganda against the `` imperialists '' in the west ( just as aboutdesouffle said ) . 
  * the second effect was domestic . 
  it not only forced west germany to adopt a more realistic perspective on the east ( including east germany ) in general and forced the political establishment to deal with issues from a perspective of the ( then ) here and now as opposed to the narrow-minded approach left behind by the 1950s . 
  for example brandt 's acceptance of the oder-neisse-line ( which was by all means merely the acceptance of political realities ) pre-dated the cdu officially and publicly taking the same position by almost twenty years . 
  along with the broad social and cultural changes ( ushered in in parts by the 68 student revolt ) it also changed west germany as it blunted the sharp rhetorics of the hardline * `` kommunistenfresser '' * . 
  in the end * ostpolitik * blunted the aggressive rhetorics of hardliners on both sides ( somewhat ) , did take away a bunch of ( hitherto rather successful ) issues that communist propaganda did gleefully exploit and - in the long run - undermined moscow 's ability to scare their own populations into an anti-west consensus . 
  wall him in . 
  at least noone will have to hear his whinging while starving this way . 
  even though i 'd have prefered to see them used to rebuild the german artillery branch ( 4 battlations for 7 brigades ? 
  wtf ? ), 
  i can see the more pressing need for the lithuanians . 
  thanks , i 'll pass . 
  i do n't mind european integration as a long-term ( meaning in a few generations or a century ) but certainly not now and not in the near future . 
  for example : factual increase of defense spending that is n't swallowed whole by rising personnell costs or `` prestige projects '' ( i.e. 
  immediate upgrade to 45 billion $ for fiscal year 2017 ) . 
  or an end to the lip-service paid to `` european defense union '' - especially in conjunction with france ( which views and uses military power in ways that the german society does not and will not accept ) . 
  sort out our domestic german situation , that should be the priority ( and not an attempt to offload that `` nasty topic '' to some undefined eu institution ) . 
  basically tackling the manyfold shortages i.e. 
  modern clothing for all instead of just for a few selected units , modern digital radio communication as we still rely on outdated analog systems whose end of life is 2020 at the very latest , far far insufficient ammunition stores across the entire spectrum etc etc. 
  so far all we 've heard are words - and words are far cheaper than deeds . 
  sorry , i ca n't shake the feeling that everything is but a smokescreen to hide the lack of substantial action . 
  you know the biggest and most dramatic of her failures ? 
  she has to this day - probably because she wants to keep her chances at succeeding merkel at some point - refrained from confronting merkel 's utter and total silence on all matters of defense and security policy . 
  she let a bunch of people put together a white book which immediately disappeared into a drawer to be forgotten ( like its predecessors ) and has not even attempted to have it debated in the parliament ( read the nice article in die welt on the willful silence of merkel and both governing parties on that one from last week ) . 
  basically she has doctored on the symptoms of the illness , but has refrained from trying to find and cure its roots ( even though i have a very high opinion of frau suder ) . 
  ca n't help but shake my head in sadness .
