  ah , but you forget us krauts do n't need to transport mbts in aircraft , because we never ... well ... * wage war * . 
  it 's all about drilling wells and building schools , is n't it ? 
   seriously , dfractalh above has posted a good short summary : the german society does n't dig military force and is immensely skeptical about interventionism per se . 
  deploying the bundeswehr always carries a certain political cost in germany and so politicians try to minimize that cost by trying to avoid combat missions and focusing on support roles . 
  i think it was former federal president richard von weizs\u00e4cker who coined the dominant differentiation between patriotism and nationalism in germany :  patriotism is the love for one 's country , nationalism the disdain for others . 
  based on this quote ( which is very well-known in germany ) nationalism is definitely seen as inappropriate in germany and the very blurry border between patriotism and nationalism make us generally hesitant to define either or indulge in the former . 
  it 's not a matter of education imo ... the difference is whether such a concept sounds ( and feels ) artificial and * `` an den haaren herbeigezogen '' * ( which imo * constitutional patriotism * definitely is ) or whether the concept looks at perceptions of reality within a society and makes deductions from that ( which foucault certainly did ) . 
  habermas , apart from his obvious disdain for the common man on the street and his tendency to lecture from a `` i know better '' perspective , is too abstract and perhaps too centered on constructing something out of thin air that fits not only his worldview but also his preferences . 
  that 's not patriotism , that 's * partyotism * . 
  this `` constitutional patriotism '' is in my opinion one of those philosophical farts of a small elite , the term itself coined by habermas ( the epitome of a `` fuck the plebs '' elitist ) . 
  it was foucault who described the concept of two parts of the german post-war identity : the `` auschwitz-us '' and the `` economy-us '' . 
  i actually agree with him - the usual fundaments of a national identity were and mostly still are too contamined by national-socialist abuse to have any chance of founding a positive identity-building collective narrative . 
  but because manmade societies can not really exist without some kind of positive identity-building collective narrative west germans turned to the economy for that `` fix '' . 
   given the blatant disregard countries like germany have for their militaries , even your numerical strength is a completely moot point . 
  you should feel insecure , because it does n't seem like anybody is actually taking their military seriously . 
  i generally agree that merely adding up european militaries is pretty much a pointless and nonsensical effort ( because the raw numbers do n't really mean much ) . 
  but ... given the decades of admonishments not to even aspire to `` be taken seriously '' with regards to the military i 'm sure you can forgive modern germans when we do n't take the bundeswehr serious , either . 
  besides ... you assume that low military expenditures and capabilities automatically means having to fear the outside world ... or is it rather the fear of the us establishment to be toppled from the top spot ? 
  in the german case the near total lack of a perceptible military threat - the most recent number is from mid-2014 and shows that only 11 . something percent of those polled perceived any kind of military threat against germany - means that no public attention is being put on military capabilities ( or the lack of them ) beyond a negligable and nebulous support to enhance the army 's efficiancy . 
  the only potentially viable threat could be posed by russia and most people think even putin is sane enough not to destroy the economies that buy his raw materials and keep his petro-state oligarchy running . 
  we must be honest - in germany politically the military is like a mandatory stock of a foreign currency that is needed on the international stage but is essentially worthless at home . 
  which is why german politicians will continue to procure the least possible amount of it , spend it very rarely and only hesitantly and generally not do more than the absolute minimum required not to create too much of a fuzz - both internationally and domestically . 
  we , collectively , as a society , have discarded the very underpinnings of what made both the german imperial army and the wehrmacht such formidable fighting forces post-1945 precisely because they led to things like verdun , stalingrad and ultimately auschwitz and the utter disregard for the value of human lives that german military leadership revealed in both wars . 
  the same concepts that produced the battlefield performance american proponents of west german rearmament wanted to conserve and `` resurrect '' also ran the death camps and the * einsatzgruppen * as well as the atrocities committed both by wehrmacht and waffen-ss . 
  that connection was never realized , let alone understood by the same nations that now lament our reluctance to resort to military means . 
  nah , not gon na happen . 
  and even if those 2 % ever happened - a very remote chance btw - we 'd still not be particularly interested in actually using the bundeswehr for anything but symbolic gestures . 
  and then the complaints would continue , just with different terms and phrases . 
  well , the swiss role in banking ( or rather its role as hiding place for money from questionable sources or not meant to be found by fiscal authorities ) has always been their best defense in modern times . 
  we ca n't `` lead '' it ... other european states distrust us already as the rhetorics over the euro crisis and especially the refugee crisis revealed . 
  germany 's role prior to 1990 was that of the paymaster who always spent a bit more than necessary while political leadership was in french hands . 
  that setup was always destined to be temporary because generational change was destined to and in fact did bring a change in attitudes and a lessening of the old guilt for ww2 . 
  nevertheless the doubts about germany are there and there will probably always be doubts about our motivation and intentions . 
  which is why `` german leadership in the eu '' will always be only as acceptable to other eu members as our positions and ideas are close to their interests . 
  if these do n't align there will be resistance ( as the refugee crisis revealed ) . 
  we simply ca n't be the hegemon nor do we want to play that role . 
  you missed the fact that germans by and large are averse to such a `` leadership position '' ? 
  if anything such a position was thrust upon us by the virtue of us not being as down economically as others ... great reason , do n't you think ? 
  the issue is that this ai n't an argument that convinces people . 
  most of us ordinary dolts want nothing but a slice of the ( economic ) cake after 15 years of belt-tightening . 
  international weight or prestige or importance ... none of these concepts really matter to most germans . 
  those attitudes have been beaten out of us decades ago . 
  but without societal support you will never manage to get the resources to underpin such policies . 
   you seem to both live in a bubble and at the same time you 're willing to exploit the fact that someone else spends money to ensure stability . 
  that is what switzerland has essentially done for the past few centuries and by the looks of it they have done well . 
  guess why the idea of `` bigger switzerland '' is so popular in german society ... , 
  an `` eu army '' is and will remain a fata morgana for the forseeable future . 
  at this moment we could n't even agree on the definition of the term `` defense '' ( france for example would fight tooth and nail against a purely defensive outlook and makeup ) , different geographics would lead to frictions between those states who look east ( baltics , poland , romania ) and those who look south ( greece , italy , spain , france ) and let 's not get started on the sh * itfest that would erupt over whose defense industry gets what part of the cake . 
  let 's face it : there is less unity in the eu in this area than there is in a chicken-house when the fox is prowling outside the fence . 
  no idea ... 
  german law ( and custom ) prohibits the kind of full-id stuff that other countries regularly publish on their media . 
  for example it 's customary to shorten the surname to the first letter and to distort photos/pictures so that they do n't show the face . 
  to give an example : after the germanwings crash german media reported the co-pilot as andreas l. and only published modified pictures of him while his full name and unmodified pictures were all over cnn etc. 
  bottom line is do n't expect a full name and a complete background on him . 
  german media ca n't do that ( and most likely would n't , either - data and privacy protection are a very serious business in germany ) . 
  i 've read the article and it stinks of a sense of mission that propagates interventionism . 
  if anything afghanistan , lybia and syria should have taught these missionaries of `` democracy by jdam '' one lesson : as soon as the centralized power structure in these countries collapses the first thing the people do is to fracture into special interest groups ( local , tribal , sectarian , religious , whatever ) and fight for a bigger share of the loot ... or their mere survival . 
  apparently there are decades if not centuries of pent-up rivalries and old hate that erupts into violence . 
  my sarcastic streak tells me that us `` westeners '' need to stay out of these fights and keep the muslim world segregated until they have gotten this `` fight '' out of their system . 
  it took europe a war of thirty years and a de facto depopulation of vast areas until the exhaustion finally gave way to sanity . 
  apparently the same is true for the islamic world in the middle east today . 
  by trying to dabble in the populist pond by first distancing herself a bit from merkel , then she hastily backpedaled when chancellor gave her a dirty look ... she damaged her reputation and lost a lot of credibility . 
  she gambled and lost big time . 
  edit : it does n't have much to do with her actual stance on the immigratio issue , it 's just that she has revealed herself to be prone to flip-flopping on the one hand and not having the backbone to withstand pressure from the party outside her federal state . 
  given the tacit support nato has given to ... uhm ... * less than democratic * governments in its past and present ( think greek military junta , think erdogan ) i doubt this would be an issue for the bureaucracy . 
  yes , she has certainly managed to end various careers ... 
  i mean she ( really ) began hers by dethroning kohl and sending him into retirement . 
  looking back at the rather longish line of entrenched politicians or potential rivals it 's also a long line of political careers having taken a decidedly downward turn or which have ended at all . 
  until the 1980s nato never assumed that they could do more than fight a delaying battle to the east of the rhine and that - even in the best case - after three weeks it would have to resort to using tactical nuclear weapons to demolish the most threatening soviet assault groupings . 
  only with the dawn of pgms nato began to wonder whether or not it could stop the warsaw pact conventionally . 
  but nevertheless : pretty much all nato exercises descended into a massive exchange of nuclear weapons . 
  there is a story about helmut kohl leaving a wintex in the late 1980s two days before the end ( because the situation had gotten so out of hand that the exercise had dissolved into a massive thermo-nuclear exchange on german soil ) and snapping at a nato general asking why he was leaving early ( he was the chancellor of a major nato member yada yada yada ) :  chancellor of what country ? 
  there 's nothing left to govern . 
  we were lucky that there was never a direct military conflict between the two blocks or europe today would still be a dead and lifeless nuclear wasteland . 
  i 'm not buying the `` adoration '' meme ... 
  i think it 's rather a big fat dose of fear of the potential alternatives ( there are none - does n't mean some politicians do n't think of themselves as such ) . 
  if presented with choices between merkel and other heads of parties or potential challengers i am essentially presented the choice between the plague and cholera ... and in that case it 's a simple :  better the devil you know than the devil you do n't . 
  personally i remember the lybian episode as one full of hyperbole - the `` courageous rebels '' playing the underdog to perfection , the `` evil antagonist '' looking more like a clown who tried to play a dramatic role and a bootload of rhetorics that made me nauseous . 
  i 've always had the impression that the european societies were being led through an arena by the nose ... and that impression turned out to be right . 
  the hotbeds of the same `` courageous rebels '' turned out to be hotbeds of islamism and given the descent into post-ghaddafi tribal infighting i ca n't help but be relieved that europe as a whole was n't dragged into what looks like a good old-fashioned fight for the biggest slice of the loot among the myriad of local powers in lybia . 
  the same is true for syria - without the central `` strongman '' subdueing the power struggles there is no such thing as a `` nation state '' but a collection of different interest groups , tribes and organisations who all have different ideas and intentions and who would rather fight each other to the death than to contribute to any `` greater good '' . 
  that also drives the large migrat streams from states like afghanistan or iraq - people do n't just flee the war in these states but they do n't perceive a chance that this eternal infighting would ever cease . 
  [ sarcasm ] it 's not supposed to be , have you missed the memo ? 
  the bundeswehr is but a state-sponsored showroom for the products of our defense companies so they can at least claim them to be `` in use '' when competing for export contracts . 
  a little disclaimer ahead - this is my interpretation . 
  given the fact that russia is the world 's second-largest nuclear power most people ( quite rightly ) do n't think we 're in the same league and have no real capability at detering russia . 
  it 's a continuation of the mindset of the cold war - west germans were very aware that the conventional forces were largely just for show ( given the enormous numerical superiority of the warsaw pact in conventional forces ) and that both sides planned for the use of tactical nuclear weapons as if they were firecrackers on new year 's eve . 
  in the end people were simply aware - deep down - that it were only nuclear weapons ( in the hands of the us ) that served as the real deterence . 
  which is why people made nasty jokes about the bundeswehr all the time . 
  deep down they were aware that no amount of tanks , spgs and fighter-bombers would make a real difference as the two respective superpowers had the escalation dominance in form of their nuclear arsenals and both planned for its extensive use . 
  so the only sensible political course for west germany was to keep anything flammable away from the fuse ... and if you look at the german politicians today the same penchent for `` diplomacy '' and `` talking '' becomes obvious . 
  it has its roots in the cold war . 
  and the buck for that stops where ? 
  right at * our * own desk . 
  i mean - let 's be honest here - has anyone given a damn about the bundeswehr after the breakdown of the warsaw pact ? 
  as a society we treat it kind of like the embarrassing and unwanted result of an * escapade * , we ca n't quite lock it up in the attic for all eternity ( to hide it from the neighborhood and ourselves ) , we ca n't quite kill it ( because everyone knows it exists , anyway ) but still we would rather not be reminded that it even exists ... we , as a society , have let the politicians use it as the stone quarry for any fiscal cutbacks , we never gave a damn about the attempts at debating security policy nor did we ever really demand for a political debate with alternatives and cost/benefit explanations . 
  horst k\u00f6hler once called it `` friendly disinterest '' , i 'd rather say it 's pure and willfull ignorance of the matter . 
  if we do n't see it , hear about it , read about it ... it 's all fine and dandy , ai n't it ? 
  and the islamists piggy-backed on an ongoing tuareg insurrection after an influx of weapons and fighters from lybia ( where many had served as mercenaries ) only after sarkozy did his presidential campaigning `` military style '' against ghaddafi . 
  the conflict between the malian central government and the tuareg had been going for years - and france had actually declined to intervene when asked by the malians a few months before ... so one may point to cause and effect .
