  seriously : i find it mind-boggling that someone can really think you could actually find a workable compromise between the two extremes i mentioned . 
  constitutionally mandated neutrality is not just a simple article in an old document , it 's also a mindset and a guiding principle for political behavior . 
  contrast that with the french political culture which puts premium on `` strategic autonomy '' , the preservation and even enhancement of french ( and not european ) political and military power and stringent checks against any `` encroachment '' to said `` strategic autonomy '' and you have a black-white divide that could n't be any starker . 
  neither will states like ireland or austria drop their constitutionally mandated ( and culturally deeply ingrained ) neutrality nor will you be able to talk the french elite out of a political culture that has sustained them since the end of ww2 and is deeply entrenched as well . 
  if you want a real world example : franco-german cooperation in military affairs is but symbolism precisely because even compromising between the two very different state models , cultures and structures would amount to either one side completely giving up its core beliefs ( simply impossible ) or both sides withdrawing from core beliefs ( equally unrealistic ) . 
  hence the symbolism that is all that is to the franco-german brigade . 
   this `` political symbolism '' as you call it is n't empty . 
  it 's our own security concerns finding an outlet through finding international guarantors . 
  and that concerns and dependence is n't less real because the integration is ineffective . 
  if you need guarantors you should choose another country to look at for that . 
  or have n't you heard of the pew poll published last week in which 53 % of those polled in germany reject using military force to help a `` nato ally '' who got into `` a serious conflict with russia '' ? 
  common procurement falters and fails on the rocky shores of `` domestic high-tech jobs '' and how politicians protect them . 
  it 's the same in all countries but if you want a specific german example read up on how the 2nd batch of k130 corvettes was forced upon the ministery by 2 mps from mecklenburg-vorpommern who threatened to block other ( more important ) purchases in the defense comittee if the yards in `` their '' electoral districts would not get the order . 
  and if you add an article in `` europ\u00e4ische sicherheit und technik '' from earlier this year where the author called the eda `` useless '' because countries only used it for projects `` nobody cared about anyway '' because of deep distrust and competition thinking between the states you get a vivid and accurate picture of how far away from `` common procurement '' we really are . 
  for national politicians ( who determine military procurements in the end ) domestic jobs are much much more important than some nebulous `` european '' advantages . 
  it touches upon the central core issue of national sovereignty . 
  not to mention that we have the wide divide between states liberally using military force for their foreign policy ( france ) and neutral states within the eu ( ireland , austria ) . 
  such divides simply ca n't be bridged , the two positions are literally impossible to bring together . 
   this is my problem . 
  it 's a lie , and it 's a lie told to the daft petty `` sovereigntists '' who like the illusion of independence better than actually thinking about things . 
  [ ... ] necessity and reality will make smaller states become subservient to german command . 
  this is just how things are done , have been done , and will be done when you have such disproportionate power imbalances . 
  we 've done it for the americans , for the russians , for every damn power in history we became a client state of , it 's unsustainable in the end . 
  no , it does n't because you wholly misunderstand the purpose . 
  it is simple political symbolism , it is to create political symbols , not useable military capabilities . 
  if anything it 's but an attempt to `` showcase '' german defense technology to smaller nations and help certain german companies get lucrative deals ( as the polish thinktank pism already surmised correctly in 2016 ) . 
  look at the history of the franco-german brigade . 
  has it ever been deployed on a real operation as a brigade ? 
  no , it has n't ... because the french expected something us germans simply were n't ( and are n't ) willing to give . 
  hence its non-role in the military sense except as yet another political symbol . 
  take a long hard look at germany vs the us , france or the uk when it comes to military affairs . 
  we 're by far the least likely state to even think about military issues , much less actually using military force . 
  all we did is to tag along with other states when we thought getting out of it was too costly , sometimes we balked ( lybia , iraq ) . 
  we ca n't use military force the same way the americans , the brits or the french can and do - it 's a cultural , legal and constitutional impossibility . 
  hence this `` integration '' is nothing but symbolism - germany does n't seek `` auxiliaries '' to provide additional military capabilities . 
  it 's political symbolism , pretend you 're doing something and keep droning on about it . 
  that 's all that is to it ... 
  i find that assumption to be rather amusingly naive . 
  the reason we do n't get there is precisely because countries ( and their people ) have vastly different outlooks and ideas about a military 's role . 
  and as the euro issue has shown opinions are all over the place and trenches between positions often deep and forbidding . 
  do n't use that foreign policy article as source , it 's utter bs in tenth potency . 
  contrary to what the article misleadingly claims the foreign units are not under `` german command '' - the respective nations retain full political and military command over their own forces . 
  i agree , too - that project of dobrindt 's personal pettiness needs to be squashed . 
  which is why kmw is viewing this as a potential `` escape '' from the german regulations . 
  but my comment was not aimed at this `` moralistic '' political issue , i was aiming at the fact that the french state retains a say in the companies themselves through owning shares . 
  but you are right that the german authorities have taken an increasingly tight view on defense exports based on a `` moralistic view '' that comes from left-leaning political circles and the media . 
  in some cases i agree - imo nobody should export anything of military value to states like saudi arabia - but in general it is but a political debate that meanders between trying to pander to a left-wing constituency ( for the spd ) and keeping the jobs in germany ( cdu ) . 
  poles are much more likely to answer yes to the question whether they would fight for their country . 
  two weeks ago a pew poll came in where 53 % of germans would not support sending the military to support a nato ally in case it got into a `` serious conflict with russia '' . 
  germans these days are utterly demilitarized mentally and psychologically , the mere idea of a `` real war '' is so abhorrent people demand that politicians abstain from any potential conflict . 
  and yet even there are massive differences . 
  the french state has a firm hand on its major defense contractors , mostly through shares owned by the state . 
  the german state does n't do that ( with the exception of airbus ) and leaves economic decisions to the management of the firms . 
  on top of that german defense firms are mostly smes whereas the major french companies are industrial giants ( at least in comparison ) . 
   good , i wonder how this will work out , will it be increased co\u00f6peration like we have in the benelux or will it be an actual franco-german army ? 
  unlikely for political , structural and cultural reasons . 
  as i outlined in a post above france and germany are polar opposites where the political structure of their countries is concerned . 
  france is a centralized preseidential republic with a strong executive , germany a federal republic with a relatively weak executive and strong checks and balances that diffuse the political power to the parliament , political parties , federal states and their representatives in the bundesrat . 
  the french president can send soldiers into combat on his own authority , the german bundeskanzler ( in ) can not and has to get parliamentary approval for each and every mandate ( and the mandates have to be tailored so that they can actually pass the bundestag - hence the strong caveats in afghanistan and the non-combat role vs isil and the `` not really combat role '' in mali ) . 
  on top of that the french state thinks nothing of sending soldiers into operations when their foreign policy interests are threatened ( and the french people let them ) whereas the german political body is highly skeptical of such notions and is being watched closely by a public that is even more skeptical ( if not hostile ) to them . 
  germany and france - while simply the largest continental eu countries - are the most unsuitable partners in this dance , because each is thinking of different dances in the first place . 
  the fate of the franco-german brigade is telling in this respect - it was never deployed as a whole into a real operation ( despite paris asking for it quite often ) and i have read that postings to the french component are being seen as career busters by french officers precisely because the brigade is n't going to be deployed anywhere to a real combat mission . 
   will france and germany have 1 minister of defence and have a joint general staff or will they both keep a separate commandostructure ? 
  germany does n't have a general staff in the first place and given how the political body acted of late it has revealed how utterly suspicious of soldiers it still is in the first place . 
  as such the german politicians would never allow for a `` strong '' military command authority as they do n't want to hand people in uniform the power to even raise protest over political decisions ( which is why german generals ussually only kick up a stink via the press after their retirement ) . 
   with all our historical background i think the fact that an eu-army could become reality soon , french , german , dutch and czech soldiers fighting together , makes me proud ... as a german usually its quite difficult to feel proud for something like a country , but for europe , given our history , i really feel proud for every step we take to bring all europeans countries closer together . 
  which once again shows the cluelessness most germans have in military matters . 
  basically just because eveyone is talking about a `` european army '' does n't mean they mean the same things . 
  france , for example , is a highly centralized presidential republic in which the executive is controlling the military , the president can send the military into missions pretty much on his own authority alone . 
  in germany the situation is fundamentally different as the government does not hold the right to deploy the bundeswehr , the bundestag has to sign up to each and every single mandate ( which given the widespread disinclination and skepticism for military deployments in large parts of our society and our political landscape means the mandates have to be tailored so that they can actually pass the parliament ) . 
  that is a fundamental structural difference and neither side can simply give up `` their '' model . 
  and that is before any of the major differences in outlook , political and national interests . 
  as such the idea is simply unworkable for the time being . 
  and even the latter is seen in major parts of the society as but a legalistic trickery that enabled the political body to avoid a general debate on this matter . 
  for many here the content of articles 26 and 87a of the basic law remain unchallenged - trying to play foreign policy with military means is at best unethical , at worst unconstitutional ( if not de jure then in the spirit in which the basic law was created ) . 
  most could n't care less either way . 
  of late the balance may have tipped somewhat towards getting them out of here just to have one less issue the manchild can complain about . 
   why would they , when america pays for them ? 
  and that is the fallacy of this thinking . 
  people do n't believe the spending is necessary in the first place nor do they believe the us does anything for them . 
  you folks pay for your own mic and the political aspirations of your own political body . 
  people here do n't see russia as a threat nor are we particularly interested in a foreign policy that habitually uses military force . 
  but it does n't mean we have to reestablish the 1989 bundeswehr with 32 maneuver brigades , either . 
  the days when us bases in germany were about defense ended in 1990 when vii corps was transfered en bloc to the gulf for desert storm . 
  ever since their function was to enable us long-range power projection into the middle east and africa as well as keeping a foot in the door in europe . 
  that germany as a society sees little value in outsized armed forces and overblown defense budgets is a result of the total lack of a military threat , not because of 35k american support and admin troops stationed here . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  have an upvote . 
  not to mention that toyota , nissan or mitsubishi have all far higher sales numbers than any german brand in the us . 
  it 's also in the 2 +4 treaty with a direct reference to the npt . 
  article 3 , section 1 says  ( 1 ) the governments of the federal republic of germany and the german democratic republic reaffirm their renunciation of the manufacture and possession of and control over nuclear , biological and chemical weapons . 
  they declare that the united germany , too , will abide by these commitments . 
  in particular , rights and obligations arising from the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons of 1 july 1968 will continue to apply to the united germany . 
  painted ? 
  nah ... made from solid gold at the very least . 
  maybe with a platinium coating for good measure . 
  and nobody is saying that we do see things the way france does . 
  will you still sing praises when we do things differently because we see things differently ? 
  we could , we just do n't want or need them . 
  the only thing we 've ruled out via the npt and the 2 +4 treaty of 1990 are weapons of mass destruction of any kind .
