  i think most people simply neither feel responsible for anything outside out borders nor do they view military force as something desirable - it 's a necessary evil at best ( but like all evils nobody wants to be too closely associated to it ) . 
  we ( as a society ) do n't perceive a direct military threat and also do n't want to play a security provider for anyone else ( because , after all , we 're not a nuclear power and therefor not in the same league as the big heads of geopolitics ) . 
   it 's 2 damned percent , you can cut costs of bloated welfare and healthcare to cover it easy . 
  it 's obvious that you are n't a politician . 
   take germany for example . 
  should be the strongest military in europe . 
  i fail to understand where that automatic assumption comes from . 
  just because we happen to be the eu 's currently most populous and economically most powerful member i do n't see an automatic need to have that translated into having the strongest military , too . 
  this does n't match our public mentality and self-understanding . 
  i do n't think i need to explain where that comes from ( hint : it began on may 8 1945 ) . 
  actually three facades will show the original stadtschlo\u00df facade , only the one facing the spree will be modern . 
  * pax germanica * ? 
  what has the author been smoking ? 
  and contrary to press articles and memes everywhere pretty much everyone here also knows this . 
  the issue is the perception that if we give `` you '' the finger other states ( in conjunction ) will try to take the arm along with the shoulder . 
  the real problem is that we have two diametrically opposed political economic systems in the ez - the `` south '' who predominantly relied on domestic consumption for gdp generation ( and relied on inflation and currency devaluation to offset the inevitable debt servicing ) and the `` north '' which is export-oriented and competition-minded ( and in which the idea of currency manipulation is about as mad as it gets ) . 
  there is no `` benign compromise '' between those diametrically opposed systems ... which is why the euro is not working ( without going far beyond what `` northern '' taxpayers will tolerate - debt union , banking union , transfer union etc ) . 
   well , at least merkel is n't so bad , leagues better than zensursula . 
  as if that was hard ... [ cynism off ], 
   angela merkel now is the leader of the free world . 
  where is the epic triple facepalm smiley when you need it ? 
  this . 
  the predictions of afd becoming government party are so ridiculously laughable it has actually stopped being amusing weeks ago . 
  without a total majority of their own they ca n't do anything but play the spoiler ... and that is about their entire capability . 
  he was already bulldozed by merkel in the 2009 election and even then it was obvious he only stood up because nobody else would , but he was n't comfortable with that role ( and neither was steinbr\u00fcck in 2013 , for that matter ) . 
  i do n't think he 's going to do that again ... he does n't have to and it 's not exactly what he seems to aspire . 
  tbh i 'm not sure . 
  i think his often aggressive style of ambitious rhetorics and personal drive for position and power would n't sit well with most germans . 
  yup . 
  the bank-provided loans have been replaced by that esfm ( or whatever the correct abbreviation is ) which are essentially taxpayer-funded . 
  the two big greek economic areas before the crash were tourism and shipping ( and how much of that was due to the questionable performance of greek taxation systems remains debatable ) . 
  that is the problem - greece has to import virtually all key components of a modern economy ( energy/oil , medicine , even a lot of food ) . 
  that 's complicating things . 
  to me his succession seems to be more a continuation of what ails the spd at this time : lack of suitable figures . 
  as i see it unless the insane plan of making martin schulz mfa really goes through ( and that would be a real cluster * feep * just 6 months before the election the spd could really do without i think ) the only chance is to park `` someone '' from the spd on the chair of the fm and wait out the elections in september 2017 . 
  a haircut ( or debt cut ) would necessitate for european states ( = taxpayers ) to shoulder the load of debt not repaid . 
  hence the deadlock . 
  which is also my reading . 
  appointing him as chancellor candidate may prove to be a disaster for the spd ( not that gabriel is any better ) . 
   it would give him an office in germany where he can only rise in popularity . 
  i am skeptical if schulz can contain his personal ambition . 
  if he ca n't he may learn the hard way that many germans are wary of overly and overtly ambitious types in politics . 
   nobody belives that , not even you deep down . 
  eu bureaucracy would n't do anything merkel do n't want or do n't approve . 
  that is precisely the kind of paranoid scapegoating that undermines your position from the outset . 
  if you join a club and violate its membership rules said club is going to do something about it . 
  yes , germany does have power within the eu - we hold the biggest purse . 
  that 's all . 
  even tiny malta has the same veto and even more relative voting power than we do . 
  so if you and your compatriots really think this way there is always article 50 . 
  but then you probably like the billions brussels sends every year too much . 
  so you play the special snowflake . 
  but do n't be surprised if others stop listening to you at some point . 
  err , no . 
  despite the bs coming from the pis mouthpieces it is not berlin which is not taking a liking to thevso-called reforms pis is enforcing , it 's the institutions of the eu . 
  because said `` reforms '' run counter to core membership rules of the eu . 
  if anything berlin has been very quiet on the issue . 
  do n't you know that wurst ( of any sort ) is considered a divine product ? 
  because only god knows what went into it . 
  the edit was called for , the first version was not acceptable . 
  i apologize for that . 
   to see german 's denying responsibility for that , makes me wan na vomit . 
  admitting responsibility is an entirely different issue . 
  do not imply we deny that . 
  the issue is that certain polish political circles are trying to ride this horse for their own ends . 
  the international court of justice ( the un 's highest tribunal ) has already rejected that on principle after italy 's highest court had ruled differently in 2008 . 
   the icj rejected italy 's argument that states ' immunity did not apply in cases of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by one country 's army on the territory of another country . 
  not to mention that we do n't have to , anyway . 
  but as long as it gives people like mr. kaczynski and his ministers a boner ... 
  and literally no german alive or in a decisionmaking position had anything to do with what happened during the nazi rule , either . 
  the greeks tried to ride that particular horse during the financial crisis as well , it only served to toughen public attitudes here . 
  the times of waving the rhetorical nazi bat and the stupid germans come running with the checkbook drawn are over . 
  [ yoda voice ] * strong the butthurt in this one is . 
  * [ / yoda voice ], 
  what for ? 
  seriously ... those times are over , long over . 
  done and dusted . 
  the entire region has lost any semblence of `` german land '' , there have been generations of russians and poles born and raised in these areas . 
  for them it 's home , as for the quickly shrinking number of east prussians born before 1945 . 
  today it 's but a paragraph in history books and nothing more . 
  not to mention that the oder-neisse-border was cast in concrete as far as we 're concerned by the 1991 treaty with poland . 
  and nobody sane here wants them , anyway . 
  the only idiots ranting about that are the unintelligent loonies from the far right fringe . 
  as such - non-issue . 
   our commemoration of world war 1 is all about the futility of the war and the loss of life . 
  that 's only part of the vibes i get over here . 
  oh , the events themselves are totally sombre , i agree there . 
  but there is , as i said , a background noise surrounding them that gives out very different vibes . 
  and i say that as a german who remembers the stupid allegations to `` back then '' over pretty much any topic ( no matter how far-fetched and dumb ) that cropped up so often in the 1990s , that thankfully began to recede in the early 2000s but now seem to be making a comeback due to the toxic arguments surrounding the brexit debate . 
  the eu , whatever else it may have mutated into in the meantime , also has its roots ( as an idea ) in the bonehouse of verdun and the senseless slaughter of ww1 . 
  in the franco-german perception it was primarily supposed to break the vicious circle of intra-european conflicts by providing not only an economic forum for cooperation and mutual benefit but also a political forum in which disagreements were to be sorted out peacefully . 
  as such the connection is there ( in a way ) . 
  the other problem - near perfectly displayed by the telegraph `` article '' - is that a good dlice of the `` background noise '' surrounding the peculiar british commemoration culture also seemingly contains enough evidence of not commemoration but a glorification of a didtant national past , a seeming confirmation of a society that still lives in the past and clings to it because ( warning !, 
  dumb stereotype alert ! ), 
  the here and now and especially the future does n't hold much to look up to and look forward to . 
  unfortunately the `` article '' and your reavtion play into that perception , too . 
  most germans would n't even know what passchendaele is . 
  some may point to a ( imo pretty good ) belgian cheese but almost nobody would make any connection to ww1 . 
  and if they were told i bet most would simply roll their eyes and mumble something about brits and ancient history . 
  as such a rather typical british tabloid ( and the torygraph really descended into those dark depths of depravity and stupidy years ago ) wannabe-tempest in a very small cup .
