  not so in germany . 
  to make a long story short : during the cold war the bundeswehr was little more than a service provider , it provided nato with manpower and material and the political establishment in west germany had nothing to do with real defense policy but pay for the needs and make sure the system is running ( aka conscription ) . 
  during that time west germany had no hope of guaranteeing its own security , it was utterly dependant on nato ( and especially the us ) for that . 
  the result was a `` strategic remote control '' of german defense policy by nato and washington . 
  german politicians had to sell the decisions made in brussels or washington to the domestic audience and little else . 
  through this process ( stretching over four decades ) any sense of responsibility for and capability to act rationally in this area of politics was lost . 
  german politicians these days come from a thoroughly demilitarized society , they rise through the ranks on domestic issues whereas foreign policy or defense issues are seen as destroyers of careers . 
  they never dealt with such issues , do n't understand them , see them as a danger to their careers and therefor they avoid the topic like the plague . 
  the second aspect is the complete lack of a perceived military threat in germany ( and that is despite the recent incidents in paris and brussels ) . 
  people do n't perceive a need for robust military capabilities - which translates into a lack of demand on the side of the sovereign . 
  combine that with the aversion of politicians to dabble in the `` defense issues '' pond you get a basic `` this is not my problem '' attitude in both society and political establishment . 
  hence the indifference . 
  i have no idea what you are trying to say , but it 's obvious that you have no idea about how the german systems for education and health work . 
  most citizens over her could n't care less about the state of the bundeswehr . 
  for many it 's a weird bunch of jokers who 'd fail in `` real life '' ( aka the civilian economy ) , anyway , while others still see the military as a basin for closet-nazis and military fetishists . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/597046/raf-to-run-out-of-bomber-parts  however , last night senior whitehall sources confirmed that air chief marshal sir andrew pulford has recently placed both italy 's aeronautica militare and germany 's luftwaffe , which operate the same variants of gr4 tornado as the uk , on standby . 
  britain operates eight gr4 tornados as part of the so-called coalition of the willing against islamic state . 
  making his announcement on tuesday , mr fallon also reprieved the 100-year-old 12 squadron , which was technically scrapped last year , until 2017 . 
  a senior source said last night : `` the margins for spares are thin but they were manageable as things stood . 
  `` however , this week 's announcement has added an extra strain . 
  syria is very different to iraq . 
  `` there are more targets and the chances of a gr4 suffering damage are consequently higher . '' he added that there were three vital components that were potentially problematic , though he refused to identify them on security grounds . 
  `` there are three sensitive parts , in particular , over which availability is causing some concern , '' he said . 
  `` at this stage we do n't know whether germany or italy can spare them , since they have their own commitments , but the request has been made . '', 
  ps : for me the original link does n't load , but i found the synopsis and the same link on a milblog site i frequent . 
  i think it 's primarily still in service as carrier of a nuclear-tipped stand-off weapon because the b2s are so damned expensive . 
  true , but then we 're talking about a us system which is drastically different to the european ones ( they can actually `` throw money at it '' ) . 
  in the us the b52s are still a cornerstone of their national nuclear deterrence and its producer is large enough to be able to uphold production of spare parts for a rather small batch of aircraft . 
  the same can not be said for the tornado producers where the aircraft is an also-ran by now and - given the economical situation of defense industries across europe - they 've long since gone over to `` produce as you order '' kind of logistics ( majority owners of panavia gmbh are bae and airbus btw ) . 
  but production capacities in both majority owners have long since shifted to other projects and their utilization for other purposes has to be planned long in advance . 
  bottom line : yes , the lack of spare parts is partially homemade , but the age of the weapon system plays its part as well . 
  not quite . 
  it was one of the first multinational projects ( and one of the few that actually worked rather well ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panavia_tornado two-seat aircraft initially destined as fighter-bomber and low-level strike aircraft , the brits used an air defense version until recently and some nations ( i.e. 
  germany and italy ) have ecr versions suited for sead missions . 
  well , to be frank the raf recently admitted having similar issues with spare parts for tornados . 
  apparently the age of the system is showing , but then the general ( un ) readiness of the bundeswehr is systemic . 
  curing it will take years ( if it 's possible at all ) . 
  yup . 
  i do n't think he 's looking for such a confrontation and he 's quite old . 
  i think he 's more likely to retire after this term , but you never know ... 
  * laughter * good one . 
  no , i find her quite boring , but given the `` quality '' ( or rather not-quality ) of the rest of the political bunch i greatly prefer a boring pragmatic at the helm . 
  i personally detest her `` management by helicopter '' and her constant refusal to have even a single honest and open debate , but whenever i take a look at the sorry rest of them my toenails start curling and i have to look away in disgust . 
  did n't say that . 
  but for merkel the old saying `` among the blind the one-eyed is king '' really fits . 
  i have a very ( very very very ) low opinion of misere , mostly due to his self-serving grandstanding while treating the bundeswehr soldiers ( who told him in no uncertain terms that his policies were stupid ) like unintelligent bothersome children . 
  for me the guy is an ugly apparatchik , a faceless bureaucrat and * paragraphenreiter * . 
  if the cdu puts him up as successor for merkel i 'll certainly not make my cross behind his name . 
  that 's for sure . 
  maybe within the oxygen-starved atmosphere of `` spaceship berlin '' , but i do n't see him having the public standing to have a serious chance . 
  people remember his empty platitudes from when he was serving as minister of defense and his current `` actions '' have the same whiff of big words but little substance . 
  misere has been damaged by his term as minister of defense and especially the eurohawk affair and vdl is currently busy trying not to fall into a similar trap . 
  does n't mean much . 
  the other parties have an almost insurmountable problem : they lack candidates that could realistically challenge merkel . 
  the majority of them are either drab bureaucrats and uninspiring at best . 
  none has the character and public standing to have a realistic chance to win a federal election . 
  the difference is cultural . 
  in the uk and france public opinion accepts the use of military force as a political tool whereas in germany there is a very large majority at least skeptical of such notions ( and many even downright hostile to them ) . 
  to cut a very long and very confusing story short : most germans think the military is something that should be used only for the one war , forced upon us by an outside attacker ( but not a terrorist organization ) and not to support political machinations in countries far away . 
  as a result german politicians have laid off military engagements as much as they could . 
  any deployment was basically due to foreign pressure to participate and yet it was always the smallest and least intensive response possible . 
  why ? 
  because the political price at home , whether real or imagined makes no difference in this case , was always considered to be far too great and no politician wanted to answer pointed questions - either by the people or by his own party . 
  hardly surprising - given the fact that to this date no government post-1990 has ever dared to list `` national interests '' of the federal republic . 
  bottom line : germany is utterly inward-looking in its mentality and the view of armed forces is very , very different than in the uk and france . 
  harmonizing such opposing views is kinda like squaring a circle aka pretty pointless . 
  this is what i was wondering , too . 
  given the scope of weapons systems in dire need of replacing it seems quite weird to `` dilute '' the recent defense spending increase by adding another 50000 troops . 
  unless the new government is going to increase defense spending even more the budget would be diluted by higher manpower costs leaving less for the incredible number of weapon system replacements that are due . 
  now , now ... the importance of thanksgiving in the us has historical roots , something that never existed at least here in germany . 
  hence the relative unimportance of this day over here . 
  look at the small print : said forces are overwhelmingly geared towards support , the bases are there to make power projection into the middle east and if necessary africa easier . 
  in germany itself there is iirc only one stryker bct and one fighter squadron ( semi-permanently ? 
  ) , the rest is support . 
  if you want to move them , be my guest , but i somehow doubt our polish neighbors had that force composition in mind . 
  of course , she was one of the signatories of that notorious `` open letter '' , but she drew one central lesson from that affair ... and has stayed as far away from any military or defense issues as possible ever since . 
  hence her constant lip service and tokenism on the international scene and her complete silence at home . 
  if you think these forces will have a combat mandate then think again . 
  afaik it 's going to be a reinforced recon company plus support forces . 
  they 're not going there to kick in doors and cause a ruckus ... 
  the supreme unwillingness of the german society to tolerate combat missions ( or military missions in general ) remains the same . 
  any deployment under merkel has been either inherited from previous governments or a mere reaction to foreign pressure ( and then at the lowest possible level and without a direct combat mandate ) . 
  a merkel-led government proposing a combat mission ? 
  oh , please ... 
  that 's the stuff that happens if you do sub-contracting . 
  honestly curious : did n't osbourne only very recently discover a death-star-sized hole in his budget ? 
  and were n't the old plans already underfunded by a considerable margin ? 
  for starters there is no agreement pretty much anywhere what `` union problems '' actually are and even less on how to solve them . 
  that 's a fact , a thread that runs through pretty much all policy fields . 
  as for your last sentence : a return to the old economic alliance ( with a few benefitial assets on top ) is about the only realistic and sustainable thing . 
  i am not prepared to sanction federalisation and all the sordid details that entails . 
  but then i have a very `` british '' view of the eu for a german , perhaps because i grew up in the gdr and did n't have to drink the `` eu kool aid '' . 
  but there are two glaring problems in your reasoning : a ) the `` turkish problem '' and the ambivalent behavior of turkey vis-a-vis the syrian issue . 
  i have the distinct impression that erdogan is more interested in supporting daesh in order to see assad fall than to find a solution . 
  b ) the saudi support for wahabism as the ideological breeding ground for sunni islamism . 
  is there a realistic chance to sort out either ? 
  i do n't see it , hence my impression that a stiff neck and a focus on cleaning our our domestic messes is about the only realistic way of dealing with such things . 
  blowing up some daesh tankers in the syrian boondocks may be satisfying , but in the end the power vacuum that allowed it to rise in the first place would still be present . 
  and who would fill that once daesh is gone ?
