  the impression here is that other nations want german money but neither german input nor german ideas . 
  as such we pass . 
  are we actually building up our military ? 
  i hear german politicians talk , but when i look at what they do then i see they are not really doing anything . 
  and do you know why ? 
  because they know we , their constituency , are not interested . 
  in fact they have n't even brought up the issue with us , they shy away from a debate because they know they 'd lose . 
  and they are not prepared to pay the political price . 
  as such : very much ado about nothing . 
   you 've got to put on your big boy pants and take your place in the world . 
  bit embarrassing for a country as economically and diplomatically strong as germany to still be bothered by name calling . 
  actually we 'd prefer to be left alone to deal with our own teutonic messes ( and there are certainly enough of them ) . 
  we just do n't think any more nations doing `` great power dickwaving '' is going to be helpful . 
  how about understanding that we are simply not interested in playing that game washington , paris , moscow , beijing or london are playing ? 
  concerning `` killing everyone '' there are a few other nations which have a much higher propensity to use military force these days ... like the us , like russia . 
  oh and do n't they also have nuclear weapons and we do n't ? 
  how about you get your mental environment out of 1945 and into 2017 . 
  maybe that could help . 
  he ended conscription years after it had lost any semblemce of fair application and made no sense whatsoever anymore . 
  and i was talking about resurrecting conscription , something that some folks seem to think of as `` silver bullet '' ( even though that would simply be pointless and politically so costly the political body will simply not touch it with a 20-light-year long pike ) . 
  if people ever wondered why germans ca n't be arsed to care about military issues ... look at this thread here . 
  as soon as the keywords `` germany '' and `` military '' get mentioned in one sentence it triggers an unthinking knee-jerk reaction of outdated stereotypes , stupid jokes and comments that simply make one cringe . 
  i see no reason to make such a connection . 
  we 'd certainly have the largest budget but where are the supposed soldiers for that `` biggest army '' cime from ? 
  we ca n't find enough for the current bonsai army , who thinks more money would change that ? 
  and please no talk of conscription . 
  no politician is that suicidal . 
  there are literally tons of potential issues - from the partner not getting a job in the region ( or having one where they are now ) to questions of getting childcare , medical services ( especially in more rural areas ) to getting apartments or houses ... 
  the list could be long . 
   this would mean that one of the biggest disputes regarding uniting armed forces of france and germany is resolved . 
  that would be a huge breakthrough . 
  if two use the same words it does n't necessarily mean they are talking about the exactly same thing , though . 
  there are a number of things that can have this end like csdp before . 
  germany will have a federal election in september and even though a victory of the cdu is not yet totally set in stone ( we 're a country of coalition governments after all ) i am pretty sure von der leyen will not remain minister of defense after that date . 
  she has smashed far too much porcellaine between the political bureaucracy and the soldiers to be accepted by the latter for much longer , her showy `` actionism '' ( which many considered utterly self-serving and completely focused on her getting some good headlines in the media ) in the recent `` scandals '' has soured relations with the military to the point of them not being truly salvageable anymore . 
  it remains to be seen who could potentially be her successor but von der leyen is unique in her dogmatic belief in `` europe '' because of her priveleged upbringing as part of the `` european political nobility '' . 
  i read a study from uni m\u00fcnster just yesterday ( only commercially available ) analyzing public opinion and political decisions over the recent decade on military matters which comes to a simple yet very significant conclusion : germans may tolerate foreign deployments for humanitarian purposes but categorially refuse any combat deployment and no government headed by either merkel or her spd rivals will dare going against that red thread of public attitudes . 
  that , however , will set up a new round of tension with paris , because the latter would be forced to do the tough part ( potential combat deployments ) every single time . 
  that is difficult if not impossible to envision given the overstretch of french military resources given the multiple parallel operations it is involved in and the impression ( not least in french public opinion ) that they 'd be the ones doing the `` heavy lifting '' while germany would focus on support and training only ( just as the uk and the us said many times ) . 
  the study comes to the conclusion that the somewhat iconic answer given by one german to a rand poll in 1991 is still valid ( even though broadened to `` someone else '' instead of `` to the americans '' ) :  war is something we leave to the americans . 
  even ignoring the second issue there is one thing that will cause tensions between berlin and paris and that is `` national priorities '' . 
  berlin can not afford to ignore the east of the eu and the situation with russia . 
  the region is of much greater significance to germany than the sahel zone could ever be so given the very limited resources we could play nothing but a supporting role there , anyway . 
  there will be a point when political and military considerations will make a no necessary , even if it was to go against french interests . 
  maybe we 've already reached that point since yesterday newspapers here revealed that of some 120 aircrew positions for the tiger combat helos we only have 62 filled with only 18 of those having the flight hours and the proficiency to be deployed outside germany - because those are the flight instructors themselves . 
  the recent deployment to of helos mali has been heavily criticized by many here because it perpetualizes the manpower crisis within german army aviation and is but a political fig leaf to avoid international criticism for the political body in berlin . 
  `` die eiserne lady '' - the german translation for margret thatcher 's nickname . 
  `` eiern '' in german can be translated as `` to wobble '' . 
  so in english it would be `` the wobbling lady '' . 
  because for the most part every contractor nation was fighting to get the biggest piece of the production cake - which makes assembly and production pretty time consuming and slow . 
  secondly attitudes to the aircraft 's role and capability demands greatly differed which makes a unified standard pretty much impossible to achieve . 
  for example the uk spent considerable money to advance the introduction of air-to-ground munitions into the ef because they needed them given the age and wear of many of their tornados whereas germany was stalling things as the government did n't need such capabilities and limited its financial participation . 
  also german efs do n't have the pirate irst system simply for cost reasons which sets `` our '' efs apart from those of the other user nations . 
  interoperability is a key issue of nato and france has a nearly completely domestic weapons arsenal on its aircraft ( i.e. 
  magic ii instead of aim-9 , asraam or iris-t ) that no other nato member uses or has certified on its aircraft ( which is a time - and money-consuming process these days ) . 
  i remember an article in a military journal last year that spoke of some of the problems for the planned combined tank design as french `` it standards '' and interface technology sometimes differs greatly from the standards most other nations use . 
  my question was aimed at the french state 's habit of demanding the lion 's share of workload from multinational projects , extracting know-how and then walking off in a pretend-huff to do its own thing ( think boxer and vcbi ) . 
  the kind of haughtiness that french officials exude on these matters does n't exactly make them more trustworthy to other states . 
  i know for example there are a lot of reservations with development and procurement projects within the german political and military leadership as past experiences have been in some cases quite negative . 
  or , as one officer said : `` when the french say ` europe ' they actually mean ` france ' . '', 
  addenum : i do n't think the issue of nuclear capability can be solved as such . 
  france uses unique domestically produced nuclear weapons with their own proprietary language , interface and systems . 
  afair nuclear sharing using us b61 bombs only works by installing a very specific additional instrument panel and system upgrade to `` integrate '' the weapons ' functionality into the aircraft systems . 
  since nobody but french aircraft will be able to carry french-made nuclear weapons i doubt anyone else would be willing to pay for something only france could actually use . 
  and france is n't going to get closer to the us in nuclear questions , either , so we 've found a showstopper in this pretty early on . 
  is n't the major problem with a lot of french weaponry that they are incompatible with us-based technology ( which is de facto nato standard and in use everywhere else ) ? 
  as far as i remember that was one of the problems encountered during the lybia campaign where french munitions could not be used on non-french aircraft . 
  i suppose the same is true for the french nuclear weapon systems as well ... which france understandably keeps under tight wraps . 
  morning !, 
  in that case i apologize as well . 
  i still do n't believe our political body is honest because they 're afraid of us , the constituency , but `` talk the talk '' to avoid stress on the international level . 
  could it be we 're talking about different things ( und aneinander vorbei ) ? 
  i thought you were talking about a full `` eu army '' ( incl integration and all ) but now i 'm not so sure . 
  i still do n't believe that this latest talk about `` european defense '' will really get anywhere , though ( partially because i think our own political body is n't honest and only talks without wanting to * do * , partially because i know the french view quite a bit and that one is pretty `` absolute '' as well ) . 
  and what good is the `` support of the german state '' when its population balks at something it does to the point where said population refuses to follow the political ideas of its elite ? 
  i mean we 're a democracy - if a political party propagates ideas that do n't sit well with the society the latter can voice its displeasure through not voting for said party . 
  and guess what happens after a resounding electoral defeat ? 
  usually a change in party leadership and often an `` adjustment '' of the party 's political program . 
  look - i follow security and defense policy issues in this country which is precisely why i strongly warn anyone of taking a single german politician seriously in these areas . 
  they talk the talk but their domestic silence and a complete lack of serious actions betrays their duplicity as they do n't have the intention to `` walk the walk '' ( so to speak ) . 
  they do n't even dare engage their own constituency in a normal democratic debate lest said constituency could demand a political decision that could cost them in the international arena or at home . 
  the cowards simply are n't prepared to do their effing job at home and abroad ... so why would anyone seriously risk their security and link with a state whose political body is even too craven to hold normal debates as usual in democratic societies ? 
   in your eagernes to try to be patronizing in your lack of actual understanding of military structures you are just making yourself look ignorant . 
  you accusing me of a lack of understanding military structures while propagating an utterly unworldly view of military and political considerations just shows how little most germans these days know of `` hard power '' and political machinations . 
  anyway i 'm out of here , i have better stuff to do than trying to debunk the whooly notions of people who think `` good intentions '' are enough . 
  well ... the road to hell is plasted with good intentions , is n't it ? 
  if you really ask that question i 'm afraid you 're utterly naive . 
  `` integrated military '' automatically means `` integrated political decisionmaking '' . 
  because it was already clear to clausewitz that the military is a tool of politics and does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  i say political cultures are relevant because nations ca n't and wo n't agree to political ( and military ) integration if their very own specific cultures are in danger of being overruled by the cultures of larger and less reluctant member states ( france in this case ) . 
  really ... 
  i find the almost childlike trust in `` eu army and then everything will be fine '' somewhat amusing but also despair at the lack of worldliness its proponents show . 
  and now please look at what kind of `` missions '' both states do . 
  i did , on the official pages of their militaries . 
  all of them are peacekeeping , policing or training missions . 
  none are combat deployments . 
  they are not even remotely comparable to what france did in mali or the central african republic . 
  that is the french `` standard '' , not soldiers handing out sweets to children . 
  that 's the second poll with this result . 
  poll no 1 from june 2015 : http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-27/ poll no 2 from may 22 this year http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/05/23/natos-image-improves-on-both-sides-of-atlantic/pg_2017-05-23-nato-00-06/ i 'd say that is a consistent picture .
