  and when the sovereign ( the german people ) thinks being a `` bigger switzerland '' is the best course of action ( which does n't need much of a military , anyway ) the state of the bundeswehr should be of no surprise . 
  just look at the pew poll over nato from last year ( where 58 % of those polled rejected the use of force to `` defend '' a nato ally ) or the other one in which only 18 % of germans would even be willing to fight for the country . 
   besides why would you , the biggest issue the german armed forces face that limits their operational capability is corruption , not lack of funding . 
  it 's not corruption , it 's a fundamental lack of responsibility within the procurement bureaucracy - which nobody before cared about because ...  and the reason it 's not involved internationally is a lack of will . 
  ... the german political body has no idea what to do with the bundeswehr . 
  politically it 's not only inopportune to talk about `` using military means for political purposes '' , it 's actually kind of a taboo ( * causa k\u00f6hler * anyone ? ), 
  military capabilities were simply not an issue , nobody in the political scene was asking for them so procurement was pretty much entirely about propping up certain domestic defense contractors ... in parts far beyond the point of common sense ( nh-90 , a400m ) . 
   neither will be solved by a bigger budget . 
  correct . 
  2 % of the german gdp would equate to 58 billion euros ... compared to now that would be another 25 billion euros . 
  to call such an increase unlikely is understating it by a considerable margin . 
  http://www.nato.int/cps/de/natohq/official_texts_25468.htm?selectedlocale=en it 's called `` nato - russia founding act '' and dates back to 1997 ( iirc ) . 
  breaking news ... meanwhile in china : bag of rice has fallen over . 
  so far no information on casualties . 
  experts puzzled . 
  `` should n't have happened . '', 
   patriotism is a sense of national investment . 
  a self-loathing population who take no pride in the accomplishments of their ancestors , or the quality of living they collectively have achieved , can not hope to unite around a broader european identity . 
  well ... and now look at how germany functions without much of this `` sense of national investment '' . 
  our history has been virtually reduced to those 12 dark years , any `` achievements '' prior have been either delegitimized because of their incompatibility of our modern political correctness , completely forgotten or have been tainted by national-socialist abuse . 
  the american journalist eric hansen wrote about germany that he was frightened by the lack of patriotism and the lack of identification many germans feel towards the german state and its institutions . 
  there is nothing in our past that germans look back at with pride ... unless you 're talking about wins at the football world cup . 
   so why does germany keep on functioning regardless of that lack of `` national investment '' ? 
  could it be that the concept of patriotism is insufficient to explain it , maybe even that `` patriotism '' per se is an insufficient and somewhat artificial term ? 
  would have been funny had the ministers `` wined and dined '' to the fullest and afterwards told their hosts :  thanks for the dinner , but it wo n't change the coming ban of weapons sales to saudi arabia ... , 
   it 's just not suitable to be the leading political and ideological nation of the eu . 
  [ cheap populism ] ah , so it 's only * suitable * to be the cash cow that hands over money whenever asked , no strings attached , of course , but shuts up otherwise ... [ / cheap populism ] the problem is that there is no `` suitable nation '' to lead according to the lines you envision . 
  there only three of sufficient size , population and economical stats - the uk , france and germany . 
  of these three the uk is an outlier because it never signed up to some of the aspirations of european integration and because they defend their national interests with vigor . 
  which leaves france or germany ... but france is not in the eu because of high-flying dreams or `` head in the clouds '' - rhetorics and - to be brutally honest - neither is germany ( or anyone else ) . 
  french politicians and institutions have always seen europe as a means to further and enhance french interests . 
  they do it unashamedly so ( and imo that is a lot more honest than the blather about `` shared destiny '' or `` unity '' ) , in a way similar to the danes ( who have opted out of several eu-wide policies ) and the brits . 
  the only problem with our german politicians is the stultifying political correctness that 's covering this country , its media and institutions like mildew . 
  as a mainstream politician you need to `` talk the talk '' of eu integration almost like a religious mantra . 
  otherwise the forces of political correctness will be after you like nothing else . 
  imo it would be high time for honesty : european integration in the sense some folks talk about it wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  it does not have political and especially no societal majorities because every nation finds other aspects unacceptable . 
  would the french accept a serious cut of their social safety network for `` eu-wide harmonization '' ? 
  hardly . 
  same as german taxpayers would resist any attempts at automatic fiscal transfers or polish voters would ( or rather : do ) resist any attempts at quota-based distribution of refugees . 
  but as it is most germans are not interested in paying anyone else 's bills in the first place . 
  which is why all of that will remain political blather . 
  there are no democratic majorities for such a course of action . 
  but us ordianry dolts payed for it via a ) the costs of the agenda 2010 reforms ( which we pretty much carried alone ) and especially b ) a rather weak currency which drove up costs for important goods like fuel or gas . 
  and on top of that comes the wage restraint that had been in place since the 1990s . 
  it 's not as if that `` export advantage '' has been without costs ... 
  me personally ? 
  looking at my payment sheet at the end of the month that is not really apparent . 
  but if you 're talking about a select few , those with money and connections , sure , they profited . 
  actually german politicians have to pay lip-service to the * must-not-be-questioned * ideology of `` ever closer union '' unless they want to become the target of the german division of the eu thought police . 
  the article clearly states that `` german politicians seem to have lose faith in common governance '' ... 
  so why do n't they articulate that ? 
  because if you do you 'll be labeled a nationalist/proto-nazi/closet europhob or whatever tosh the media comes up with . 
  imo it was no coincidence that the afd was generating pretty good interest values ( for german parties , that is ) right from the start simply because they seemed to offer a euroskeptic alternative that was n't wedded to the ideology that drove other mainstream parties into supporting even the biggest nonsense . 
  yeah , right ... france ** demanded ** germany 's consent to a common currency in exchange for french consent to german reunification . 
  and then french newspapers published headlines like `` modern versailles '' or `` germany will pay '' ... what , if i may ask directly , is that if not outright blackmail ? 
  germans never wanted the euro in the first place and we never agreed to any joint liabilities . 
  if you want to blame someone for the euro look at paris . 
  they blackmailed kohl into consent . 
  trump 's popularity comes exactly from his `` non-membership '' of the usual political circles , a phenomenon that can be seen in various other countries as well . 
  i 'd not see any policies as set in stone for all eternity . 
  am i ? 
  look at that other reply i gave further down . 
  for me the only role the bundeswehr could play is as a major conventional reserve force for territorial defense , but only if other states stopped trying to drag us into their interventions abroad . 
  that is a question german politics has yet to answer . 
  right now membership is pretty much inherited from previous generations . 
  bollocks ... east germany was plundered just like the rest of the soviet zone . 
  right up to 1989 the gdr was getting `` advantageous contracts '' for oil and gas , meaning we got prices that were n't outrageously inflated but had to pay in hard foreign currency which was always scarce . 
  and do n't look too closely at how long and how much stuff was taken by the soviets as reparations for ww2 . 
   a fair response and an understandable mindset by the german people , but this must stop , this is not the world of 1945 or even of 1990 . 
  why ? 
  i mean , seriously , why should germany change its ingrained culture of non-belligerence and its habitual dicomfort with military affairs ? 
  because others say so ? 
  quite frankly if people ca n't come up with reasons why this or that is in the direct and personal interest you wo n't get public support and without that any changes to a fundamental mindset are impossible . 
  modern germans are a product of our history and the setup of our state , our parochialism and inward-looking attitude is a result of both . 
  the same forces that now lament our lack of military culture , lack of outward-looking instincts and especially our fiscal conservatism were happy to stoke the same instincts for decades . 
  and to make matters worse the same forces are lamenting political decisions and public mindsets in a way that looks , sounds and feels like disingenious calls not for `` leadership '' ( the term in which such demands are usually couched ) but german consent to policies and concepts drawn up in the thinktank scene orbiting around the pentagon and the us department of foreign affairs . 
  my personal opinion : the world is not ready to really accept german political concepts and ideas ( aka leadership ) that are n't coming under the `` there is no alternative '' moniker . 
  look back at the euro crisis and how quickly `` godwin 's law '' was enacted as soon as it became clear that germany would not sign up to permanent alimentation and open-ended liabilities . 
  so do n't expect germans to step so far outside of their comfort zone on a topic as problematic and emotionally charged as military affairs . 
  addenum : i , personally , would be in favor of basing a german brigade in the baltics and transform the bundeswehr into what it should be - the backbone of the european conventional defense . 
  but only if at the same time both washington and paris shut up about wanting us to play auxiliaries for their interventions in places far away . 
  deal ? 
  correct , but i am prepared to take that hit . 
  sometimes a system needs to learn through pain and the financial sector certainly does . 
  then you have n't looked at public opinion in the us too closely . 
  right now it 's rather only the political system that keeps the us engaged in the world , public opinion ( or at least a very broad stretch of it ) is leaning very much towards isolationism . 
  many people in the us are tired of wars , tired of the financial burden and tired of international politics ... and they may actually cast their vote accordingly . 
  if that * private banking institute * goes bust then it surely will have effects on the german economy , but i ca n't be arsed to feel any kind of remorse for their potential demise as the only thing `` deutsch '' about this bank is the name ... 
  the rest is the usual financial casino . 
   in essence germans are not happy because us is planning to commit to defending east europe thus later down the line germans might find it harder to weasel out of their obligations to do the same . 
  the reality is that many germans rather believe the baltic nations and a part of poland are utterly paranoid and/or have an axe to grind with russia and therefor like to snipe at moscow from the cover of the herd . 
  as i said i do n't take sides in this fight , because i can understand both sides to a degree . 
  understandable , but not clear-sighted nontheless . 
  we face three major elections this year and in 2017 : us presidential elections , french presidential elections ( 2017 ) and german federal elections ( 2017 ) . 
  if you add the brexit-vote there will be another major vote to watch . 
  three of those have the potential to shatter any kind of structure we 're currently having : the vote in the us ( isolationism , anyone ? 
  ) , the brexit vote ( which would be a punch in the gut for the eu and would lead to some really nasty developments ) and the french election ( marine le pen , anyone ? ) . 
  again , i am not casting my vote either way in this respect , but you need to realize that by going the bilateral way you still may break any ( however strained ) unity in nato and may end up with empty hands . 
  and then what ?
