  the russian economy is woefully unbalanced , riddled with corruption and nepotism and has the size of the italian one to boot . 
  russia these days is awfully close to helmut schmidt 's quip that the soviet union was actually `` upper volta with nuclear missiles '' . 
  without their nuclear arsenal i doubt anyone would give them a second thought ... but given their economic vulnerability all their `` military might '' seems to be based on quicksand . 
  or why did they recently announce to modernize over 3k old t-80s - which were supposed to be scrapped and replaced by the new super duper t-14 ? 
  this is certainly true . 
  what i 'm saying is that germans do n't give much credibility to military capabilities because of the societal memory of the fact that no amount of spending could have enabled west germany to actually guarantee its sovereignty or defend itself without outside help for a single day . 
  that shapes attitudes . 
  namely that many people here view conventional military capabilities as pointless fluff that can be `` trumped '' ( no pun intended ) by a power wielding nuclear weapons . 
   thanks for the condescension , much appreciated . 
  i suppose i 'm too much of a dummy to understand what you 're saying because it makes no sense to me . 
  sorry if you feel it 's condescension , i meant it as exasperation for a pseudo-argument that is bollocks in the extreme . 
   we are paying for us troops being deployed to europe . 
  which is a tiny tiny fraction of the entire us defense budget . 
  and before you ask - germany does pay for part of the basing costs . 
  remember last year when obama `` quadrupled '' us military expenditures in europe itself to 3.4 billion $ ... given an overall defense budget of more than 500 billion $ that amounts not even to a p * ss in a wildfire . 
   we have many troops in europe , many would be there regardless of a russian threat but many would not . 
  look at the force composition and you 'll realize that of the 60k troops about 50k are support elements that enable us power projection into the middle east and africa . 
  if we take a closer look at your main bases in germany we find ramstein afb as main logistics hub for any deployment of us forces into the mena region ( and reportedly the central hub for all us drone ops ) , landstuhl as the central medical installation that takes pretty much any casualty suffered in these deployments and then three training areas which are being used for multinational exercises and training . 
  prior to the recent ( temporary ) deployment of a heavy brigade combat team to poland there were exactly two light infantry formations in europe ( 2nd cavalry regiment in germany and an airborne bct in italy ) . 
  so please do n't insult my intelligence and claim that all of those are for `` defense '' purposes , especially not those of `` europe '' or even `` germany '' . 
   but guess what ? 
  it is also in our interest to have europe defend europe as much as possible . 
  i never doubted that . 
  i am simply saying that defense spending is always a function of national interests and not a zero-sum-game . 
  the assumption that if germany were to virtually double its defense spending the us could lower its by the same amount is baseless and even your own president has declared of wanting to * increase * your defense budget . 
  that means your argument is simply based on wrong premises . 
   germany receives special attention because it is arguably the most powerful country in europe and would be a lynch-pin of any nato efforts in europe . 
  the low spending is but a function of a socio-political culture that attributes no real importance to military affairs and is loath to play a greater role in them . 
  maybe this latest attempt can prod german politics into spending more but it certainly wo n't prod german society into supporting more military activism or any `` greater role '' . 
  no matter whether we spend 2 % of gdp on defense or not , the complaints will remain . 
  it 'll be just the content of them which changes . 
  well post-war germany could * never * defend or even guarantee its sovereignty all by itself . 
  never , not a single day . 
  we could n't when we had 12 divisions and 32 maneuver brigades forming one of the most powerful mechanized armies in europe , we ca n't today ... are you seriously surprised that germans do n't see themselves as protector for anyone if we never could protect ourselves on our own ? 
   so germany does n't have anything to fear from terrorist organizations , which by the way can successfully trigger an article 5 vote ? 
  we see terrorism as petty crime to be dealt with by police and maybe intelligence . 
  we do n't have that military bite reflex that the us showed post 9/11 or the french post bataclan . 
  our society ticks differently . 
   then leave , it makes no difference . 
  simply put given our societal mentality that would be more honest . 
   germany is very strong economically and can easily field an effective military presence . 
  they should be leading from the front on fulfilling nato obligations . 
  the completely ignores the cultural malus of the military in post-war germany . 
  just because we 're economically successful we are n't automatically a state capable of setting up a powerful military . 
  drawing that unthinking conclusion from just a glance at our gdp is one of the biggest mistakes other countries can do . 
  we may be kind of like a giant , but a giant who is afraid of stepping on anyone else 's toes . 
  you 're right - i would n't `` rely '' on germany in these matters , either . 
  but if you live on a hill twenty kilometers from the next river then an insurance against flooding damage is n't going to be high on your list of priorities . 
   if germany spends 27 billion more , we can spend 27 billion less or on something else . 
  if you seriously believe that you 're fodder for any bs some idiot with an agenda feeds you . 
  the us spends as much money on defense because it supports us interests , not to pay into some virtual account of `` nato '' or `` europe '' . 
  please stop falling prey to that naive fallacy . 
   yes , the poster boy for a defensive mindset in which germany has to rely on other nations to defend itself . 
  given the absence of a perceived military threat germans will simply give you a funny look and maybe ask back `` defense against whom ? '', 
  the lack of a `` perceived need '' goes very far in explaining the current situation . 
   germany should either meet its pledges or lose the holier than thou attitude . 
  quite honestly i also wish german politicians would shut the f *** up . 
  but they seem to be unable to keep their mouths shut . 
  to be honest : i see nato membership as some kind of inheritance from a previous generation but one that is n't underpinned by * true * societal support ( and i mean willingness to spend and especially to actually play any role in military affairs ) . 
  the way much of our society `` ticks '' a neutrality clause in our constitution would fit the * zeitgeist * much better than nato membership . 
  that is a real problem . 
   of course the operational need for more and better hardware exists . 
  the reference to aircraft carriers falls flat on its face for countries which have no socio-political culture that actually views that kind of power projection as desirable or necessary . 
  germany is kind of the poster boy for this kind of `` defensive mindset '' . 
  we just do n't have the culture that views the kind of military antics like france , the uk or the us often pull as something we ought to do as well . 
  quite the contrary , in fact . 
   i personally believe that with enough incentives you can fill the german army with as many people as are needed you could n't , sorry there 's no other way to say it . 
  quite simply the military is utterly interwoven with the regulations for other state employees which means you ca n't spend insane amounts of money on their pay without having to raise the pay of other state employees by the same amount ( which nobody would even try and nobody could afford ) . 
  secondly you grossly underestimate the social malus of the military , people who join up ( especially in times of a booming economy ) are being viewed as pathetic failures who could n't even get a proper job when the economy needs workforce . 
  the kind of reform or cultural change that could `` solve '' ( or rather circumvent ) either issue is just not possible in germany . 
  no politician would dare even look at it and the society writ large sees no reason to change , either . 
   on regards to russia : if its not a threat then what is the point of being in nato?its clear that a potential conflict involving nato and russia will probably be in the baltic states and the german army will have to perform there unless the baltic states are abandoned . 
  nato in cold war and nato these days were very different beasts . 
  back then the soviet union and its followers in warsaw pact were powerful enough ( economically and militarily ) to make even countries further removed from the frontline feel directly threatened . 
  additionally the mixture of soviet military doctrine ( which demanded offensives to fight a potential war on the territory of the adversary ) mixed with the underlying ideological aspiration of `` world revolution '' ( however realistic that one may have ever been ) was enough to gild differences between the member states in the face of a universally felt threat . 
  russia these days is far less powerful economically and militarily and that makes countries not directly `` on the frontlines '' far less likely to actually feel threatened by russian antics . 
  that nato membership factually binds all members to the defense of those states which feel threatened is being either ignored ( something societies are pretty good at ) or being talked down `` if we do n't poke them , they ai n't gon na poke us , either . '', 
  it 's bullcr@p in tenth potency . 
  we do n't want to `` lead '' anyone , thank you very milking much . 
  in fact most germans would prefer to be left alone to deal with our own lives . 
   germany , the new ` leader of the free world ' good gosh , can we finally dispense with that particular hyperbole , please ? 
  it 's really starting to get on my nerves , you know . 
  on the surface , yes , but quite honestly the german society sees no point to build any military force for a conflict with russia . 
  for starters we do n't see them as a threat and do n't consider ourselves to be in `` their league '' because they are a nuclear power and we are n't . 
  secondly you wo n't find enough germans to actually sign up to serve - partially because of the cultural malus the military has here , partially because the civilian economy also looks for workforce , pays much better , is less invasive concerning one 's personal life and does n't ask you to risk your life if push comes to shove . 
  addenum : even in the last years of the cold war the rate of conscious objectors ( = those refusing to serve in the bundeswehr , instead they served in social jobs ) rose to such heights that government and military got really bad headaches over even retaining the number of troops they had achieved . 
  there were projections from the mid-1980s that by 1992 ( without the fall of the wall , that is ) the bundeswehr would no longer be able to man all its formations because so many young men chose the alternative social service . 
  telling , ai n't it ? 
  actually it would have been much better if germany had been left to manage its heavy forces instead of being prodded into turning the bundeswehr into an auxiliary force for other countries ' interventionist policies ( which our society never really supported , anyway ) . 
  especially the costs of afghanistan have hollowed out structures because it had to be paid from the existing defense budget . 
  but you 're right in so far that the bundeswehr is not even remotely comparable to militaries like those of the us or israel . 
  our socio-political culture does n't have a real use for one outside a clear-cut self-defense scenario and that one became supremely unlikely with the collapse of the warsaw pact and the withdrawal of soviet/russian forces from east germany . 
   there is no way that there is a political will to get the spending to 2 % in germany at the moment . 
  i am pretty sure they will just go on ignoring them and work to integrate european armies more to say ` look we do more in nato , we just reduce costs through working together ' . 
  pretty much this . 
  although one could always be very polite and say * `` dear mr secretary mattis , please be aware that the budgetary sovereignty of germany rests with the bundestag and it will allocate the budget according to our national priorities and our timetable ... '' * and if you want to be brutally honest one can add * '' ... but certainly not to pander to that twitter-addicted mercurial man-child in the white house , thank you very milking much . 
  '' * first the `` stable of augias '' that is the civil-military bureaucracy and especially the procurement system has to be cleansed ( if necessary with the help of a flamethrower ) . 
  anything else would be throwing good money down a leaky drain . 
   you 're saying economists worldwide are making up excuses for the fiscal union because they 're all trying to pad southern europeans ' pockets at the expense of the german taxpayer ? 
  why would they do that ?
