  it is unsustainable , you 're damned right on this . 
  but i am neither prepared to cut the economic branch we 're sitting on ( not with china and asia in general rising ) nor do i trust any political establishment in europe not to avoid making hard decisions . 
  which is why i would greatly prefer an orderly dissolution of the euro . 
  quite honestly i have a few folks on hartz among my immediate relatives and i know most of these simply do n't have the skills to fill `` high-skill jobs '' ( most have the misfortune of having started working in gdr times ) . 
  when looking at current job offerings you can easily spot that university education is often a basic requirement ( and i ca n't offer that for example ) . 
  on top of that white collar jobs here need to have the vocational training certificate , something many folks do n't have , either . 
  it 's a luxury out of the 1980s ? 
  macron is first and foremost the president of france . 
  which means he will have to tell his own people a few nasty realities such as that the `` cherished '' 35-hour-week is a hedonistic luxury france can no longer afford or that the overprotection of those employed is actually raising barriers against employing those seeking it . 
  you do n't need to move to a manchester-type hire & fire system , far from it , but he will have to first demonstrate he can push through reforms against the socialist unions and ingrained entitlement beliefs . 
  that 's going to be hard enough ... addenum : the spd basically changed its position overnight when they lost the election in schleswig-holstein . 
  when gabriel was talking too loudly of `` economic and fiscal union '' people actually flocked to the cdu camp ( a similar issue was visible in north rhine - westfalia last sunday with a good slice of voters voting cdu because of the `` international environment '' ) . 
  the spd has learned the hard way that the mood in the german society is utterly hostile to any joint liabilities , budgets or anything that would be construed as `` germany pays ... again '' . 
  the article mentioned that and i think this is spot on . 
   every time i get into these discussions on reddit some german tries the `` it ca n't be done because it 's too complicated '' argument . 
  you think there are no other countries with federal structures and structurally disadvantaged regions ? 
  yet they have found ways to adjust . 
  agenda 2010 clearly shows germany , too , is capable of far-reaching labour-market reforms . 
  apples and oranges , i 'm afraid . 
  the agenda 2010 was focused on issues firmly in the hands of the government , even though aspects of it were delegated to federal state level as matters of practicality . 
  federal structure reforms in germany constantly run into the same issues time and time again : the municipalities and federal states want money from the government but are not prepared to give it a say on matters of their responsibility ( which , quite frankly , reminds me of the situation in all of the eurozone : ez states would like german funds but do n't want german economic thinking or a german voice in what to do with them ) . 
  i know of at least three attempts at reforming ( streamlining ) the german federal model and they all broke down not because of party power politics but because some minor characters on the federal or even municipal level kept clinging to `` their prerogatives '' with all they had . 
  and these people ca n't be overruled , either , because the federal structure and the diffusion of responsibilities is deeply embedded into the basic law ( as a response of the power concentration during the 3rd reich ) . 
   nobody wants the breakup of the eurozone , but the completely irresponsible conduct of the german government is unnecessarily dragging out the crisis . 
  seen from here quite a number of societies and especially political bodies in other countries have needlessly dragged out the crisis by avoiding to face the music , come clean with themselves , understand that unsustainable social spending is n't a basic human right and calcified jobs markets need reform because debt-financed state expenses will ( and have ) come up against a hard ceiling . 
  france ( with its hedonistic 35-hour-week ) and italy ( with its political paralysis ) are prime examples of defered political reforms , defered because political bodies have looked more towards their own careers than to their responsibilities on their national level . 
  sorry , if the `` cure '' for europe is for germany to join the rest already hanging with a noose around their necks then i can actually live without that `` cure '' very well . 
  merkel would have to convince her own party ( of which a good amount of mps rejected the last greek bailout as a form of `` rebellion '' ) and especially the german population . 
  if you 've read the article you know the mood for that just is n't there , in fact the mere idea is seen as a `` vision of hell '' . 
   the german government is barred from setting wages directly , but there are many policy tools that would push employers in the right direction ( increasing the minimum wage , which increases wages across the board , reforming hartz iv so that people are no longer pushed into extremely low-paying/underpaying jobs en masse and instead are given more options to retrain , increasing public investment ( in infrastructure , green tech etc ) ) . 
  minimum wage is not going to be raised by much if any . 
  there are entire branches in structurally disadvantaged regions ( especially in the east of germany ) where paying already the minimum wage is a strain for the companies ( often smes ) . 
  those that can afford to pay more already do ( because otherwise they do n't get the workforce they need ) . 
  it 's a two-sided blade and it can cut both ways ... and as for investment : i get the argument , but there are two problems . 
  the first is the federal structure of germany which delegates lots of responsibilities to municipal or federal state levels . 
  many problems with decaying infrastructure come from these two areas - local communities and federal states struggling with insufficient income , old debt , high outlays and responsibilities they ca n't meet . 
  the federal government ca n't simply throw money at them , the structure ca n't absorb the funds . 
  a reform is not simple , either , several attempts to do just that have stalled since 2000 ( the old question of power balance , you know ) . 
   you would just need to make sure wage increases are disproportionately high on the low end of the scale ( e.g. 
  by raising the minimum wage ) and you would see an increase in public consumption immediately as low-income people would finally be able to afford larger purchases that they had been holding off on due to the lack of funds ( cars , household appliances , vacations , clothing , replacing worn or broken items , school items for the kids ) , using more services ( going to the hairdresser 's more frequently , eating out more etc ) , spending more on regular purchases ( buying higher-quality food and household items instead of the cheapest thing on the shelf ) etc. 
  would n't it help the lower income groups more to scale back the value-added tax by one or two percent ( or better even the three percent by which it was raised last ) ? 
  the problem with low income groups is that often their jobs either exist as such or they do n't exist at all . 
  which , factually , they 're barred from . 
  they could fiddle with non-wage labor costs , but given the liabilities already inside the german federal system ( * cough * pension system * cough * ) and the problems with financing them already visible on the horizont there is simply little incentive and even less sense in actually going that route . 
  additionally it must be asked whether much if any of that would not end up on the already existing german savings accounts . 
  saving for your old age was always something very `` german '' , since the late 1990s it has become imperative given the turnaround on the demographic pyramid ( aging society with less and less workforce ) and a turnover pension system that relies on workforce paying for current pensioners . 
  i certainly would n't know what to do with a wage increase ( i actually chose a different model - i exchanged 2.5 % wage increase for additional vacation days ) , it would end up on my savings account ( despite the low interest rates ) . 
  as the immortal goethe said ...  sir , my need is sore . 
  spirits that i 've cited , my commands ignore . 
  petry allied with the hardcore right-wing that had infiltrated the original afd under lucke in order to oust the founder of the party and the civic-conservative wing . 
  now that she did n't want to do what the * basement nazis * around h\u00f6cke , gauland and their national-chauvinistic cabal want they have sidelined her as well . 
  dodgy dave did n't ask for change , he had painted himself into a corner domestically and had to ask for cherrypicking of cherrypicking for the uk , for benefits without responsibilities . 
  that was always going to be a non-starter . 
  they 're desperately trying to find said brakes while the train is rushing towards the crumbled bridge over a deep canyon . 
   finally , germany , which had always been uninterested in european defense , relying on nato to protect its territory if necessary , decided to become involved in favor of european strategic autonomy . 
  now that 's a strange reading ... could it be self-delusion ? 
  i know france has a peculiar way of viewing these things , but i think the pundits and journalists should not overindulge in reading this the way they 'd like to , because that would not match reality . 
  what the merkel government has done is to offer a compromise ( that does n't hurt them too much in the domestic arena ) in exchange for expectations of france complying with german ideas in another field of politics . 
  germany is not seeing the world like france nor are we going to become enthusiastic `` policeman for africa '' . 
  the current deployment to mali of german helicopters is not sustainable , can not go on forever and is pretty much the extend of what could be done at this point , perhaps even more than what would be sensible . 
  there have been numerous voices arguing against sending the helos because it perpetualizes the crisis of german army aviation ( because currently only the flight instructors have enough flight hours for such deployments ... meaning they ca n't train other pilots when they 're deployed ) . 
  that rouses some unpleasant memories ... 
  and yet , underlying it all , are fundamentally different concepts ... it depends on the `` culture '' of a country what populations will agree to and what not . 
  the fault line `` north vs south '' does n't exist because of coincidence , we have two distinct and very different socio-political camps when it comes to economics and finances . 
  once the `` price '' of the compromises necessary to put these two opposing camps under one roof i bet there will be public outcries of anger in more than one country . 
  that is the central `` self-delusiuon '' of the eu - politicians everywhere have always kept the nitty-gritty details and ugly compromises away from public scrutiny so a ) populations are not truly aware of what they 'd have to swallow and b ) are being kept in the dark about these things . 
  is n't that the best recipe for another big domestic and international blowout ? 
  quite simply much that has happened in the eu for the last ten to twenty years is the result of states and governments seemingly agreeing in public but factually meaning entirely different things in reality . 
  let 's take the underlying difference between france and germany in areas of fiscal and military affairs . 
  we often hear or read similar statements by both governments on `` european defense '' , but factually both sides mean their resoective point of view . 
  for france this usually means harnessing european resources for military deployments to africa , the central area of french strategic focus . 
  for germany this means building connections between armed forces , getting used to their different methods and views but not taking part in one intervention after the other in areas people here wo n't find on a globe without google ( not to mention that the constituency here does n't like such deployments ) . 
  and on fiscal matters the `` battle lines '' between france and germany have been clear since the 1980s : france always wanted fiscal union but is not really keen on full political union ( because its political establishment does not like to lose any sovereignty and independence but would like to be top dog and decide ) while germany is clear that political union must predate further fiscal integration ( unrealistic given that fifteen other nations would have to sign up to this and i doubt public mood in any country will allow that ) . 
  nobody here believes that anymore . 
  there is virtually zero trust in the reliability of the greek political body . 
   which as a by product , helped boost france standings . 
  and france gave up on trying to stop nato influence when it pulled out in the 60 's as it understood that nato was nescessary for europe ( even if it wasnt for them ) . 
  uh , you are aware that sarkozy only returned to nato integrated command because he realized he would n't get the kind of following in the eu for his csdp ideas that he wanted ? 
  i do n't think that ideological divide atlanticists - eurocentrists is actually decided . 
  i think it is but papered over , ready to erupt again at any point over any possible cause . 
   thats like saying it acted as australias envoy in the eu . 
  it 's not an envoy when you both believe the same thing . 
  when seen from the distance of continental europe britian has at times really behaved like a well-trained lapdog of the us in questions of foreign policy . 
  the iraq controversy may have been the most public and divisive issue to serve as an example but there was always the obvious ( and at times very upfront ) deferal of london to washington 's preferences in many issues . 
  which is why i mentioned the suez crisis : france and the uk acted fundamentally differently to being put down by the us and the ussr . 
  france decided to refuse a strategic downgrade and attempt an alternative alliance within europe ( which , frankly spoken , has failed because all that exists is lip service ) while the uk decided not to get on the us 's bad side ever again ( losing much of its factual foreign policy independence in the process ) . 
  you 're quite right . 
  i see it this way : nobody is willing to make the compromises needed for a fix . 
  so the only way out of this mess is an orderly dissolution of the euro . 
  and vice versa ... 
  which imo shows the stupidy of a common currency , even if just because the underlying cultures are so different . 
  i thought it still was the royal army . 
  what 's it called these days ? 
  the german view is simply that the economy creates jobs and growth , not state spending . 
  the state can but support the economy with a supportive regulatory environment and maybe some counter-cyclical spending - if the state has the money to do that . 
  if a state has lived beyond its means then only cuts and austerity can scale back the level of the state to a sustainable and healthy level . 
  that is simply the view that matches public attitudes towards money and sensible finances . 
  i think sch\u00e4uble is merely pointing out that no eu country is willing to transfer a major part of its sovereignty to brussels as a prerequisite for any deepening of a `` fiscal union '' . 
  not even france ( in germany this would require a change of constitution , something that is difficult to envision given the hurdles and the public climate over such matters ) . 
  that 's always the problem with reforms - please reform someone else , not me .
