   they plan to have 2,300 armata t-14 's by 2020 , which is n't a unrealistic expectation . 
  that was wishful thinking two years ago and given the financial woes of the russian state that number is unachievable today . 
  a second aspect is that the company which had developed the t-14 went bancrupt in early summer this year . 
  and a third layer is that various component systems of the t-14 are not yet implemented or even available . 
  what exactly happens to the t-14 project remains speculation at this point . 
  the entire t-80 line was scheduled to be scrapped and update projects to older lines such as the t-72b3 were only meant to be stopgap solutions until the introduction of the t-14 in greater numbers ( there is , for example , no further t-90 production for the russian army , and they operate a few hundred of those at best ) . 
  the problems the idea ran into ... see above . 
  the russian intent was to move away from the t-72 , t-90 and t-80 line and replace it entirely with the new system , but a refurbishment of 3000 t-80s shows that something is off with the basic intention . 
  given that they 've recently decided to modernize around 3000 mothballed t-80s ( which they had intended to scrap ) it seems the armata project has run into some serious issues ( of the financial sort ? 
  unclear at this point . 
  the hardcore left wing of die linke certainly is n't willing to compromise on some of its views - like dissolution of nato , prohibition of deploying german forces outside our borders etc - but at the same time the spd imo ca n't really risk putting all its eggs into * that * basket , because it may backfire by people voting tactically to avoid that particular coalition . 
  ever since 2005 i 've always given my vote to a small party that never made it into the parliament ( freie w\u00e4hler ) . 
  if schulz really runs i may actually swallow my nausea and vote cdu . 
  ca n't stand that guy . 
   well , another possibility : that there be two eu military groups , a defense group and an expeditionary group . 
  the latter could potentially consist only of france . 
  the idea makes no sense for one simple reason : without france ( and france * will * balk at it because of its unique strategic outlook ) the entire scheme becomes pointless because of two reasons . 
  first and foremost it would deprive `` european defense '' of its sole remaining nuclear power . 
  secondly it would put germany into the seat of the lead nation , something neither us germans nor anyone else would be comfortable with . 
   i am not a huge fan of the eu army concept in the absence of a common foreign policy [ ... ] i am not a fan of an eu army in general , because i believe its existance would presuppose the existance of a `` european people '' and a `` european state '' . 
  neither is realistic in the short - nor the medium term and uncertain even in the long term . 
   i do n't ... you 'll have to explain why this would invalidate us fighting together . 
  basically germany ( and several other nato member states ) treated the afghanistan deployment as `` stabilization mission '' and not as full-fledged combat mission . 
  german roes for example prevented active combat for most of the time - this was n't eased until 2009/2010 and then only under the impression of both the situation on the ground and growing international pressure . 
  there was serious strift between two opposing camps - those who operated in southern afghanistan ( a true combat deployment ) and those who kept out of that region and did not engage in combat operations . 
  germany was singled out because of our size ... basically - as one isaf officer once said - most participants only signed up for a `` stabilization mission '' , a little bit of peacekeeping and some low-level security for the rebuilding of the country . 
  most never wanted to be engaged in real combat , least of all the coin ops that were common in the south . 
  that reveals the difference between the attitudes of various member states towards the deployment itself and especially towards what their domestic armed forces were allowed to do . 
  a few went the whole way along with the us - the uk out of habit and history , denmark out of political considerations vis-a-vis the us , the canadians , iirc also the dutch - while many did not for reasons that ranged from domestic problems with the mission to a general disinclination to use military force to a lack of resources . 
  the german case was based upon very unfavorable domestic attitudes towards the use of military force * in principle * . 
  the initial mandate for the deployment ( and some other things , like the naval security mission at the horn of africa ) had to be forced through parliament by then-chancellor schr\u00f6der via connecting it with the most powerful tool at his disposal ( and also the one that is the * ultima ratio * of a chancellor here ) - the vote of confidence . 
  a large share of his own coalition - spd and greens - had refused to sign up to the suggested mandate * out of principle * and schr\u00f6der forced them to choose between the mandate going ahead or the downfall of the coalition . 
  the same unease was present in domestic german attitudes - after an initial majority for the deployment ( which was touted as `` stabilization '' ) public support dropped quickly so that by 2009 more than 2/3 of those polled wanted an immediate withdrawal . 
  that is the result of a reversion towards traditional post-war attitudes towards military force - namely that we germans should never use it outside a clear-cut self-defense scenario . 
  as a result of this political and societal lack of support the government designed the mandates ( which had to be renewed every year ) to keep the deployment away from the eye of the public in order to avoid news that would not be received well by the constituency . 
   yes , there would doubtless be horse-trading , but i do n't see a scheme that is roughly-revenue-neutral relative to the status quo being impossible . 
  i think you 're seeing europe as a state , but in reality it 's a collection of sovereign countries who are competing on the international defense market with each other . 
  national jobs in the defense industry are not only high-tech jobs that may have additional bonuses in industries supplying those defense contractors , they also provide relatively high tax returns for the local muncipalities they 're situated in . 
  and quite often the greatest defenders of national sovereignty in this area happen to have their electoral districts in those regions . 
  nobody is willing to give up domestic perks for a nebulous `` european solution '' , peroid . 
  we 're nowhere near that point . 
   well , yeah . 
  everyone 's got their own security concerns , and that 's going to be one of them . 
  there are a number of issues problems with this . 
  a ) the initial impulse for the `` european defense '' idea since 2000 ( in whatever shape or under whatever moniker it comes ) was the franco-british st. malo agreement of 1998 . 
  part of that was the explicit intention to transplant the interventionist strategic cultures and attitudes that both the uk and france have onto the rest of the eu member states . 
  this has failed . 
  with the uk moving out of the eu france is the only state with this socio-political culture and faces a coalition of 26 other members which view `` defense '' in decidedly different terms . 
  and quite a number of them have also very different priorities for their domestic militaries . 
  b ) the red threat of all french strategic documents is `` strategic autonomy '' - nothing must remove this autonomy from the french state and its institutions . 
  so far so good . 
  problem is that this also means that the french political and military bodies are not truly seeking a `` european '' solution , but have sought to transform the other eu members into resource providers for french-led operations in africa that serve predominantly the french foreign policy interest . 
  on the other hand the same bodies are not truly interested in making compromises over different security interests of other member states - mostly visible in the relative french absence over issues on the eastern edge of the eu ( not just because of different military priorities , but also because paris views moscow as a partner in areas it is more interested in - the middle east ) . 
  this is the classic `` have the cake and eat it '' attitude most eu members have towards certain aspects of their membership ... and the reason why the other eu members are n't interested in playing he role paris has in mind for them . 
   huh ? 
  we 've fought alongside a number of countries , especially the uk . 
  remember the afghanistan roe and caveat debate ? 
    got ta be willing to have enough faith in each other enough to know that those production facilities will reliably be available in the future if need be to start shutting down some redundant ones . 
  it 's more difficult . 
  there are vastly different attitudes towards defense industrial assets within the eu . 
  france , for example , keeps a certain level of control over the private companies via serious state-owned shares ( as an aspect of the `` strategic autonomy '' i mentioned earlier ) whereas the german state stays mostly out of such ventures ( exception is airbus because of its history ) which means german-based companies are truly private entities . 
  but airbus is also the prime example of this `` tug-of-war '' between states - in 2011 france and the uk proposed a merger of then eads with bae and a relocation of most activities to the uk and france . 
  of course germany blocked that because it would have cost german jobs ( and national politicians are allergic to giving up domestic jobs over nebulous `` lofty '' ideals like a strategic merger on the european level ) . 
  impossible to say . 
  currently the weak economies are being burdened by another lack of trust - the global economy itself distrusts most of its own major participants . 
  banks are sitting on fiscal reserves because they distrust other banks and companies , companies distrust banks because of past transgressions , stock markets react almost like a manic-depressive to various news ... 
  the entire thing is out of joint . 
  and to make matters worse globalization has greatly reduced the ability of national political bodies to really do something about economic problems - in today 's world of global economic connections money is no longer `` chained '' to a specific `` ecosystem '' for all eternity . 
  if such an `` ecosystem '' takes a turn for the worse that money will simply take a hop across borders to another `` ecosystem '' in which its needs are better served . 
  it 's clear that `` southern '' countries have a long history of generating gdp on the back of domestic consumption ( and rely on inflation and currency devaluation to keep the incurred debt servicable ) , but with them joining the eurozone they got into a decidedly weak position vis-a-vis the `` northern '' states who rely on efficiency , competetiveness and exporting to world markets and who shun currency manipulation ( because that is bad on the international markets ) because they did not have the fiscal capabilities of the latter . 
  and when the crisis hit that vast divide became visible for everyone to see . 
  i think the bottom line is this : by behaving rationally ( aka not blowing money on electoral promises or pampering special interest groups ) political bodies need to first regain the trust of not only their constituencies but especially the world economy . 
  that lack of trust in the rationality of political bodies is what hurt for example greece most ( as it did italy to a certain degree ) . 
  this is , obviously , derived from `` northern '' attitudes to economic thinking where growth is n't an end in itself but must be sustainable over a long timeframe . 
  it does n't generate growth per se , but merely creates the basic environment in which economic activity can once again take place without having to navigate a maze of bureaucratic sleaze . 
  in this thinking the state should not be a direct participant in `` the market '' unless the situation is truly critical , the state 's role should be limited to provide a solid and lawful environment in which economic activity can take place . 
  which , if one takes a close look at it , is exactly the opposite of what many mediterranean member states have done in economic issues for decades . 
  hence the deep divide . 
   i do n't think anyone is suggesting that debt should grow forever . 
  what i think they 're saying is that a temporary increase in public spending could hopefully kickstart a ( desperately needed ) economic recovery . 
  and those leaning towards `` austerity '' counter that this would presuppose a rational behavior on the part of political establishments . 
  the recent decades , however , have revealed that they are anything but rational when it comes to applying keynes ' second dictum - that of austerity in boom times to reduce the debt incurred in downturns - and instead plow full speed ahead even deeper into debt because of career considerations ( = to finance electoral promises ) . 
  this is factual reality in pretty much all countries ( case in point : the spd exacted concessions from the cdu/csu on some of their electoral promises here in germany after signing the coalition treaty - despite numerous voices questioning the sustainability of those measures . ), 
  bottom line : investments do n't just require money - they require even more trust . 
  and trust is what the crisis wiped out even more than financial stocks . 
  i am fully aware of that story , do n't worry . 
   and `` doing an alexander '' ... well , i do n't think there is a viable real-life use for that analogy . 
  there is no `` silver bullet '' solution and neither is there an all-concquering leadership figure with enough pull to pick a sword and cut that knot . 
   but what i mean is that the lack of competency is the core of the issue . 
  the eu ca n't have the competency because of political disunity and the eu ca n't resolve the disunity because it lacks the competency to do so . 
  until that gordian knot gets cut , any eu army would be useless . 
  i agree ... but i do n't think this knot is going to be untied anytime soon . 
  eu integration at * this level * is simply premature by a few generations , if not a century or two . 
  we 're nowhere near the point where it actually could work . 
  so my inbuilt streak of pragmatism points to doing what is possible , not pampering some utopian wonderland that is n't going to materialize out of a whisp of smoke . 
   i 'm not convinced the eu will ever get the ultimate responsibility for defense , because that would undermine any national claim to sovereignty . 
  even if the world will pass us europeans by if we choose to act alone instead of making a united stand . 
  correct . 
  in my opinion european integration beyond a certain point can only work when it 's being supported by overwhelming majorities ( and i mean ** overwhelming ** ) in each and every member state . 
  and i am not just talking about the lofty principle , i am talking about all the sordid details , warts and all .
