  some of the damage even points to post-fact explosions - either through a turkish airstrike or a deliberate detonation ( to achieve better `` propaganda '' ? ) . 
  at augengeradeaus an old tanker questioned some of the photos because the ammo rack cover in the rear is open on a destroyed tank whose turret has been blown off but the ammo rack itself is intact ( which after an internal detonation could n't be the case ) . 
  but alas ... we 're doing exactly the kind of `` reading tea leaves '' that should n't be done just from such photos . 
  daesh is known to operate specially trained anti-tank teams that `` seep '' through the frontlines and attack from `` unexpected directions '' . 
  which is especially possible when photos show tanks that are protected from the front by a sand wall . 
  which means the area was not properly secured by accompanying turkish infantry . 
  do n't accuse others of `` spewing nonsense '' while linking to a german press article on military affairs . 
  have n't you learnt by now that german journalists ( except a handful of experts ) have no clue of military affairs in general and only use them to produce hair-raisingly stupid clickbait articles ? 
  on the turkish losses : it is not really known what exactly happened . 
  tanks in urban environment unsupported by infantry are easy pickings . 
  period . 
  there were some debates on blogs about this and it seems the turkish army has seriously suffered from post-purge issues ( bad command & control , worse coordination between the branches , no true combined arms etc ) . 
  a second aspect is that a turkish leo 2 a4 is at least 25 years old and did not receive any real updates ever since . 
  armor composition was part of the kws program beginning with the leo 2 a5 and was further enhanced in a6 and a6m ( and yet again in a7 ) , another update is planned with the new standard leopard 2 a7v ( fun fact : first german tank in ww1 was designated a7v , too - coincidence ? 
  you would n't compare a mid-1980s m1 abrams with an m1a2 sep v2 of 2016 , either , so do n't even go there . 
  obviously the party is undergoing a movement to make itself as indigestible to conservative voters who do n't dig the national-chauvinist ( and borderline neo-nazi ) cabal around gauland , h\u00f6cke and their ilk as possible ... keep going , afd , maybe your result in september becomes single-digit as more people wake up to what you really are . 
  well , mister fillon also recently urged germany to basically forget its entire socio-political mentality and finally become the military auxiliary french governmental circles always wanted us to become . 
  this guy may have some decent ideas on economic reforms , but on foreign policy he 's a `` true gaullist '' - of the bad sort . 
  i actually agree with plastic here . 
  french authorities have always tried to turn the eu into a resource provider where military affairs were concerned while retaining national prerogatives and every ounce of control they could . 
  french politicians may talk about `` european defense '' but - given their unique worldview - they mean european states underpinning french interests in africa . 
  since the `` force de frappe '' is a strictly national endeavour which france never even brought into nato nuclear planning circles - and which french politicians defend against any `` foreign encroachment '' - it 's not far to speculate that coopting german financial support ( without giving up control of the assets ) was the real goal of the attempt . 
  the `` out of area '' meme that nato adopted post 1990 was never fully accepted within german society in the first place , a real societal debate on the issue was never held as the political body was too craven to allow that . 
  i ca n't truly make comparisons between this deployment and afghanistan , because the current one is much closer to the public view of the bundeswehr as a strictly defensive institution . 
  interventionism in countries far away carries a whiff of `` post-colonial white man 's burden '' and i think this is what many of my countrymen are so allergic to . 
  nope , sorry - the bundeswehr could never stand up to either the soviet army or the russian army . 
  why ? 
  because the latter had nuclear weapons and we do n't . 
  as i said it was political . 
  even the initial mandate over the `` stabilization mission '' was so disruptive and dividing in german politics that schr\u00f6der had to enforce party discipline on his own coalition by connecting the mandate with a vote of confidence ( which is a chancellor 's most stringent tool to enact factional discipline ) . 
  as such the roes were designed to keep the german troops out of trouble and therefor spare the political body trouble back home . 
  like seventy or so ... 
   this is why an ` eu army ' is a far better alternative because nothing can happen to eastern europe without it effecting western europe and the reverse is also true , same with southern europe etc. 
  sorry , but that is eyewash . 
  an eu army is a mythical thing and can not exist without the eu being a state - and we 're generations if not centuries removed from such a possibility . 
  if we ever get to that point , that is . 
  let 's look at the small print . 
  for france `` defense of europe '' means intervening in northern and central africa , something that a pole or a latvian will look at in irritation . 
  at the same time the three most likely candidates for the next french presidency have already made noises about seeking an accomodation with putin , because their interests lie in areas other than central and eastern europe . 
  which , at the same time , those eu members wo n't tolerate one bit . 
  there is much much more like this in the small print , stuff that makes such an `` eu army '' a total waste of breathable air and time ... 
   we can unite , a bit like the swiss , against our enemies . 
  that is why the external threat is good news , because it will force us together . 
  what we need to do is right in front of us : we need to create a europe of defence , of security , which can manage its border policy , which can manage the issue of migration and the threat of terrorism , and which is prepared to take over as the us steps back from the leadership of nato . 
  the problem is we ca n't agree who the `` enemy '' actually is and we certainly ca n't agree on measures to be taken . 
  secondly being a `` world power '' means a will to amass and use power . 
  european integration was initially intended to do away with power politics , balance of power and all the trappings of geopolitics . 
  if the union was designed to eschew such things you 'll have a hard time getting it to make this 180-degree-turn . 
  not to mention that most members are n't actually thrilled by the idea of empowering brussels , not in this area . 
  nope , now expected not before next year . 
  the reasons vary between vibration problems with the starter case and insufficient funding . 
  german troops operate under a stringent medical requirement - if deployed then at any time a medical treatment similar/identical to one possible in germany must be available . 
  as streamlin3d said in afghanistan the german helos had no nighttime certification and therefor a medical evacuation was considered unavailable and troops were prohibited from leaving their camps after dusk ( that particular caveat was removed only in 2009/2010 ) . 
  but that was more political than military , the politicians in berlin did n't care much for the mission and did n't want any trouble generated by it . 
  so they designed roes that ruled out pretty much anything but some token presence ... 
  the motto was `` no news from afghanistan , please , but certainly no bad news '' . 
  iirc one battalion was converted but they 're still ironing out the teething troubles . 
  that and the missing atgm launcher ... 
  it 'll be a while before any puma-equipped unit will be deployed even to an exercise in another country . 
  there is still a lot to work out , mostly procedures and issues in maintenance ( i.e. 
  specialized tool set , lots of electronic stuff , spare parts availability etc ) . 
  i am just allergic to meaningless slogans and whooly notions . 
  now , please do n't go overboard . 
  germany 's mentality and strategic culture has no use for aircraft carriers ... and let 's better not open the can of worms of nuclear arms , shall we ? 
  no taxation without representation . 
  that is a fundamental reality of democracy since the 18th century . 
  a fiscal union without political oversight would amount to taxation ( of germany and the other net payers ) without them being represented at the level where spending is being decided . 
  which is why it wo n't fly ... 
   i do think the countries want leadership and money . 
  all the calls for `` eurobonds '' have been clear revelations of wanting fiscal transfers without the burden of political integration ( and a political body that takes the right for budgetary bungling out of the hands of the troubled states ) . 
  this has been made clear time and time again since 2008 . 
  i think it was hollande who called for eurobonds or fiscal transfers while insisting at the same time he would n't give up an ounce of french sovereignty . 
  that is wanting the cake and eating it ... 
  i have no problem with holding a debate as long as real arguments are being presented and not some whooly notions spun by a political body who would n't know a real defense policy if it was a club that was used to beat it over the head . 
  the problem is other eu members do n't actually want german leadership , they want german ( financial ) patronage ... 
  apparently some countries got too used to germany paying more than its due during the cold war and now are baffled that this unnormal state is n't for all eternity . 
  ah ... `` red sarah '' ... self-styled resurrection of rosa luxemburg , leader of the nutjob `` communist platform '' , unashamed stalin-admirer and neo-stalinist . 
  can be safely ignored as madwoman . 
   with general conscription , you have an army consisting in the most part of soldiers from all levels of society . 
  you 're preaching a myth , you know ? 
  unless the system is both comprehensive and fair enough to actually draft all those capable and the army itself big enough to actually find a use for all those draftees a nation of roughly 80 million people generates you wo n't have a useful draft but the same bullsh * t we had since 1990 with ever shorter service times ( which served no purpose and only existed because the political body was afraid of losing the cheap workers among those who went to the alternative service ) . 
  a draft needs to have a precise and political justification - up to 1989 it was the situation with a divided germany and the soviet forces in the former gdr . 
  and today ? 
  anything but platitudes about `` resilience '' or `` anchoring the armed forces within society '' ? 
  nope ... 
  so unless you are prepared for a political earthquake when berlin has to explain why we suddenly spend 5 % of gdp on defense ( to reactivate all those structures we dismantled since 1990 ) , enlarge the bundeswehr to its maximum of 370,000 people ( to even have a reason to draft in the first place ) and then tell paris , washington and brussels to find someone else to play auxiliary for interventions abroad then be my guest . 
  that old fear of `` state within the state '' is so 1950s and 1960s , it no longer works as a poor excuse to justify a draft system . 
  give me ** real reasons ** and we can debate , as it is the current talk is but political bullsh * t. 
   you are going to have to start functioning in a traditional manner if the eu is to survive . 
  the conondrum is that the eu was built to avoid `` having to function in the traditional manner '' . 
  and this `` traditional manner '' was explicitly rejected by the generation who established the fundaments of our socio-political culture . 
  which is precisely why the attempts by previous us administrations ( and french governments , to be frank ) to prod germany to behave more like the uk have fallen on deaf ears and why german military deployments were always so `` tokenistic '' . 
   and do n't you think in the long run , that is a good thing ? 
  why outsource your defense if you no longer face an existential threat ? 
  it 's not like most germans or their government are in lockstep with us foreign policy . 
  it 's not like france would leave us alone about playing resource provider for their foreign policy in africa , either . 
  so we 'd simply change the capital from which said complaints would emerge . 
    as for being perplexed about your neighbors to the east looking to you for help , you are so much bigger and richer than them , i 'm sure you can understand it . 
  we may be bigger and richer but our mentality does n't make us the right place to look for military potency . 
  that underlying inhibition seems to be insufficiently understood outside germany .
