  basically a shallow demand that germany finally should become the auxiliary force the author wants . 
  not everyone . 
  but those who srayed aloof from sarkozy 's election campaign `` military style '' caught all sorts of flak from the chickenhawks . 
  politics and the energy corporations have destroyed that bridge with filth , dubious practices , `` golden handshakes '' and a general politically tolerated culture of milking the customer via prices and also burdening him via tax-financed storage and environmental protection schemes long ago , decades ago . 
  even before the greens ' message managed to become mainstream people saw what the corporations were doing and how politicians were enabling them ... 
  the most glaring aspect of this was how the previous interim storage at gorleben was chosen - it was n't part of the official report until someone wrote it on the edge of the page with a pencil ... and then it was chosen ( because it was the only location in an spd-governed federal state by a committee dominated by cdu politicians ? ) . 
  the entire system delegetimized itself by engaging in decadent behind-the-scenes-stuff . 
  about a philosophical brainfart of a certain german backbench mp who put the question of nuclear deterrence onto the plate due to the election of trump . 
  given that this guy is a brainless euro federalist woolgatherer he couched that into `` mo federalism '' terms , even though that is politically undoable for the forseeable future . 
  not to mention that he and his colleagues do n't even dare debate on conventional military matters because they 're scared shitless of being destroyed at the ballot box in the german general elections next september . 
  that solution is named salis - strategic airlift interim solution - and has been going on since 2004 . 
  and it 's not just germany , there are a bunch of other nations who signed up : * belgium * luxemburg * norway * czech republic * france * poland * slovakia * slovenia * greece * hungary * uk * finland * sweden generally speaking i find the sub-header rather revealing :  the german military has a contract with russian and ukrainian firms to transport its tanks and large helicopters . 
  ** now the contract is up , mps are asking why germany is dependent on these companies . 
  ** why we 're reyling on them ? 
  because the same idiots who ask such questions refuse to spend money on defense and procure strategic air transport because it could damage their pitiful little careers . 
  because the general voter thinks we 've got nothing to do with conflicts in `` countries far away inhabited by people of whom we know nothing '' . 
  this hoo-haa is but political posturing , some backbenchers and self-appointed `` experts '' want to make themselves look good . 
  it 's not going to happen in 20 years , either , because the basic willingness of the societies to make such big compromises is not there . 
  and if germany catches that big a downturn no `` currency union '' is going to work , anyway . 
  the eu could n't help italy if it went belly-up right now and they are quite a bit behind in gdp terms . 
  if germany goes down the entire eu will catch more than a `` cold '' . 
  sorry , we 're nowhere near that level of `` unity '' and the opinion of john and jane doe is valid because not only their work creates the wealth and the taxes but also because they are the voters in their respective countries . 
  this talk of `` new deal '' sounds really like `` we 're going to build xyz and want germany to pay for that . '', 
  quite frankly german taxpayers will not stand for this . 
  the `` european level '' is in this case irrelevant , germans perceive faults in their immediate everyday environment and want money to be spent on fixing those , not some infrastructure project far away . 
  this is what the eu structural funds are for , not any `` wealth transfers '' or `` investment offensives '' based on the dim hope that this may lift some economies out of the doldrums . 
   but when it comes to a more unitary economic policy across the continent , euro-barometer polling shows wide support . 
  let me play the devil 's advocate here and add the half-sentence they left out : * ... as long as this policy does what i think is best and does n't cost me anything . 
  * or , equally valid , * as long as someone else pays for it * . 
  there is a vast disagreement between the various nations , and not just the politicians , what the `` right '' policy would be . 
  when questions remain suitably vague and unspecific the `` general agreement '' is always there , but the other side of that coin is the nimby attitude of any society within the eu . 
  it 's always fine and dandy as long as it hurts someone else !, 
  and that is why the notion is dead in the water - everybody wants to benefit , but nobody wants to make compromises or sacrifices . 
  let 's be honest about that for once !, 
  yes . 
  a `` transfer union '' is about as poisonous a concept as it gets . 
  would n't that presuppose a split of the ecb as well ? 
  because i ca n't envision the `` north '' accepting the ecb doing things for the `` south '' and vice versa . 
  which is why it wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  the intra-german mechanism has come under severe criticism from the net payers here as well , mostly because the funds are n't being used by the recepients to actually improve things but simply as part of their annual budgets . 
  and there is simply zero societal support for such a mechanism on the european level . 
  the problem is twofold : a ) the euro is not a currency , it 's a political project . 
  as such no politician wants to be `` blamed '' by history of having `` killed '' the euro . 
  b ) as soon as germany leaves all those states who 'd end up on the `` net payer '' side would hightail out of it as well . 
  that would either mean the de facto end of the euro as a whole or some `` southern euro '' remains with the remaining members hoping to salvage something but i 'm skeptical of the chance of that being possible and sustainable . 
  libya was perceived - not without considerable justitfication - as a personal pet project of sarkozy , maybe that 's why . 
   i think you are genuinely being naive in thinking european countries are not willing to use force abroad . 
  i am not that naive , i am just saying that it 's not necessarily that `` intellectual '' view of the role of armed forces that drives decisions . 
  i am too much a cynic and perhaps a realist to think otherwise . 
   the operation in libya is a perfect example , there are plenty of european countries that have that view . 
  really ? 
  i mean - * really * ? 
  or was n't it rather the perception that staying close to the hegemon ( the us ) was considered benefitial by some of the nations ? 
   remember libya was not a us-led operation , it was led by france and the uk . 
  without the us the operation would n't have taken off in the first place . 
  they may have taken a backseat , but their part could n't be substituted by other nations simply for a lack of capabilities . 
  the better example would be mali because here the us is virtually absent and france has had no big success in gaining help from other eu member states until after they browbeat various nations into helping after the paris attacks - and even then the french remain the only non-un fighting force in the country because other nations limit their roles to mostly non-combat . 
  my view is a little bit different . 
  i do not dispute the uniqueness of germany 's position , but i also think that the majority of the smaller european states really do n't dig that interpretation of statecraft ( or rather the view of the role of armed forces ) precisely because they either did n't exist as independent states until the end of ww1 or ww2 ( or the end of the cold war ) and/or were never sufficiently large enough and prosperous enough to be able to afford the `` luxury '' of engaging in issues far beyond their immediate geographical neighborhood . 
  poland , for example , did n't send troops to iraq because they had `` interests '' in iraq , they did so with the clear intention of extracting certain concessions from the military hegemon ( the us ) - namely reliable security guarantees vis-a-vis russia and if possible permanent us military bases on their soil . 
  the majority of nations in europe simply never developed that view because they never were great or even global powers in the modern age . 
   its not imperialism , its statecraft . 
  actually that is a view of statecraft that is directly derived from the age of imperialism . 
  in germany , for example , public mentality and constitutional safeguards make that view impossible to apply ( the ambiguity of the 1994 court of constitution ruling would make a constitutional challenge inevitable if a german government was to initiate such an operation ) . 
  germans these days would react to the notion of deploying military force to '' further interests abroad '' with horrified irritation ( which is also why deployments since the 1990s have been not viewed positively and were perceived as concessions to external expectations ) . 
  i , for starters , do n't think any `` eu defense union '' will ever intervene anywhere - the mentalities and priorities of most eu member states simply make that supremely unlikely . 
  france , however , will only see membership in it as valuable if it is able to turn other eu member states into resource providers for its interest in africa , a role other eu member states have shown to have no interest in . 
  but without france the entire thing lacks critical mass and it would put germany in the driving seat , a situation neither our neighbors nor we germans would be comfortable with . 
  and vice versa . 
  we should not ignore the fact that france with its expeditionary focus is alone ( in the continental eu ) in this regard , all other member states have neither their expeditionary focus nor their specific interests in africa and the middle east . 
  this . 
  herr kiesewetter is just one of those * dampfplauderer * talking out of his @ss . 
  he and his ilk do n't even have the guts to hold a normal debate on the conventional side of military things out of fear of being trounced by the electorate and now he yammers about a `` european '' nuclear deterrent ? 
  pah !, 
  the former does n't sound so nasty . 
   but i do n't see how it wo n't inevitably lead to other countries heading the same way too . 
  i think the impression is that political bodies will always act only in their own vested interests . 
  the greek establishment may be the extreme example of that characteristic , but even in germany the political body is known to , uhm , * utilize * certain things in ways that may be harmful to the country as a whole in the long run but benefit the political representatives in the short run ( think some `` electoral presents '' the spd promised in the 2013 election , especially some of the retirement `` adjustments '' which are simply unsustainable the way they were introduced ) . 
  quite simply : we germans may question aspects of the balanced budget or rather its application in our country , but most are still convinced that given the coming impact of demographic change the time to drive down the debt load is * now * . 
   invest in maintenance , build more transport links or housing the problem with this selection of suggestions is multifold and much of it has its roots in the german federalist structure . 
  for example infrastructure spending is a complex network of country-wide , federal state and even local responsibilities . 
  in a great number of areas the state germany has no authority as it is the responsibility of the federal state or even the local municipality . 
  given the fiscal problems many federal states and the overwhelming majority of municipalities have a good slice of the `` crumbling infrastructure '' is simply down to the lack of money with the authorities responsible for their maintenance ... and for the most part that is not the state of germany in its entirety . 
  ( addenum : and given the tug of war between the various administrative levels on their responsibilities vs those of the federal states vs those of the entire nation the question is tied to many other difficult issues and is not easily resolved . ), 
  the same is true for constructing public housing . 
  the responsibility has been transfered in 2006 to the federal states ( which they demanded ) but given the very limited financial capabilities of most of those federal states they have not been able to meet demand . 
  and again given the deadlock in the negotiations over the reforms of our federal structure there is little chance that much will move in this area . 
  not to mention that there have already been warnings that the german housing market is overheating . 
  ah , you misunderstand the circumstences pertaining sentence you quoted . 
  some companies , especially the large ones , had problems with certain unions which demanded above average wage growth even if the economic environment was n't supportive of that . 
  if you want an example think of the trouble deutsche bahn has with the gdl , the union of train drivers . 
  a small highly specialized union has excessive leverage on the company despite representing only a slice of the employees . 
  it was an attempt to undermine such excessive leverage and ( indirectly ) to reduce the number of unions by having smaller unions merge with larger ones ( to `` streamline '' that `` market '' ) . 
  edit : but in general , yes the bargaining power of the unions was lessened . 
  but much of the wage moderation came from the security for less wage growth deal i talked about earlier . 
  they did n't lower wages , they tried to lower non-wage labor costs . 
  they did so by reforming the regulatory environment to make it far more flexible and a also reformed bunch of individual aspects of social spending . 
  that 's exactly what the paper also said ... 
  uh , germany did not introduce `` structural wage reforms '' - the state has no role in that area unless it pertains to its own employees . 
  wages are being set through independent bargaining between employers and unions .
