  it 's always been like that . 
  the trouble is that today 's generation of politicians are imo too focused on their petty careers and avoid doing tough stuff . 
  merkel , for example , gets away with it due to the good economical situation of most people here . 
  if it were n't the case she would n't stand for reelection and probably would n't be chancellor anymore , either . 
  schr\u00f6der dared to confront public anger with his agenda 2010 and lost his chancellorship as a result . 
  ever since politicians here have been very unwilling to risk their careers over reforms they know are necessary and probably inevitable . 
  i guess every country can tell that story with its own political figures . 
  it is n't , but the french political body is hypicritical in this respect : they wish to harness european resources but do n't want to give anything back ( like tranfering part of their sovereignty to a supranational decisionmaking institution ) . 
  just look at their attempts with csdp and what they call `` european defense '' . 
  they would like to bring all eu members into that structure but then decide what is to be done , where and preferably on someone else 's budget ( partially visible in the csdp op in congo in 2006 ) . 
  and then they 're pissed that no country feels like playing the role of the resource provider they had in mind ? 
  that 's the inherent contradiction within french policies and attitudes , something that us common people probably will never really feel in our everyday lifes but which creates a lot of friction nonetheless . 
  given the circumstances - yes . 
  especially if germany underwent painful reforms under the agenda 2010 and is now expected to shoulder part of the load that is being created by other political bodies not wanting to undergo painful reforms themselves ? 
  and endless debt-financed spending on electoral promises and unsustainable social nets works ? 
  cry me a river . 
  it 's actually a crayfish . 
  i always wondered where cottbus got its coat of arms from ( i come from the region ) . 
  it says mostly that people consider him a viable representative for their interest of * not * becoming the pay-it-all sugardaddy of the eurozone . 
  we should not forget germans were never asked whether we consented to the euro in the first place ... a legacy that drives perceptions and especially fears ( of being the idiot paymaster ) to this day . 
  my comment was meant rather tongue-in-cheek . 
  but seriously ... 
  if you look back at history since the suez crisis you will find a more or less hidden `` jousting '' of the uk and france for their two rival concepts of international alliances : the uk is the atlanticist and nato-centric version ( with itself as number 2 behind the `` top dog '' us ) while france always favored a `` eurocentric '' version which limited us influence and boosted french standings . 
  both have lobbied , cajoled , threatened , walked off in a huff , bluffed and bullied for their respective ideas , sometimes out in the open , sometimes behind the scenes . 
  some even go as far as suggesting that british membership in the eec was but a ploy by washington to get a spoiler into the gears of french machinations ( even though i think this is quite too much of a conspiracy theory - although one ca n't deny that london has acted as washington 's envoy within the eu in a lot of topics ) . 
  imo the british support for eastern and central european states joining was at least partially motivated by being an added bonus - that of making `` deeper integration '' more difficult . 
  of course nobody would say such things openly ... , 
  that is a basic phrase of democracy , in fact the reason why a certain united states of america revolted against their british colonial overlords . 
  and i consider the european parliament not to be the answer to this question ... partially because of unequal voting weights , partially because it does not control an executive nor does it actually represent a unified legal space ( with one tax system ) . 
   france ended up winning that argument . 
  however , the victory was a pyrrhic one , with the currency union ending up suiting germany but not france . 
   same thing could potentially happen this time too if france gets its way . 
  it was not a won argument , it was blatant political blackmail by mitterand . 
  he used the necessary french agreement to german reunification to pressure kohl into giving in ... and people in germany asked if kohl was nuts . 
  and they perceived this for what it was - a blackmail . 
  as far as i know nato guidelines are rather amorphous , containing stuff ( i.e. 
  non-military intelligence and other things ) that have very little to do with military capabilities in the first place . 
  under cameron the uk changed its own definition ( by including `` permitted '' items ) to remain above 2 % . 
  some folks have argued that this was simply to keep the political variable `` 2 % of gdp '' without any real thought given to military capabilities . 
  the result is that several key projects ( such as the new ballistic submarines and their nuclear weaponry , such as the modernisation of the royal army ) have some serious holes in their funding . 
  there are simply too many items on the modernisation list and too little money for all of them , but instead of either spending more on those issues the political body did some `` creative bookkeeping '' to keep overall funds above at 2 % of gdp for political reasons only . 
   you were also the most outspoken supporter of welcoming the new democracies of the former eastern block into the union . 
  although one could argue with some irony that this was but a tactical expedient to make the `` deepening of integration '' the franco-german bloc was talking about at the same time much , much , much more difficult and therefor less likely . 
   i hope that , if germany wants it too , we will achieve it within 10 years . 
  the problem is that both countries essentially mean something different . 
  the same divide has stalled the eu currency talks in the 1980s : germany insisted on a political union before a currency union , france wanted it the other way round ( to avoid losing some of their precious `` sovereignty '' ) . 
  the problem is that the french view amounts to `` taxation without representation '' , something that the german political body ca n't agree to unless the want to end up on the spikes of a pitchfork here in germany . 
  as such this `` ten years '' timeframe is awfully optimistic , especially given the near animous unwillingness ( by pretty much all eu member states ) to consider a political union in the first place . 
  unlikely . 
  i recently checked various `` offers '' for totally unconnected reasons and the majority are based on the specific german `` vocational training '' and the certificate one gets upon completion ( and lots of them seem to be for folks with a university degree as well ) . 
  i spent 6 years as time worker so i know the ups and downs of that . 
  but quite honestly often such jobs are an * either ... or ... * issue : either a `` precarious job '' or no job at all . 
  honestly , people sometimes act as if a `` safe job '' with loads of benefits was their god-given right . 
  i do n't think we can compare the us `` throw money at it until the problem suffocates under the greenbacks '' approach to defense with the german one . 
  how many rebuilds those b-52 still in service have had in their service life ? 
  i bet a few more ( much more costly ones ) than any transall . 
   well , unless someone is trying to raise a small issue to hide larger problems , the stated delay was 12-18 months . 
  frankly , i do not see that as an insurmountable gap . 
  it is an additional delay , on top of the delays that have already occured . 
  as the report states :  that means that germany could face a capability gap in 2021 when its current transport plane , the c-160 transall , is due to be retired from service , the report said . 
  the transalls are ancient , nearly as old as my parents in their early 60s . 
  which means the planes are worn out , spare parts can no longer be procured ( except as custom-made parts which cost a fortune ) and due to the huge number of operating hours the aircraft structures are being held together by bubble gum , wire , duct tape and prayers . 
  stretching their service to 2021 has been a chore already , another stretch might be impossible to achieve . 
  which means germany would be without a viable air transport solution until the a400m becomes fully operational . 
  yes , mitterand literally put the rhetorical gun of france ( as one of the 4 victors of ww2 ) having to formally consent to german reunification into kohl 's chest demanding german participation in the euro . 
  why ? 
  a ) he feared the reemergence of the old nasty germany if not `` bound '' by european structures . 
  b ) during the 1980s france could not compete with the raw power of the d-mark as `` pillar currency '' of europe , a fact that riled french politicians to no end ( because of some weird inferiority complex ? ) . 
  debates about a european currency union had been going on since the late 1970s but had basically bogged down over the same arguments as now : france wanted it in advance of a political union ( to harness german economic power for its national interests without surrendering sovereignty in return ) while germany insisted on political union before monetary union . 
  sounds familiar ? 
   i am wondering more about what you propose that other countries do ? 
  stop pretending that they can have a german-style social net without the economy to sustain that . 
  greece is the prime example here , mixed with political filth , `` special interest networks '' and mafia-style clan structures dominating politics and economy for many years . 
  italy is different , here it is the political calcification and instability of the system ( along with their troubles with the real mafia ) . 
  but essentially the punchline goes like this : they ca n't go on as before the crisis . 
  the old comfy `` social state '' was a mirage . 
  reforms ( to decalcify the economy and especially jobs market ) must be enacted and seen through and they will hurt , not just the common people but also the political representatives . 
  we must stop pretending that we can keep arguing about disbursing funds we do n't have for social niceties while asia rises and becomes ever more powerful thanks to its economies and educated people . 
   should they be more like germany with its wage supression or should i say competetive devaluation/wage deflation ... maybe a bit of own research instead of slinging false platitudes would go a long way with understanding . 
  germany as a state did not `` depress wages '' , the state has no role in wage setting as this is done by the associations of the employers and the respective unions . 
  the state is constitutionally forbidden from meddling in those . 
  what the state did was to reform the non-wage labor costs , the multitude of levies that finance the social net in germany . 
  the so-called `` wage depression '' was the result of unions and employers agreeing to dampen wage growth in exchange for greater job security . 
  thank you ... 
  i , for starters , do n't `` gain '' anything . 
  and secondly we can talk about `` owing '' once the political establishments in these countries stop pretending to their own constituencies that no change is necessary and that politically painful decisions are n't necessary , either . 
  once they come clean and actually do the type of reforms that hurts them ( and not only `` someone else '' , like voters of another party ) then we can talk . 
  and i do mean both france and italy in particular . 
  to put it bluntly : i do n't believe any country in europe is willing and able to transfer this particular part of their national sovereignty to any supranational institution , and particularly not to brussels ( for various reasons ) . 
  i even doubt the sincerity of pretty much any political establishments and their rhetorics ... and to be even more blunt : i have the distinct impression that more than a few see eu membership as anything but an entitlement to funds . 
  because spending `` billions on refugees '' is done within germany , within one legal space with one bureaucracy , one set of rules and one cultural environment . 
  and no matter the inadequacies of those i will trust them far more than any other country . 
  simply because i can vote to change policies here in germany , i ca n't in any other country . 
  you forget one thing :  no taxation without representation . 
  this basic democratic rule is ** not negotiable ** , any `` fiscal union '' demands a `` political union '' in advance . 
  meaning a true `` eu finance minister '' . 
  and that means opening , emptying and sorting out several cans of worms , each of epic dimensions . 
  it will have to be debated nationally in any ez state . 
  just as it is inconceivable that any `` fiscal union '' would come without the `` recepients '' being controlled by a supernational finance ministery it is inconceivable in the `` recepient states '' to hand over their national sovereignty . 
  and that includes france .
