  why ? 
  because , if push really came to shove , those above `` pushing '' would be trounced at the ballot box . 
  i certainly do not take such attitudes and attempts from the german political leadership and even less from the eu level ones . 
  quite frankly : statehood in our times is bound to identity . 
  unless the people develop a common european identity there is not going to be `` solidarity '' and we 're going to see repetitions of the euro crisis ad infinitum . 
  you really want to compare nationbuilding processes of the early middle ages and antiquity with our 21st century and the vastly different social models , educational levels and especially societal hierachies ? 
  really ? 
  germany has had a national unifier - the common language and culture ( derived from a long partially common history ) which provided a fundament which the current eu does n't have . 
  so unless the people carry that process ( and are prepared to swallow the bitter pills that such a unification inevitably entails ) the entire venture will derail rather quickly . 
  or have you missed the euro and refugee crises and how they revealed the narrow limits of what individual nations are willing to accept ? 
  this . 
  the nuclear industry cut off the branch it was sitting on by socializing the costs and privatizing the gains . 
  that so many big energy corporations in germany are now in economic trouble shows how much they relied on the `` comfy bed '' of political filth and economic interests they had depended on and how they 've failed to spot the potential trouble until it was too late . 
  one can ( and should ) debate the way the phasing-out of nuclear power stations has been done , but the industry ( and the political leadership ) made that bed decades ago and as the old adage goes `` you ca n't fool people forever '' . 
  any true `` federalization '' can only come from the people , it 's either a bottom-up-process or it wo n't be a process at all . 
  but we 're so far from the point when such ventures become even thinkable . 
  i think it 'll be a few generations at the very least ( if not a century or two ) before such notions may even become more than vage mirages or theoretical through exercises . 
  as such i do not want any such superstate because it would n't be carried by the people but by the institutions and bureaucrats . 
  that is never a sustainable fundament for any state ... 
  isis is but the latest ( and to date most ruthless ) version of the sickness sunni extremist fundamentalism . 
  it 's like a genie that constantly morphs its apperance and designation . 
  but you 've made your point , i 've made mine . 
  let 's leave it at that ... 
  i was more talking about the immediate aftermath of the fall of saddam and how the us government smashed any political structures they could find and sent home the existing iraqi army . 
  but your statement once again reveals the far too narrow focus on `` security '' ( aka warfighting ) . 
  the ultimate failure were the abysmal ( non-existant ) planning for the post-shooting phase ( see the statements of the british chilcot report ) . 
  what was destroyed in this phase ca n't be won back by ever more troops and combat ops . 
  we all should hold hands and sing kumbaya ? 
  and those who do n't want to hold hands will be forced at gunpoint ? 
  as i said i 'm a cynical bastard and i have drawn lessons from german history - namely that i refuse to grant anyone else the right to decide what i have to think . 
  i do that for myself . 
  and my conclusion is that the muslim world is in the same spot where the christian europe was on the eve of the thirty-years-war with religious nutters stoking unrest and the powers-that-be being content to use them for their little games . 
  it took this monstrous war to drive * that point * home and deflate the religious standoff between catholics and protestants and i am really wondering if a similar lesson is needed to get the muslim world out of its medieval worldview and into the 21st century . 
  learning through pain ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  yeah , i am a cold-hearted bastard , but at least i do n't pretend to be `` better '' or `` more moral '' than others . 
  i do n't see a way for `` the west '' to fix this mess , because i firmly believe the middle east inhabitants do n't want to see it `` fixed '' . 
  what was the first thing the libyans did after ghaddafi 's death ? 
  form militias and fight for the largest share of the loot . 
  apparently the muslim world is riddled with old feuds and hate that was merely suppressed by the old dictators . 
  and just like europe in the 17th century they need to get this `` fight '' out of their system before any lasting solutions could become possible . 
  besides it was not `` the west '' in its entirety but a number of countries who spearheaded the pseudo-humanistic `` crusade '' to `` bring democracy to the middle east '' . 
  my home country was never particularly thrilled about such operations and the one time we really declined to participate we got all kinds of flak ( while the following events proved us right ) . 
  because that prevents radicalization of individuals here in the west ? 
  sorry , ca n't agree with that suggestion . 
  this `` lobbing pgms at everything that looks at me funnily '' looks and feels like doing * something * for the sake of doing * something * . 
  my solution ? 
  build a wall between the mena/mahgreb and europe and segregate both cultural spheres . 
  if the muslim world is so hell-bent on infighting let them - but on their turf and among their people . 
  anyone in europe who tries anything funny gets tossed over the wall on the other side . 
  period . 
  the old lament that only a bit more `` warfighting '' could have `` won '' the wars in the me ... are n't you getting tired of repeating the same nonsense again and again ? 
  the west went into afghanistan without a clear-cut view of what was supposed to be achieved and even less agreement how to achieve anything in the first place . 
  coordination and conceptual debates were n't held until it was long past the point of no return . 
  no goals , no strategies , no communication ... and then the us went into iraq and made the afghanistan clusterf *** look like an unimportant sideshow . 
  * that * military adventure was the great destabilizer in the me and the buck for this stops in washington . 
  do n't point a finger at us here in europe , enough people told your government outright that they were being crazy . 
  funny to see how the equivalent of a child 's `` dear santa ... '' wishlist gets so many knickers in a twist . 
  the german `` white book '' neither a binding document for all of government nor should anyone expect a change to the currect situation . 
  why ? 
  because as soon some kind of shooting starts `` somewhere '' german politicians will revert to being `` voices of caution '' and call for `` diplomacy '' and `` talks '' . 
  as such ... the entire thing is blown out of proportion . 
  the suited clowns in berlin do n't even dare to talk to their own constituency about defense affairs ( because of the expected political price ) so those `` big words '' will in the end mean little . 
  as soon as a difficult decision comes up that may enrage voters here in germany the entire thing will end up in limbo like pretty much any `` deeper integration '' thing within the eu so far ( most visible in the euro crisis and the refugee thing ) . 
  my exact wording was `` state-sponsored showroom '' , but yours works , too . 
  the parliament may wave through `` deployments '' but only if the mandates are tailored to causing the least possible domestic trouble and cost no political capital - meaning if said mandates are about `` training '' , `` advising '' , `` drilling wells '' or `` building schools '' . 
  a true combat mission ? 
  pah ... before and after * that * parliamentary session trainloads of political undies would have to be changed because their wearers would have soiled them ... 
  that kind of mental gymnastics is pretty much what the overwhelming majority in germany rejects . 
  and changing the basic law ? 
  thanks for the laugh ... 
  the suited clowns in berlin could n't even agree on what kind of flowers were to be planted in front of the bundestag if they were asked . 
  hollande won his presidency on promises he could never have kept . 
  that 's what came back to bite him in the rear ... 
  i coined a term !, 
  we would need new politicians who actually take defense serious and do n't try to avoid it out of fear for their petty little careers . 
  apart from that i am afraid not even the emergence of a real threat that is also palpable for the german society could turn things around . 
  the anti-military views are so entrenched in public , media and politics that nobody dares to argue against them because of the expected political costs . 
  nah , i rather think the baseline of not seeing military force as useful for anything but self-defense is the most sensible view . 
  at least this keeps politicians from getting the `` napoleon syndrome '' ( see bush jr over iraq or sarkozy over libya ) . 
  well ... the problem is that in germany this is not exactly the kind of experience ( and training ) the civilian economy wants . 
  we have our system of apprenticeships and defined job descriptions and the bundeswehr is an ecosphere which is separate from this civilian `` ecosphere '' because it has more similarity to the bureaucratic civil service than the free economy . 
  much of the training one could get inside the bundeswehr is factually worthless on our ( highly regulated ) job market . 
  this is especially difficult for long-serving soldiers who leave the armed forces after 12 years or so . 
  they often end up far down on the social ladder because they did n't study nor did they go through the standard educational system of our apprenticeships and therefor do n't carry the title of * facharbeiter * and the credentials that are needed to get decently paid jobs over here . 
   this is not happening in the white paper , in your opinion ? 
  what then is happening there , if not a conceptual design for the german military ? 
  imo the white book is an * alibiveranstaltung * , a media and pr hoax . it 'll circulate within the spheres of political analysts and thinktankers , will generate a few headlines in the media for a week or two and it may even be milked by vdl for some advantageous pr for herself . 
  but it certainly wo n't be a guiding document that unites policy views of chancellery , mod and mfa nor will it be noticed much by the general public . 
  how do i know ? 
  because that is exactly what has happened to the last two `` white papers '' . 
  both specified political possibilities that in the end were not chosen out of tactical considerations , political disagreement or indifference . 
  and the same will be true for this new one as well . 
  in the end political considerations of the day and the public mood will have much much more influence on decisions in security & defense questions than any lofty rhetoric in some white book that is essentially forgotten a few weeks after its publication . 
   no , i was not . 
  could you provide sources for this ? 
  http://augengeradeaus.net/2016/07/verteidigungshaushalt-besoldungserhoehung-zur-haelfte-abgefedert-bis-2020-plus-10-mrd/#more-24601 tobias lindner ( of the green party ) has worked through the budget and realized that only 266 million euros of next year 's `` increase '' are actually appearing in the `` procurement '' chapter . 
  and despite a 350 million $ `` injection '' from a special budgetary code the mod will still have to finance 300 million $ of mandatory pay raises ( the entire pay raise constitutes 650 million $ for the entire mod ) . 
   i agree that this is a problem , which is why i highlighted the fact that the 7 % increase is only the first of more increases in the next few years . 
  hence a slow shift , not a revolutionary one .
