  i am saying that i do n't see any eu member ready to give up that amount of sovereignty - neither are the `` net payers '' willing to transfer away wealt nor are the `` net recepients '' willing to hand over budgetary sovereignty to brussels . 
  this is a deadlock that is impossible to break or circumvent in the forseeable future , maybe not even mid-term . 
  i think this `` common currency '' requires compromises that neither `` side '' is willing and able to make and wo n't be willing and able to make for a long long time . 
  and there i thought the marxist utopias had been ( rightfully ) cast into the dustbin of unworkable political theories with the collapse of the socialist block in 1989 . 
  apparently those delusions are still around , though . 
  greece ran deficits in excess of 10 % of gdp for years in order to finance a social net that generations of greek politicians have woven as `` electoral presents '' to bribe the common greek on the street into voting for them ... and to numb him to the behind-the-scenes excesses of the mafia-like clan structures which dominated greek politics and economy . 
  on top of that the crisis hit after greek officials had to admit having ( heavily ) doctored statistics in favor of their country for a years and years ... 
  the situation is more like a `` cold turkey '' because the social system depends on foreign loans to even run the basics but the foreigners outside simply no longer trust the `` junkie '' not to run to his dealer for a new fix . 
  and given how / u/groatt86 describes further down the thread how syriza is blocking the implementation of of agreed-upon reforms by trying to combine them with a debt relief scheme ( which the maastricht treaty does n't allow - if greece wants debt cancellation it 'll have to leave the ez ) then that view does hold quite a lot of credibility in my eyes . 
  i 'd rather use the analogy of a `` cold turkey '' . 
  the problem is - for all intents and purposes - the eu was always aiming at levelling `` wealth '' across its membership area . 
  and do n't tell me the recepients would n't ask for exactly that . 
  that `` absorbing systemic shocks '' sounds like a thinly veiled excuse and germans have a fine ear these days for political bullsh * t rhetorics ( we hear far too much of that on our domestic scene ) . 
  i can only talk about the example of what was the mbt-70 between the us and germany because of a nice resum\u00e9 i read a while ago ( wish i could find the darn link again ) . 
  the project petered out because both partners put different importance on the aspect of mobility vs heavy armor - germany did n't want to deminish mobility in favor of the kind of armor the us favored and vice versa . 
  additionally there was some serious disagreement over the planned 152mm howitzer-type cannon the us wanted to install ( to be able to fire barrel-launched anti-tank guided missiles ) whereas the german bundeswehr found nothing appreciable in that type of armament and strictly favored a conventional cannon ( although the latter point is moot these days ) . 
  as for the question of france vs germany in the cooperative project ( to replace the leopard 2 and the leclerc ) that was begun a while ago i guess the most likely point of contention will be weight and size considerations . 
  france has a very intervention-focused military doctrine and it may insist on a tank as light and small as possible to ease its deployment . 
  the question is whether the bundeswehr will swallow the compromises needed for that as the `` holy trinity '' of building tanks is a balance of armor - firepower - mobility ... 
  which i doubt . 
  additionally the bundeswehr has made bad experiences with the inistence on being air-transportable with the puma which became much more complex and expensive as a result of that demand . 
   over time i 'm certain the a400m will turn into a great product once time , money and manpower has been invested to get rid of the miriad of issues but until then it is too expensive and too unreliable for any nation to invest into it . 
  the question is whether the customers have the time and patience and whether airbus can shoulder that economic load . 
  given the problems with the gearbox ( which is a very significant issue requiring a total redesign ! ), 
  i am not sure that some nations will not simply lose patience and cancel all contracts due to non-compliance with the basic contractual demands . 
  i mean not germany , military capabilities are always far less important than the economic subsidies that any military procurement is by default , but i could envision paris to lose patience because they actually need their air transport ... 
  the a400m suffered from political interference and the usual vying for the biggest part of the cake economics-wise . 
  just like the eurofighter all participating nations got a slice of production ( which in itself is kinda awkward to manage ) but - in the words of an aviation expert - with the a400m it seemed every subcontractor got the part it was least qualified to do . 
  and on top of that we have the sad saga of the engine ... 
  i think the article is a bit inaccurate wrt the position of countries arguing for some kind of 2-speed-europe . 
  while germany may agree to this * in principle * it does n't mean we 're on board with the italian ideas about economic and fiscal policy ... * that * is an entirely different matter and an entirely different debate . 
  afair the british mod changed its mind in the middle of the design process and asked bae to use a catobar setup . 
  when bae came back with a cost estimation the british government paled and quietly dropped the notion . 
   the benefits germany would derive from the recovery and growth of southern eurozone economies outweigh the costs it would incur from fiscal transfers . 
  that 's a theory ... and a gamble that finds no takers . 
  we have a domestic transfer mechanism and as such we have ample experience with the realities of it . 
  and said experiences make us even less inclined to go down this route ... given the 2.2 trillion euros of transfers from west to east germany since 1990 and still there is a gap averaging 25 % of gdp between the two areas . 
  and now extrapolate this to the european scale and the numbers will deadlock your brain . 
  autocorect on mobile knows little about french jets . 
  but come on ... it was a really good reply . 
   my point was n't `` merkel promised so it must be true '' . 
  my point was , our ministry of finance released its medium-term report , and the increase on an annual basis in military spending was included there then take a look at the numbers in detail . 
  this year we 're at 1.22 % of gdp and despite the `` increase '' we 're going to drop back to 1.18 % of gdp next year . 
  and any mid-term planning by any minister depends on him/her still being minister after the next election . 
   puts food on the table does n't it ? 
  actually it preserves an artificial environment for the french agriculture that is not competetive on the world market and which props up a system that ought to have been reformed in the 1980s . 
   for what ? 
  what 's on offer ? 
   give up nukes for what reason ? 
  you make no sense whatsoever . 
  it 's like me asking why is n't germany giving up its car industry ... why ? 
  give up stuff just for the sake of giving up ? 
  in a theoretical `` european state '' these questions will come up ... knowing what i do about french strategic views i have trouble believing that they 'd be willing to transfer those things to the european level ... ( at this time ) . 
  simple : merkel has governed based on her personal principle of maximum ambiguity . 
  she has only once in her career taken a stand - the refugee issue in 2015 - and it came back to bite her in the rear . 
  meaning she may have said the words but has not coupled that with a solid timetable so i regard that more as `` talking in general '' but not necessarily as policy already in the making . 
  secondly merkel has an election in september this year and for the first time it may actually become an interesting one given the current strength of her challenger ( whether it stays that way , however , remains to be seen ) . 
  meaning she can say the words but factually they mean little because she ca n't be sure she will even remain chancellor or in what coalition . 
  as such the words again mean no hard fundament but are rather lofty rhetorics . 
  actually i have voted for a small conservative group known as * freie w\u00e4hler * ever since 2005 since i could n't support any of the larger parties in germany anymore . 
  and as for the reference - i like history and often enough historical developments can help one understand the realities one find himself in . 
   the germans need to start learning compromises if they wan na live on a continent with other large powers  just like the french are willing to compromise on the common agricultural policy , the french seat in the un security council or the * force de frappe * ? 
   there are possible compromises and impossible ones and every country has a peculiar set of those . 
   such things happen if you wan na be on the right side of history . 
  that presupposes this is being `` on the right side of history '' . 
  a common currency demands compromises which the german society has never been willing to make and which other societies are also not willing to make . 
  doing this against the will of the populations is precisely what landed us in this mess since 2007 . 
  so `` right side of history '' my ass . 
  ps : and let 's not forget the history of france wanting to put shackles on the bundesbank for pretty much the entirety of the post-war decades . 
  although one could argue whether merkel really meant what she said ... 
  it would n't be the first time of her saying something her opposite wants to hear at a specific point in time . 
  an `` eu army '' presupposes an `` eu state '' . 
  which is why i do n't see either on the horizon even mid-term . 
  you 're funny . 
  ever looked at german regulations ? 
  `` referendums '' are a non-starter ( constitutionally-wise ) in germany and the euro issue was the very first time the debate heated up - precisely because the society demanded a voice in this but the politicians hid behind the `` existing regulations '' because they knew the people would give a clear statement against the euro . 
  and maastricht was a post-fact negotiation ... it was about the * how * , not the * what * because that had been the issue between mitterand and kohl back in 1990 . https://euobserver.com/political/119735, 
  well , i prefer to call a spade a spade . 
  i think no amount of rhetoric deformation can take away the underlying issue that some european states simply have no interest in being drawn into things in africa or the middle east . 
  the entire society in germany and virtually all economists were up in arms over this , the basic tone was `` are you insane ??? '', 
  but kohl - as he admitted himself - `` acted like a dictator '' and force-shoved it down our collective throats because he knew he had no chance to gain a democratic majority for this . 
  so yes , the euro was forced upon the supremely unwilling german society . 
  kant is still something of an unknown variable . 
  i 'm hesitant to attribute too much to it , yet . 
  secondly it 's not the designers who caused the previous projects to be abandoned or shut down - it were differing interests of the customers . 
  i mean look at the tiger helicopter - we have in essence three ( or soon two ) very different versions because the two initial customers wanted very different helicopters . 
  wage restraint was negotiated between the unions and the employer 's associations . 
  nothing the state can dabble in . . 
  any multinational tank project in western europe - and there were a few franco-german and one us-german - failed to generate much beyond technological solutions in detail . 
  why ? 
  because of doctrinal differences both partners favored different aspects and key characteristics , often diametrically opposed ones . 
  the question of whether this newest project will actually deliver anything beyond a technological demonstrator and maybe some detail solutions remains to be seen ... because both france and germany have differing doctrines and demands on armored forces . 
   a eu army would surely have to be able to defend french guyana and other overseas territories which ought to give some ability to project military power in nearby areas , independent of whether using that power was wise or not . 
  does it ? 
  well , then you have a perfect reason why the notion is not something that will appear in our lifetimes . 
  or maybe those states with extra-european territories will have to swallow the same limitation as it existed within nato ( a territorial limit to europe proper ) . 
  because i simply do n't see most other states signing up to this , they ( we ) simply have no connection to said territories nor the particular history between the state and the territory . 
   second is the the lack of expeditionary capability . 
  europe does n't need to just be able to defend its eastern flank or patrol the mediterranean , it should be able to launch and sustain multiple division-level interventions in high kinetic operations across time and space . 
  i do n't think you 're going to meet much approval for this one .
