  but there may be one elephant in the room ( although this is my very personal interpretation ) : she absolutely does not want to deal with anything in the military sphere , i think she was burned ( scarred for life ) by the loss of the 2002 federal elections when schr\u00f6der 's anti-war course allowed him to win an election the cdu had already considered won . 
  back then merkel was following a strict atlanticist course , she even signed a public letter to the us that `` not all germans think like schr\u00f6der '' . 
  well ... back then most did and the cdu/csu lost . 
  she probably drew the lesson never to deal with this political area ever again ( and you see that in her total absence from any security policy debates and her total disregard for the bundeswehr ) . 
  it was a blatant breach of standing regulations - the soldiers supervising the stand had clear instructions to prevent people under 18 from taking up the weapons . 
  but alas ... on to some juicier details : this `` german peace society '' ( dfg-vk ) has not only a history of being directly financed by the kremlin ( since the late 1970s at least ) but they also made headlines by `` celebrating '' fallen german soldiers in afghanistan as the `` beginning of demilitarization '' . 
  these guys are about as moronic , stupid , vapid and brain-amputated as it gets . 
  to which - to draw a parallel to parts of the british debate - i could ask a counter-question : who is profitting from that ? 
  or rather - who has up to recently ? 
  i can give you a hint - it were n't the common people . 
  alas ... my main bone of contention with this line of argument is the undertones that are always present . 
  namely that germany is still a nazi-in-hiding , that we 're always hell-bent on dominating and all that populistic and simplistic claptrap . 
  if that is the intellectual level of the british national debate ( = slinging ancient stereotypes ) then i 'm really beginning to see the looming brexit as positive ( before i was utterly neutral ) . 
  if you pay the piper you can decide on the tune . 
  old adage , but still true . 
  however the german influence in the ecb is currently rather limited or have you missed the tense exchanges of `` pleasantries '' between sch\u00e4uble and draghi over the ultra-low interest rates ? 
  if germany controlled the ecb we 'd neither have seen ecb-qe nor would we have interest rates as low as currently . 
  the claim of `` total german control '' amounts to , pardon my french , slinging of vapid stereotypes . 
  i find the stereotypical claptrap of `` german domination '' ( and that this is inherent in being `` german '' or that we 're all proto-nazis in waiting ) so overwhelmingly tiring that - while very much a eu-skeptic and therefor sympathetic to the uneasiness the brits have vis-a-vis the eu - i 'm beginning to wonder if the steretype of the `` little englander '' does n't have merit to it . 
  some of the arguments ( and the comments on the grauniad site ) are so hair-raisingly simplistic , stupid and vapid that it puts in doubt the superb reputation of the british debating culture . 
  he alludes to the fact that the bundeswehr is operating under peacetime conditions ( because `` wartime '' is constitutionally limited to `` the one war '' ) - meaning it has to follow civilian security procedures which fit fine for a germany at peace but which bear little relation to military requirements . 
  the best-known example of this were military vehicles in afghanistan which could n't be used because they were past the date of their mandatory emission checks and it 's pretty much guaranteed that the luftwaffe has its own versions of these madhouse regs . 
  what he fails to understand , however , that it 's not just the transall which has spare parts problems . 
  spare parts for nearly all aircraft types are rare , mostly because these are specialized parts the industry produces only when ordered ( and given the need to be profitable they need to plan the production some time ahead and ca n't leave capacities idle ) . 
  back in 2011 the mod simply cut most orders for spare parts to zero to fulfill the political demand for savings of over 8 billion $ until 2015 ( which , however , never materialized ) . 
  the results became public in september 2014 . 
  the t-38s used by german trainees in the us are german property but because of `` political reasons '' and because of questions of insurance they sport us insignia . 
   a strong independent germany would put the russian bear in its place , contained , docile and on its side of the forest . 
  a `` strong independent germany '' is the last thing people want , unless it does what they want when they want it and how they want it . 
  but that is n't independence , is it ? 
   germany is simply too forgiving on russia , all the rest of the nations with a baltic coastline ( and most of the rest of northern and eastern europe ) stand united against this ever growing threat but germany keeps backstabbing their neighbours and siding with the putins empire of terror ( why germany squanders the goodwill of the free peoples of the polish , swedish , finnish , romanian , ukrainian and baltic nations for a psychopathic kgb officer and his personal fiefdom beats me ) . 
  maybe because we have no interest and no capability ( as a country ) to deter and confront a major nuclear power ? 
  germany is n't a security provider for anyone ( not even for our own country ) and it 's high time that other nations realized that . 
  this country has been almost completely demiltarized - not only physically but most importantly mentally and politically . 
  which is why there 's little to no chance of that changing . 
  looks like we need to find a new trash can for those failed politicians we need to dispose of . 
  brussels is becoming too dangerous , they 're beginning to actively search for personal power . 
  / s `` greater centralization '' ? 
  pah ... as if any government would really cut its own influence and power . 
  keep dreaming , g\u00fcnther . 
  and lay off those oettinger bottles , it 's starting to show . 
  more integration would need a unity of interests and willingness to bear certain burdens . 
  where is that in europe ? 
  to me the call for `` more integration '' is merely revealing a head-in-the-clouds attitude and an unwillingness of those propagating it to accept the reality that publics across europe are not willing to pay the price of `` more integration '' . 
  in fact `` integration '' has imo been pushed far beyond the limits of what the european constituencies would sanction ( which , across the wide stretch of topics , would always amount to the smallest common denominator ) and we 're currently seeing the very limits this puts on political bodies and their ability to solve problems . 
  the people wo n't stand for it and that means calls for `` more integration '' are neither realistic nor doable . 
  we should finally find the guts to admit that ... 
  but one begets the other . 
  for the eu to have a `` more active role '' states would have to empower it by transfering more sovereignty to brussels ** and ** by enhancing the financial base for the apparatus that 's needed to accquire , fill out and sustain that role . 
  it 's essentially `` more integration '' but recent polls have revealed that public attitudes across the eu member states are leaning towards renationalization and repatriation of powers from brussels . 
  that 's counter to what this pew poll revealed . 
  ergo : people do not understand the implications of what such a `` more active '' ( = more powerful ) role for the eu would mean and what would be the price to be paid . 
  addenum : you mentioned two things : refugee crisis and islamism . 
  go to various european countries and ask for ideas how to solve it and what would need to be done . 
  i bet you 're getting drastically different opinions . 
  refugees ? 
  most countries want exactly zero of them and are not prepared to budge even a millimeter ( understandable ) . 
  islamism ? 
  france may rant at european unwillingness to support the interventionist attitude in the quay d'orsay but to many other europeans the answer is `` fortress europe '' and not military meddling in countries to the south of the med . 
  bottom line : we could n't even agree on possible solutions so the idea of a `` more active '' eu sounds like a naive idea to begin with . 
  wan na bet that once the price for this `` more active eu '' is being mentioned people will backpedal quickly ? 
   you may not realise how much of a good thing that is . 
  too many people on this planet see nothing wrong with stepping on these principles if it 's in the name of `` national interest '' and if they know it 's unlikely that people will force them to face the consequences . 
  i 'm not a gung-ho intervention fanboy , far from it . 
  but i 'd prefer politicians who tell foreign chickenhawks in no uncertain terms when they think their recent idea of `` intervening '' is stupid . 
  no more of that endless rhetorical waffling , please . 
  just say no and live with the consequences . 
  you argue from a position that 's very `` un-german '' ( so to speak ) . 
  the problem with your argument ( from a german pov ) is that us krauts lack even the most basic and minuscule will for `` projection '' , least of all of the military kind . 
  you need to remember that the post-war west german state was founded without a military force and that when the bundeswehr was founded it was strictly limited to german territory and only for * the * self-defense scenario of a soviet attack . 
  any other uses were not even debated and for the 35 years of the cold war it was even considered unconstitutional to use the bundeswehr for anything but the strictly defensive mandate it had been given by the basic law ( exceptions were help during natural disasters etc ) . 
  the notion that the military ought to be used for other things were carried into germany by foreign countries ( via their expectations ) only after 1990 , but they never met a receptive public nor were they ever able to gain a foothold in german society . 
  and if anything the experiences made during the last 25 years have not exactly convinced germans that this is viable , sensible and effective ( to put it mildly ) . 
  german socio-political culture does not have a role for the military beyond a strict self-defense scenario . 
  the argument that military power needs to be used ... well , you wo n't find many supporters here in germany with such a view . 
  most will look at you with utter horror . 
  that 's what i was alluding to . 
  the sofa makes it * de-facto * exterritorial space , even if not * de jure * . 
  no party in germany has an idea what to do about syria ... 
  the german political body is usually paralysed if potential options are not `` squeaky-clean '' in the moral sense . 
  that 's certainly the truth for this syrian mess and so they are basically reduced to giving a shrug . 
  the german greens are split into a `` realistic '' and an `` idealistic '' wing and both are constantly jousting for dominance within the party . 
  the current leadership is definitely in the left-wing idealistic camp , but they 're under pressure because the greens have n't had decent results of late except for those candidates who ascribe to the `` realistic '' wing ( think winfried kretschmann - who 's been called a green conservative ) . 
  this wing , once represented by joschka fischer , is actually quite `` gung-ho '' for a left-wing party in germany and does actually subscribe to the humanitarian and interventionist thinking - to a certain degree . 
  that puts them at odds with the anti-war anti-military left wing . 
  bottom line - the greens are split right down the middle on foreign policy issues and both wings are quite different in their attitudes . 
  well ... ( prepare for a bit of a long-winded explanation ) . 
  a ) the only news about `` drones '' that make it into the somewhat autistic german mass media is when another us drone strike on some minor or major figure of the islamist scene in afghanistan/yemen/pakistan / whereveristan has caused a bunch of civilian casualties . 
  this kind of `` coverage '' is so `` exclusive '' that a lot of people think that drones are only useful for these `` extra-legal killings '' and totally ignore their role in surveillance , recon and/or as potential close air support for troops engaged in operations . 
  the far left anti-war ( and anti-us ) crowd has seized this false picture and is milking it for all it 's worth - which is also why the german state has so far not procured own ucavs and why our politicians are rhetorically wobbling all over the place where drones are concerned . 
  the topic is considered highly toxic and there have been some snide remarks that our minister of defense has made a point to never been photographed or filmed with one of the bundeswehr 's operational drones ( which are all recon versions btw ) lest she could be politically damaged by such a shot . 
  there have been `` revelations '' ( or claims - it 's impossible to verify either way ) that us drone ops in the greater middle east are being routed through a command center in ramstein and that the afb there is vital for the operations as a whole ( given the issues of latency and packet loss in long-distance connections that does even sound plausible ) . 
  the us has denied that claim , but after the snowdon affair many people do n't trust us official statements any further than they could throw it . 
  alas ... such `` extra-legal killings '' are highly illegal according to german law and a lot of people ( not only of the anti-war left fringe ) are quite uneasy about a potential role of ramstein afb in it . 
  technically , if ramstein does indeed play the role ascribed to it , it 's not our issue as us bases are us territory and german law does n't apply to them . 
  but it 's still a sore spot for many ... 
  well , they 're always free to move back to turkey . 
  there they can get as much of the unfiltered and unblended erdokoolaid as they wish . 
  good thinking . 
  i also agree - the myriad of `` the sky is falling ! '',
