  not gon na happen . 
  quite frankly the ef suffered because the environment it was intended for disappeared and germany suddenly had much different priorities ( and was therefor unwilling to spend money on enhancements other partners wanted/needed ) . 
  good morning . 
  i am supremely skeptical of all those public announcements , because the scope of reports ranges from official praise as if the aircraft was the solution to all the world 's issues and nasty criticism that goes beyond a serious argument . 
  given * how * some reports were handled by the authorities i got the impression that they were more interested in shutting up critics than disproving the criticism ... not exactly the behavior that i 'd expect in such a situation . 
  but then having grown up in east germany has made me supremely skeptical of all `` government propaganda '' ( so to speak  ) . 
  the ef will not be made b61 compatible as airbus ( as a major shareholder of the program ) refuses to open technological secrets to the us so that an interface between ef and the b61 could be developed . 
  which is why i questioned the usefulness of the german participation in this tactical nuclear deterrence as the military situation is fundamentally different today and poland would be the more sensible participant if we were to consider the military situation , public attitudes and political realities . 
  given that the ef could be turned into the swing-role aircraft that suits all german needs - except for nuclear sharing - ** if ** the political will was there , i consider the idea to procure the f-35 just for its capability to continue in nuclear sharing a relatively unsound idea . 
  especialy given german political realities and public attitudes towards all things nuclear . 
  i am not a fortune teller , so i ca n't predict the future . 
  i simply look at the political cultures and realities , economic interests and what goes on in both countries and my conclusion is that it is a very long and difficult path from a mere political agreement ( which is where we 're at ) to a finished platform . 
  and given how both sides have acted in similar situations in the past i reckon a certain skepticism is warranted as the devil is ( as always ) in the details and differing requirements and ideas may cause friction at some point . 
   that 's going to require one hell of a military spending boost . 
  that 's a truism politicians neither want to admit nor even acknowledge . 
   there is a reason the us are at the cutting edge of military tech and that 's because they spend a fuck ton more than anyone else . 
  given how many major projects of the us defense industry have either crashed ( ground combat vehicle , replacement of the m109 etc ) or grown way beyond budget ( including f-35 but also ch-53k , gerald ford class carriers , zumwalt class dd etc ) one could argue whether that `` throw money at it until they drown '' approach still does actually produce reasonable outcomes ( and not works only to pamper contractors favored by certain politicians ) . 
  it remains to be seen whether particular political interests ( and the manic-depressive swing of requirements by the military users - which troubles projects like the tiger helo or the nh-90 to this day ) can be kept out of the project but if pragmatism won out it may be possible to produce a useful platform without the astronomic expenses of the us defense system . 
  that one is really out of this world ... 
   arguments have been brought up that germany is actually seeking such a partnership to get around export restrictions in it 's own laws . 
  so we 're looking at a more loose regime there . 
  that is simply wrong . 
  the spd may be in the forefront here along with the other left-leaning parties to make these laws even stricter but even the cdu/csu ca n't operate freely in this area as public opinion is very dubious about the defense contractors and especially defense exports and needs to be constantly reassured that the strict regulations wo n't be circumvented . 
  for example kmw saw its merger with nexter as a way to escape said political restrictions and yet politicians were quick to reassure a skeptical public that if german technology was involved german regulations would have to be followed . 
  the state ca n't `` circumvent '' its own legislation , it could change it but outright circumvention would be a political scandal no party wants on its plate . 
   who do you think has more know how when it comes to fighter jets and military airplanes ? 
  the us or the eu ? 
  if we ( the europeans ) do n't have that know-how then we need to ( re ) accquire it . 
  that is the logic . 
  because such high-tech development produces jobs far in excess of just some simply blue or white collar people assembling aircraft , you need designers , engineers and all kinds of people in additions to those who will assemble the aircraft in the end . 
  not to mention that such research often has a spillover effect into civilian areas ( where rolls-royce and mtu have done a really good job over the past few years developing modern jet engines for all kinds of aircraft ) . 
   having more f-35s produced in europe would also automatically create more jobs in europe . 
  see above . 
  technological know-how is the goal here , not merely being the workbench of the us . 
   what is the roi from developing your jets from current 4th gen status to 5th or 6th gen and then only buying a fraction of the planes your competition is making the distribution r&d cost fall on fewer planes and therefore automatically increasing unit prices ? 
  just look at how many eurofighter were built . 
  like 500 and they were introduced in 2003 . sofar 230 f-35s have been built and they were introduced in 2015 the roi is a continued presence of all kinds of sme-type companies in germany which were/are part of the ef production chain , create jobs , pay taxes and generally help certain german mps get reelected ( because said companies often reside in their electoral districts ) . 
  that is the economic and political aspect . 
  i looked at the technological and military aspect and i am simply not sold on a bunch of very general assumptions the f-35 project is based on ( i outlined above which ones ) . 
  it was a somewhat humorous attempt to make young soldiers actually use the instruction manuals . 
  those existed as mentioned tigerfibel , there was a pantherfibel and for the luftwaffe fighters `` des j\u00e4gers schie\u00dffibel '' . 
  all three went out of their way to avoid the dry technocratic tone of other instruction manuals . 
   so why not just have an agreement to build more f-35s in europe . 
  because for national politicians preserving not only national jobs but more importantly know-how and r&d capacities is infinitely more important than getting certain military capabilities quicker and perhaps more cheaply . 
  the former leaves the entire value chain in domestic hands ( or , as in this case , a good slice ) . 
  that said i am not sold on the idea of the f-35 because i have always seen the project as an aggregation of just too many compromises . 
  while you may be able to build a land-based fighter and a carrier-capable fighter out of the same airframe ( the latter needs a stronger structure ) adding the requirement to use it for a stovl version , too , is just one step too far in my opinion - mostly because the technical limits and the limited power output of our engines that can be used for stovl capable aircraft also drastically limits the aircraft 's size , weight and especially power envelope ( a smaller airframe will not be able to accomodate a larger but more powerful engine ) . 
  but the icing on the cake is the awfully complicated maintenance system which is simply the opposite of a basic reality of military : in war complex systems are harder to maintain and support than simpler systems . 
  a maintenance and repair system based on a software network is just asking for failure ... and i say that as someone who earns his money in the logistics sector . 
  for germany the f-35 does n't really makes sense except for one reason : continued participation in nuclear sharing . 
  but that is no longer a military factor but a purely political one . 
  tactical nuclear weapons formed an important column of nato politics in the cold war , but today the situation for germany is fundamentally different , a sudden surge of +20 tank or mechanized divisions across the inner-german border is no longer possible ( because said border and said divisions no longer exist ) . 
  the question would be relevant for poland , it is not for germany in a strictly military sense . 
  not to mention that the f-35 project is n't out of the technological woods , yet , given the headlines of rising price levels for the entire fleet and as-of-yet unsolved technological problems . 
  it would be a risky investment with very little roi and a very limited usefulness . 
  as such the decision to develop a european project is logical from the political , economical and maybe even from the military pov ( especially given that more money could turn the ef into the kind of swing role fighter the luftwaffe could actually use - all weapon systems for the needed roles are available or can be procured - it just takes political will ) . 
  for a second i had this weird mental picture of catapults chucking lobsters at * dem russians * before reality won over and i actually read the translated text ... 
  public sector wages are tightly limited by the financial constraints of many municipalities and most federal states ( for whose employees public sector wages are to be paid as well ) . 
  there is simply no way to raise their wages by a lot as most employers ( apart from the german state ) simply ca n't afford high wage increases . 
  as so often in our complicated german federal republic the devil is in the details . 
  i think the german disdain for trump is very personal ... he simply hits all the wrong buttons for us and is essentially the complete opposite of what we consider even a decent politician . 
  apart from that i agree that german criticism all too often degenerates into moralistic finger wagging , a bad habit i wish my compatriots could lose rather yesterday than tomorrow . 
  with regards to the us it 's probably a really bad case of `` disappointed expectations '' given the preeminent role of the us in developing the post-war democracy in west germany . 
  people put the us on a pedestal and overloaded it with idealistic expectations which it simply never could fulfill . 
  it did n't help , of course , that successive us administrations behaved in ways previous us administrations had admonished us never to even consider . 
  but even then the `` holier than you '' attitude too many of my fellow germans display is grating even for me . 
  if that helps ... , 
  that would be called the effect of economic competition , would n't it ? 
  i do n't see why that would be a bad thing ... unless of course you refer to the orange kid 's boner for `` fair '' ( where `` fair = the orange kid profits personally '' ) . 
   first - it is a nice narrative to `` save now for the future '' ... which basically is not happening ... instead we introduce a `` m\u00fctterrente '' and other fancy promises . 
  correct . 
  which is why i am seriously critical of these shallow `` electoral promises '' ( just as i am very critical of this `` herdpr\u00e4mie '' bs the csu is so keen on ) . 
  these do n't make sense in any case . 
   second : at a time the interest rate is below zero every spend cent has litterally a positive return on invest . 
  that is still connected to taking a bet on future circumstances and especially interest rates . 
  taking on loans to invest still assumes a `` positive future '' without significant interruptions and shocks . 
  i am critical on that one - i would seriously pursue a reform of our federal model and reshuffle budgetary priorities to stuff like education etc. 
  specifically i 'd take education away from the federal states ( as they have proven to be too prone to ideological blinders and self-serving policies in that one ) so the issue of schools being the responsibility of broke federal states is no longer an issue . 
  i mean we 're spending upwards of 300 billion euros a year ( and that is just the state budget ) ... that is a metric @sston of money ... it just needs to be spent more sensibly imo . 
  on the other hand the looming demographic change ( which we 're already starting to experience on the jobs market ) is giving the government pretty much zero space to wriggle - preparing the state 's finances for the times to come is pretty much `` without alternative '' if we do n't want to have the mother of all recessions in a few years ( or a decade or two ) . 
  as it is the debt load incurred for reunification and ez crisis has to be driven down asap and even further below the 60 % of gdp stipulated in the maastricht treaty as the aging society 's needs will be swallowing a growing amount of money in the future ( for medical and social spending attributed to old age ) . 
  that is dubious , especially since a lot of smes here ( despite all the `` hidden champions '' ) are not even present on the external market . 
  basically the german governmental apparatus is responsible first and foremost to its own people ( and constituency ) , not to some external actors . 
  the problem with the article is - ** yet again ( !!, 
  ) ** - that it fails to understand that national policies are being made based on national interests and circumstances . 
  one sentence captures this blinder-type naivety in a nutshell :  to this end , germany 's fiscal policy has in recent years been unhinged -- under the cloak of fiscal prudence during the euro area crisis , failing to serve the needs of the global economy . 
  please excuse me being frank but which goddamned country on this planet is making policies `` to serve the needs of the global economy '' and not what its own economy needs and what placates one 's own electorate ? 
  ah , yes ... 
  the author is jan techau , unashamed foreign policy thinktanker , atlanticist and proponent of `` playing the geopolitical game like a ` great power ' '' . 
  he 's been harping on about his perceived lack of foreign policy ambition within the german political body and the german society for years and must be pretty frustrated watching his `` arguments '' bounce off time and time again . 
  and again he does n't fail to amuse me with his prescription of `` developing ambition '' just to ease other countries ' `` mistrust '' . 
  so because other countries fail to understand that we 're quite satisfied with standing on the sidelines we ought to play their game ? 
  what kind of policy prescription is that ? 
  and of course he has to harp on about this pet peeve with germany of his , this supposed `` self-hate '' . 
  it is apparently impossible for him to realize that being comfortable with the status quo and not being willing to spend resources on what is perceived as non-essential could be a major source for our lack of `` leadership '' ? 
  as such ... a typical techau article . 
  which most people here wo n't read , anyway , and even less will ( even partially ) agree with . 
  except those american alt-right echochambers who would n't know what socialism really is if it was a stick used to whack them . 
  want some cheese for that whine ? 
  germany was that battlefield-to-be for 4 decades , been there , done that ... are you really surprised people here do n't care for a return of those times ?
