  bollocks . 
  the us spends far more on social services and welfare gdp wise than germany and yet manages to make a total mess out of that . 
  and us defense spending is based upon us national interests ( and those of the mic and its political `` proponents '' ) . 
  that attempts to label it an `` altruistic spending '' in favor of `` others '' have gained traction in the us merely shows how little some folks know of the world . 
  how did von humboldt say it ? 
  `` the most dangerous world view is that of people who have never looked at the world in the first place . '', 
  they never expected to . 
  france has a very unique strategic culture and `` sphere of interests '' , most of which rests upon an extensive network of connections and bases in its former african colonies . 
  as such they operate on the base of existing forward deployed capabilities and foreign bases to operate from . 
  ops against russia are very very much a tiny sideshow in french strategic thinking , just watch what various candidates for the french presidency have said about finding an arrangement with russia and cooperation in areas closer to french interests ( mena region ) . 
  that 's because for all continental european militaries except france `` power projection '' was and mostly still is n't a task they 're supposed to fulfill . 
  power projection is always coupled to a political culture that , simply put , does n't exist in europe apart from france , the uk and russia . 
  most other states have a military for home defense , not for some high-minded adventurism in areas far outside europe . 
  those projection capabilities and the long-range logistics that are essential to them are what makes militaries so expensive these days ... and if your political culture does n't have a use for it it 's nearly impossible to justify such expenses . 
  because your example has nothing to do with why poland prefers the us ? 
  aegis ashore was seen in poland as a step towards an iron-clad committment towards the us defending poland in case of russian incursions ... a fear that is based on poland 's specific history and their societal reaction to it ( a deep suspicion of russia ) . 
  and yes , that also may include attempts at rubbing it in vis-a-vis russia , which especially pis seems to be prone to . 
  edit : and apart from that you may wish to remember that `` 1939 '' and `` western betrayal '' are big things in poland ( at least since pis took over ) and form a serious part of their own `` historical consciousness '' . 
  that may aslo explain their relative willingness to do things ( like the iraq deployment of polish forces , like aegis ashore , etc ) to glean solid committments from a superpower that has the added bonus of not being either france or the uk . 
  poland looks to the us because the us military has a proven history of combat power . 
  a potential eu military is but an empty promise because there is neither a shared threat perception across the eu nor is there an agreement on priorities , areas of interest , strategy , procurement and pretty much everything else that defines the basics of a military . 
  as such poland is more realistic because they prefer a reliance on a proven military and not one which is theroretical in the extreme , unproven and not really backed ( as a warfighting institution ) by the various populations ( i certainly doubt germans would be thrilled by a `` warfighting '' eu army - to many people here the only truly useful role of a military is that of stacking sandbags when a river overflows and threatens to flood an area ) . 
  the bundeswehr prior to the fall of the wall was a one-trick-pony . 
  as soon as the one-trick-environment went away so did any need to pay outrageous sums for it , especially given the enormous amounts of money reunification cost . 
  which means cashing in on the peace dividend was an economical , political and especially psychological inevitability . 
   because back then these capabilities were n't needed . 
  erm , because until that idiotic court of constitution rule in 1994 these `` capabilities '' would have been unconstitutional ? 
  why do you think so many germans remain stubbornly wedded to the fundamentalist reading of article 87a of the basic law ? 
  because it took a lot to have the bundeswehr being tolerated as a purely defensive institution . 
  the basic law explicitly removed the military from the politicians ' `` toolbox '' and framed a specific legal environment and a specific role it was allowed to play . 
  and most germans still think that this is the only sensible role for it to play , not as `` toy soldiers '' to be used for `` great power d * ckwaving games '' . 
  you want military power projection ? 
  then start with a societal debate on such matters , propose a change of the basic law and start arguing for your theses . 
  on the other hand poland is probably more realistic than any `` eu army '' claptrap talk ... why ? 
  because france may think it can `` lead '' in this sphere ( because the uk is on its way out and germany too inhibited ) but in reality most other eu members have no interest in following france in the direction it would like to go ( interventions in africa and perhaps the middle east ) . 
  the reality is that eu member states , when one ignores the lofty rhetorics that covers reality like a thin layer of lacquer , deeply distrust each other and their motives . 
  coherent defense ? 
  hell , we could n't even agree to define what this `` defense '' entails , whose defense contractors get which slice of the cake and the likes . 
  it 's a pipe dream , nothing more . 
  i do n't know where you 'd draw that conclusion from . 
  most give a tosh about the bundeswehr because there is no threat gainst germany that is being felt by the population ... 
  identity , stronger military ? 
  sounds like the claptrap the alt-right morons here in germany would use and all for the wrong reasons . 
  given how quickly the nazi accusations popped up in greece after we made clear we 're not their piggy bank , how the pis government in poland toyed with nazi memes when we frowned at their dismantling of the separation of powers and also when you look at part of the rhetorics of the brexiteers ( 4th reich and such bullshyte ) i 'd say the nazi memes are very much alive and kicking ... and tempting as a rhetorical club to batter us to an agreement over something we do n't want to do . 
   france has asked us multiple times to increase our engagement in un missions . 
  france has demanded multiple times that we finally become the resource provider for their foreign policy interests in africa they 'd like us to be . 
  but yeah , the `` argument '' sounds very much constructed because for the most part it is - the real issue is that germans do n't want to be a military power , do n't want to be drawn into somebody elses 's conflicts and would generally prefer to be a somewhat bigger version of switzerland and be left alone in peace and neutrality . 
  the ef ca n't carry the new model b61 - which is why the luftwaffe has to spend about 500 million euros to upgrade the tornados ( a fact that is being kept silent in germany given the widespread anti-nuclear sentiment ) . 
  sure , https://www.deutsche-digitale-bibliothek.de/item/ch36r3ywbl2tqqizntfzlberoltmbpsm it 's just one example , there were countless others . 
  fact however is that to be granted leeway the government would need to be trustworthy . 
  the entire greek political scene has done nothing to win back that trust , instead they have evaded any tough decision and have hidden behind `` big bad brussels '' and the troika instead . 
  they shielded themselves and their rich friends from serious questions and instead loaded everything off onto the ordinary man on the street - who in turn fell prey to a populist syriza which acted as if it were entitled to something just because they were greeks . 
  the impression here is that if we give them the little finger they 'll scam us our of our arm , half of the shoulder and maybe a collarbone , too . 
  the simple answer is that it would amount to taxation without representation - we 'd be liable for everything other countries do ( who could n't do squat if germany got into this type of trouble ) without having a way to control what they spend and on what . 
  it would amount to a transfer without strings attached . 
  people would - rightly - feel that they 'd be the idiots who labor while others could absorb the gains without having to make difficult decisions . 
  especially so since people here perceive a paucity of funds on their local level ( many municipalities are struggling to make ends meet ) and would certainly prefer to see the `` fruits of their work '' being spent in germany . 
  as i recently read in another article schulz is still serving as projection screen for the idealistic hopes of his party 's various `` wings '' . 
  his vagueness so far has not yet alienated any of those but at some point he will have to come clear on a few issues ( and the cdu would be braindead and stupid not to force him to show his true colours on `` eurobonds '' and such - that will be one of the most divisive issues and may actually damage schulz pretty badly ) and then the honeymoon will be over . 
  more like the feverish circlejerk fiction of some federalist woolgatherers . 
  in that case my money would be on crowds with pitchforks and torches asking for a square meter of schulz 's skin for `` pissing away german financial stability '' . 
  i remain skeptical . 
  nuclear weapons is one of the biggest political taboos in germany . 
  it 's being kept under the radar by the political body . 
  for example they would not like if it became known that our tornados need to be upgraded ( costs estimated upwards 500 million $ ) to carry the new version of the b61 tactical nuclear weapon . 
  and they 'd like it even less if it became widespread knowledge that this role is the sole reason for this system update . 
  which is why berlin does n't talk about b\u00fcchel and what is going on there . 
  such things come to the light ... eventually . 
  and given the institutionalized cowardice of the german political body they wo n't dare . 
  anything that could come back to bite them in the rear will be avoided and even more so where nuclear weapons are concerned . 
  you ca n't hide so and so many billions year in year out in the budget , not for long and certainly not forever . 
  german politicians wo n't dare . 
  they know they 'd get tared , feathered , quartered , resurrected , torched , resurrected again and then tossed down a very deep mine shaft if they get involved with this . 
   has afd positioned itself with respect to military spending ? 
  i 'm not sure , but then i do n't spend my time researching the positions of a group of closet nazis . 
   i do n't think it 's natural for germany to be satisfied with merely being unthreatened . 
  it is in germany 's nature to contribute to a worldwide ( or at least regional ) state of justice and peace , and to feel an obligation to do so because it is stronger than others . 
  that 's where i think germany 's self-flagellation prevents it from fully acting on its principles . 
  this is where i simply do n't agree with you . 
  i do n't attribute a `` nature '' to any nation per se , nations ( or rather societies ) are the product of historical , social , political and cultural developments . 
  they operate based on their particular interests and norms , not some artificially attributed `` nature '' . 
  and most germans have no interest in being gangpressed into the role of some mythical `` great power '' , instead many long for the neutrality , disengagement ( from big international issues ) and `` peace '' of a `` bigger switzerland '' . 
  the us has a similar political current - it 's called isolationism . 
  i do n't think it 's `` self-flagellation '' ... as i said there is no real threat perception with regards to russia . 
  most treat putin like we treat erdogan these days - with a pitying headshake , a shrug and then we tune him out . 
  many folks here think the baltics and poland are simply overhyping something that comes straight out of their personal fears . 
  kind of like the boy who cried wolf on societal scale . 
  i do n't think the last part of your post is accurate . 
  there is no `` fear '' of russia , just the simple acknowledgement that they have nuclear weapons and we do n't ( which is why we 're not in the same league , anyway ) . 
  to paraphrase your analogy : now that there are rumors of a lion prowling the edge of town we simply roll over in our dog basket , safe and secure in our top-floor apartment in the middle of the city and wonder which idiot had hallucinations of a lion in roaming free in europe . 
  because their establishment wanted to spread costs ( without giving up an ounce of control , that is ) ? 
  simply put : germany has no clue why we even have a military post-1990 . 
  most germans will grudgingly agree that it 's an ugly necessity , but most do n't want to know details , inform themselves or even feel any personal responsibility for . 
  it 's a bit like doing your tax report - everybody knows it 's a really ugly necessity , but nobody likes doing it and would gladly ignore it if that were possible . 
  as such there is no real societal debate on this matter , what we have are the some utterings of members of the german government that have accepted the need to spend more on defense ( in a way that makes * me * doubt their honesty on the matter and in ways that betrayed their utter lack of enthusiasm for it ) whereas other members of government ( belonging to the political rival in the coalition ) already called the basic concept into question . 
  all the talk of `` more '' or `` out-of-area '' that erupted both within nato and the political spheres here in germany is simply not matched by the perceptions of the society . 
  pretty much any poll since 2014 ( and 2015 and 2016 and 2017 already ) has shown that the majority of germans neither wants the bundeswehr to become engaged in interventions in the middle east or africa nor is there any willingness to be drawn into a confrontation with russia . 
  people simply feel no obligation to leave the `` sidelines '' of big international issues and no amount of lobbying by atlanticist groups , washington , paris or london has had any effect on them . 
  that germans have n't voted according to this preference for foreign and security policy isolationism is simply due to the fact that german political circles are wary of testing how far the tolerance of the society reaches and have limited any deployment to token gestures ( i.e. 
  afghanistan caveat debate , non-combat role vs isil etc ) .
