  and i certainly have n't given france the mandate to determine how i have to view any real or potential german military capabilities and especially not their uses ( or non-uses ) . 
  sorry , i 'm a bit prickly on this one . 
  grew up in the gdr , became a cynic , do n't take `` being told what to think '' . 
   intervention abroad is the function of policy , not capacity . 
  the capacity to engage near-state competitors necessarily includes the capacity to project force . 
  you ca n't write-off the restoration of capacity in fear of bad policy . 
  the logical conclusion of such an idea is to suggest that you ca n't defend yourself for fear of attacking others -- that 's lunacy . 
  intervention abroad is based on having specific military capabilities : namely long-range air and naval transport , logistical chains capable of being kept up over long distances and time , sometimes air and/or amphibious first-entry capabilities and sometimes even a naval air component to provide both air transport and air support . 
  if you have a culture that finds the concept of power projection distasteful ( like germany ) you 'll have much higher hurdles to even procure such capabilities and then implement policies that make them worthwhile . 
  hey , you wo n't get a disagreement on merkel ( in that respect ) from me . 
   it was , however , quite obvious how sarkozy tried to `` correct '' his miscalculation of the tunisian `` arabic spring '' ( when he was caught on the wrong foot when ben ali went into exile ) over the libyan affair . 
  his zeal and displayed `` humanitarism '' were a bit over the top and too amplified to be genuine . 
  the bottom issue is that france and germany view the world quite differently and this causes frictions ( as over libya , later over mali etc ) . 
  which is why france is so frustrated that csdp does n't go anywhere ( and most eu members pay lip service but have no intention of actually practicing it ) . 
  that kind of power projection is n't popular in germany . 
  our societal understanding of the military is totally and almost uncompromisingly defensive . 
   it 's stupid to complain about their actions because damn if they did n't damn if they did . 
  usually i 'd agree , but my reading of libya is that of sarkozy being hell-bent on scoring some cheap `` little napoleon '' points in advance of the 2012 presidential elections . 
  which , quite honestly , i regard as the worst possible reason to even contemplate the deployment of military force . 
  and his indignant rants about other eu members not signing up to his `` vision '' afterwards left a very sour taste in my mouth . 
  but individual states are n't `` europe '' as a whole !, 
  as such your use of `` europe that pressed for libya '' is inaccurate . 
   hilarious , since it was ~ ~ europe ~ ~ ** france ** that pressed for libya ... 
  fixed it for you . 
  i know the us media has the habit of lumping europe together , but the eu is not a unified state and different member states have different views on such matters . 
  just saw your addition : germany is also situated on the european continent and we certainly did n't `` demand intervention '' . 
  so the term `` europe '' is far too broad a brush in that respect . 
  the driving force was sarkozy ( and cameron hung onto him despite the protestations and skepticism of his own military and foreign policy leaders ) . 
  and what had the libyan charade to do with `` defense '' ? 
  the problem is that your argument fails to deliver what exactly `` adequate defense spending '' is . 
  we ca n't lump together nearly thirty european countries and deduce an `` adequate defense spending '' ... that 's painting with far too large brush . 
  defense needs of states like the baltics and poland are fundamentally different from those of , say , denmark or belgium . 
  and let 's not get into the details of political culture and what goes and what does n't . 
  all those factors matter ... for example i 'd support 2 % of gdp spent on the bundeswehr if it went to restoring the conventional warfighting capability at the expense of any interventionist capabilities but certainly not the other way round . 
  this has nothing to do with `` defense '' needs of european states and far too much with not enough european states being able and willing to play the auxiliary role washington has in mind for them . 
  as such the comment is solely intended for the american domestic market . 
  if germany spent the 2 % of gdp on defense the washington pundits would still whine about the fact that we do n't see the world as they do and would still be reticent/unwilling to actually deploy the bundeswehr . 
  i think it 's rather his previous job with goldman sachs that gets people riled up . 
  many wonder whether his appointment as head of the ecb was not akin to making the fox responsible for security in the chicken house . 
  i do n't think so . 
  drops like that are pretty hard on vehicles and given the fact how underresourced the bundeswehr is i doubt commanders do risk the few vehicles they still have . 
  dropping wiesels , for example , is a pretty risky thing to do given the torsion bar suspension of that little critter . 
  if one ( or several ) of those torsion bars snaps the repair is going to be costly and time-consuming . 
  it 's rare , though . 
  usually the vehicles are being delivered by transport helos after the drop zone has been secured . 
  much less hazardous for the vehicles . 
   [ ... ] only 8 long range transports that can even carry armor ( all 8 belong to the uk ) . 
  though you could argue that long-range strategic air transport for purposes of `` power projection '' is definitely an accquired taste , for which you need to have the strategic and political culture and the environment . 
  britain and france do have both , and a history of military interventions which are part and parcel of their national political establishments and are publicly accepted . 
  neither is true for germany ( rather the opposite ) and let 's not even talk about the states on the eastern flank ( which do n't have the economical wherewithal for such luxuries nor the strategic environment ) . 
  naval power and general long-distance power projection capabilities must be based on political need ( which the overwhelming number of nations simply do n't have ) and economic capability ( which , again , most nations simply lack ) . 
  if you want `` the people '' to own the means of production you should n't have dismantled the old socialist regime . 
  boy , wages were astronomically high back then as was the standard of living , were n't they ? 
  you guys are aware that site is one of those loony `` bible prophecy '' sites that is good for one laugh only ? 
  nah , i do n't think `` stockholm syndrome '' is an apt description . 
  i think we simply lack the ( sorry - i do n't do well in sugarcoating things ) visceral russophobia that comes across from your posts - at least as underlying vibes . 
  after all it were willing germans who built and ran not only the sed dictatorship but especially its stasi apparatus of snooping . 
  and initially , that must not be forgotten , a lot of ordinary people were very eager to help `` build a better society '' . 
  the rest is , in my opinion , just good old fashioned fatalism and acceptance of `` things that ca n't be changed , anyway '' or - equally likely - a hard-nosed `` not my business , not my problem '' attitude . 
  east ... 
  became a cynic at the age of 8 ( when first praised for `` outstanding learning achievements in the socialist school '' and then reprimanded for wearing jeans made in the west ) . 
  well , that is the ultimate difference . 
  i do n't feel such a connection to said capitals and absolutely no inclination to be incinerated `` for them '' ( or any other lofty rhetoric ) . 
  but as i said ... 
  i 'm a cynic , anyway . 
  maybe , but in general the eu 's support is limited to some economic stuff . 
  i think he means that western european states are the net payers of the eu . 
  they provide the funds that would be given by the eu to ukraine ( or georgia or moldova ) . 
  ah , an idealist . 
  explains your stance . 
  to me the question boils down to `` would you be willing to get nuked for kiev , tblissi or kishinev ? '', 
  and i 'm afraid the answer is `` nope ! '' . 
  i do n't believe in `` projection '' nor do i believe those often-touted `` values '' mean anything ( they just provide some rhetoric smokescreen ) . 
  i , personally , think the most realistic ( and doable ) thing to do is to say to russia `` stay on your side , we stay on ours . '', 
   yes , let 's live with an authoritarian country annexing land left and right from ukraine and soon georgia , south ossetia is just about to hold a referendum to join the russian federation . 
  can you do this without frothing at the mouth ? 
  i mean , seriously , your attempt at making your case comes across as an extreme case of `` sticking one to russia no matter the costs '' . 
  i doubt it . 
  very much so . 
  in fact , i have an excellent counter-example : in the 1990s it became * en vogue * for companies in germany to relocate maufacturing branches to lower-cost countries , partially in the east/south-east of europe , partially to asia . 
  even smes participated in that `` rush '' but as it is a lot of them have either returned manufacturing to germany ( despite the difference in cost ) or had abandoned the relocation before finishing it . 
  some smes ( i remember a tv spot showing a swabian company which manufactures special parts for the car industry ) set up shop in eastern europe ( ca n't remember whether it was romania or bulgaria ) but rebuild its home factory and spooled up production there as well . 
  it 's not on offer . 
  the politician who seriously thinks about it here in germany will be tared , feathered , quartered and then hanged ( what 's left of him , anyway ) . 
  the mood here is overwhelmingly hostile to such notions and i predict yet another massive boost in votes for the afd should the issue be pushed on the agenda by the eu ... 
   the thing is if the pigs drop out their currencies will be worthless , which will in turn steal most of the manufacturing jobs in europe due to the cheapness of their labor . 
  this screws over the northern european countries , who are already seeing growth stagnation . 
  that presupposes there are either existing industrial structures in said countries and and an overabundance of well-trained and educated workers willing to work for `` an apple and an egg '' . 
  just because the currency is down the drains and everything is cheap it does n't mean industries will flog to those states . 
  there are other factors in play - some of which plague the states you mentioned like bureaucratic hurdles to making business , bureaucracy itself etc. 
  if you , as an entepreneur , feel like either a prospective criminal offender or someone else 's piggy bank you 're going to think at least twice about setting up your business there . 
  the reality is , however , that such a conduct of war is no longer accepted in western societies - look at the reactions over vietnam and the level of opposition the conduct of * that * war created within the us ( and western europe ) . 
  or remember the international reaction to the revelations over the secret cia interrogation centers in various countries ... or abu ghraib or guantanamo . 
  we , the people of the democratic west writ large , no longer tolerate such a conduct of war except in one case - when we * really * feel threatened by someone or something . 
  but no , islamist doomsday-wannabe-prophets do n't count as such , because they can sting us at best ( like in paris and brussels ) but they ca n't threaten the existance of our nations per se . 
  uh , pardon my french but the us with its * quintillions * of $ spent on its military with all its tanks , ifvs , supercarriers , air power and even nuclear weapons could not and did not `` defeat '' a ragtag collection of ak-wielding guerilla in afghanistan so the argument kinda falls flat on its face . 
  it 's not a question of military spending , not even of military engagement because daesh is but the current incarnation of the old problem with radicals offering easy answers and simplistic references to some nefarious foreign scapegoats to a mass of young , angry and disenfranchised males ( with no realistic economic perspective ) . 
  their `` pool '' of potential recruits is pretty full , anyway , so unless you can drain that pool ( which we ca n't ) hammering away at daesh ( or whatever radical islamist organisation comes after it ) with military means will merely replace names and designations , the problems remain the same . 
  just to clarify : the 2 % of gdp are not a requirement , they are a * guideline * . 
  it 's non-binding and any attempt at making it mandatory has been shot down so far .
