  interventionism is but an accquired taste for some countries and most who went along with one of those ( for different reasons ) found it to be a rather bitter brew . 
  not to mention that the recent attempts do n't really lend themselves to be used for promotion of the concept . 
  i , personally , think it 's a remnant of the colonial age and the mindset of `` white man 's burden '' and we should drop it rather sooner than later ( or the former colonies will be politically infantilized forever ) . 
  he was the president of one of the four allied powers that would have to sign off what later became the 2 + 4 treaty renouncing the allied supervision powers over germany . 
  as such he had the means to do just that , or at least sufficiently delay it so that developments in the soviet union could have made it impossible . 
  kohl and everyone else in germany perceived mitterand 's machinations exactly as they were meant - as a political blackmail . 
  of course . 
  the question , however , is to pull of this `` proposal '' without infringing on national sovereignty . 
  it would certainly require a change of treaties and in the current situation it would turn into a free-for-all * `` i 'd like to have ... '' * marathon of cherry picking and individual wishes . 
  in the current climate that would bog down and get nowhere ... apart from the tiny fact that it would cause an outcry in germany ( which would be the biggest net payer ) and would lead to immediate challenges at the german court of constitution whose last ruling on the euro bailouts already contained a severe warning to politicians not to infringe on the bundestag 's right to decide the german budget and which therefor limits any further eu integration without a change of the german constitution . 
  and that is simply not in the cards ... 
  so the agenda is to create a `` democratic '' institution in which the rest of the eurozone can vote itself access to and control over the national german purse ? 
  lol ... nice try . 
  about a negative sixhundred ninety million . 
  on a scale of zero to fifteen . 
   can someone explain how these cross-nation army agreements work exactly with regards to the command structure . 
  in the case of the dutch and german cooperation the solution is simple : both forces remain solely under their national political command . 
  meaning the dutch 11th air mobile brigade and 43rd mechanized brigade are not really * subordinated * to ( = under the command of ) the german divisions but rather * attached to * them . 
  the dutch government retains full political control over their forces as does germany over ours . 
  i bet the same will be true for the new creations . 
   does every single command have to be approved by some dutch/czech/romanian officer ? 
  apart from pzbtl 414 there are no truly multinational units below the brigade level . 
  meaning the brigade command operates more like a roof over a bunch of battalions of different nationality . 
   if not what 's there structurally to stop the germans from sending foreign armies into battles that the `` leasing '' nation state would n't have approved of ? 
  like i said before : the different nations retain full political command over their respective units . 
  and secondly ( most importantly ) : germany is not a state that considers military force a desirable or natural tool of the policy toolbox . 
  in case you have n't noticed : we 've been called out , lambasted , prodded and spat at for not being willing to participate in combat missions throughout the last decade or two . 
  of the three big states ( uk , france , germany ) we 're the * least likely * to do anything with the military ... 
  ask the french . 
  although one could argue whether this is actually cheese or refurbished wallpaper paste . 
  the german basic law has explicitly removed military force from the toolbox of german foreign policy . 
  it still contains the very clear and yet very basic limitations for the bundeswehr as they were entered into it in the 1950s . 
  that is the baseline and many people here are actually very fundamentalist in their interpretation of it - only defense , explicit and clear prohibition of `` wars of aggression '' ( and many people view anything that goes against the notion of self-defense as a violation of * that * clause ) , state of tension and state of defense . 
  all those foreign deployments have been based on a ruling of the court of constitution , but the political class never attempted to put these into a more coherent `` plan '' ( because the lack of one and the ambiguity of the court 's ruling allows for maximum space to meander and waffle ) . 
  the mere idea to use military power as a threat hanging over some negotiations is astonishingly ludicrous to german ears . 
  so unless we get a new society ( which no longer skeptically watches politcians and their rhetorics ) and a new political class ( which has n't grown up in an environment in which the military plays absolutely no role in political considerations ) i guess we 're pretty safe . 
  it goes down to the very fundamental structure of our country . 
  for over a decade various governments have tried to advance a reform of federalism but all attempts have bogged down between competing interests of government and federal states . 
  the deadlock over the power grid reflects that problem as federal states and all local villages/towns in the planned corridor have and can voice a veto and demand changes . 
  the same is true for other big construction projects like highways - for example the project to have the a14 highway connect the a2 ( near magdeburg ) and the a24 ( near hamburg ) has been delayed time and time again because of legal challenges against the general plans ( for various reasons , including some ecological issues about endangered species etc ) . 
  the same dynamics are at work with the grid issue - it is basically a question of many people thinking `` not in my backyard '' , special interest groups ( like nature conservation societies ) bringing up some ecological reasons for change ( like the presence of a highly endangered species in an area planned for the construction ) etc etc ... 
  the federal structure of post-war germany was established to prevent a power accumulation in one place like during the nazi times . 
  the government is actually powerless in a lot of things . 
  it 's the federal structure that causes a lot of issues . 
  last year almost 10 billion euros of government money earmarked for investments returned unused because local municipalities or federal states could not `` accquire '' it ( either because they could n't stem their part financially or because of delays over planning etc ) . 
   did you know that their electricity grid is so outdated that it can not handle the surges coming from renewables and polish grid has to absorb the shocks ? 
  no , you did n't because nobody is reporting on that since spending in germany is considered a sin . 
  eh ... the trouble with the electrical grid is because everyone and his dog is doing the nimby , especially the bavarians ( and their chief beer tent populist seehofer ) who are pussying around about their `` beautiful vistas '' being potentially ruined by those big electricity towers , but of course nobody wants to pay the higher price of putting these electrical lines underground . 
  local communities are blocking construction planning because of whatever fly they find in the ointment . 
  this time it 's not really a question of investment money . 
  well , without nato the bundeswehr , in the words of another german poster over @ augengeradeaus.net , would be `` a peace research institute by the grace of the german voter '' . 
  ever wonder what a really neutralist germany looks like ? 
  go down that route ( and tbh most people here would love that ) . 
  the `` evidence '' was already clear in the maastricht treaty and german public opinion prior to it . 
  if other states erroneously believed that we did n't mean what we said it is their loss . 
  it is , however , very much related to the question of finances and how we ended up in this mess . 
  greek politcians of all colours have dug a grave for their country in order to buy themselves public support or at least passivity . 
  thx for the link . 
   i do n't think , however , that germans by and large will stand for a `` drastic approach '' . 
  one key aspect of our society is negotiation and moderation . 
  people will chose the latter over `` drastically more money '' if it endangers their job . 
  that 's what drove the wage moderation in the early 2000s . 
   dissolving the euro means german firms ca n't export heavily anymore , because the dm would skyrocket . 
  you are aware that germany was an export powerhouse with a skyrocketing d-mark prior to 1990 already ? 
  we 're used to a strong currency . 
  i ca n't find actual numbers right now but please note that labor agreements are n't just for members of unions . 
  i am not a member of a union myself and yet my employment contract is based on the general labor agreement between my employer and the union . 
   we kick the german subsidiaries out of every country in ee and southe . 
  pfft . 
  as if the east would side with the south over finances . 
  a good slice of their own economy hinges upon being part of the german supply chain . 
  and in case you had n't noticed - some eastern european countries were far harsher in their stance on greece than germany . 
  maybe you ought to wonder why . 
  explains why they taste so crappy . 
  and again you 're revealing your cluelessness about german realities . 
  there are three different classes of `` state employees '' - those employed by the local municipality , those employed by the federal states and those employed by the government itself . 
  the local municipalities and most federal states have serious financial woes and do n't have the financial wherewithal to spend much on wage increases of its employees . 
  and the government itself ca n't ( and wo n't ) hike the wages of its employees because that would create social unrest ( because there are already some significant differences in wages between the three groups ) and because the wage development of their employees ca n't legally be decoupled from that of the other employee groups . 
   it 's the state dumping wage sector outside of union reach that is the main problem , which is subventioned by the state and forced upon unemployed by insufficient social nets . 
  you can either finance a social net ( which is not supposed to be a social hammock ) or you ca n't . 
  the schr\u00f6der government decided to cut back the social net because it was unsustainable . 
  a social net is not a god given right , it is dependent on being financed . 
  there is german feta ?? 
   greece is doing those reforms right now , but they do n't do jackshit . 
  both eu an imf say that the reform attempts are insufficiently implemented and lots of things ( like privatization ) have actually stalled . 
   for the other , because greece is a tiny country , it does n't matter what they do , for as long as germany is killing the greece competition with dumpingwages . 
  utter and complete bullshit . 
  greece is so far down on the index listing how business-friendly a country is that it sits right in between 3rd world countries in africa !, 
   guess which country massively dumped their wages and did n't meet the inflationgoal to be `` competitive '' , ( while others increased their wages too much and became too little competitive ) , after the euro introduction . 
  well , german unions and employers ' associations agreed to lower wage growth in exchange for job security . 
  it 's not a state policy because the state has no role in that . 
  sorry , but `` compromise '' in this case does n't mean the net payers become the sugardaddy for the southern states . 
  compromise would mean the southern states stop pussying around , implement some serious structural reforms and stop pretending they can keep going on just as in the `` good old times '' and that they do n't have to change a thing . 
  ever heard the term `` no taxation without representation '' ? 
  that is the key here - the potential net payer states will simply not hand over money in exchange for nothing , they will ( rightfully ) insist on having a say how money is being spent . 
  but the potential net receivers are just as unwilling to transfer sovereignty over such affairs to the eu as the potential net payers are to actually transfer money . 
  the polish state ( and its authorities ) also did n't cook its books to hide annual deficits of +10 % of gdp ( for years ) nor did they go on a credit-financed spending binge to buy off the population with electoral presents and a social net their economy could never have financed on its own . 
  which is why i am for the orderly dissolution of the eurozone and a return to national currencies . 
  a common currency demands compromises no country is willing to make . 
  does greece have an industrial sector developing and producing high-tech goods for the world market ?
