  sovereign failure is still failure . 
  they realize it already , but they think turning the eu into resource providers can prolong the french status as global military power . 
  which is why csdp ever came into existance ( and why it failed to do anything ) . 
   germans want to be `` good europeans '' as well . 
  if `` good europeans '' means that you protect the poles and the balts from the tyrannical russians , and get the good bundeswehr in places as the `` good guys '' where the evil wehrmacht committed their crimes , then it 's a narrative you can sell to quite a large amount of people . 
  it 's cynical , of course , but we 're both cynics , are n't we ? 
  i do n't think for most `` being good europeans '' entails either picking up arms or , for example , paying for someone else 's livestyle . 
  for most this simply means to be good neighbors and not to go berserk and drive tracked vehicles into poland or france . 
    maybe . 
  i personally want a closer union , and a more effectual one . 
  defense is only one area where this is possible in my view , but one that is vital and plausible at the moment . 
  i am not a federalist at all , i am even pretty skeptical to be frank . 
  nah , sorry , i do n't dig national-chauvinist closet nazis . 
   germany and the netherlands are in close cooperation as well a tank battalion and a navy battalion are already mixed together and operate quite closely . 
  except that it exists mostly on paper at the moment . 
  if pzbtl 414 wishes to train they have to borrow tanks from other units , the ex-dutch leos are yet to be modernized/refurbished and the +100 tanks that von der leyen wants to buy back from the industry ( which the german part of the battalion and the units they were taken from need to rebuild ) ... well , the contract has n't even been signed , yet . 
  look at the annual report of the military ombudsman of the bundestag published yesterday . 
  he did not exactly mince words and told the ministery to `` get a f * cking move on , dammit '' . 
  sorry in advance if i 'm dissecting your reply quite a bit . 
    when germany trades economic resources to france to get some influence on their hard power projection , it helps both . 
  the problem is the socio-political culture of germany explicitly eschews any need for hard power projection anywhere . 
  politicians may talk that talk , but they do n't find any resonance in the public which remains wedded to willy brandt 's `` never again shall war emit from german soil '' . 
  factually this means our society has rejected military force as a tool to conduct foreign policy . 
  which also means that not only us germans should not do it , but that we should n't help others to do it , either . 
  a lot of people regard it as borderline immoral , a throwback to the age of imperialism and colonialism ... 
  i , on the other hand , dismiss interventionists as their balance sheet over the past 15 - 20 years has been * abysmal * . 
  time and time again it has been proven that the lack of political concepts for the post-shooting phase along with a lack of resources to underpin such a concept has derailed and essentially invalidated the concept per se in my view . 
   france has to subject its military use to a more european rather than france-only strategy , but when it does use it , it will be far more effective . 
  all official or semi-official documents i have read on french strategic thinking ( in english as i do n't speak french ) have always put great emphasis on the centrality of `` strategic autonomy '' - politically , militarily , defense-industrially . 
  that is not mere talk , this is at the heart of the french strategic view of themselves . 
  i consider it impractical and unrealistic to expect them to move away from such a central aspect of their strategic culture ... just as i regard it as unrealistic that france expects other states to swallow their view at the expense of everything else . 
   germany gives away some of its economic strenght but it gains an ally that projects hard power when germany can not do it due to political constraints . 
  as i said above a considerable part of the german society fundamentally denies the necessity of having power projection capabilities in the first place . 
  our socio-political culture is so fundamentally demilitarized that `` military solutions '' are n't even part of the mental landscape of german politicians ( and people ) . 
  when other countries mention them the only reaction that usually comes is horrified bewilderment . 
  as such the argument itself may work on the political leadership , but it certainly wo n't work with the society . 
  it may actually create a backlash . 
  as for what germany `` gets '' out of eu military integration ... 
  i think , and pardon for saying this this harshly but i am a cynic and do n't like to mince words , a lot of people look at this as a way to foist this bothersome and `` yucky '' topic onto someone else and wash their hands of it afterwards . 
  and then they can go back to making moralistic comments from the sidelines ... 
   unlike germany in the economic sphere or uk in any sphere in general  . 
  you 'll not get any disagreement from me here , mate . 
  they may run somewhat parallel , but germany 's interest is not to prop up the overgrown sense of self-importance of french political circles , eu integration should not be about polishing up one nation 's halo so that its political establishment can continue pretending that it 's still 1980 , that france is still a global military power ( a role which it ca n't sustain on its own anymore ) and that wants to foist not only its own specific foreign policy interests on the rest but more importantly its culture and worldview . 
  france 's interests need to be taken into consideration , but not at the cost of everything else . 
  i guess it depends on your pov . 
  the `` western '' part of die linke comes from wasg , the disgruntled ex-spd left-wing which broke off after agenda 2010 . 
  these are the `` dogmatists '' and `` true believers '' , the pseudo-intellectuals who think themselves marxists waiting for the `` inevitable world revolution '' . 
  the former pds ( which is mostly in the east ) also contains utter nuts ( like wagenknecht 's kommunistische plattform ) , old sed-cadres and connections ( which could , partially , really be called neo-stalinist ) but also a more realistic outlook and not the frothing-at-the-mouth dogmatism that the old wasg exuded at every corner . 
  it 's typical french strategic outlook . 
  that is - distilled to its core - what drove the franco-british accord of st. malo ( from the french perspective ) and also forms the reason why csdp has gotten nowhere : other eu member states just do n't feel any reason to turn themselves into the resource providers french politicans would like to have for their foreign policy in africa . 
  and this is also why this is but old wine in new skins and why it wo n't happen . 
  edit : i found his talk about `` sovereignty '' rather galling , especially since french presidents have made it clear time and time again that they would not give up an ounce of sovereignty in the defense sphere ( hollande was just the latest ) while they expect everyone else to compromise ? 
  wtf ? 
   the euro was a necessity to get france to agree to the unification . 
  that is not a given , but in his haste to cement his place in history not only he trampled any democratic principle by autocratically deciding the course and forcing the entire political system to come alone , but especially he ignored the overwhelming and definite refusal of the entire german society and the myriad of warning voices that said the mere idea was nuts . 
  and i say that as someone who grew up in eastern germany . 
  the only reason to do so is to prevent a red-red-green coalition which would put die linke into a position of power . 
  having grown up in eastern germany i 've had more of their predecessor party 's `` politics '' than i ever wanted to sample . 
  i never voted for any of the big parties after 2005 , i always chose the small `` freie w\u00e4hler '' ( conservative , but not cdu ) . 
  i voted for spd in 1998 because i wanted to get rid of kohl , i stayed with schr\u00f6der in 2002 because i did n't want stoiber and neither did i want participation in the iraq war but in 2005 i switched to freie w\u00e4hler because i could not give my vote to any of the major parties anymore . 
  wagenknecht got called up for a pro-stalin comment in 2006 by klaus bednarz ( a relatively prominent german journalist ) , sued him in court and lost . 
  as such she can be safely called neo-stalinist . 
  the thuringian situation ( and the situation in the east of germany wrt die linke ) is dissimilar to the overall federal level . 
  the party - in the western federal states - consists mostly of social-romantic nutjobs who cry after the cozy 1970s , hardcore left-wingers who yammer for `` world revolution '' and all those well-off salon socialists who debate the fine points of marxism and drone on about the `` oppression of the masses '' over an expensive vintage of wine , prosciutto di parma and other niceties ... bodo ramelow is one of the few relatively sane politicians in the party , that is why he actually had success in thuringia . 
  on the federal level die linke is too dogmatic especially in foreign policy ( which can be equated as anti-american , anti-capitalist and unashamed ass-crawling into putin 's rear ) to be even theoretically capable of governing . 
  and then come their ludicrous economic ideas ... 
  the current spd has little to do with the spd of the 1998 - 2005 period . 
  the same as the greens of today bear little relation to the party joschka fischer headed in the same timeframe . 
  today both are plagued by indecision , infighting between the different wings and - at least in the spd - a growing desperation for power , which may or may not let them make the stupid mistake of getting into bed with the post-communist die linke . 
  simple . 
  to me schulz is overly ambitious ( concerning himself ) . 
  he also seems to be a driven one , driven by the mirage of `` europe '' and i am afraid he may sacrifice german sovereignty on the altar of `` europe '' for his personal place in history . 
  kohl was the same , he sold out german interests and the d-mark to french blackmailing and now we 're saddled with the euro which only causes friction . 
  edit : as another facet is his long service inside the `` brussels bubble '' and his total inexperience in german domestic politics . 
  brussels is a much different stage than berlin . 
  exactly . 
  die linke is a dogmatic party which should never get close to any real power . 
  that a neo-stalinist and dogmatic marxist like wagenknecht is co-chair of the party says everything that needs to be said . 
  reading terrabytes from a bunch of photos is precisely the armchair general attitude that has nothing to do with serious defense planning . 
  not that the latter happened in germany since 1990 , either . 
  i do n't really care about him not having finished high school , i am more skeptical because he has no experience on the german political plain and comes from the `` brussels bubble '' of ludicrous speech and dumb ideas . 
  that , and that i regard him as a bit too ambitious personally . 
  i worry about the stuff he may sacrifice for dubious returns . 
  damn , i may actually be forced to vote cdu to keep schulz as far away from any real power as possible . 
  not to mention that i do n't want a red-red-green coalition to piss away any economic dynamism germany still has or sacrifice our future on the altar of `` europe . '', 
  an author is doing what everyone else did , too - he read tea leaves , making ( some rather far-fetched ) assumptions based on a rather thin layer of facts . 
  which means he either wants to sell an aps or has a personal interest in procuring one . 
  we 'll never know how an a6 or a6m would have fared in that situation ... and i 'd rather not move into the territory of speculation and could be , would be , maybe ... edit : besides thesouthernzzz makes a very important point . 
  in modern mbts the armor is concentrated in the frontal zone ( which is where the highest threat usually comes from ) . 
  given the weight of modern mbts that means sides and rear areas are far less armored and therefor more vulnerable to enemy fire than the front . 
  and no , you ca n't armor everything the same way if you want the tank to be able to move at all . 
  armor - mobility - firepower are the three factors which need to be balanced against each other ever since the tank came onto the battlefield a hundred years ago . 
  oh , and neither an aps nor era panels are foolproof , anyway . 
  es&t is not really a `` fachblatt '' but the `` royal court and house propaganda paper '' of the german defense ministery and especially the defense contractors . 
  i read it from time to time if an article is of interest to me , but the majority is both politically-correct servility mixed with advertising for the major defense contractors . 
  the question of era or non-era additional armor is a question of philosophy - not to mention that era ( and active protection systems ) is a potential threat to accompanying infantry . 
  which is why aps has taken so long to make it to an ifv ( iirc the dutch decided to use an aps on their cv-90s ) . 
  secondly the article does n't mention that starting with the a5 turret roof armor was enhanced as well as additional applicque armor panels were installed on the turret sides . 
  essentially it is a folly to attempt to draw `` general conclusions '' from a bunch of photos and a bit of propaganda video material . 
  without a detailed investigation of what hit where and did what it is impossible to draw any great conclusions .
