  it 's a domestic political choice driven mostly by a lack of utility for a military in our political culture besides a strict self-defense scenario , a lack of a perceived threat that may require military preparations , some fiscal conservatism ( yeah , us krauts are penny-pinchers ) and a public mentality that views problems `` in countries far away inhabited by people of whom we know nothing '' as not our business in the first place . 
  so yes , germany really has become a `` bigger switzerland '' . 
  actually leaving nato and disbanding the bundeswehr would be intellectually more honest than the current bs our political fumblers are doing . 
  this country has been thoroughly ( mentally and intellectually ) demilitarized from the smallest citizen all the way up to the government . 
  they have already ... or are in the process . 
  exactly . 
  newly independent and want into the eu ? 
  there 's the end of the que . 
  you obviously did n't read the article in its entirety . 
  if i may quote :  he also shrugged off the idea that an independent catalonia might find itself outside the eu . 
  `` we have hundreds of european companies in catalonia . 
  the question is : if catalonia became an independent state , in whose interests would it be for catalonia to be out of the eu ? 
  not catalonia 's . 
  not spain 's either , '' romeva said . 
  `` catalonia is and will be an ally of spain for obvious reasons of markets and infrastructure , as well as cultural and linguistic reasons . 
  europe would n't want to lose such an economically and socially dynamic reality . 
  so this unthinking assumption that an independent catalonia would be kept out [ of the eu ] is false . '' the `` separatists '' themselves bring that up . 
  i just questioned their reasoning given the case of macedonia in which a ludicrous `` reason '' keeps the country out of the eu because of a member state 's veto . 
  the same , for a much more palpable reason , will be true for catalonia because of a spanish veto . 
  i find the automatic assumption that any such `` catalan state '' would be immediately included in the eu rather presumptous . 
  i mean macedonia is kept outside because greece is having a fit over its name . 
  why would the catalans expect spain not to veto their membership , especially if the `` european corporations '' alluded to in the article may be enticed to move to the remaining spanish territory in this case ? 
  i find the argument and attitude displayed utterly naive and downright ludicrous . 
  it reeks of an entitlement mentality . 
  the meteor is still not certified , that 's due for the end of this year iirc . 
  deliveries are planned to start only in 2017 but as it was said the 150 pieces ordered are a drop in the ocean . 
  now 1500 missiles , that would be a nice initial order me thinks . 
   can i ask how is the afghanistan mission seen in germany ? 
  i hope people do n't mind if i do n't mince words : it was seen as a pointless waste of money and lives ... and as one big political blowjob for uncle sam . 
   does the army at least get some sympathy when there are german casualties ? 
  locally , in the garrison towns where the memorial services are being held , yes , but not across the entire society . 
  most people did n't particularly care ( being wounded or killed is seen as an occupational hazard of a soldier ) , after all the soldiers volunteered to go there . 
  the view was ( and probably still is ) that they signed up and had to have known the risks . 
  some left-wing assholes even celebrated the deaths with champagne as `` demilitarization step by step '' . 
  that did n't endear them to the rest of the society , but it also did n't generate more `` sympathy '' for the soldiers , either . 
  i ca n't really give hard facts , but i do have the impression that germans view soldiers skeptically because they sign up for a service that may enable politicians to `` do stupid shit '' in the name of the country in the first place . 
  after all the central accusation of the 1968 student revolt was that their parents had not refused national-socialist demands and served the system faithfully until the end . 
  the notion seems to be that those who volunteer give the politicians a tool that they should n't have in the first place . 
  but that is all my personal speculation ... 
  a journalist said in 2014  the bundeswehr is the army of the german parliament , it 's not the army of the german people . 
  that imo fits like a glove . 
  i have the distinct impression that people see the bundeswehr as yet another federal german agency that serves `` them up there '' whereas `` us down here '' have to cough up the taxes to pay for it . 
  there seems to be absolutely no connection between the society writ large and the armed forces on the federal level ( whereas the garrison towns have quite a good and tight relationship with `` their '' units ) . 
  probably a leftover from the cold war where the bundeswehr was but a speed bump for the red army . 
  or , as the acidic tongue joked , `` to amuse ivan at the border until real soldiers arrive '' . 
  the entire situation was shizophrenic : it was supposed to prepare for a war that everyone knew would see the end of germany as a country , people and culture ( because of nuclear weapons on both sides ) and so everyone hoped that war would never come ( which , by association , made the bundeswehr a somewhat superfluous institution ) . 
  that kinda turned the military into a very dangerous beast that needed to be muzzled , shackled to a wall , kept inside its kennel and not let out because it could turn around and bite the owner simply because of its inherent nature ( as an institution of state-authorized violence ) . 
  apart from that i 've once read an interesting theory . 
  for the nazis refusing military service was treason and was punished heavily ( by death ) . 
  the post-war state offered a choice not to do military service , but the society valorized that `` right to refuse '' to such a degree that some wonder whether or not this is more about retroactive rejection of the ns regime and not refusing was seen in certain quarters as a a serious question mark wrt the person 's character ( kinda `` so you would have participated in a firing squad back then , would n't you ? '', 
  kind of accusation ) . 
  of course that was a theory , but given the vehemence with which some political circles valorize ( d ) the choice to do alternative civil service makes me wonder whether or not that actually has some true core . 
  today the bundeswehr is invisible in most of germany . 
  apart from the areas where the units are garrisoned you can probably live your entire life without seeing a soldier in uniform . 
  it 's out of people 's minds and when the media reports on it it 's mostly scandals or `` amusing '' mishaps . 
  that , combined with the pr ineptitude i alluded to , draws the picture of a `` club of weirdos '' , jokers and failures . 
  it 's not seen as a prestigious career path and contrary to other nations service does n't bring advantages ( like education or health insurance - because the state already provides that for all ) . 
  it 's more seen as a melting pot for military fetishists , militarists , potential right-wingers and all those failures who could n't find another ( better ) job . 
  explanation for those who do n't quite make the connection : raf = red army faction - a left-wing terrorist organisation that operated within germany since the early 1970s until the end of the 1990s . 
  if one takes a close look at bw pr over the past few years one can not shake the impression that they 're afraid of ** any ** kind of potentially negative feedback , no matter how small or minor that may be . 
  to me this stinks of a servile subserviance to the political leadership to the point of trying to prevent politically problematic ( and therefor costly ) incidents at the cost of pretty much anything else . 
  case in point : the bundeswehr inspector general had a major hand in designing the ( debilitating ) roes in afghanistan - which were aimed first and foremost at preventing unwanted incidents ( so that mps would n't have to answer pointed questions why they signed on to the mandate and why german soldiers were in afghanistan in the first place ) . 
  as such the inspector general ( and with him the bundeswehr leadership ) put political correctness and compatibility with a certain political view ( no matter how unrealistic that one may have been ) above his responsibility for the lifes of the soldiers they wanted to send to afghanistan and their ability to actually achieve something . 
  the entire pr around the mission ( until it blew in their faces over the kunduz affair ) reflects this `` do n't cause a ruckus ! '', 
  dictum that 's so overwhelming that it 's stifling the military and the public debate . 
  and that trend has even intensified over the last two years or so ... 
  the bundeswehr is scared of doing pr - i 've got the impression they 'd prefer to lock themselves away and not have any interactions with the people at all . 
  there could be , you know , some not so overly positive reactions ... * #insert rolleyes smiley here # *, 
  what rtft said . 
  which of the other babbling non-entities could be a serious challenger ? 
  gabriel ? 
  lol , thanks for the laugh . 
  steinmeier ? 
  got burned in 2009 and wo n't try again . 
  other parties ? 
  too small to provide the chancellor . 
  despicable political wrangling from some conservative politicians on the back of 9 dead people . 
  ` scuse me , got ta go puke . 
  the us massively supported saddam against the mullahs . 
  back then saddam was `` a son of a bitch , but at least he was our son of a bitch '' . 
  iran was the target and saddam 's iraq was the proxy . 
   that 's the same idiocy us republicans spew when they whine about the american people not wanting to pay so much for nato . 
    germans are overwhelmingly in support of the eu . 
  simple as that . 
  only the nazis and other nutjobs from parties such as the afd are against europe . 
  and they are just bigoted fringe groups that only have any semblance of success because they use terrorism to scare people in the light of the so-called refugee `` crisis '' ( which also is effectively just a manufactured one promoted by populists ) . 
  then look at polls what germans are willing ( or rather not willing ) to tolerate with regards to fiscal measures : https://www.yahoo.com/news/poll-germans-strongly-against-eurobonds-152326506.html 79 % against `` eurobonds '' ( aka shared liabilities ) http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-germany-poll-idustre81p0bw20120226 62 % reject the greek bailout round in 2012 http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c5ba1f82-14a8-11e3-b3db-00144feabdc0.html#axzz4f9mkzgzi in 2013 52 % rejected any further funds for bailouts and 72 % rejected a `` transfer union '' . 
  so your `` argument '' is blind on one side - because it fails to understand that while germans are n't going to do a #dexit anytime soon that does n't mean we 're willing to go the federalization route with all that entails . 
  but your last paragraph shows whose kid you are - [ sarcasm on ] have fun in the eussr , maybe you 're going to be given a post in the propaganda and agitation department by the new politburo . 
  [ sarcasm off ] you accuse me of `` speaking for the european people '' with the drivel you wrote ? 
  really ? 
  you misunderstood me ... 
  i am against a eu superstate , i am for a return to the pre-maastricht eec . 
  why ? 
  because we 've seen that populations across europe are not willing to share burdens - germans do n't want to be the eu 's piggybank and paymaster , the east does n't want a common immigration and asylumn policy etc etc ... any talk of any `` eu government '' is premature by several generations if not a century or two . 
  imo , of course . 
   control over the means of violence is the most basic foundation of sovereignty , this is what they teach you on your first day in polisci . 
  without a competent military capable of projecting power , a political entity is severely handicapped in any sort of foreign diplomacy . 
  and guess what ? 
  most germans these days think friedrich ii 's old adage of `` diplomacy without arms is like an orchestra without instruments . '',
