  and that would n't advance anything . 
  the problem is we do n't trust the `` club med '' countries to actually keep the promises they 've made . 
  heck , we do n't even trust our own politicians not to lie when they open their mouths . 
  such a scheme is based on trust and trust is the very thing that the euro crisis has squandered among the german population . 
  why does the german public refuse to budge even a millimeter on greek debt even if everyone knows that it ca n't be repaid ? 
  because we do n't believe the political system and the state are willing to really change their profligate ways and `` do better '' in the future . 
  all of the talks in my immediate circle of friends and colleagues come down to this : * give greece a little finger and the `` club med '' will rip off your arm right at the shoulder . 
  * this is a very serious crisis of trust . 
  and as the old saying goes `` losing trust is easy , regaining it very difficult . '', 
  as such i see this as the fundamental obstacle and one that can not be overcome easily or within a short period of time . 
   it 's a big problem , but one that can be solved . 
  and how ? 
  quite frankly the german position is as unmovable as that of the net recepients : the net payers refuse to enter such a scheme without having a say in how that money is spent and the net recepients want the money but not the oversight/control by outside forces . 
  this is the paradox of the euro - it 's a political project that came generations if not centuries before the common people were willing to support all the policies that are needed to sustain it . 
  correct . 
  which is why i support a return to national currencies . 
  still far too starry-eyed . 
  have you missed the increasing gap between those who have and those who have n't in germany ? 
  as long as the common people do n't profit directly and for quite some time from these riches there will be no way to make any `` sacrifices '' ( of the financial kind ) for something that would probably only end up enriching the 1 % even more . 
  really ? 
  i mean , sorry , but open your eyes and smell reality . 
  luxembourg 's entire gdp depends on being a banking haven - take that out and watch the country deflate . 
  the irish president has already scathily remarked that the irish company tax rate ( which was heavily criticized as `` dumping level '' ) is not up for debate . 
  for some countries this ai n't about `` fairness '' - it 's about being or not being . 
  as such i think you 're really naive about the amount of realpolitik and hard interests that really drives decisions ... 
  then we agree to disagree . 
  i vividly remember the nasty debates in the early 1990s and how quickly the political caste had to switch to a placatory tone that ended in the notorious `` no-bailout-clause '' of the maastricht treaty . 
  i just do n't believe people are attached enough to the eu to tolerate transfers and risks as high as they would be ( at least a two-digit number of billion $ per anno as transfers ) . 
   act of stupidy which is exactly what the political leadership in the entire eu has been guilty of for at least the past 25 years . 
  they have assumed to have a mandate for something that people were never told in detail nor were they asked whether they actually agreed . 
  that 's presumptousness of a mind-boggling scale . 
  this `` silent majority '' is also part of the majorities that wo n't stand for `` sordid details '' of federalization like a transfer union or joint debts ( and the polls prove that ) . 
  so while the eu in general is popular core aspects of a far-reaching goal of its are n't accepted at this point . 
  which is why i think federalization is something that wo n't happen before a century or two have passed and public attitudes across europe have converged more . 
   again , i think it is very contradictory that a country like ukraine has a legitimate pro-eu pro-liberty revolution , gets invaded by russia and we do nothing and then everybody acts like a crazy ex-girlfriend when the uk leaves . 
  ukraine and poland started their journey in the early 1990s on a comparable level - today poland is lightyears ahead of ukraine thanks to a level of nepotism , oligarchism and a self-service mentality among some societal groups in the latter that boggles the mind and that is entirely the fault of the ukrainian political setup and a society which gave a shyte for a long time . 
  i , as a hardcore cynic endowed with a massive streak of sarcasm , can say i do n't get worked up about #brexit and i certainly do n't get worked up about a very * realpolitik * course of not supporting a country that has flip-flopped several times in its history since 1992 over its alignment beyond a very basic cost-benefit-calculation . 
   where were our military resources when ukraine needed them ? 
  hey were held back because merkel did `` not want an escalation '' . 
  sorry , but it 's not merkel alone who never really considered aiding ukraine this way - it 's the overwhelming majority of europeans who reject this kind of `` support '' !, 
  if you are so gung-ho move to kiev and sign up as a volunteer . 
  i absolutely agree that europe has zero `` military '' options on ukraine , because - after all is said and done and the polished pr phrases have been said and forgotten - ukraine is simply not important enough to anyone here to risk a military conflict with a major nuclear power . 
  period . 
  the fact remains : put it on the political plate and watch a new explosion of public anger in germany . 
  the afd will pounce on this like a vulture on a cadaver and in that case i dare not to predict the outcome of next year 's general elections . 
  ps : the `` five presidents '' can publish their dreams as detailed and as often as they want . 
  the ultimate obstacle remain the taxpayers in the various member states and they will keep national politicians from agreeing to such schemes if their country would end up on the `` net payer '' list . 
   the whole invasion of ukraine and the execution of 300 dutch civilians , completely disastrous policies by germany . 
  ah yes ... the old `` blame germany '' scapegoatism . 
  i mean the uk were so much more intent on full sanctions ... as long as * the city * was exempted . 
  the french were also more gung-ho ... as long as the sale of the two * mistral * remained valid . 
  the italians are n't grumbling on sanctions , no ... it 's always the dastardly germans . 
  you can take over `` leading '' this flea circus called europe , okay ? 
  i 've got no problem with it . 
   germany does n't allow them to sink the boats and makes all the `` humanitarian moral superiority white guilt stuff '' is making people in the south angry . 
  pardon , but that 's hogwash . 
  it 's a european standard to adhere to the refugee conventions ( which , admittedly , come from a different age and do n't seem to be particularly applicable in times like ours ) - sinking boats is simply not humanitarian and does n't equate the `` values '' so many people trumpet when it suits them . 
   the east is angry at germany because it became pacifist and it cozies up with russia . 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it , too . 
  old adage , still true for pretty much all situations . 
   to regain the trust of europe germany must do two things : 1 ) take a hard stance on migration and start deterrence of migration . 
  2 ) take a hard stance on russia and start to prioritize safety ofer profit . 
  the first is de-facto in place , even though merkel has never publicly declared it . 
  the balkan route is closed ( and will stay that way ) and asylumn laws here have been tightened considerably . 
  i ca n't explain to you what merkel does in this aspect , though . 
  her behavior so far has been unlike anything she had exhibited before . 
  the second ... well , without the german people willing to support such a hardline course ( which majorities are n't ) you can not expect anything in this regard . 
  and given the tiny ( but for the german mindset highly relevant ) fact that russia is a nuclear power - and therefor has escalation dominance - and we are n't there is zero societal support for a tougher or even confrontational course . 
  merkel is about as `` tough '' on russia as german politicians get these days and about as `` tough '' on russia as the german constituency tolerates . 
  no , i was trying to point out that this `` little bit pregnant '' is n't working and will never work . 
  the alternatives are clear - either full federalization ( for which neither the political environment nor the public support in pretty much any member state exists ) or a return to a pre-maastricht eec . 
  anything else is window-dressing and a sign for political cowardice . 
   the fiscal union is coming . 
  i actually doubt that . 
  it 's not something the german society would accept at this time ... in fact the public rejection of such notions is so overwhelming that politicians here are unwilling to put the concept on the table . 
  they are afraid that it would give the afd a new topic to rant about and would drive even more people into their arms . 
  with considerable justification , if i may say so . 
  that is , pardon my french , far too simplistic . 
  it 's not `` merkel 's fault '' all the time . 
  that is a broth far too many cooks have contributed to . 
  it 's not just germany ( btw france has its mind elsewhere , too , and focuses on things more important to it ) . 
  in fact we have a europe that is split threefold wrt security perceptions and concerns : the east is looking at russia , the south is looking at the mena and magreb region and what 's brewing there and the north-west looks inward for the domestic security challenges there . 
  the same split is apparent within nato as well . 
  germany is a special case wrt the military sphere . 
  given the public mentality it would be much more honest to leave nato , dissolve the bundeswehr and go full `` magna helvetia '' . 
  what either german or french politicians want has never been explained in detail - all we have is lofty rhetorics and a bunch of political dogmas . 
  i actually doubt majorities in both countries would agree to such a course at this time ( in fact the french rejected the then `` eu constitution '' back in 2005 ) . 
  as such i regard both merkel 's and hollande 's rhetorics as just that - rhetorics . 
  why ? 
  because the problems start once the `` sordid details '' of such a plan come into play and along with it the various `` red lines '' of the member states things get complicated awfully quickly . 
  and then we will hear voices of caution in abundance . 
  and what happens should the `` european president '' run a `` common foreign policy '' ( or a defense policy ) that displeases mr. kaczynski ? 
  pardon for not joining the chorus of doom on this ( despite the fact that i still ca n't fathom why merkel did what she did - it 's been so unlike her ) . 
  the afd with all its primitive slogans and seemingly easy solutions has imo peaked and is currently going through the paces pretty much every right-wing party has gone through - self-destruction through internal power struggles , further movement to the fringe ( which , in turn , will make it even more difficult for many to cast their votes in their favor ) and a string of rhetorics that just tick all the wrong checkboxes for most germans . 
  i doubt a repetition of the year 2015 is going to happen and as such the party will come off the wave it was riding . 
  it can and certainly does act as a spoiler - but only as such . 
  other parties are n't picking up that topic ( unless it 's the left fringe and they are even more pro immigration ) so the question boils down to the exact metrics of the vote in 2017 . 
  and that is yet impossible to forecast . 
  if merkel falls then it may be to a left-wing coalition - not exactly an anti-immigration coalition to begin with - and even if it may only happen because the conservatives ca n't find a majority of their own ( they 'll remain the strongest party ) . 
  merkel is probably safe unless something really drastic happens .
