  [ sarcasm on ] well , even a killer storm waters the garden . 
  [ sarcasm off ], 
  my personal view is that only an orderly dissolution of the euro can avert the big blowout . 
  that * will * cost , a lot , but it 's better to have a horrific end than endless horror . 
  attitudes and cultures are just too divergent in this area to allow for a common currency because neither side is able and willing to swallow the compromises necessary to make it work . 
   a visionary chancellor ( oder vieleicht finanzminister ) must be thinking about what she could demand in return . 
  germany has been quite clear on that for ages : if you want access to our german purse you better behave and think like germany in all things fiscal ( no currency manipulation , living within your means etc ) . 
  that price is too steep for other nations ( naturally ) but the inverse is equally impossible - germany will not give up its own fundamental views on fiscal and economic policy , either . 
  you 're right - it does n't work ( or wo n't in the long run ) . 
  the problem is that the `` price '' as you have named it has been made clear in the maastricht treaty ( in a way ) and countries have made it clear they are not willing ( and able ) to `` pay that price '' . 
  you wo n't turn countries like italy or greece into somewhat smaller versions of germany - that is a cultural impossibility . 
  and it is another cultural impossibility to expect germany to simply suck it up and become the sugar daddy for the other eu members . 
  as such - both sides essentially expect the other to conform to their own expectations but both sets are mututally exclusive . 
  a high-risk low-yield attempt at the financial version of praying to some unnamed divinity to come and sort out the mess ? 
  the eu is divided in two camps and both are viewing things from incompatible povs . 
  a fiscal union would either be a foul compromise that would generate only foul mood and mutual accusations or one side would have to give up their fundamental view on fiscal and economic policy ... which is n't going to happen . 
   `` european treasury with mutualised debts '' lol . 
  as if that will happen . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  as a politician you need to be able to `` bring across '' that you have both the skills and the intelligence for the job . 
  rhetorics is the tool for that ( that was what i meant by `` show '' ) . 
  if you ca n't express yourself , if you freeze if you have to speak in front of a crowd or if you ca n't get your point across to the audience you can be a near-perfect fit skill-wise but your competitor who is better verbally may trounce you at the ballot box - because he got his point across and you did n't . 
  well , i guess there needs to be a bit of a balance there . 
  our current crop has the unfortunate habit of avoiding personal responsibility at any cost and prefers to kick the can down the road on a number of things that may need timely answers ( like the pension system , like the overdue reform on intra-german federalism etc ) . 
  too many `` sacred cows '' are languishing in the stable but no longer give enough milk to be viable ( so to speak ) . 
  but nobody dares to think about slaughtering them ( = enacting reforms ) because they fear taking a `` wrong '' position and get damaged by that . 
  this is where a lack of `` character '' comes into play ... the unwillingness to actually use the mandate one has been given and leave the personal comfort zone to actually promote and advance some project or reform package . 
  correct - to a certain degree . 
  politics still contains a bit of `` show element '' , politicians put themselves up for a vote and need to `` captivate '' the electorate . 
  it need n't ( and frankly - should n't ) be the cloak & dagger show the us electoral campaign is these days , but even here in germany i doubt a totally bland * apparatchik * monotonously listing things will do particularly well in an election . 
  secondly without people taking a lead - or , translated into real life terms , take a chance and accept personal responsibility to enable a project or a political decision - politics become totally managerial and unable to react timely to societal , economic or political changes of the environment . 
  he may be rhetorically gifted , but it remains to be seen whether he will be able to actually use that . 
  part of my personal skepticism about him is his `` head-in-the-clouds '' euro federalist woolgathering streak he displayed whenever he had the chance to . 
  question is if that is genuine or if he will temper it by electoral realities in germany ( keyword : money ) . 
  but it * also * keeps away those with talent , interest and ambition . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the talented and ambitious ones go into the economy , politics get `` the remains '' . 
  and the current crop of politicians embodies that issue perfectly . 
  little hint - google for an article named `` die selbstgefesselte republik '' . 
  was written by a die-hard transatlanticist ( so some of the conclusions are pretty argh ) , but it puts the finger into the wound and adds a pinch of salt to rub it in . 
  the problem is if only those with the thickest skin - the `` managers '' - can rise to the top because the talented and interested ones have given up in frustration years before reaching any significant level how is politics supposed to function well enough ? 
  edit : here 's the relevant excerpt from the english version :  instead , germany 's culture relies on a kind of politico-bureaucratic darwinism : leadership positions are conferred on those who , having clambered laboriously up the career ladder and survived old boys ' networks , hierarchies , the seniority principle , tribal warfare , male feminism , and sundry other mechanisms designed to repress temperament and talent , finally surmount the first ridge in relatively unbowed condition ( at about 50 years of age ) . 
  the consequences of this process are on permanent display in our politics . 
  in a political culture that institutionalizes immaturity , the lack of mature characters should not come as a surprise . 
  he 's even worse ... because he is tactically inept and does n't even seem to have the slightest amount of personal beliefs . 
  the controversy over ttip has seen him preach skepticism in public but `` under the table '' he pushed for signing ttip . 
  this is but an example of his inconsistency . 
  merkel is simply adept enough to mask that . 
   why does the spd and cdu not have a single politician with charisma ? 
  because our party system is set up to weed out those charismatic folks lest one of them could do a * f\u00fchrer 2.0 * ? 
   the managerial blandness of our political establishment is not an accident , it 's the result of our political and structural setup . 
  i think it 's rather that he has been pretty much a non-issue in german politics . 
  he was one of '' * those * '' who made a bit of hoo-haa in brussels but that 's about it . 
  give him time , he 'll probably hit a few `` fettn\u00e4pfchen '' of his own pretty soon . 
  given the party-internal `` options '' that is actually what i 'd call hard-nosed realism . 
  if you ca n't , then you ca n't ... 
  the biggest weather vane in german politics . 
  lack of any discernable backbone , unwilling to shoulder any personal responsibility , prone to flip-flopping on issues even more ( and in ways worse ) than merkel ... 
  in short gabriel is not a leadership figure because he does n't embody characteristics of decent leadership . 
  ever heard of the concept of `` combined arms warfare '' ? 
  viewing tanks as if divorced from its support is pointless because it becomes a theoretical experiment in a sterile lab . 
  the `` principle '' is pretty much unanimous imo , it 's the conclusions ( and therefor the scope of actions taken ) drawn that bring the disagreements . 
  and you wo n't lose that because different nations with different cultures and histories have drawn different conclusions from their experiences . 
  unless you wish to remove that - which you ca n't - you ca n't enforce that level of unity . 
  and besides - whatever else it may have been , the eu was and still is a bazaar on which political horsetrading was and is the norm . 
  a realist would always keep that in mind and not expect miracles just because some lofty rhetorics claim differently . 
   like i said , germany is more of an outlier , i do n't think it 's only a matter of distance from the conflict zones rather than a matter of germans being against war due to their recent past . 
  you forget that france is n't really that interested in confronting moscow because of paralleling interests in the middle east . 
  or spain and italy , which both have vastly different priorities ( which are both to the south of the mediterranean sea ) . 
  germans are mostly skeptical of any military touch because of our specific past - that i agree with . 
  it 's just that we ( as the `` big blob '' in the middle of the eu ) tend to draw more interest which lets other nations fly under the radar . 
  the same thing happened during the worst of the euro crisis when many countries were not thrilled with the prospect of bailouts but germany ( as the biggest economy ) drew most of the international ire simply because of our size . 
   countries farther away such as france or spain are not so unwilling as germany to offer their economic and military support to their partners in the east , hence the french soldiers which are being sent to estonia in the op . 
  you should look at the small print . 
  france is really doing not a tick more than it really has to , partially because of its own commitments in other areas , partially because the french strategic community has its focus outside europe ( in africa and the middle east ) and sees moscow as a potential partner in these areas . 
  or have you forgotten the mistral saga ? 
  germany has also pledged forces and will lead a battalion in latvia ( which is n't much different from what the uk does or the forces france has pledged ) . 
   but it does , it 's not shared by everyone , however most people fortunately do recognize that having to deal with economic stagnation in their home countries does not exclude the possibility of taking a stand against aggressive neighbors . 
  it produces , however , vastly different levels of willingness when it comes to supporting `` countermeasures '' . 
  lots of germans may be willing to support economic sanctions ( to a certain point ) , but are not willing to put the issue onto the military plane at all . 
  which is why i regard `` solidarity '' as just another rhetoric smoke grenade ... and like i said with growing geographic distance the issue becomes less and less important for oneself . 
  that is a natural thing , it has happened all the time , it will happen a lot of times in the future . 
   solidarity between european countries is indispensable in vital matters such as foreign invasions and blatant breaches of territorial integrity . 
  `` solidarity '' in this sense does n't exist . 
  we should n't blind ourselves to that simple reality . 
  the impact of economic woes across the `` western world '' has driven a lot of people into `` inner isolationism '' and these people would prefer not to be asked to put resources into things they do n't perceive as important for their lives . 
  and with growing geographic distance to the trouble spot the personal impact diminishes greatly . 
  that 's a simple reality of life . 
  let 's be frank : most people simply could n't care less whether crimea is under russian or ukrainian control . 
  and many do n't get worked up about `` principles '' anymore , especially not when they are dealing with problems far closer to home ( and with more relevance for their daily experiences ) . 
  isolationism drives a lot more of this disregard than any perceived `` susceptibility '' to russian pseudo-reports . 
  no idea , really . 
  actually the t-72 / 90 and t-80 are two very different tank lines . 
  the t-72 was an attempt to simplify the t-64 line ( which was only given to `` better '' units of the red army - especially guards ) and it existed parallel to the t-64 . 
  the t-80 is a development of the t-64 line , again being reserved for `` better '' units of the red army . 
  the t-90 is but a t-72b with a wholly new turret and a bunch of additional ( modern ) systems - it actually began its life as t-72bu . 
  why the russian armed forces have moved to the t-14 designation is unknown to me ... 
   while he may have anti-nato sentiments , he also seems to have strong sentiments for eu 's ability to defend itself , and mainly seems to be opposed to american hegemony ( which , given the current situation , might not be the worst position to take ) . 
  in other words - gaullism reloaded . 
  trouble is the rest of the continental eu has other views on how to interpret the phrase `` eu 's ability to defend itself '' and it does not include stationing forces all over africa .
