  macron will already have a very very hard time to get some minor reforms going against entrenched entitlement beliefs , socialist delusions and overpowered unions , he will have even less of a chance to tell his people ( and especially his political body ) that their cherished `` sovereignty '' and `` independence '' is not a one-way-street and if they wish to harness european resources they must compromise in this respect . 
  so far france has shown to be totally unwilling to even contemplate such a trade . 
  any `` political union '' ( as a prerequisite to a `` fiscal union '' ) means massive treaty change , in some countries potentially even change of the constitution ( including germany , where changes of constitution are nearly impossible due to the near constant electoral campaigning between local and federal state elections ) . 
  it would also mean killing and burying a `` sacred cow '' of the eu - the unequal voting weight . 
  if germany is supposed to sign up to such things it ca n't be that a dwarf like malta has roughly 300 % the voting weight compared to germany ( population wise ) . 
  such things come from a time far behind us when matters were more relaxed . 
  in such dire straits this can no longer be the case , if we 're on the hook for 27 % of the money we 've got to have 27 % of the voting weight . 
  but smaller countries will never agree to their priveleges being removed , they 'd rightly fear of getting trampled by the big dogs . 
  as such i see a political union as rather unlikely to downright impossible , which immediately invalidates any call for fiscal union . 
  with all due respect : any goddamned country in the eurozone is in it for its own national reasons , for its own damned interest . 
  but us , the dastardly germans , should not look at our own national interests ( and right now not becoming liable to political scheming in other countries without having a say in their affairs - also known as `` political union '' seems like the more pressing `` national german interest '' ) and and become the idiot sugardaddy for the eurozone and all those political establishments who are desperately trying to avoid upsetting their national status quo even though they know the day when that will no longer be possible will come rather sooner than later ? 
  are you seriously asking me to hand over a good slice of the cash i earn based on little more than some fluffy rhetorics , a dim but idealistic ( and utterly dumb ) hope and empty promises that have already been broken since the early 1990s ? 
  really ? 
  if you want to be so endlessly altruistic then please donate your money to a charity group , but leave me out of that madness , thank you very milking much ... edit : maybe a bit older but it does show the real opinion on eurobonds and all that `` transfer union '' talk inside germany . 
  she does n't have a mandate for such idiocies and wo n't get one in september . 
  the public in germany is in no mood to even contemplate such things . 
  people want german taxpayer money to be spent on german domestic issues , not to lessen the pressure on foreign governments to reform . 
  public pressure to let any political establishment off the hook on reforms by giving them backdoor access to the german taxpayer purse ? 
  dude , what are you smoking ? 
  people have been , are and will remain against any debt mutualization ... any party that really wants to get routed in the september election can try this , of course , but then i 've heard you ca n't achieve much as a political party outside the parliament . 
  personal note : if this eurobond madness became true i 'd leave the country ( and the entire eu ) . 
  unwind that fiat currency called euro . 
   the prussian military doctrine ( and whole society ) was very much based on blind obedience to superiors / the ruling class . 
  actually it was n't . 
  blind obedience was not demanded or even wanted , in fact the modern term `` mission command '' accords a rather large amount of initiative and `` independence '' to the ncos and even individual soldiers and goes back directly to the prussian system . 
  of course the most independence was accorded to the officers and here especially the nobility ( being a result of the specific `` social contract '' between the ruler and the prussian nobility - see brandenburg recess ) . 
  case in point : during the battle of zorndorf frederick ii ordered general seydlitz to charge ( several times ) to which the general replied ( because he felt it was not the right time , yet ) :  tell the king that after the battle my head is at his disposal , but during the battle he may allow me to exercise it in his service . 
  this is , essentially , the old prussian meme `` be brave even before the king 's throne '' . 
  the wehrmacht and the national-socialist state perverted a lot of these things , increasingly demanding blind obedience and fanatism to the point of self-sacrifice . 
  to make a drastic point here : during ww1 the imperial german army executed 48 soldiers for various offenses , during ww2 the wehrmacht executed more than 22000 of its own soldiers , often for desertion or even refusal to do military service . 
  as such the wehrmacht was a lot more national-socialist than prussian . 
  or , as my old history schoolbook said :  whatever else prussia may have been , it was a state of law . 
  and the first thing the nazis abolished was the state of law . 
  on merkel ... 
  the lesser evil , especially compared to potential alternatives . 
  still far too dogmatic on `` europe '' for my liking , meaning she gives the project , its current institutions and current representatives far too much value in her considerations and remains rhetorically unwilling to call a spade a spade . 
  too much hanging onto the political project $ uro and too unwilling to make the tough decision to end that failure before we all get dragged to the bottom and drown . 
  same for her domestic policies - far too few reforms ( i.e. 
  pension system , tax system , health system etc ) and too focused on not stepping on anyone 's toes for reasons of power . 
  actually ordoliberalism is a much much better fit for the general mentality of germans than the usually applied ( intentional ) misinterpretation of keynes that is all the rage in so many countries ( and that got into trouble because of their misuse of it ) . 
  niceties need to be financed , they are not a universal right . 
  a state can only generate money through taxes , but it ca n't overdo it or the enterpreneurs ( who generate the jobs and the wealth ) will either not appear or will move somewhere else . 
  and then ? 
  you sound as if you think you are entitled to a generous social net . 
  maybe you ought to remember that this very net is dependent on the economy running - which it ca n't if you strangle it with undue overregulation or if you treat it like an enemy . 
  if you do n't have a competetive economy you wo n't have the money for any social niceties . 
  france 's calcified jobs market is a prime example of what happens when this simple fact is being ignored for too long ( greece was a somewhat different matter ) . 
  good morning . 
  i have to admit that answer was a bit too `` emotional '' and did n't truly answer your question . 
  let me try again , short as it may be , with two examples . 
  i do not see any economic policy capability within die linke on the federal level because of their constant drumbeat of `` social net '' and their constant references to `` taxing the living daylights out of anyone with money '' . 
  to me that is the same old , same old class warfare rhetorics and 19th century marxism . 
  this ignores that we 're living in times when large sums of money can be transfered to other parts of the world with the click of a mouse . 
  money can and will look for `` greener shores '' these days if the environment changes for the worse . 
  to me this inherent class warfare thinking in left-wing politics will certainly lessen inequality here ... it will destroy lots and lots of smes , will drive out larger corporations and all those remaining behind will be equally miserable . 
  die linke is the political voice of a current that fights against any expression of german state authority . 
  this is visible in their near constant decrying of `` police brutality '' every time a left-wing demonstration gets out of hand ... 
  remember the riots in frankfurt/m when the new ecb hq was opened ? 
  same goes for the bundeswehr , for example . 
  every time a soldier sneezes die linke is quick to shout `` militarism '' , even though the definition of militarism says  militarism is the belief or the desire of a government or a people that a country should maintain a strong military capability and be prepared to use it aggressively to defend or promote national interests [ ... ] does that sound like germany these days ? 
  and what makes it so galling for me is the memory of the near constant parades the former east german dictatorship held at every lousy `` feiertag '' and which was governed by the party that was the forerunner of today 's linke and with which it never truly broke . 
  edit : after re-reading this i am not sure i can get my point across . 
  sorry about that . 
  i grew up in the former east german dictatorship . 
  anyone hanging on to the stuffy claptrap of 19th century marxism shows its inability to modernize and live in the here and now . 
  and anyone heading a * communist platform * while having some warm words for a mass murderer like stalin is not someone fit for a political post and that the party does n't discard such inappropriate beliefs shows it 's not fit for political responsibility in government either . 
  ps : die linke is the heir to the last militaristic state tradition on german soil . 
  their so-called pacifism is not something i believe in , because i see it motivated more in rejection of the west german political traditions , its political system and a general hostility towards the united states . 
  to me is not honest pacifism and i believe they 'd make a quick 180-degree-turn if they ever got into government as strongest party . 
  only to crawl up moscow 's rear . 
  alt-right echochamber most likely . 
  #facepalm #, 
  the problem of the left is its dogmatism , its ideological inability to compromise and especially its hard hard-left representative in the person of sarah wagenknecht . 
  she represents a part of the party that makes it unable to govern . 
  i consider that one very unlikely . 
  look at what happened in the saarland - lots of people voted against that option and the cdu would be stupid not to pressure the spd to show their true colours here . 
  the spd knows that if they do n't rule out that coalition they may be in for a world of electoral hurt . 
  the problem is that hofreiter and co are more likely to behave like the stereotypical green * oberlehrer * ( knowitall ) who wishes to `` educate '' the `` uninformed '' because `` he knows best '' . 
  remember the veggie day farce in 2013 ? 
  baden-w\u00fcrttemberg is a special case that is entirely due to the candidate there . 
  journalists have called kretschmann a `` green conservative '' and that is pretty apt a description . 
  kretschmann personifies the type of politician many germans prefer - pragmatic , not prone to loud-mouthed rhetorics , down-to-earth . 
  erm ... the vote of confidence was called by schr\u00f6der himself who wanted to either discipline his coalition or to allow for earlier elections ( i think it was the latter ) . 
  we gave up the hobby of driving tracked vehicles through neighboring countries long ago . 
  the party leadership is currently in the hands of the left wing . 
  the greens alternate between its two wings and right now the party base seems more inclined towards the left wing . 
  problem with that is the conservative wing of the cdu and especially the csu wo n't touch these greens with a 10-m-pike . 
  unlikely . 
  hofreiter and his `` head-in-the-clouds '' nutters from the left wing wo n't allow it ... even though only candidates from the `` realo '' wing had any electoral success of late . 
  he realized that the cushy social hammock of the 1970s was no longer sustainable . 
  to break the impasse between him and the left-wing defenders of a mythical `` social state '' he broke with his left wing , initiated the agenda 2010 and massively restructured the social benefit system of germany . 
  in the end he managed to lower the non-wage related labor costs while the left-wing broke off from the spd , founded its own party ( currently `` die linke '' ) and continues to propagate its own social-romantic mirage of the good old times . 
  the spd lost quite a bit of its base there and then ... 
  but it 's rather unlikely ... not to mention somewhat instable . 
  on the municipal and federal state level it may work with reasonable people , but on the grand political stage in berlin the greens and the liberals are united in mutual dislike to the point of loathing . 
  oh , the drama queening is stronk in here ... #facepalm #, 
  nope , simple majority would be needed . 
  looks like yet another `` grand coalition '' ... 
  which has exactly how much to do with the afd itself being unwilling to accept any responsibility but form a loud-mouthed spoiler opposition for the `` basement nazis '' in its establishment ? 
  not really .
