  oh please ... 
  libya was n't a `` european '' idea , it was one of then-president sarkozy . 
  most european states stayed away - which riled french politicians - and even most british politicians and military leaders were downright skeptical . 
  personally : i was against the intervention as i had the distinctive impression that western media and public opinion were being played by the `` poor freedom-seeking libyan rebels '' ... which later turned out to be the core of the islamist groupings in eastern libya . 
  even a un report later confirmed that the `` threat of genocide '' was wildly overblown and beyond any capability of the ghaddafi regime to enact . 
  the libya affair had all the trappings of a very bad b-movie script : underdogs so underdoggish that the term `` stereotype '' is stretched already , one `` evil '' protagonist who 's tried to act the part but came across more like a bad comedian , a `` white knight in shining armor '' so ridiculously overdrawn that one can get queasy and a cast of wooden actors that manage to make the bad script even worse . 
  and as the cherry on the icing you had a clueless german foreign minister playing the role of the stupid court jester to such perfection that he 's actually more annoying than amusing . 
  oh , the fun of centralized presidential traditions of france vs the distributed power and the consensus traditions of post-war germany . 
  you can see these two diametrically opposed ways of thinking in the two posts above . 
  in fact this difference in conducting political business - along with the differences on military force per se - are the main stumbling stone between france and germany and neither is capable of acceding to the arguments of the other as they come from a much different mindset and politcal reality . 
  just as it 's inconceivable for a french politician to lay the decision power on sending troops into the hands of a parliament it 's inconceivable to a german politician that it 's the executive which has the right to send troops without convening the parliament . 
  * vive la difference !, 
   with it 's ~ ~ geopolitical ~ ~ * economic * power fixed that for you . 
  the french state has its foundation in the time of charlemagne and his immediate successors . 
  the german and italian national states are both a product of modernity because of them being splintered for centuries into tiny states and principalities . 
  i ca n't say much about italy ( because i do n't know enough ) but the german identity is based on the common german language and did not really begin to form until the middle of the 16th century and luther 's translation of the bible into german . 
  the idea of a united german national state has its roots only in the late 18th century and the ideals of the french revolution . 
  as such the idea already existed and had time to disseminate when the abortive revolution in germany in 1848 attempted to build such a nation state . 
  when bismarck 's political machinations led to the founding of imperial germany in 1871 he could already lean on solid national-conservative and national-liberal factions inside the german political scene . 
  in the case of germany a uniting identity predated the construction of a national state by at least two centuries and the idea of such a national state by a third of a century . 
   we must create a common defense policy . 
  that 's being tried since 1999 and the results speak for themselves . 
  the initial franco-british declaration was not simply to codify their bilateral cooperation but to `` transplant the outward-looking internationalist strategic cultures of france and britain onto the rest of europe '' . 
  fast forward to 2011 and libya . 
  did this work anywhere ? 
  nope , most eu member states stayed away . 
  a common policy of 28 member states requires a close similarity in political cultures ( does n't exist ) , similar goals and outlooks ( do n't exist ) and an agreement on means of enacting policies ( does n't exist , either ) . 
  a lot more doable and sensible would be regional clustering as propagated by polish figures for the east , the franco-british accords or the dutch-belgian naval cooperation . 
  for europe as a whole probably not . 
  but answer me this : why should germans agree to a system in which they may be forced to send troops into a situation that goes against every single deeply-ingrained instinct and conviction ? 
  let 's face it : once it comes to central core values or core features of some country 's political identity the willingness to integrate into europe is measured by europe 's closeness to one 's own ideas . 
  in europe this means the franco-british strategic culture ( internationalist , interventionist , outward-looking ) is ad odds with that of germany ( non-interventionist , inward-looking , passive ) and that of most other eu member states . 
  this can be seen in the run-up to operation `` serval '' in mali in 2013 and especially over libya in 2011 . 
  and the result ? 
  disunity and disharmony . 
  you missed my point . 
  europe has a history of several thousand years of violence , of strife . 
  the european integration is less than a century old , some serious parts of it less than 25 years . 
  this , in my opinion , is change at a speed that people can not really digest . 
  euroskepticism is in parts due to this - people were n't given the time to digest the changes of 1989/1990 and then they were taken for a ride by eurocrats who advanced integration at a speed that is simply reckless . 
  i advocate letting this project develop at its natural pace and not being forced through backroom deals , political machinations and tina arguments or fait accompli . 
  that may be true , but invoking the concept to argue for a `` united states of europe '' just shows how deep the differences in thinking are . 
  french politicians are often motivated by the concept of `` la grande nation '' and french glory . 
  other nations and people simply do n't . 
  how much unity ( that can be relied on ) can be expected when we have such basic and drastic differences in thinking ? 
  the us , despite having been born out of a war of independence , took over 150 years to iron out the system it needed to work and its federal reserve needed three attempts to find a working scheme ... in 1913 !!, 
  and the political and cultural differences between north and south erupted in a war of secession and another century of racial discrimination in the south . 
  the us shows how difficult forging a nation is , even if it 's born out of a victorious war , less cultural differences and a mindset of `` starting fresh '' . 
  none of this is present in europe ... and instead we have states with long histories and hard identities . 
  i think the situations are not comparable . 
  the us can but give hints at the difficulties of the task and the time this takes . 
  oh , we think `` strategically '' in this . 
  we are clear on our goal : we do n't want to be on the hook for someone else . 
  we 're not some piggy bank that 's somehow always full ( as if by magic ) . 
  i 'd have actually prefered greece to leave the eurozone in order to find its own balance again . 
  i 'm dead against debt mutualization , bailouts or any such tosh ... and i am all for debt relief once greece demonstrates that it can reform its system and especially that it can dismantle and destroy the networks of `` special interest groups '' that have sucked the state dry over the decades . 
  right now such debt relief would merely reanimate those networks and nothing would change . 
  in the end the ordinary people would be the losers again . 
   an executive branch that is able to use the military , at short notice to deal with emergencies , without going through onerous bureaucratic procedures funny you mention that . 
  remember a few months back when juncker published his paper on eu forces ? 
  shortly after a german conservative and the greens in germany both published papers on this topic and we debated them at the secdefpol blog site augengeradeaus.net ( pretty much the sole site dealing with such issues in germany ) . 
  the conservative politician actually had the guts to post and respond to answers on site , but generally his paper was picked apart and his cloud castles built out of vapor and political blabla were crushed . 
  the green paper was even worse , blathering about `` reduction of arms '' and `` control over a eu military in the hands of the european parliament '' . 
  this kind of nonsense shows just how far german politicians are willing to deal with security and defense ... namely not at all if possible and if not then only via lip service and some non-committal blabla . 
  and guess what germany , its society and especially politicians were trained to never do again ? 
  right ... thinking `` strategically '' . 
  the results are visible these days . 
  besides who says that `` thinking strategically '' would end up in policies that the us or the uk likes ? 
  i find this presumed end of doing `` the transatlantic thing '' rather curious . 
  who says europe would n't end up being a little more gaullistic than to london 's or washington 's liking ? 
  you 'd still have national constituencies needing to be convinced to pay for that . 
  imagine germany were presented with a big fat invoice labeled `` your share of the eu military budget '' . 
  look at how germans disregard the bundeswehr and how uninterested they are in it . 
  you really think there would n't be an outcry if 2 % of gdp would be demanded by eu institutions for an institution that most germans would n't consider as `` theirs , too '' ? 
  the same goes for any other nation ... 
  most states do n't see sense in spending 2 % of gdp on their national militaries so why should they be more willing to do so for an eu military over which they do n't have the full control ? 
  i think we should agree to disagree here . 
  such a process of unification has to happen first in the hearts and minds of europe 's citizens . 
  this is n't some bureaucratic order to be implemented , not something easily done . 
  this is a prerequisite to have , otherwise we 'll simply stumble along the path to dissolution and disintegration . 
  i , for example , will oppose forced federalism with all i have . 
  i do not feel `` european '' at all , i do n't buy the spin of `` europe united '' . 
  that 's a goal far far into the future , if it is attainable at all . 
  ps : there is a reason why both the french and the dutch have voted against the `` constitution '' . 
  i suspect the same would be true in any other member state . 
  why ? 
  because once people realize the pricetag of `` federalisation '' they will recoil ... simply because they are much more emotionally attached to their national identities and much much less to any `` european identity '' ( which i 'd regard as a fata morgana at this time ) . 
   our geopolitical power shows your national perspective . 
  very few people but the french and the brits care about their nation 's `` geopolitical power '' . 
  you think you can tell germans , czechs , slovaks or austrians about it ? 
  be my guest , at least it 'll provide a good laugh when you realize that the concept of national glory that is so central to french socio-political culture means less than nothing in other countries . 
  vive la difference !, 
  but even to go this route would require a unity on goals , means and interests that simply is n't there . 
  just installing a `` federal government '' for the eu against massive discontent is a fine recipe for the ultimate dissolution of the eu . 
  the second problem are national `` caveats '' . 
  i mean germany is less than lukewarm about using military force for anything and other nations are grumbling about a lack of `` solidarity '' . 
  france ? 
  has always been enthusiastic about europe if it helped french interests ( csdp ops on african soil anyone ? ), 
  and unenthusiastic if it meant going up against either french interests ( reforming the agriculture subsidies ) or when development would have required change in french procedures ( economic practices & especially centralism/statism ) . 
  all labeled as `` european interests '' but obviously french interests in nature .
