  the real issue is the tripartition of outlook within europe : cee states think of armored brigades glowering at russia , france and the states on the mediterranean think of maritime security and interventions in the mena region and north-west europe ( germany first and foremost ) thinks of domestic security and maybe a bit of pampering defense industries . 
  and nobody can understand why the other states do n't share one 's own viewpoint . 
  the us does n't support turkey `` no holds barred '' ... 
  they have already voiced some amount of dissatisfaction with some of turkey 's military measures against the kurds of late ( which made erdogan back down a bit ) . 
  the thing is nobody really puts it past erdogan to have a much more sinister ulterior motive lurking behind and nobody wants to lower their guard and lend support to a move that he actually may use to drive some of his own anti-kurdish policies and then ( when international opinion questions his actions ) come back saying `` i am working within the mandate of xyz all western nations agreed with '' . 
  distrust of erdogan is really the key issue here . 
  i think the article 's headline is spot on . 
  as it 's said in the article the `` big words '' uttered by politicians may sound similar , but in the end there 's still much disagreement between the member states on the nitty gritty details , the scope and the '' * raison d'etre * '' of this mythical `` eu army '' . 
  as such i think turning the brits into a scapegoat for the status quo is quite disingenious . 
  i think the two central problems here are : 1 . ), 
  no western country wants to put `` boots on the ground '' to safeguard said safe zones . 
  nobody trusts erdogan not to have any ulterior motive ( * cough * kurds * cough * ) and so everybody is wary of lending support for something erdogan could potentially morph into something else . 
  which is precisely why economic theories ( especially of the macro-economic kind ) are kinda hobbled - they ignore specific cultural predispositions and especially psychological effects and then their proponents wonder why they do n't fit all the time . 
  case in point : everyone ( but us germans ) was screaming for qe to kickstart the economy ( via increased spending ) . 
  what happened in germany ? 
  the already high savings rate went up again because people felt an increase in insecurity ( to a certain degree with justification ) and resorted to the well-tried tradition of putting money on the backbench should things become even more hairy . 
  and now we 're in the crosshairs for `` prepping '' our finances instead of going on a spending binge just because some economists say we should ? 
   germany 's enormous surpluses mean that its households are buying less from other countries than they ought to . 
  that one sentence alone reveals the fallacy and ignorance of major economic theories and their proponents . 
  as a german citizen refuse to be reduced to a simple `` consumer '' with an allotted amount of x for consumption ( to be scolded when i do n't meet my allotted quota ) , thank you very milking much . 
  even with a higher income i 'd still not buy stuff i do n't need ( and want ) or could not realistically afford - instead i 'd park it on my bank account or a similarly `` uncool '' location . 
  i do save for potential bad times , just like the stereotype says . 
  and if that makes me a `` bad global consumer '' then i can live with that moniker very well . 
  sorry , he 's a big fat ( i can call him fat , i am fat myself ) blob of arbitrariness who will say whatever his opposite number wants to hear at a certain point . 
  he 's flip-flopping through the topics and generally tries everything to push the spd 's numbers - even if its populistic bull that he 's spreading . 
  yes , that 's also what merkel does , but gabriel is a ) a lot less subtle about it and b ) much more prone to direct and open self-promotional stunts . 
  that makes him look unprincipled and `` arbitrary '' in my opinion ... case in point 1 : he knows very well about the positive effects the hartz iv reforms had for the german economy , but because he has to pamper his own idealistic ( heads-in-the-clouds ) and social-romantic left wing he has to pretend he does n't like it one bit . 
  case in point 2 : he promoted himself as someone who `` limits german defense exports '' out of a cheap attempt to win the hearts of the left-wing political landscape . 
  and then , when he had to explain why the failure of his promises , he tried to put the blame on the previous government . 
  case in point 3 : back before november 2015 ( and the paris attacks ) he wanted to put any german participation in the syrian conflict to a vote for his party members . 
  the idiot had the gall to try and score cheap populistic points with this and did not have the guts ( i like the german `` arsch in der hose '' better ) to make a decision for himself , defend it and then ( potentially ) accept the consequences ? 
  this man is supposed to lead one of the largest political parties ? 
  bottom line : he is not authentic , he is prone to cheap populism and he never learned subtlety so he comes across as a bumbling fool . 
  the spd 's ratings reflect that ( partially at least ) . 
  in russia 's case more like the recent whitewashing of the stalin era . 
  because i think they lie out of their mouths when they open them ( well , any politician does , but i distrust these folks so much more ) ? 
  because the pretend to be pacifists when they are the heir to the last truly hypermilitarized society and state-run militarism on german soil and never truly and honestly broke with that heritage ? 
  because i consider one of their leading figures an unelectable stalin-admirer and neo-stalinist ? 
  ` scuse me , but burnt child dreads the fire . 
  in my opinion this party is incapable to nation-wide government and only capable of doing this on the federal state level if the leadership is sane , pragmatic and does n't belong to the frothing-at-the-mouth left fringe ( can you say `` kommunistische plattform '' ? ) . 
  otherwise its only role is that of a loud-mouthed opposition party . 
  it works only as long as it has something to agitate against , but woe betide them if they had to do serious politics that is n't based on ancient relics out of the history of communism and similar phantasies . 
  i grew up in the gdr . 
  if you had you would n't have this opinion . 
  actually it was classified as genocide in mid-july this year . 
  i agree that not calling this turd a turd before was n't exactly a `` glorious moment '' in german political history , but i have the impression that part of the rejection were considerable ( and in parts rather questionable ) demands of the herero descendents connected to the resolution . 
  afaik german politicians wanted ( and already do ) to solve this via considerably higher-than-usual foreign aid for the state of namibia but the herero and nama want to cut out the namibian state and demanded direct reparations . 
  given experiences with attempts of trying to get rich by descendents of holocaust victims ( and crafty lawyers who talked these people into lodging a demand - because of the fees they expected ) german politicans are rather wary of such methods . 
  because turkey is throwing a hissy-fit about it and blocks visits by german mps in incirlik ( a fundamental right of the german parliament to visit deployed bundeswehr troops ) just out of spite . 
  some countries do n't like their white-washed historiography being tainted by the ugly reality ( russia falls into the same category as well ) . 
  actually the resolution was but a political gesture that had - as steinmeier said - no legal repercussions . 
  i agree . 
  this is merkel 's modus operandi . 
  i think `` mutti '' was part sarcastic . 
  i , actually , prefer teflon-merkel . 
  i think the media here has a central problem : merkel as a person is so amorphous , so vague and opacque that it becomes literally impossible to grasp her . 
  all they can do is look at words and deeds . 
  there was criticism over her stance on the refugee crisis and lots of articles asked searching questions . 
  however , i am beginning to wonder whether this newest u-turn ( if she really does it ) may be the drop that lets the barrel overflow . 
  people here like pragmatism but this issue ( combined with her inexplicable pov in the refugee crisis ) may make people think of her as impossible to predict . 
  that may actually cause even more harm to her standing because unpredictable politicians are n't particularly well liked in germany . 
  we value our `` order '' too much for that kind of snap decisions . 
   the root of this malaise still lies in the failed eurozone disaster of 2011 onwards , where merkel pushed for herbert hoover-esque economic policies . 
  i 'm no fan of merkel but here she did pretty much what the german public allowed her ( and even a good deal more ) . 
  the german people were not and still are not willing to be generous with our money . 
  if it had been up to public opinion greece would have gone bancrupt in 2008/2009 . 
  good lord , neither ... and never dare to mention * them * ever again . 
  misere is a misrable , self-righteous apparatchik , a * paragraphenreiter * of the worst possible kind . 
  and seehofer can grumble in his bavarian beer tents but he is not chancellor material , either . 
  ps : and neither is `` flinten-uschi '' von der leyen . 
  just to make that clear . 
  if it means keeping erdogoon and his neo-osmanic idiots out of europe , yep ... edit says : i regard * that deployment * as pointless , anyway . 
  to me it has zero military worth and is just a political blowjob for hollande in the name of `` european cooperation '' . 
  as such i 'd withdraw the tornados and wash my hands off this nonsense . 
  ... and replace them with that fat blob of arbitrariness called sigmar `` siggi-pop '' gabriel ? 
  who is there to replace her that would n't be yet another ( and even bigger ) shame for germany ? 
  that 's the crux , otherwise merkel would really be faced with being voted out . 
  the right to visit deployed troops is a central issue of the german parliament participation act . 
  if the government wants to deploy german soldiers anywhere it needs the parliament to agree . 
  in return the parliament gets the right to visit these deployed troops at any time to check whether the situation fits the mandate they agreed to , whether the troops are getting the gear and supplies they need etc. 
  it 's essentially a central control feature of the bundestag in this respect . 
  if the right to visit is being blocked by the host nation - and if merkel now kowtows before erdogoon - the most likely reaction is going to be a fun debate the next time the mandate comes up for extension ( end of the year ) . 
  the most drastic possibility would be that the mps refuse to sanction the extension and the tornados must return from incirlik ( i 'd actually expect the mps to react this way if they have any self-respect left ) . 
  even if just for the utter lack of any even remotely suitable replacement . 
  that 's what keeps her in power . 
  i ca n't even call this * realpolitik * , this is gutless and spineless * conflict avoidance * . 
  move the darn jets already and stop pussying around . 
  the turkish government has a bad case of overinflated sense of importance so let them stew in their own soup . 
  edit : or even better yet - withdraw the jets all the way back to germany and stop pretending that this `` deployment '' has any military worth . 
  it 's but a political blowjob for hollande and everyone knows it . 
  oh she was called that by the journalist klaus bednarz six years ago , took him to court and * lost * . 
  and given her `` admiration '' for stalin ( which she never denied ) i think calling her a neo-stalinist is not wrong . 
   great , as long as it will be a functioning institution not a museum council . 
  it 'll be yet another talking shop . 
  how do i know ? 
  well ... if one or several countries do n't like the priorities or if said `` council '' ca n't agree on priorities in the first place or if countries disagree with certain policies ( i.e. 
  interventions in former french colonies in africa ) then this council wo n't have the means to enact its policy suggestions because that is still the preogative of the nation state ... and does anyone here really think european states will delegate that authority to a brussels-based eu institution ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  as such ... as long as this `` council '' does what member states want everything will be fine and dandy , but once disagreements appear ( and they are bound to appear almost immediately ) the thing will be dead in the water . 
  that neo-stalinist and self-styled resurrection of rosa luxemburg ?
