  ps : i did not downvote your posts as i had better things to do last nightbthan browsing reddit . 
   yet ~ ~ germany ~ ~ * poland and the baltic states * request ~ ~ s ~ ~ more defenses against russia ... . fify, 
  oops ... never post without double-checking what you 've typed . 
  thanks for the heads-up . 
   the question is of course whether germany 's interests really end at our borders and whether to protect them militarily or not . 
  that is a question that needs to be debated long , hard and intensively in a general societal debate ( without predetermined `` results '' ) . 
  it was overdue in 1994 and it is a major failure of the political body to have refused this debate ever since reunification . 
   the idea might be naive as well but the more codependent france becomes of us the more they have to keep our ` foreign interests ' in mind as well . 
  that is naive as well . 
  just like `` non-military '' foreign policy is in the dna of our country the french have `` strategic autonomy '' deeply embedded in theirs . 
  they can no more shed a central pillar of their self-view than we can shed our skepticism about military means for political goals . 
  i think the neo-nazi `` problem '' has been blown way out of proportion by a minister who is only interested in looking good in the media and polishing her pr halo . 
  in a military of 175000 people you are unfortunately bound to find a number of dimwits dabbling in this right-wing bs because the hierachical structure ( and the weapons ) tends to draw those in . 
  fun fact : the bundeswehr has problems with screening people because the same politicians who lament the issue are the ones who did not give military intelligence the manpower and resources it would need to do this job in the first place . 
  the entire thing is a manifestation of utter political failure in berlin , because the political body is too craven to debate military affairs and has been so since at least 1990 . 
  and now that it is being pushed into a certain direction by foreign demands it faces a public which is simply not willing to go that way at all . 
  as such the political body waffles and meanders all over the place , trying to find `` excuses '' for deployments that would be funny if it was n't about the people in uniform . 
  there is rot in the military structure , that is for sure , but the bigger rot is in political berlin . 
  and there it is simply cowardice and dereliction of ( political ) duty . 
  for us it is ... we have no `` national '' role for the military save for territorial defense ( which atm is rather unlikely given that we have good or at least cordial relations with all our neighbors ) . 
  so what is left is the role of either a military auxiliary or resource provider - and quite frankly neither role is going to be accepted by the society writ large . 
  and this mythical `` eu army '' is naivety in tenth potency . 
  what do you think france would like a `` eu defense cooperation '' for ? 
  yup - playing auxiliary and resource providers to their foreign policy interests in africa . 
   such articles are preparation to revive prussian millitary tradition . 
  it 's an attempt to prod germany into playing the `` able and willing auxiliary '' for washington ( and paris ) with more gusto and more often . 
  but do n't be afraid - most germans look at such ideas with irritation before they turn away and ignore the preachers . 
   kindergarten now , now ... do n't insult the kids in a real kindergarten . 
   maybe . 
  certainly there is a political difference in the public , but i 'm not sold on the position of military leaders and the top bureaucracy . 
  political problems are a marketing problem and can be solved in many ways , if national leadership wants to do so . 
  the issue is that you can never completely separate the leadership from basic public attitudes in a democracy . 
  leadership is not made up of droids or robots who get minted in some factory and then programmed to perform certain tasks , they are people who grew up amongst their peers and countrymen and have soaked up a lot of the peculiarities each country has en masse . 
  as such the hesitance and skepticism about all things military is not just a tactical ploy to navigate the difficult waters between domestic constraints and external demands , it 's also a manifestation of how thoroughly this unmilitary thinking has written itself into the societal and political dna of the country . 
  the leadership is additionally further constrained by public sensibilities and the hostility with which many look at any type of military deployment outside our borders . 
  why do i think so ? 
  well if they really considered the `` usual notions of geopolitics '' necessary and right they 'd not shy away from holding debates on the matter amongst themselves and especially with us , their constituency . 
  but as it is the two big governing parties are even too scared of debating last year 's white book in the bundestag and have torpedoed any attempt to circumvent that `` blocking position '' by individual mps . 
  so i think there is more to it than mere tactical expediency . 
   germany has an interest in not looking threatening to the rest of europe if the rest of europe is likely to be alarmed by this . 
  i 'm suspicious that this is a larger influence on german policy than some sort of gut feeling in planners . 
  i agree that it plays a serious role in the considerations in berlin . 
   i have not seen polls , but i do not think that the the idea of germany as a military power in 2017 bears the public stigma in europe that it would have seventy years ago . 
  germany is being viewed suspiciously by some of our european neighbors even just for our economic potency . 
  the result is such twaddle as the cringy `` 4th reich '' headlines . 
  so there is a basic unease about germany ... and i do n't think it 'll go away for a very long time , either . 
  and said differences go beyond the military sphere . 
  germany and france are politically and especially structurally at opposite ends of the scale - here a federal republic based upon diffusion of power to many different actors and a relatively weak chancellor , there a strongly centralized presidential republic with a strong executive with far-reaching competences ( especially concentrated in the person of the president ) . 
  what is common procedure and `` business as usual '' in one state ( parliamentary debates and mandates for all military deployments vs presidential right to deploy the military at a moment 's notice ) is simply unthinkable in the other because each others practices and methods simply do n't mesh with attitudes , mentality and history . 
  really good article . 
  puts some of the largest stumbling stones ( which never get talked about beyond initial `` memes '' ) out for all to see . 
  and those are only the biggest issues ... 
  and , as it came out after 1990 , mr kurras was a spook for the stasi ( between 1955 and at least until 1967 ) . 
  one could argue that shooting ohnesorg may have been instigated by the east german stasi to foster unrest in west germany . 
  the issue is that politicians everywhere do n't necessarily make procurement decisions based on military demands and capabilities but in larger countries ( which do have their own defense contractors ) they seek to preserve domestic jobs and make sure said domestic defense industry either gets the contract or is at least part of the production chain . 
  because not only these companies pay taxes at home and employ people , but also because said employees are potential voters . 
  in germany such industrial considerations have been much much more important than actual military capabilities , speed of procurement and price ( at least since 1990 ) . 
  as such the major reason why german politicians initiated military procurements would be lost in the case of the f-35 , there would be no domestic `` return of investment '' for them as the entire value chain is outside the country . 
  as others in this thread have already outlined military procurement in germany is being decided by politicians who care little about capabilities and a lot more about preserving or generating jobs at home . 
  which is why projects like the tiger helo , the nh 90 , the eurofighter or the a400m have been initiated in the first place ( and why all of them suffer from many problems , lots of them very similar ) . 
  factually the only reason to even consider the f-35 - whose value-chain is and will be outside germany depriving said political decisionmakers of the industrial-political `` payback '' they want from any procurement decision - would be to uphold the nuclear sharing option , because airbus ( as major industrial shareholder of the eurofighter project ) refuses to open its technological solutions ( and secrets ) to the us and therefor its direct competitors ( which would be necessary to develop an interface between aircraft and the b61 ) . 
  the quickest and by far least expensive solution would be to move the aircraft fleet to the eurofighter as the sole type , retire the first and second tranches and procure more tranche 3 aircraft . 
  all the roles germany could potentially want from it are possible - brimstone and brimstone ii are being officially integrated as we speak , the new meteror aam will replace the older aim-120s , mbda has already offered a harm replacement based on the meteor ( including enhanced range ) , heavier pgm are possible and given the recently signed deal with norway we could even certify the air-launched version of the nsm to regain anti-shipping capabilities we lost with the scrapping of the kormoran 2 missiles . 
  that solution would just require political will and money , not to mention it would get the domestically divisive issue of nuclear weapons on german soil out of the way . 
  the price to pay would be mostly political ( no longer having a place and a say in the nato nuclear planning council ) but most people here would call that a bargain . 
  but as i said it would take political will ... and that one is lacking over military affairs and will remain in short supply . 
  and in the second round we 'll see this `` broad agreement '' dissolve into a shytefest of epic proportions once we start debating what this mythical `` common foreign policy '' would actually mean in practice . 
  iirc it was for public cantinas but as you said it rubbed lots of people the wrong way . 
  good lord ... roflmao . 
  if you ever wondered why the greens in germany have been polling badly on the national level then you 've just seen a large part of the reason for that . 
  they have this * oberlehrerhafte * '' * we know what is good for you * '' type of ideological crusader-mentality that breaks free once a while and runs amok . 
  during the last general election the tried this with a mandatory `` veggie day '' and caught heaps of scorn and ridicule for that . 
  this nutty idea falls into the same `` ideological brainfart '' category . 
  i consider any such ` inevitability ' statement as idiotic and borderline dogmatic/ideological . 
  apart from that i think the german political body would love nothing better than to outsource this `` unhelpful topic '' ( military ) to `` someone else '' so that it can never come back to hurt their petty little careers in the domestic german political arena . 
  oh , and of course it should n't cost anything , either , of course ... 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-27/ http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/05/23/natos-image-improves-on-both-sides-of-atlantic/pg_2017-05-23-nato-00-06/ being a hardcore cynic i see this `` support '' for this mythical `` eu army '' as a way to foist this unwanted topic onto some `` european '' institution and then wash one 's hands off it afterwards . 
  many folks here seem to hope that . 
  i ca n't interpretate the results of the pew polls from 2015 and 2017 ( where majorities reject supporting a nato ally with military force if in a `` serious conflict with russia '' ) any differently . 
  apparently many seem to think that by not becoming part of the `` problem '' we could be left alone as if by magic . 
  of course such delusions are being supported and fed by the fact that german politics is not talking about it and only emits empty phrases and political blabla . 
  i know i 'm not . 
  i just see the various polls over the years and the results seem to support my impression . 
  you took me a bit too literally . 
  of course internet comments do n't mean anything . 
  you totally misinterpretate this issue , i 'm afraid . 
  based on this you 'd see the baltics be totally conciliatory to moscow because they depend 100 % on russian gas , germany only to a little less than a third . 
  the negotiation thing is a child of the cold war . 
  back then we knew that if it came to a military conflict germany would be done . 
  glassed-over parking lot . 
  as such the attitude was ( and still is ) that if it comes to the use of military force that signifies a failure of politics and a breakdown of common sense . 
  every major power ( maybe except russia , their war involvement was more motivated by domestic considerations and using foreign involvement as `` emergency valve '' for domestic demands for democratization ) sought to change the balance of power . 
  the british empire began an anti-german campaign as soon as it was united after the franco-german war of 1870/71 , culminating in such `` nice '' headlines as `` germany has to be destroyed as ` germania delenda est ' '' ( * the saturday review * of september 11 1897 ) - simply because it was british tradition and general policy to oppose the strongest continental european power . 
  and france ? 
  sought not only to regain the provinces it had lost in 1871 but also to put down germany and regain the position of being continental europe 's strongest power . 
  imperialism , militarism ... these were hardly confined to germany , they were pretty standard throughout the european powers ( though differing in intensity ) . 
  the real problem in germany was the political power wielded by the military and the weakness of wilhelm ii made it into the de-facto `` gray eminence '' behind everything that went on in the german government . 
  maybe you ought to research the character of the austrian chief of staff conrad von h\u00f6tzendorf and especially his views leading up to the confrontation with serbia a bit further before you make such a rather dubious statement . 
   i 'm only concerned that germany is still so unready and unwilling to take leadership and responsibility . 
  just look at this thread ... bs stereotypes , cringey comments , blablabla ...
