  in germany it is . 
  the setup is a result of the national-socialist dictatorship . 
  the conservatives here have been railing against this but they have no majority to change the basic law and no other party is willing to even contemplate it . 
  it may be a legalistic thing for you , but then that 's us germans : laws and rules . 
  i merely wanted to point out that border security is a task of the domestic security institutions ( federal police ) in germany and not of the military . 
  as such it bears no relation to the defense budget . 
  i think we 're debating semantics here . 
  the factual core is that it 's not binding and that states have no qualms ignoring it . 
  let 's leave it at that , okay ? 
  oh please , stop using that term ... have n't the euro crisis and especially the refugee crisis shown that this is but a mirage and yet another `` sufficiently moldable term '' to ask something from other states they do n't want to give ? 
  bismarck said it best :  i 've always heard the term ` europe ' from the mouths of those , who demand something from other nations they do n't dare demand in their own name . 
  -  perhaps a fine fine should be introduced on those eu countries who skimp on defense . 
  250 000 eur fine per every successfully infiltrated immigrant or little green man should do it . 
  and who would agree to this ? 
  besides ... germany has a complicated constitutional setup that makes immigration a matter of domestic security , a territory in which the military plays no role and is even barred from dabbling in . 
  which is why this aspect is not part of the `` defense debate '' in germany ( if there is anythink of the sort here ) . 
  as such the argument would n't gain any traction here in germany as we have a strict separation between external and domestic security . 
  it 's a guideline and no attempt at making it sound more binding is pointless . 
  why ? 
  because said states will simply continue to ignore it . 
  it is n't binding and that is the relevant point here . 
  yes , it 's a guideline . 
  not more . 
  which is why various states have no qualms in ignoring it . 
  that 's still true - she is just better at polishing her media halo than either the baron zu copy & paste and especially that drab bureaucrat de maiziere . 
  besides to date all she has managed are declarations of intent , she has yet to put in practice all of those grandiose declarations . 
  go read augengeradeaus.net and see how people with a lot more knowledge than me are viewing this latest media barrage . 
  eye opening ai n't half of it ... 
  correct - i do not say we should dump the entire european cooperation , i say we should move back to a workable system . 
  it is obvious that there is nowhere near the level of `` solidarity '' ( or shared identity ) as would be necessary for further federalization , the euro crisis and the refugee crisis have made that abundantly clear . 
  and in democracies it is always the sovereign ( the people ) that has the final say on politics ( via elections ) . 
  the `` permissive tolerance '' that once gave politicians some leeway in integrating europe is gone , constituencies want to see the pricetag and a trustworthy cost-benefit calculation before they give their consent . 
  and some things are just a few steps too far for most people to sanction ... 
  the federal fiscal transfer mechanism in germany is only tolerated by the net payers with lots ofgnashing teeth , there have been threats of a constitutional challenge already . 
  so if that already occurs inside germany what are the chances of people tolerating such * redistribution of wealth * away from them to an entirely different country ? 
  zero , no strike that ... far below zero . 
  that 's honesty , too . 
   it is n't scaremongering . 
  no country would survive to an european union crumble , neither to separation itself nor to the post situation , because no european country could survive to globalised economy we are heading to without greatly diminishing the standard of living . 
  i do n't buy the argument that the dissolution of the euro would automatically lead to the dissolution of european cooperation . 
  it may be the end of * this * eu ( this madhouse hell-bent on federalization , or else ... ) but it would offer the chance to return to the working pre-maastricht eec - which would do a lot to defuse the tensions between the european people ( although maybe not between the bureaucrats which would lose their softly padded nest ) . 
   what people over europe do n't want to hand over is control to nondemocratic elected bureaucrats . 
  i guess that most people do n't have a problem to handle part of their sovereignty to a bunch of directly and democratically elected officials . 
  let 's be honest : there is no `` solidarity '' between the various member states and certainly not enough to tolerate fiscal transfers ( which would be a basic requirement for such a `` federal union '' to work ) . 
  as such i do n't think it has anything to do with the `` unelected bureaucrats vs elected representatives '' , it 's an issue that europe is not an entity we entirely identify with . 
  we 're still wedded to our national identities and those are the largest ones we generally subscribe to . 
   so ... do you want to die of hunger and misery , because that view of things is the perfect way . 
  nice hyperbole . 
  can we do this again without the pointless scaremongering ? 
  i generally prefer a horrific end to endless horror . 
  do n't you ? 
  i bet they are fully aware of that , but if they uttered as much as a hint of this in public the `` markets '' would panic and the ez crisis would look like a minor economic dent . 
  the fact is this : the euro is not an economic or even fiscal project , it was always a political thing . 
  it was rushed , it was based on little more than vague hopes that a political union would `` inevitably '' follow . 
  but in their haste to `` cement '' the european integration the politicians forgot their own constituencies - which are now blocking any movement towards either of the available options ( dissolution or full integration ) . 
  greek voters neither want to lose the support net of being in the ez nor do they want to partially hand over control over their own state and livelyhood to foreign people . 
  understandable , absolutely understandable . 
  but it is equally understandable that the german ( or dutch , latvian or finnish ) people feel no particular inclination to transfer what they see as the fruits of their work to countries which have engaged in reckless overspending in the past for something etheric and vague as `` solidarity '' . 
  bottom line : the euro can not work in the confines of the current system , something will have to give . 
  but none of the partners is willing to move towards federalization so the only realistic outcome is the dissolution of the euro and a return to national currencies . 
  how expensive that 'll be depends on how orderly that dissolution will be ... 
  i 'm not naive , but looking back at the history of the bnd i think it has n't been under complete political control , either . 
  apart from that german politicians come from a political system that teaches them how to stay away from `` troublesome issues '' ( like military and especially intelligence ) in order to feign cluelessness should push come to shove . 
  it 's amazing how `` not wanting to know '' works in real life ... 
  correct . 
  we 're just the ones who distrust our own `` intelligence services '' because we 're concerned about our privacy . 
  and through this we limit the kind of stuff politicians can publicly sign up to in this sphere . 
  that the bnd went on this rampage shows either a lack of control the politicial establishment has ( had ) over the service ( rather likely ) or that the entirety of the political leadership has been ( and still is ) lying in the public 's face ( not that far off , either ) . 
  the common german on the street is especially humorless when it comes to his privacy . 
  better now ? 
   blenheim good gosh , it 's been 212 years and you still have n't learned to properly spell blindheim . 
   i do n't know why a pan-european intelligence agency does n't exist yet . 
  various reasons , beginning with different legal standards and norms over data ( how to gain , where and how to store , when and how to share with whom etc ) , different attitudes to intelligence ( what it can do and what it should n't do ) , distrust between agencies , plain old `` my turf is my turf '' competition etc etc basically the largest stumbling stone to even increased ( and efficient ) cooperation between the various countries are the vastly differing legal standards and cultures . 
  what is perfectly acceptable in the uk or france will be met with indignant resistance in germany ( us krauts are particularly humorless when it comes to our privacy ) . 
  and the second stumbling stone is the unwillingness of agencies to share information lest it could reveal some of one 's own sources . 
  as such even the idea of a `` perfect '' cooperation between intelligence agencies is kinda moot . 
  and let 's not even think about yet another eu monster bureaucracy , okay ? 
  i take a hundred `` part-time europeans '' over a single full-time eu federalist dreamdancer hell-bent on bringing forth a federalized eu - regardless of what the people think . 
  do n't you have to count money gained from tax evasion schemes , mister juncker ? 
  actually people here dismiss `` foreign deployments '' as pointless d #ckwaving exercises and see them as manifestations of states not having learned the lesson of their futility , yet . 
  in the eyes of many germans a military 's role is solely limited to defense of the country . 
  full stop . 
  on the other hand people here also do n't want to be drawn into confrontations with other states ... especially not with russia because of its status as nuclear power . 
  apart from this ( rather nebulous and in our perception utterly theoretical and overblown `` threat '' ) there is nothing around that could even theoretically be construed as `` military threat '' against germany . 
  as such we do n't see the point ... and let 's be honest : what is more likely ? 
  washington or paris cooking up yet another `` great power d #ckwaving intervention '' in some mena shytehole and wanting us to play auxiliary or russia suffering a total breakdown of common sense and invadingbthe baltics ? 
  my money would be on the former . 
  he 's actually more honest and much closer to public opinion than merkel 's pretending ever was . 
  he 's totally safe making such statements for domestic consumption knowing that the overwhelming majority of germans does n't see a point in blowing 70 billion euros a year on a military we do n't want to use in the first place . 
  predictable . 
  hamfisted trump has handed the spd a 1st class topic for the electoral campaign on a golden plate studded with diamonds . 
  seriously clever if further underminung nato was his goal and utterly stupid and self-defeating if not . 
   the whole idea behind `` godwin 's law '' in its mocking nature is an utter nonsense , since wwii is very influential for today 's society and hence , if some discussion gets deep enough , wwii is bound to get mentioned sooner or later . 
  it influenced everything from politics to science , from law to agriculture , from construction to medicine and so on . 
  this list could go on for a while . 
  me mentioning godwin 's law is but an analogy to something else - the references to nazi germany have become a political club which is being used to bully modern germany into something we do n't want . 
  people have noticed that and that has also hardened attitudes here . 
  the impression - and it is at least partially true - is that other states `` only want our money '' and that in turn has made many people even less willing to even listen to what foreigners want . 
  it is certainly hypocritical that the german society ignores that our political representatives have entered political agreements that would demand certain actions from us , but the perception is that the world outside is hypocritical , too , because all they seem to want is for germany to smile , nod , sign cheques and generally play along with what others want ... but when we have interests they get ignored or the nazi bludgeons are being trotted out . 
   just on our ( eu 's ) borders there are volatile states , dictators , wars .
