  in case you have n't noticed : not all germans agree with merkel . 
   yes , but it was supposed to be ( and was trumpeted as ) a european operation . 
  um ... it was nothing of the sort when one looks at the raw numbers . 
  half of europe stayed out . 
  if anything it was yet another attempt by the french government to prod europe into seeing foreign policy `` the proper french way '' , something they have tried since 1999 and the st. malo accords with the uk . 
  why else would france have fought the british preferance to see nato take command of the operation until it could no longer be postponed ? 
  libya was the most obvious manifestation of a struggle that has been going on for years now : french governmental attempts at transplanting its worldview ( and its view of what is important in foreign policy and what not ) onto the rest of europe and the cold shoulder other eu members have given france over this . 
  french authorities have hoped ( and still hope ) that one day they can underpin their foreign policy interests in africa with the resources provided by other eu member states . 
  problem is : eu member states have n't played ball . 
  what happened over libya is a condensed version of the same struggles that appeared whenever france proposed an eu mission of the military sort - a scramble for the exit accompanied by lip service and the repetition of the same stale eu rhetorics nobody has ever had any intention of actually putting to practise . 
  it 's difficult . 
  as i said before germans by and large feel `` threatened '' by an outside world wanting german money ... 
  many feel that we should n't be the cash cow for other states ' problems . 
  and as for the middle east ( and north africa ) the public mood is probably best described this way . 
   others have fucked it up , let them sort it out . 
  of course polls always reveal some kind of `` altruistic current '' running through the german public opinion , but in general that becomes a lot more theoretical when practical application comes closer . 
  then the scramble for arguments to `` spend german money on german problems '' begins . 
  this is n't just based on tightfisted attitudes , though , but the very real impact of the german savings culture ( which we extend to the state as well - to build up reserves for the bad times ) . 
  foreign aid per se is too generic a term to provoke thinking , most will ( unthinkingly ) agree to that . 
  yet while german foreign aid is quite large when looking at total numbers it 's only at half the percentage the un would like to see ( iirc 0.7 % of gdp is the un guideline ) . 
  helping greece cope with the numbers was part of the initial support to merkel 's course , but since the numbers that arrived in 2015 have exceeded anything even the worst pessimists have considered possible . 
  now the feeling is `` we 're full '' and `` drawbridge up !, 
  what , if i may dare ask , is a `` respectable military '' ? 
  that , quite frankly , is a measurement that depends entirely on one 's point of view , the situation and the political environment . 
  unless , of course , one feels drawn towards being world policeman ... which most europeans simply are n't . 
  to give you an example . 
  during the 1980s west germany had a military of nearly 500000 ( active ) with 1.5 million reserves . 
  back then those 12 divisions with 32 brigades had a clear purpose but what kind of purpose would such a military serve today ? 
  none whatsoever , unless you count giving military fetishists a boner ... 
  it would neither be proportional to the political environment , would not fit our political culture ( which shuns military force outside clear-cut self-defense scenarios ) and would probably be a source for constant frictions within europe . 
  so , please , do n't make blanket statements like the one you did ... because answering them depends very much on one 's point of view . 
  and public opinion ( or rather the `` count us out '' mentality ) will continue to subdue any theoretical political willingness to `` assume more responsibility '' . 
  let 's face it - just like it does n't do good in us politics to argue for ... let 's say putting limits on the 2nd amendment it does n't do good in german politics to argue for enhanced international engagement ( least of all the military kind ) . 
  in 2014 k\u00f6rber stiftung polled germans on their view of foreign policy - a repeat of a similar poll held in the early 1990s . 
  back then over 60 % of germans prefered greater foreign policy engagement , but the 2014 poll saw those figures reversed with over 67 % prefering more reticence in foreign policy and a clear majority of over 83 % stating clearly that they wish for less military activities outside our borders . 
  that is well in line with other polls . 
  the momentum towards `` normalization '' that existed after the change has long since dissipated and has been replaced by neo-isolationalist and neutralist currents . 
  and german politicians do n't dare to argue against that mood ... and they do n't have arguments that do n't sound trite , constructed and rather far-fetched . 
   germany should just up its military budget and partake in more un peacekeeping missions or something like it . 
  that would be a good way to marry the pacifist sentiment in german society with the pragmatic position a great power should take . 
  actually , no it would n't . 
  quite honestly : we germans lack any feeling of `` responsibility '' for anything outside our borders . 
  peacekeeping , as afghanistan proved , is all too often smokescreen talk for coin ops , something that is particularly distasteful for german public opinion . 
  you know ... it reeks of `` partizan warfare '' \u00e1 la 1941 . :\\, 
   perhaps it would be more palatable to the people to establish some kind of franco-german force where germany provides the money and france does the dirty work . 
  actually that does n't fly , either . 
  us germans ... well , we 're tight-fisted . 
  we do n't want to be paymaster for the eu and we certainly do n't want to spend money so that france can better underpin its foreign policy . 
  the fundamental issue in this line of arguing is this : germans , by and large , do not perceive a need to `` do dirty work '' ( to do something with the military ) . 
  it 's so far outside of our mental horizon that other countries regard military force as a normal tool to conduct foreign policy that the mere notion creates horrified disbelief . 
  the german public 's notion of a military is so utterly and completely defensive ( as in : pure self-defense ) that any other approach is being regarded as an unjustified backslide into the `` dark ages '' and gains no support . 
  to argue that we should pay france to do the `` dirty work '' would see the same rejection as german participation - because many germans generally reject the mere idea of military force having any use outside defending oneself against a direct attack ( by a state ) on one 's territory . 
   that does n't mean you have to have a big military , just that you have to be much , much more engaged . 
  in what sense ? 
  if you mean militarily then you really have no idea of the power of the habitual german anti-militarism . 
  though one could debate its combat value in modern warfare ... we can argue in endless circles - the swiss have been neutral and non-aligned for centuries , initially based on a very good military ( which were highly regarded as mercenaries in the 16th and 17th century ) but later increasingly on their outsized role as global bankers ( and gatekeepers of `` questionable money '' ) . 
  the german notion of that neutralist non-alignment attributes far less importance to the military aspect . 
  that much is true . 
  given last year 's referendum on the hornet successor ( or rather its failure ) the swiss military is n't exactly the country 's highest priority , either . 
  one could argue that the swiss bank system was always a better protection than its army ... 
  actually we will probably always be freeriders . 
  why ? 
  because the german population writ large sees the `` swiss model '' as the one to follow : neutral , militarily disengaged , non-aligned and certainly not `` active '' or even proactive on foreign policy . 
  without coalitions the german political model would not work . 
  on the federal level only the cdu ever managed to get a majority great enough to govern alone and that was in the early years under adenauer . 
  ever since coalitions have been the norm and with more time passing they became unavoidable . 
  since the introduction of * die linke * into the party mix , the erosion of the spd , the self-dismantlement the fdp went through over the past decade and merkel 's liberalization of the cdu there has been a steady erosion of convincing and obvious majorities for the two old blocks ( cdu+fdp vs spd + greens ) which made creating a stable government a rather tedious and often difficult affair . 
  but politicians stick to that task because germans have very little tolerance for politican grandstanding and even less for egotistical behavior , we expect pragmatism , solutions and a stable political environment . 
  the result are `` grand coalitions '' such as the one currently governing the country or - as outlined in the article - if even that is not enough to attain +50 % of the seats , new models such as the described `` germany coalition '' how stable that one could be remains to be seen , though . 
  that is the inherent friction such political currents have in germany . 
  basically every other * not-quite-npd * grouping to date has either disappeared because they could not make the transition to - as you said - `` boring politics '' or drifted back to the extreme fringes and delegitimized itself . 
  unlikely . 
  the fracturing of the `` people 's parties '' was imo inevitable as their traditional sources of power have been eroded by changes in society . 
  this has been evident with the social democrats for quite a while and it was somehow inevitable that a conservative rival for the cdu/csu would rise.that it 's a party that has been highjacked by closet nazis is supremely unfortunate and a real pity , but then the afd will have to prove that it is n't a dayfly like so many of its nationalist or right wing predecessors . 
  part of the afd 's `` pull '' for many is the very real feeling that the `` established parties '' have stultified the political debate in this country and have cast a blanket of political correctness over the public and media debates . 
  the refugee crisis was merely the ignition for a fuse that had been laid years if not decades ago . 
  too many people here were running around with balled fists in their pockets , angry with the casual disrespect politicians have for the average voter , angry at not being offered a debate worthy of an open and liberal democracy on pretty much any topic . 
  the overwhelming `` consensus '' that exists between the established parties , in which differences between parties are being perceived as different shades of grey , has been noted and lamented by a public years ago , but until now there has been little reason to rebel against the overwhelming `` coalition of mildew '' that has almost completely anesthetized political debate worthy of the term . 
  if anything it seems to be a build-in friction between paragraphs 2 and 4 of article 16a with paragraph 2 clearly saying that asylumn seekers may not enter via safe 3rd countries ( such as eu members ) whereas paragraph 4 states that eu legislation and treaties may infringe on that statement . 
  in theory ... but given the amount of political undies in a twist even thinking about this would produce the chances of marsians showing up on our doorstep for a quick `` hello neighbors ! '', 
  are much higher . 
  edit : but there is a core of the basic law that can not be altered at all . 
  i am not sure of that article belongs to it or not . 
  you are right - i do n't and ca n't know the intricacies of polish politics . 
  but i grew up in eastern germany so i can compare the reactions . 
  removing `` communist elements '' sounds like a headline of 1990 ( when that was obvious and sensible ) but we have 2016 and today that sounds like a witchhunt and a fabricated reason for removing people from positions one wants to fill with his own ( or at least with suitably servile sycophants - that is another possibility ) . 
   some say it is because the current minister of defence said that people who started their service before 1989 ca n't count on having any developed career in the military . 
  that sounds a bit like a witch hunt , does n't it ? 
  but then the kaczynski twins were always polish versions of mccarthy ... :\\, 
   germany did n't exist in the 17th century . 
  [ ... ] times change . 
  and france was n't a kingdom in 1914 , either . 
  but it 's okay ... you 're revealing your double standards here . 
   so germany , which was dominated by the junkers and various other militarists , to the extent that the country was a military dictatorship for around half of the war , also led by a thoroughly incompetent kaiser who was dedicated to usurping britain 's position as naval superpower , and generally just expanding at the cost of other european nations ... was just as likely to go to war as other large nations in europe ? 
  yes . 
  it 's revealing that you treat a british naval supremacy as some kind god-given right and state ... or that the british establishment was a lot more competent than that in other states ( which , for example , can be revealed as sanitized reading of history if you take the sudan crisis in the late 19th century alone ) . 
  or that britian was a democracy by our modern standards - which it was n't ( house of lords ? 
  structure of the political parties and the dominance of the nobility in them ? ) . 
  but , again , it 's okay ... you 've revealed your germanophobic double-standards . 
  have fun debating with yourself , i 'm off to enjoy the weekend .
