  i somehow doubt they had `` crisis management ops '' in the african or me boondocks in mind . 
  is there any other wheeled apc/ifv that actually has stanag 5 level protection at this point ? 
  if not then the competition was ... well ... 
  rather surprising given the boxer 's pricetag . 
  i know the lithuanian military were drooling over the boxer , but the other competitors were quite a bit cheaper . 
  especially the cooperation with poland over the rosomak would have a few more added bonuses . 
  interesting anyway . 
  but the roots dated back to luther 's translation of the bible which created the first somewhat uniform german language ( system - before the chaos of regional dialects was pretty much unregulated/categorized ) . 
  upon this the idea of a `` german nation '' in the sense of a homogenous nation state was built . 
  i do not see such a strong unifying factor where europe is concerned . 
  i take that as a broad hint to have another coffee . 
  you ca n't talk some kind of `` european identity '' into being . 
  you ca n't will it into reality , either . 
  if it comes it 'll be a small and delicate plant that needs to grow at its own pace and ca n't be hothoused . 
  on my timeline any potential european integration is measured either in generations or even centuries but instead some politicians tried to accelerate that process needlessly and prematurely after the fall of the iron curtain . 
  i 'm definitely a german . 
  all this talk of `` european '' is - in my humble opinion - artificial , it 's a slogan coined to signify a diffuse hope of some people but nothing really tangible . 
  i can not and will not subscribe to an artificial notion of `` identity '' and think the last truly workable state of the eu was pre-euro and pre-maastricht . 
  wishful thinking i 'm afraid . 
  i mean i see where you 're coming from and i can understand the notion , but to expect this to be a magical potion that suddenly turns european nations into military powerhouses is kinda . . well ... * wishful thinking * . 
  for example germany would probably do even less in military terms than now ( and would piss off france even more ) . 
  martial traditions ? 
  ask a german on the street and you 'll get funny looks . 
  simply put west germany paid for its chance to re-enter the circle of civilized nations after 1945 . 
  i am also convinced that this also taught the other european states a simple lesson : if you want to make sure germany pays for something wave the `` nazi bludgeon '' and the stupid teutons will come running with the checkbook drawn . 
  but as it is the germans of today no longer come running and they do n't feel like signing cheques anymore , either . 
  the problem in any benchmark is the trifold division of outlooks and interests within nato . 
  the interventionists look to the mena region and think of interventions , the nations on the eastern flank look suspiciously at russia and want an `` iron curtain 2.0 '' ( of us m1 abrams and m2 bradleys ) and a third party dislikes either option and would prefer to concenrate on domestic issues and not be bothered . 
  if you ca n't even agree on the way forward how can you define benchmarks to gauge your progress ? 
  my cynical streak makes it impossible not to post this : nobody is afraid of germany anymore as long as it pays and does things other nations want ( most of which involve paying for something ) . 
  once it either refuses to pay or defends an interest the old comparisons ( 4th reich or such bullshyte ) appear again . 
  think greece and the nazi posters . 
   i do n't mean the us enjoys a veto , though i suppose it does , i mean that the days of europe playing global geopolitics ended at the suez crisis and that 's the way the united states likes it . 
  the us does n't want the europeans doing something like iraq or afghanistan or syria or libya on their own , because if you can run off and conduct major operations on your own you do n't need to ok your foreign policy with washington and you might do something that goes against american interests . 
   the reason europe ca n't really send troops to do this stuff is because europe is divided . 
  there 's not one foreign policy and the foreign policies you have range from franco-british assertiveness to german-swedish pacifism to polish `` russia is the # 1 threat , all eyes look east '' . 
  good post . 
  ah , but there is an excellent counter-example . 
  greece , which is above the 2 % but barely does anything except facing off turkey , and denmark which spends far less but was praised for its engagement in afghanistan . 
  see the problem ? 
  pis says something different . 
  just last year kaczynski said clearly he does n't want german forces in poland . 
  what poland wants are us combat forces . 
  70 years and a million invocations of `` godwin 's law '' too late . 
  germany is nearly entirely demilitarized - not just physically but most importantly mentally . 
  i 'm afraid you are trying to beat a horse that died decades ago and has dissolved into dust . 
  [ tongue-in-cheek ] well , then four decades of being told to `` mind our own business '' and not to be militaristic have actually worked . 
  [ / tongue-in-cheek ] , 
  asking the us to remove its military bases would be first and foremost a political question and the political costs would be enormous . 
  imagine the headlines - '' * country x * breaking with the us/nato ! '', 
  ... that is why nobody is rocking that particular boat . 
  it would be pure poison for the stability of the international system , something that nobody in the west currently wants ( the system is instable enough on its own , after all ) . 
  as for your link : to me as a german military interventions are an exercise in hubris because the necessary resources for nation-building ( money , political will , manpower , societal acceptance , oh and money ) simply are n't there anywhere . 
  and please do not equate the interests of france and the uk in their former colonies in africa with a `` european interest '' . 
  that 's about as far off the mark as possible . 
  in my opinion those 2 % of gdp are arbitrary . 
  they are an attempt to `` measure '' the `` dedication '' of a member state towards nato . 
  problem is that this is a measurement of `` input '' , of money thrown at the topic but does n't really say what kind of output comes out of that . 
   there 's a reason despite popular opinion that the us is a warmongering state that no european country has asked the us to remove its bases . 
  yeah , because for the most part it 's not worth the hassle to remove them . 
  take a long and hard look at the force composition in europe and realize that these forces are overwhelmingly geared towards support roles . 
  these bases stopped being about `` defense of europe '' when the cold war ended and serve us power projection interests . 
  in germany alone you have landstuhl military hospital ( which takes most casualties of us foreign deployments ) , ramstein ab ( which is the logistical hub for ops in the mena region ) , spangdahlem ab ( with one semi-permanently based fs at best ) and hohenfels , baumholder and grafenw\u00f6hr training areas . 
  the rest of the installations are largely for admin , support , logistical and hq things ... only 2nd cav rgt remains as combat formation and they 're getting a workout all over eastern europe , anyway . 
  to be frank i 'd not mind if poland joined the nuclear sharing . 
  they can even have those 20 b61 currently stationed in germany . 
  if that helps then so be it . 
  `` real alliance between v4 countries '' ha !, 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  if you had n't noticed the rest of v4 does n't exactly share your view of russia . 
  and as for the rest of your little conspiracy theory ... nah , not worth the toil . 
  germany 's economical strength . 
  that is all . 
  the current strength of germany 's position within the eu is as much a function of french weakness and british disengagement . 
  the issue is they do n't see the need for `` defense '' in the first place . 
  germans look at a map and see themselves surrounded by states to whom we have friendly relations . 
  it 's kinda difficult to argue for an insurance against flooding when the nearest river is miles and miles away ... 
  the reality is that this is a fundamental political issue that german politics has sidestepped since 1990 . 
  in fact there is a growing international pressure on germany to become more conform to international expectations of german auxiliary engagements in military operations - which is * de facto * the only reason for any military deployment , there has been zero societal support for such a course of action that was n't very short-lived . 
  accepting the international notion of military interventions would require a fundamental debate inside germany in which the political class tried to convince germans of the need to do this , but the political establishment is too craven to open such a debate - although i need to be honest and admit that the society has blocked any calls for such a debate to date . 
  the fundamental question german politicians would have to solve is to either go against public opinion and long-held convictions ** or ** tell allied nations to go looking elsewhere for auxiliaries for their military adventures in countries far away . 
  both courses carry high political costs - domestically arguing in favor of interventionism usually means a backlash in the next elections , something no politician wants , and internationally it would cause a political earthquake when germany tells the us , the uk and france to get lost when they ask about `` international crisis management '' . 
  not to mention that territorial defense of nato members would mostly mean deterrence against russia , another `` hot potatoe '' that german politicians do n't want to pick up . 
  which is why they have resorted to simply avoiding the topic and hoping to be spared a call-up . 
  indifference . 
  plain and simple . 
  the society has little interest in military matters , is inherently skeptical towards military deployments ( to the point of downright rejection ) and is generally inward-looking and focused on domestic issues . 
  as such the political establishment perceives defense issues as a `` no-win '' topic , one that does n't give them any advantages when they deal with it but rather the opposite . 
  hence the indifference of both political establishment and society towards the functionality of the armed forces . 
  back then the bundeswehr had 12 combat divisions with 36 brigades and a peacetime strength of 500000 men . 
  compared to today that 's huge . 
   foreign policy is actually a career win for most politicians , if you look at steinmeiers ratings for example . 
  actually steinmeier got the post back in 2005 merely because the smaller coalition partner always gets the post of the foreign minister and the spd had no other candidates . 
  steinmeier rose within the spd on domestic issues and was chief of the chancellery under schr\u00f6der . 
  he is , just like all his predecessors , a career changer . 
  to this day i struggle to remember even a single german politician who actually build a career on foreign policy issues ... to be honest i ca n't think of one . 
  where have you been for the past few years ? 
  germany ceased to be a `` nato powerhouse '' the moment the cold war ended . 
  they do n't call me the master of `` wall of text '' for nothing . 
  for most nations national defense is indeed a central role for the state .
