  which is also why the spd has already made noises against this 2 % of gdp pledge in the run-up to september 's general election and why the cdu/csu has not shown much ( if any ) willingness to fight the spd on this matter . 
  germans , by and large , remain wedded to the pre-1989 constitutional practice of not deploying the bundeswehr outside our own territory ( with the possible exception of nato territory as long as that does n't aggravate russia too much ) and have never bought into the notions of `` out-of-area '' missions or combat deployments that were carried into the country solely by foreign expectations . 
  to most germans the only time we `` roll out the leopards '' is when someone directly attacks us with military means - not before . 
  that was the factual , legal and constitutional reality for over 40 years during the cold war and to this day this thinking is dominant in germany . 
  which , as you may have realized , means there is virtually no `` demand '' for military capabilities as the chance of soviet armored forces rolling across the inner-german border are not exactly great anymore . 
   the problem arising from both the political unwillingness to debate such issues on a broad front and the societal unwillingness to play a role in military affairs that would satisfy our foreign partners is causing frictions - at some point either said international partners will demand a definite decision by german politics over a military operation or the german electorate will revolt against policies they are not willing to support . 
  and either possibility will see a truly ugly debate ... something the political body in berlin fears greatly . 
  i do n't think any country is truly ready for the compromise such a `` shared arsenal '' would entail . 
  as such i regard the idea as rather typical of a political scene caught in a wholly different reality in their ivory towers . 
   indeed , the current german society is very much anti-war & militarisation , it is scary to think that if the germans wanted to , they could easily turn into a military powerhouse . 
  the thing is - an overwhelming majority here does n't want that and thinks this would mean a backslide into the `` dark ages '' . 
  if anything people are seriously cavalier on all things military - they ( grudgingly ) admit that it may still be necessary , but do n't want to know , do n't want to be informed and certainly do n't want to have to do anything with it . 
  as such the chance of a serious military buildup in this country just is n't there . 
  that 's the question . 
  or rather the question is would france give up its national control in exchange for eu financing ? 
  at the moment this does n't look probable given the french strategic culture and its focus on `` strategic autonomy '' and `` sovereignty '' . 
  but then the mentioned german mp kiesewetter is one of those eu-federalist woolgathering * dampfplauderer * , one who writes long-winded documents full of rhetorical vapor which gets destroyed by reality every single time . 
  last year he published another such document on this mythical `` eu army '' and got shredded to pieces by the readers of a milblog ( augengeradeaus.net ) because of the usual rhetoric howlers and vaporware concepts . 
  additionally i do n't think the article does manage to emphasize the amount of `` hell , ** no !, 
  ** '' that would come in reply to any such idea from the german society . 
  the anti-nuclear views are deeply entrenched , much much more so where nuclear weapons are concerned . 
  to suggest we ought to ( co - ) finance such an arsenal would amount to political suicide in this country . 
  that 's a tad too simple for me ... 
  i mean the us press consistently shows the ability when they try to look behind the facade of official delcarations , especially on their home turf and with their own politicians . 
  so why did the author not even try to find out whether there is any substance behind the rhetoric coming from berlin ( and given the unreflected repetition of words without any attempt to list `` reality items '' in contrast i dare say he did n't even try to check ) ? 
  is it from being unfamiliar with the german political scene ? 
  intellectual lazyness ? 
  because it fits the author 's worldview and agenda ? 
  good lord . 
  what the heck has happened to decent journalism and fact checking ? 
  even a minor dig through the surface of polished pr spin would have revealed that there is no real debate ( there is but pre-election posturing ) with both sides of that `` debate '' not truly interested in playing the role other countries would like us to play ( and neither interested to actually spend as much ) . 
  and the public ? 
  not particularly enthused , either ( to go with the article 's meme of comical euphemisms ) . 
  and the comments ? 
  awfully stereotypical , if i may say so . 
  truly a sad thing to see ... 
  fringe minority , usually of the old elites who fell from grace post-1989 . 
  the ones who actually lost their pitiful positions of power and importance . 
  `` veterans '' were in very short supply in germany by 1944 , the majority of divisions in france in 1944 had been burnt out husks filled with youngsters just as green as their american counterparts ( the nco and officers were another issue , but much of that difference was because of structural and doctrinal issues on the us side ) . 
  by late 1944 the `` easy ride '' across france not only petered out , it ran into an increasingly solid defense . 
  look up the `` battle at puffendorf '' and the crisis of trust in the sherman that followed . 
  the sherman performed well in the `` exploitation '' role that it was designed for post-normandy , but showed its vulnerability in the much more difficult autumn battles . 
  exactly . 
   european military strength will be enhanced because the uk will no longer be able to veto eu military cooperation . 
  increased military cooperation will reduce redundancies and increase efficiency . 
  unless the uk leaves nato , brexit will be a plus in this regard . 
  want to have some digestif for that particular large slice of self-delusion ? 
  defense cooperation within the eu is hampered primarily because of a deep-seated distrust between the member states , a preference for protecting domestic defense contractors ( and the jobs they create ) from foreign competition , widely differing national interests and political cultures , an unwillingness to hand over further sovereignty to brussels ... 
  the list could go on for quite some time . 
  it 's always been member states which have blocked `` more integration '' because of competing interests , different priorities and outlooks . 
  the uk here is but a convenient scapegoat - but at least they were the honest ones in this charade . 
  even paris and berlin have little interest in `` integration '' unless it goes the way they want it and produces the results they 're interested in ( without costing much if anything , that is ) . 
  but both capitals try to hide that fact through generous application of lofty but meaningless rhetorics . 
  i 'm sure `` quiet '' in terms of a tank is awfully relative . 
   i dont know , why they not working together to buy similar equipment . 
  because no state trusts other states enough to `` risk '' any major project . 
  in a recent article in `` european security & defense '' one analyst called the eda `` pointless '' , because all eu member states only register `` those projects which nobody cares about , anyway '' . 
  most states are simply more concerned about protecting their national defense contractors ( and the jobs they create ) from international competition ... not to mention that `` eu anything '' usually comes with an additional price tag , usually one labeled with `` more integration '' which a lot of politicians simply do n't want to pay . 
  they are wary where these `` side effects '' could lead to which is why the eda or anything the eu does in this area go nowhere . 
  ... which goes along with the fuel consumption to match the noise . 
   being in a tank was one of the safest frontline jobs in the us army in wwii . 
  well ... there are voices from the us that would vehemently argue against that claim . 
  the turnover rate of us armored formations was mind-boggling at times . 
  one particular sherman commander had six tanks shot to pieces in just as many weeks . 
  not to mention that the sherman was called `` the ronson '' ( after a famous pocket lighter ) because of its nasty tendency to burst into flames after just one hit . 
  mortain was a situation where `` the us army could do what it could do best - smother an onrushing enemy with fire '' . 
  look for battle reports closer to the end of 1944 . 
  maybe alternative medication ? 
  with `` hairy '' you never know ... 
  * cough * we 're all giving 100 % at work - 12 % on mondays , 23 % on tuesdays , 40 % on wednesdays , 20 % on thursdays and 5 % on fridays . 
  * summa summarum * = 100 % , 
  you 're being quite generous , old chap . 
  the so-called `` influx '' is utterly ridiculous ... the areas with the heaviest xenophobic issues across the entirety of the five eastern federal states are those with the lowest amount of foreigners in the first place . 
  saxony ( unfortunately ) really is a brown swamp , especially its rural areas . 
  the federal state authorities have tolerated lots of shyte since the early 1990s and now the chicken have come to roost with pegida and those folks taking a very public stage in dresden . 
  i come from a small village in southern brandenburg and i know some of the folks there have `` converted '' to right-wing nationalism ... mostly because they 're the type of loser that failed to a decent education and therefor failed to get a decent job ( which for most young people means leaving the rural areas , anyway ) . 
  i just think you 'd be aiming at the wrong target over this . 
  taking the victims of the ns terror regime hostage over the idiocy of the current israeli government is n't something i 'd be comfortable with at all . 
  blow it on blackjack , hookers and a decent spread of spirit . 
  correct . 
  the bundeswehr does n't want people whose personal beliefs are counter to our democratic order . 
  and basically all right-wing movements call for the abolition of the basic law and the democratic order and the resurrection of the social-darwinist jungle that was the 3rd reich . 
  would you want to have people in your armed forces if they want to basically topple your own state ? 
  the question is whether the money is enough to put up with the specific bundeswehr bs ... constant postings to and fro , violation of `` downtime '' rules for international deployments due to the manpower shortage , a basing concept that is utter bs ( bundeswehr posts in the deepest pampa just because it happens to be in the electoral district of some sesselpuper in berlin ) , bureaucratic hurdles in tenth potency , lack of basic materials ( and often ammunition ) which makes simple things like training difficult ... 
  i do n't know if that * sold * is enough to tolerate so much bs for long . 
  well , the bundeswehr does n't really want * those * people ... because the only `` nationalists '' here are the hardcore right-wingers . 
  well , according to many active soldiers ( over @augengeradeaus.net ) one has to jump through many hoops to gain the `` bit extra '' that equalizes pay `` on average '' . 
  but in many civilian jobs you have to put up with much less bs and much less interference in your life and that of your family . 
  i guess that is the issue here ... 
  russia is n't seen as a threat over here . 
  a lot of people attribute this talk to `` hype '' or `` paranoia '' . 
  simply put politicians here are caught between two diametrically opposed currents : 1 . ), 
  the german society likes the military abstinence and prefers to remain on the sidelines in `` international security issues '' ( what an euphemism ) . 
  nato membership demands certain resources and actions . 
  we ought to have had a societal debate on foreign , security and defense policy as soon as germany was reunited but politicians abstained because they feared the potential political price . 
  so now the international scene expects stuff from germany that the german people do n't want to do and politicians ca n't and wo n't engage in a debate because they fear its costs . 
  again . 
  ... not to mention that the civilian economy pays better , is n't as intrusive into one 's private life as the military , does n't ask you to risk your neck for reasons the politicians are unwilling or unable to explain in the first place ... , 
  not really . 
  it 's political symbolism ( again ) ... the mod has n't managed to reach any of its own recruitment quotas for the past two years , why would that change ?
