  it 's not her `` strength '' but more the weakness of her rivals . 
  much will depend on the result of the afd and the fdp - coalitionbuilding will definitely become more difficult and laborious than ever before ( as if it was n't already ) . 
  maybe the brits should put it up at sotheby 's and auction it . 
  / scnr , 
  lol indeed . 
  we do n't go the `` absolute freedom '' route , that is correct , but we do n't go the french route of the state owning large shares in entire branches of economy . 
  the role of the state is not to be a ( large ) participant in the economy , its role is to set the guidelines and the framework in which the market operates . 
  still pretty neutral ... after all i am skeptical of the `` ever closer union '' stuff myself . 
  but on the other hand i ca n't help wonder how quickly the `` honeymoon '' for some brexiteers will end . 
  parts of that movement had the distinct whiff of `` turn back time to the glorious 1960s '' and an overinflated sense of importance . 
  i was watching a pretty neutral tv documentary on the two camps and there was this one lady ( with capital l ) - very british , very sophisticated , very ladylike - talking about how sad it was that brits were no longer making their holidays on british beaches and that she hoped a brexit would lead to more intra-country tourism . 
  for me that was a serious moment of * doh !, 
  * - it was obvious she was longing to see the 1960s return , but these days people looking for holidays in the sun are not going to southern england , anyway . 
  i also question the validity of the expectation that the eu would cut the uk a lot of slack in the negotiations ... why exactly ? 
  because the uk is the uk ( and therefor something special ) ? 
  ca n't help but wonder if the old adage of the brits `` having lost and empire and not yet having found a role '' is still true after more than half a century . 
  if you take a close look at attitudes , political cultures and especially structures in both states you 'll notice how diametrically opposed both countries are in many of these areas ( federal state vs centralized presidential republic , free market economy vs state-interventionism etc ) . 
  meaning both countries may talk about the eu in similar ways , but essentially they mean different things ( and in several areas german views are much closer to british views ) . 
  meaning the potential for disagreements is just as big as before . 
  they will still point to the eu and use it as a scapegoat . 
  meh ... in cold war times the western bashing in the east german `` black channel '' at least had comic value . 
  the russians have a lot of catching up to do , there 's no amusement factor in this ... 
  actually the red army was lead to slaughter in the summer of 1941 almost as if stavka wanted it to be slaughtered . 
  if you take a look at the way large forces , particularly the mechanized ones , were sent into foolhardy frontal assaults without appropriate support , on a timetable that was all too often based on impatience of the political leadership than realism and without even the most basic idea where it was going and what it was facing it becomes a pattern that was repeated again and again and again . 
  the wehrmacht was very skilled at exploiting the vast weaknesses of the red army - starting with basically non-existant training over an imo almost criminal failure of command & control to an inability to coordinate various branches of the red army that sometimes bordered on comedy . 
  the soviet union was probably the only state in 1941 that could survive this - but mostly only because it had the manpower and the industrial base to survive . 
  typical overconfidence - born out of both the racist bs ideology and the 6-week-subjugation of france . 
  hitler said  `` the bolshevik state is a completely rotten structure . 
  all we have to do is kick in the door and the complete edifice will collapse . '', 
  yup . 
  absolutely . 
  the problem is - imo , of course - that european politics has become a collection of dogmas that must not be questioned . 
  the generation that wrote the treaty of rome was operating under the experiences of the 2nd world war , but it is simply a manifestation of political lazyness and dishonesty to treat things like `` ever closer union '' as a religious mantra and the treaty as holy scripture . 
  such overwhelming and far-reaching changes not only to political structures but especially identities , concepts of nations and belonging etc must not only be spelled out in even the smallest details but also redebated and reaffirmed in each and every generation . 
  people change , attitudes change and so must political or economic entities . 
  that has n't happened . 
  the euro crisis has shown that people in the eu member states are nowhere near the point where such ventures are sustainable - imo we 're at least several generations removed from that ( maybe even centuries ) . 
   will it ever get ` back to basics ' ? 
  or is a new system required ? 
  i 'm afraid it 'll be muddling on as before . 
  politicians are loath to rock the boat and they are also loath to either tell their domestic audiences painful truths ( and put the decision in their hands ) or make decisions that cost them at their national ballot boxes . 
  so i fear we 'll revisit the same old problems with regularity ... all the while the same non-deciders are plastering us with the same stale `` more europe '' rhetorics they do n't believe themselves . 
  in my opinion with its mutation from eec to eu it moved far beyond what the citizens of the member states are willing to support . 
  in my opinion it needs to be scaled back to the pre-maastricht economic community without these pseudo-political frills and fluffy decorations . 
  well , sorry , i do n't buy this `` what ... if ... '' fearmongering . 
  i see an unsurmountable hurdle for any kind of `` more commisison power '' - namely that no national politician will ( in the end ) vote to limit his own influence on proceedings and decisions ( not to mention that the national political systems and the bureaucratic structures will not let him ) . 
  pardon my french , but that is precisely the paranoid hysteria i was talking about . 
  the commission is going to get what the ** member states ** allow it - which is n't and wo n't be much . 
  as such juncker can lament as much as he wants - the music is being made in the council ( = the heads of government of the member states ) and they will grant the eu as many competences as they deem necessary/acceptable . 
  which , given the need to have a unanimity for decisions , means virtually nothing . 
  this `` eu army '' is one of those mythical creatures that get talked about yet nobody has ever managed to actually provide sustenance to the myth ( kind of like nessie , the wolpertinger or bigfoot ) . 
  i personally think it 'll be a mirage for a very long time ( if ever ) because a joint military would presuppose a federal state with a joint government and policies . 
  that 's so far off it is n't even worth debating right now . 
  so why is it brought up ? 
  some point to germany and its seeming `` intention '' to put it in practice . 
  not so fast . 
  it may be good form in german politics to talk about the lofty concept of an `` ever closer europe '' but in reality this is but self-promotional blather short on substance and details . 
  the current draft of the new german white book may contain something about this but this is little more than a rhetoric commitment to the lofty ideal . 
  it also contains passages about a ( currently unconstitutional ) use of the bundeswehr for domestic security under certain conditions , but here von der leyen faces a coalition of spd/greens/left which block the way to an amendment of the constitution to allow for that . 
  which means the white book is but a document of the mod with little to no political relevance for other ministeries ( and even less for europe ) . 
  the constant references in the uk to this `` mythical eu army '' both reveal a different attitude to sovereignty ( understandable ) but imo also too much of a hysteria . 
  europe ca n't even agree on economics and there the eu is suddenly to install a joint military ? 
  preposterous !, 
  does n't mean much . 
  * everything * beats german comedy . 
  a few years ? 
  i do n't see any positive change there , the leading figures in the various parties are drab non-entities and so far there is nobody in the second line that 's managed to become somewhat known . 
  that does n't exactly fill me with hope for the future ... 
  that 's in the eye of the beholder . 
  i actually think both were fools in this case , but then we 're talking about hollande and merkel here . 
  them being fools is a given . 
  syria was the result of public french pressure on merkel , on her own she 'd never have done anything . 
  you need to remember one fundamental rule for evaluating german foreign military deployments : if they happen then because of foreign pressure . 
  period . 
   most importantly arm the ukrainians and thus raise the price for any renewed russian adventures in ukraine . 
  russia has the escalation dominance in ukraine , no matter what we may pour into ukraine in the end this country ( and its political direction ) are much more important to russia than to any of the western bigger players ( which would have to provide the stuff ) . 
  they can and will always provide a bit more than any potential western nation . 
  i know you guys do n't want to hear it but in the end kiev is not important enough to washington , london , paris or berlin to get into this particular race . 
  if you 're being told for the past 25 years that there is no possibility for lowering taxes , that taxes or levies have to rise to finance something , that you need to `` tighten the belt '' or that you 'll have to save more of your ( stagnating ) income for old age as the pension system ca n't provide the pensions of today then i wonder what else but a `` sacrifice '' ( of the financial kind ) this is ? 
  just to clarify . 
  i did n't say anything about the viability ( or not ) of steinmeier 's comment ( i just talked about the general sentiment outside the political `` bubble '' in berlin ) , but remember there 's a general election next year . 
  i think we can safely file this under the `` early election campaigning '' moniker . 
  this . 
  the perception is that the upper crust are siphoning off financial resources ( and evading paying their due through loop holes in tax laws or tax havens ) while billions of taxpayer money gets transfered elsewhere . 
  add to this the fact that people experienced a decade of stagnating or even declining real wages , a hike in prices ( esp . 
  fuel/energy/rent etc ) and near-constant barrage of `` save for your retirement '' articles since 2003/2004 people are getting rather angry rather quickly if someone wants something from them for `` some big project '' ( be it eu , nato , un or whoever ) . 
   honestly germany , what the fuck ? 
  you guys need to elect some new politicians . 
  and whom ? 
  the far-left ( which is anti-us and anti-nato as a matter of principle ) , the greens ( who are just as skeptical of nato ) or perhaps the afd ( whose leadership is currently training how to more effectively crawl up putin 's behind ) ? 
  steinmeier represents a part of german politics ( and society ) that thinks it was * ostpolitik * and its constant attempts to defuse the cold war that kept it from blowing up in our face . 
  this `` keeping anything flammable away from the fuse '' is what pretty much founds his entire range of views on foreign policy . 
   germans seem to be very reluctant towards nato in eastern europe , merkel is one of the strongest voices against permanent bases in here . 
  that is certainly true , public opinion is n't interested in being maneuvered into a confrontation with russia . 
  my reading is this : after 25 years of being nearly constantly asked to make `` sacrifices '' ( for the german reunification , for building up the east , for the eu , for overcoming the euro crisis , for the refugee crisis etc ) people are not willing to make any more `` sacrifices '' for anything ( i have heard and read the words * `` we finally want to profit from our work . 
  '' * more than a few times ) . 
  and especially not for a confrontation with russia over countries outside the current eu and nato ( the mood is `` we have enough who hold up their hands for handouts on our side already . '' ), 
  and while not considering russia a real threat . 
  what merkel really thinks about this remains impossible to determine . 
  i do n't think she 's personally against bases in the east , but she takes public opinion into consideration * and * is focused on reducing the german state debt ( while fending off `` foreign attacks '' on the german purse ) .
