  apparently her pr is successful in obfuscating the lack of substance of her work . 
  she 's been big on words but very small on deeds so far ... if that makes someone chancellor material then i fear for the future of this country . 
   well i 'm no big fan of von der leyen either , but she also said that by 2030 they want to invest an additional 9 billion euros a year until 2030 . 
  the 130 billion euros in investment until 2013 would have meant an immediate increase of more than 5 billion euros - this year . 
  has it happened ? 
  nope ... 
  even the bundeswehrverband has recently demanded to rise the defense budget to 45 billion euros in 2017 to cure even the most dramatic shortages . 
  will that happen ? 
  in an election year ? 
  lol !, 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  the bundeswehr has run up such a massive investment and replacement backlog that it will take years to tackle them . 
  the former inspector general of the army tallied the army 's needs alone at 20 billion euros ( run up since 1990 ) . 
  then there are the issues with ammunition stocks being too low - another 14 billion euros needed . 
  and we have n't heard any details about the financial needs of the navy and the luftwaffe . 
   they plan to add 7 thousand soldiers in 1 year and another 15 thousand in the next . 
  the bundeswehr , and the navy in particular , has serious problems of recruiting and retaining people . 
  the mod wanted 170000 professional soldiers by the end of 2016 , the trend has been going down steadily for months ( current state according to augengeradeaus is 167.724 , a slight decrease from last month ) . 
  the problems are compounded by the general lack of even basic gear which could have been procured if a ) the money were there and b ) if the bundestag was n't always trying to reinvent the wheel with every procurement decision just to pamper a few defense contractors who happen to have their factories in the electoral districts of certain mps . 
  defense minister has always been an `` ejector seat '' - we 've had 8 chancellors since 1949 but 17 defense ministers . 
  and if we 're looking at the empty shirts we 'd had over the last few years then the lack of importance becomes even more obvious : - von der leyen - got the job because it was the last one left , qualifications ? 
  uhm ... - de maiziere aka misere , bland and drab bureaucrat with the leadership qualities of a piece of coal - zu guttenberg aka baron copy & paste , flashy but ultimately a bit too focused on media attention - jung - empty shirt and bland placeholder , probably selected for his inability - struck - reliable party soldier of the spd , never caused a fuss but iirc not much of a `` doer '' , either - scharping - windbag if there ever was one , mod was used to dispose of him without too much noise i do n't remember stoltenberg and r\u00fche too clearly so i 'll abstain from making a judgement . 
  `` merkel said '' ... 
  i give you three seconds to figure out how reliable that is . 
  she 's long since mastered the art of saying what her opposite wants to hear at a certain time , then turn around and wait things out without doing anything . 
  he is right - von der leyen got the job by the inverse process of `` musical chairs '' . 
  her `` native '' portfolio was taken up by the spd and so she got the ministery which had n't been assigned , yet . 
  and beyond grandiose rhetorics and a few `` baby steps '' she has n't done anything substantial ... 
  you have just perfectly outlined the french view of military power - which is why most other eu members wo n't sign up to the french idea of a eu military . 
  most are pretty happy with a military that defends their territory and does n't `` do stuff '' in foreign countries many people would be challenged to find on a globe without the help of google . 
  any deployment has to be sanctioned by the parliament ( parliamentary participation act ) . 
  its powers are quite far-reaching , because the government is actually forced to tailor the mandate ( including numbers , even armament and roe ) to the current mood so that the bundestag actually agrees to the mandate ( the nice bureaucratic german term for that is `` bundestagssicher '' ) . 
  that was one of the major reasons for the dubious performance of the german isaf component - the troops in afghanistan had asked for heavy weapons , revised roes and a lot of other things since pretty much 2003 , but the government ( and the military leadership ) refused to even acknowledge these demands because such a mandate would have caused a debate they did not wish to hold ( especially with pluralities of germans already opposed to the afghanistan deployment ) . 
  uhm , small matter of having been divided and under allied occupation/supervision for 40 years , being a signatory of the non-proliferation treaty and having had the rather unique experience of being nuclear ground-zero-to-be for decades ? 
  pick your reason , there are plenty . 
  i doubt it . 
  if anything i fear we 'll see but a few `` placatory gestures '' but in reality they are afraid of touching security issues because they perceive the topic as a career killer . 
  i agree with pretty much everything you said - but this also means the entire thing is doomed from the outset . 
  why ? 
  because france , with the uk leaving the undoubted military top dog of the eu , will neither agree to limit its own forces to a defensive role nor will french politicians give up their intention to have european resources and forces underpin their foreign policy interests in africa . 
  which , essentially , the rest of the eu is not willing to do in any case . 
  so , essentially , we have two contradictive sets of `` red lines '' ... and if france decided to opt out the entire idea would become pointless because it would leave us germans ( who are really loath to do anything in the military sphere ) as lead nation - which neither we germans nor anyone else would be comfortable with . 
  which means neither the european parliament nor the commission would have anything to say about it - it would remain a strictly national affair ( based on bi - and multilateral agreements ) and strictly outside eu competences . 
  as such ... it wo n't be a `` federal '' thing . 
   nato already has the 2 % requirement . 
  if countries signed that , i do n't see a reason why a more reasonable 0.5-1 % requirement ca n't be instituted into law . 
  ministers can sign non-binding declarations of intent ( and that is all this ominous 2 % of gdp thing ever was , despite attempts to rhetorically upgrade it into a hard obligation ) until the sun burns out . 
  in the end national parliaments have the control over budgetary issues and if they do n't sign up to this then no agreement is worth the paper it was printed on . 
  the issue in this will most likely be the question of influence on decisionmaking , which practically means states wanting to reserve a veto to stop things they do n't want or are not prepared to support . 
  which , obviously , would doom the entire thing ...  that 's clearly an exaggeration . 
  not every member is unique . 
  there will likely be 2-3 blocks of how to do things . 
  there always are . 
  this is not something to be afraid of . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  http://www.ecfr.eu/publications/summary/europes_strategic_cacophony205 it should tell you something about how `` united '' world views in europe really are ( namely : not very ) . 
  peacekeeping = / = intervention just saying . 
  simply put the monetary issue is one of the most contested things , but the strategic rationale behind such an army ( defensive , interventions , foreign policy etc ) is equally difficult to solve if not insurmountable , because 27 eu member states see the world in 27 different ways and have 27 different sets of what they want , what they 're ready to do and what is absolutely a no go for them . 
  the reality is , however , that the meps wo n't get a voice in this . 
  member states would have to transfer those rights to the eu first , and there i see such a large load of issues that i regard it as supremely unlikely . 
  not to mention that countries like france , whose political body is used to having a military ready to deploy at the snap of his president 's fingers , will not meekly accept that it wo n't be able to do so in the future but rely on other states and the european parliament . 
  and then we get into the question of national interests ... another cluster * feep * . 
  ministers can make statements all day - unless they have the backing of the parliament ( currently not truly clear - especially given the jealously guarded parliamentary participation act in germany and a widespread disinclination to use the military for anything ) and ultimately the people then their concepts are but the hot air frau von der leyen has spread throughout her entire service as mod . 
  most of her announcements have not been followed up by concrete actions beyond what could be construed `` pretensions '' . 
  and what is the level of knowledge those polled have about this `` eu army '' or were they just thinking of their prefered ideal ? 
  i especially doubt the reliability of the german result , because i read this as `` someone else can do it '' . 
  and what happens when brussels comes to berlin with a big fat invoice labeled `` your share '' ? 
  hmm ? 
  edit : ah , thanks for pointing out those are mep opinions . 
  our own political leadership , as the newspaper die welt has revealed just last week , has and still is refusing to hold a normal debate on the recently published white book in the bundestag , because they fear the repercussions of such a debate less than a year before the next federal elections . 
  what message does that carry ? 
  in my eyes it reveals a despicable cowardice of the political establishment and unmasks any of these `` security policy actions '' as placatory gestures towards external partners - they are not based on active policy-making in germany , have no true public support and are aimed at doing the least possible in order to avoid damaging reactions from either the international community or the domestic scene . 
  this is n't responsible and sensible policy-making , it 's despicable avoidance of responsibility !, 
  and unless the political body in berlin ends its cowardly silence on the matter the german society will never hold the damned debate on security policy that was overdue in 1990 and has been missing for the past 26 goddamned years !, 
  but its findings were confirmed just this april by a separate bertelsmann poll : https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/de/publikationen/publikation/did/frayed-partnership/ and this time the question was much less ambigous than in the pew poll :  should german soldiers stand in defense of nato members poland and the baltic states if they are attacked by russia ? 
  57 % no , 31 % yes , 12 % difficult to say you think brexit has changed anything ? 
  will trump change that ? 
  i vividly doubt that , especially given the institutionalized cowardice of the german political establishment and their constant refusal to even debate such issues . 
  as it is most ordinary germans simply want to live their life as they see fit and they want to be left alone by the state , the eu , the world and anyone else who wants them to spend resources on stuff that does n't necessarily touch their everyday lifes . 
  yup . 
  really ? 
  can you provide more than `` gut feeling '' for this ? 
  because i have the distinct impression that the mood is rather tilting towards `` german money for german domestic issues '', 
  i have no idea what will happen , but judging by the actions of politicians in this country it will most likely take `` divine intervention '' to actually force them into doing their effing job . 
  at this point they 're all so fixated on not angering any potential voter that they try to keep any potentially divisive topic off the coming electoral plate . 
  uh , you may wish to rethink this . 
  factually we 've got a system of proportional representation and a culture and history of governing coalitions . 
  as it is the three left-leaning parties ( spd , die linke , greens ) could have formed a coalition government and could have left the cdu - despite their 42 % of votes - standing in the ( opposition ) rain . 
  so theoretially the german system could produce the very same result with the strongest party being forced into opposition if it does n't achieve its own majority and if it does n't find a coalition partner . 
  the problem is - once distilled to the foul-smelling core - that in today 's world of nuclear weapons and intercontinental delivery systems only nations with domestic nuclear armament are truly `` eye-to-eye '' with the big heads of geopolitics . 
  the founding of nato in itself was partially motivated by the intention to keep the number of nations with the nuclear bomb in europe small by providing us nuclear capabilities as the big offshore pacifier and shield . 
  the non-proliferation treaty comes from the same idea - limiting the number of states in order to retain a semblance of international order . 
  if we now take away the us-provided nuclear umbrella russia has but two somewhat-equals on the european peninsula - the uk and france . 
  the rest would not be able to match a potential nuclear blackmail because they do n't have such weapons . 
  can you imagine the disruptive effect on intra-european politics if we suddenly found ourselves in a race to `` the bomb '' by all those cee and scandinavian states who feel directly threatened by russia ? 
  and what effect would that have on states like iran , who has been under scrutiny for its nuclear program , or north korea , pakistan or any other muslim nation ( saudi arabia ? ), 
  which may be interested in developing such weapons ? 
  the problem is they are all the same . 
  no party is going to put * that * topic on the electoral campaign as major issue . 
  the only party with a clear pov on this are die linke , but their pov is `` no , just no ! '',
