   by that i mostly meant that the main players ( germany & france mainly ) of europe should do that . 
  some of germany 's fundamental post-war mentalities make such a role supremely unlikely if not downright impossible . 
  better not expect a herbivore to become a predator and go hunt some prey . 
  he 's a bland , cold-hearted and ugly apparatchik , a bureaucrat . 
  i do n't see him as a person of leadership . 
   but in the past we have had great leaders that built the union by giving up a bit of national sovereignty . 
  i must tell you in advance that i am a eurosceptic and someone who has a very `` british view '' of what the eu can be ( namely but an economic club with a few additional decorations ) and should n't attempt to be ( some pseudo united states of europe ) : i think the eu had reached and even overstepped the limits of what various populations were willing to tolerate . 
  as such i think the various crises merely revealed the deep splits within the eu and that the setup and institutuions were but a fair weather club . 
   the main problem is that europe is following all the idiosyncrasies of the german electorate nowadays . 
  i see things a bit differently , but the essence is this : any eu member holds but a veto right , meaning a state can prevent anything it does n't like . 
  just like the cee electorates ( and the politicians they elected ) rejected any part in the immigration crisis the electorates of the northern member states ( including germany ) refused to be lender of the last resort in the financial crisis . 
  i simply do n't see any part of the eu ( be it institutions or member states ) that have some kind of `` positive leadership '' ( aka the means to bring forth change or advance ) because answering the great questions depends on compromises the various populations are n't willing to make . 
  in the financial crisis merkel went far beyond what her own constituency would have accepted ( she was just lucky that it never blew up in her face ) . 
  had she followed the domestic mood greece would have been forced to declare bancruptcy in 2008 and no bailout mechanism would exist today . 
  you need to understand that no german government had any leeway in this matter , the public remains pretty united in its rejection of being the `` lender of last resort '' . 
  kohl 's political fortunes were saved by the unexpected gift of the fall of the wall . 
  domestically he had come under severe pressure due to his refusal to enact reforms already by the late 1980s ( i.e. 
  pension system , social services , bureaucracy , etc ) . 
  the same refusal to reform ultimately cost him his post in 1998 - the years of him being `` chancellor of reunification '' merely glossed over this central issue of his political life . 
  domestically he was known as `` chief of sitting things out '' , a trait merkel ( as his one-time protegee ) really grasped and adapted for her own use . 
   why should america , with a smaller population and economy than the eu , keep underwriting europe 's security ? 
  why do n't these shills that europe is not a single country with one population but a collection of 27 states that have different priorities , outlooks , interests and political cultures ? 
  you just ** ca n't ** add up gdps and population numbers and make deductions from that . 
  that is misleading and stupid . 
   a franco-german defence paper talks vainly of `` strategic autonomy '' . 
  anyone with even a passing accquaintance of french and german socio-political culture will understand that this is the french position and the german signature was added because of the `` friendship '' dogma . 
  once the difficult questions come on the table the vast divide between france and germany will reappear immediately and nothing but symbolism will be possible ( franco-german brigade , anyone ? ) . 
  bottom line : there is no unity of outlook , interest and especially political culture . 
  we have one state supremely focused on strategic autonomy and its former colonial empire in africa ( france ) , we have germany with its `` culture of reticence '' , we have cee states who want armored brigades glowering at russia and we have a number of states `` in between '' . 
  this is a knot that makes the gordian knot look like an easy thing to solve - even without alexander 's sword  . 
   saving money on things like child-care ( and more ) to deal with the consequences of having no children is the epitome of a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i think this has very little to do with `` austerity '' but a lot more with the paleo-conservatives in the cdu and especially csu who still seem to think that a woman 's place is in the kitchen . 
  that and the small matter of the peculiar german federalism in which every petty head of a federal state is pretending to be a little sun king and jealously guards `` his prerogatives '' against `` illegal government influence '' . 
  case in point : 16 federal states , 16 different school systems . 
  that 's just as gaga . 
  i see he 's still full speed ahead on making friends left and right ... / s, 
  hmmm ... arguing about the location of yet another ineffective and useless eu institution ( because nobody will actually agree what `` defense '' means ) . 
  diversionary tactics seem to work brilliantly . 
  in my opinion : unrealistic proposition and supremely unlikely in the short and mid term , possibly even the long term . 
  why ? 
  there are vast differences in attitudes towards the military and its role within the state . 
  there are nations like france who have a history of using it for their foreign policy interests and their constituencies support or at least tolerate that . 
  then we have outright neutral states like ireland or austria who have built their modern identities based on several pillars , one of which is their neutrality and afaik this neutrality has long since filtered down into the public attitudes in said countries ( which will make it supremely unlikely to win over these populations for such a project ) . 
  then we have countries like the baltics which have a very specific need for military capabilities , a need that is not seen as important and urgent in western european countries , which means the likelyhood of disagreements is skyhigh . 
  and then there are countries like germany which do n't really face many or even any true external threats of the military kind and in which the military is but a `` necessary evil '' ( and like all evils only tolerated in the least possible quantity ) . 
  i have no idea how such a diverse landscape of attitudes and mentalities is supposed to create a useful military ... 
  i just ca n't see it . 
  so what is the current hoohaa about it ? 
  in my opinion only a political smokescreen , an attempt to pretend that europe is not always tied up by disagreements . 
  in the end the vast differences between the various member states will prevent anthing serious , at best ( or worst ) we 'll be stuck with yet another `` european '' institution that does virtually nothing . 
  maybe i should have said `` unbroken tradition '' . 
  it 's not like the dutch , belgians or italians are particularly gung-ho these days despite a colonial past , not to talk of us germans in that respect . 
  while all former colonial powers have lost their colonies it 's been france where the process of demilitarization in foreign policy issues that did grip most other ex-colonial powers ( think netherlands , to a certain degree even the uk feels this `` intervention fatigue '' socially and politically ) is practially undetectable . 
  there 's broad agreement across the political factions about french strategic independence and the role of military power in it and the society writ large signs up to these policies or at least defers those decisions to the government . 
  that makes using military force not politically costly at home , an issue that for example cameron felt over the rejection of his plans to strike in syria in 2013 or that defines the reticence of german politicians to get involved in military affairs at all . 
  which once again proves that different european states had different interests and views of the situation and participation in `` unified protector '' was not really a question of supporting csdp ( or whatever `` european defense '' is called these days ) or not . 
   if you value the role that defence can play in an activist foriegn policy , then you will spend the money and accept that those capabilities will be employed . 
  this . 
  and now you may extrapolate answers why germany has rejected notions to exclude defense from the maastricht financial criteria . 
  well ... for starters the entire libya thing was a lot more complicated than visible at first glance . 
  the only truly committed state was france - and only because sarkozy wanted to score some cheap electoral points . 
  the uk went along because of the lancaster house treaty but its military establishment was pretty united in telling cameron that the mission was nuts . 
  and then we had the disagreements between the various european states with half signing up ( most signed up simply to remain close to the us which had come aboard as well ) and half deciding that the mission was nuts . 
  the bottom line is this : no eu member state but france has a tradition of foreign-policy activism of the military kind ( the uk has such a tradition as well , but it 's of an entirely different flavor ) . 
  which is also why csdp has remained a stillborn for the most part and why the battlegroups have never been used . 
  most countries simply do n't consider such missions to be in their interest . 
   that 's pretty vague . 
  merkel in a nutshell . 
  the public employees are mostly not employees of the german state but of the various federal states and especially the local communities - most of which are in serious financial troubles . 
  it 's not as if the good performance of the `` bund '' means that everything is sunshine and cupcakes . 
  actually given that the lower and middle class has to spend a much larger share of their income on basic consumption lowering the vat would take a proportionally much greater load off their shoulders than for rich folks . 
  of course 1 % of a ferrari is much more than 1 % of a current vw golf , but proportionally the latter rips a much bigger hole into the finances of the person who purchases it than the former . 
  the budget for the next fiscal year is being decided on in september of the current year . 
  as such it 's normal political procedure . 
  however given that we 'll have a federal election in september 2017 i think saying `` electoral campaigning mode confirmed '' is not far off the mark in this case . 
   well if the army was deployed in the mediterranean sea/african coast , then it would n't be germany 's domestic issue ? 
  the distinction the basic law makes is that military security ( = external security ) is firmly in the hands of the bundeswehr while domestic security ( to which border security vis-a-vis migration streams belongs ) is a topic in which the bundeswehr must not play a role at all due to the experiences of the nazi era and the militarization of all security branches then . 
  imo a considerable slice of our political landscape would object to this use of the military in such a `` domestic security issue '' out of decades of political practice and political reality . 
  which means transfering that part of sovereignty will be difficult if not impossible if such uses remain possible . 
  and these political groups really do have a veto method as changing the basic law requires a 2/3 majority in both the bundestag and the bundesrat . 
   also i do n't really understand that rule - does it mean that if germany is attacked by a foreign country ( i know , extremely unlikely , basically impossible , but still ) , you can not defend yourselves because it 's a domestic issue ? 
  as i described above the german basic law contains specific and very detailed differentiations between external and domestic security - because of the historical experiences i talked above but also because of the specific nature of the cold war environment in which the bundeswehr was established . 
  as such a military attack on germany is a military matter but not guarding the border against migration streams . 
  that is a constitutional no-go . 
   i think the only feasible solution would be if the countries still kept their national armies and only provided a part of their forces/finances/weaponry to the eu army under the common command . 
  quite frankly given the chronic and structural underspending of most european states on their own militaries i vehemently doubt an additional spending on top of what is there for any `` eu army '' is out of question . 
  most nations in europe simply do n't have the economic and financial wherewithal to do this . 
  i should have added the '' / s '' ... 
  i apologize for not having made clear that i was being sarcastic . 
   the army as a border guard or deploy it against the smugglers [ ... ] which , if i may be that frank , would be a no-go for german politicians . 
  especially the `` border guard '' thing is a constitutional issue because our constitution prohibits the use of the military in domestic security issues ( apart from helping in catastrophic circumstances - the exact definition of this is topic of a very heated debate within germany right now ) . 
  to transfer * that * aspect of national sovereignty to brussels would mean to abdicate our treasured `` culture of restraint '' and be prepared to do stuff that is a taboo on our national level . 
  somehow i have doubts that this would go over well with our public . 
  i suspect that other member states would question the point of using an army for that and would instead point to their number one security priority ( be it russia or africa / middle east ) . 
  it highlights the necessity to transfer a significant slice of national sovereignty to a european institution to allow for such an `` eu army '' to even exist and operate with any degree of efficiency . 
  given the current ( and forseeable ) political environment i severely doubt that such transfers of sovereignty are even theoretically possible . 
  if you want to read a bit more in-depth on the different attitudes and outlooks of germany and france in defense policy issues ( and can stand reading ca 110 pages ) i suggest you google for a pdf named `` a stocktaking of french and german visions for european defense '' dated september 30 2015 ( published by the french ministery of defense ) . 
  it shows quite well the vastly differing outlooks of both states . 
  institutionally they probably were , but generally there is a big cocktail of reasons why csdp has gotten nowhere . 
  the uk 's sovereigntism and atlanticism was but one among many and i think it was rather the least important .
