  that 's one of the maddest aspects of our federal system - the federal states would like to take money from the government but they do n't want to give it any say on the matter how they organize their schools and what they teach . 
  demanding more investment in education is of course easy and nobody will object , but our federal structure turns that exercise into a seriously complex and long-winding negotiation . 
  if `` europe '' has become a mantra that all political parties are chanting when they 're being asked searching questions ( and do n't want to answer them truthfully ) then casting the vote is complicated . 
  which is why i have voted for freie w\u00e4hler ever since 2005 - i did cast my vote but i did not vote for any of the big established parties . 
  i had hoped the afd could develop into a serious party but then they were taken over by closet nazis , national-chauvinists and neo - * v\u00f6lkisch * mongrels which turned it into a npd-in-disguise . 
  wagenknecht dabbles her feet in the populist pond once in a while , that does n't necessarily make her afd-esque . 
  yes , they did . 
  but only because france does n't have a domestic small arms industry anymore . 
  if you take a look at most french defense projects ( i.e. 
  rafale , ships , tank , apc/ifv etc ) you 'll find they are virtually all homemade with few if any being bought abroad . 
  bailout packages means limited liability , eurobonds or even transfers opens the gate to unlimited liabilities . 
  besides packages have to be negotiated , the other stuff - once in place - will be cast in concrete until someone breaks out . 
  nope , sorry - that is something i simply refuse to sign up to . 
  federal state level does not equal country level . 
  in fact ramelow is one of the more levelheaded folks in that party , but one of the heads of the party is an unashamed stalin-admirer and hardcore marxist ( sarah wagenknecht ) . 
  even if ramelow was to make a brilliant job on the federal state level he could do squat for the realiability and trustworthiness of the party as a whole because it contains far too many fundamentalist nutjobs on its left wing . 
  german politicians have the unfortunate habit of taking the `` europe '' meme a bit too serious at times which results in them being willing to make compromises for the sake of `` europe '' that other politicians enter without ever intending to uphold the promises they made ( i.e. 
  maastricht treaty with its economic ruleset and `` no-bailout-clause '' ) . 
  secondly his history as eu mp gives him a bias towards europe and i fear he may make another foul compromise that ends up on our collective table as a blank checque with `` germany please sign here '' . 
  pretty much any poll on the matter since 2008 ? 
  the public mood is ** forbidding ** where such notions are concerned . 
  the people were n't in the mood during the height of the crisis and they are even less so today . 
  schulz has no history in domestic politics above the municipal level . 
  that puts him apart from merkel - who remains noncommittal as a matter of principle as you said - but she has a history people can use to judge her , schulz does not . 
  to me he needs to say what he stands for , especially since his own party has become so totally devoid of any red thread ( not that the cdu is any better , though ) . 
  a ) fiscal policy . 
  as president of the eu parliament he spoke of eurobonds and transfers - precisely the things that will cost him any chance of becoming chancellor if he dares to mention them in the electoral campaign . 
  b ) his exact stance on immigration policy . 
  those are the `` known unknowns '' ... 
  but essentially he is pretty much a blank sheet as far as domestic policies in germany are concerned . 
  right now people can use him as projection screen for some of their idealistic hopes , when he has to take positions that ability will be lost and then we will see whether that `` schulz effect '' is anything but a placebo . 
   i fail to see how the failures of intergovermentalism has strengthened the argument for intergovermentalism . 
  do n't turn the argument on the head - i said the tendency is back to intergovernmentalism because the `` community method '' would require compromises which no nation is willing to make ( not on economics and finances , not on immigration and especially not on security and defense ) . 
  and despite the lofty rhetoric about `` more union '' the states will continue to favor intergovernmentalism as it allows them to block things they do n't want . 
  i think you grossly overestimate the powers of the eu institutions in the face of growing intergovernmental policymaking practices . 
  if anything the euro crisis and the refugee crisis have strengthened the trend back to national decisionmaking and this is especially true for the highly complex and controverse aspect of defense and security ( which touches upon * the * core of national sovereignty ) . 
  schulz has remained very vague in his statements so far so the proof will be in the pudding when it comes to details . 
  there are some thorny issues he has remained silent on so far ... 
   not if it were part of he military treaties that european teritories and dependencies are sacrosanct . 
  well the last few years have shown how little `` european treaties '' really matter when push comes to shove ( think maastricht treaty and dublin iii ) . 
  why would it be difficult to imagine a public outcry over being `` dragged '' into a confrontation on the other side of the world for a tiny territory most people would need to google in the first place ? 
   airbus and the recent kmw-nexter ( french-german tank production ) do proove that it can work out though . 
  actually both airbus and kant have been lambasting the german export regulations to the point of demanding merkel to reign in the spd-led ministery of economics . 
  gabriel 's crusade against defense exports ( for the sake of pampering the left-wing ) has created some serious problems for a lot of german defense contractors . 
  and apart from that - airbus has problems , not just in its helicopter branch but also its military branch in general . 
  and kant has yet to prove its value , especially since on kmw 's behalf it was more of an escape attempt from said `` crusade '' against defense exports . 
   while true that much can be gained in terms of less costs and more capabilities without yielding too much sovereignty by joining procurement bids , it never worked really well in europe . 
  spot on . 
   because the bids are not based on competition between manufacturers , but they 're based on a pulling contest on who can get the manufacturer inside their borders . 
  even more spot on . 
  let 's all be honest for once - defense procurement in most countries that actually have defense contractors is but an industry subsidy coming from a another budget than the ministery of economics . 
  france probably takes this to the extreme because of the government 's inistence on `` strategic autonomy '' ( which de facto means they keep their hands on their contractors and shield the home market from foreign competition as much as possible ) but the same is true for germany , the uk , even poland ( which has gone even more towards `` buy national '' in the wake of the crimean crisis ) . 
  and for national politicians high-salary jobs in their own electoral districts are always going to be much much more important than some nebulous `` european capabilities '' . 
  i do n't think the old f123 will get anything but the remaining harpoons until they 're being decommissioned . 
  putting the rbs on that `` colonial cannon boat cruiser wannabe '' f125 may actually give that embarrassment of a warship something useful wrt armaments while the f124 , mks 180 and k130 could be equipped with the nsm . 
  in modern defense procurement such `` one hand washes the other '' is quite common . 
  often aspiring nations like india will insist on `` technology transfer '' as a major condition of such procurement contracts being signed ( which is also why it took india so long to select the rafale ) . 
  for norway the nsm seems to be a major project of its defense industry and it actually provides interesting capabilities for germany as well . 
  not only it 's a medium-sized anti-ship missile ( with some limited land-attack capabilities ) which could replace the near obsolescent versions of excocet and harpoon that germany uses but there is also an nsm version that can be carried by aircraft and could give the luftwaffe the capability to fly anti-shipping ops which was lost after the scrapping of the old kormoran missiles ( formerly used by the german naval tornados ) . 
  as such both sides not only gain capabilities but also support their domestic defense contractors . 
   sounds like another win for eu-navy . 
  sounds rather like cheapskate politicians trying to outsource costs . 
  again . 
  although that makes me wonder what happens to the rbs 15 mk3 currently on the k130s ? 
  sounds like a `` one hand washes the other '' thing ... norway procuring type 212s ( or 214 ?? 
  ) , germany procuring the nsm for the k130s . 
  and yet 34 % for cdu/csu and only 28 % for spd ... and neither a cdu/csu - fdp coalition nor a spd-die linke - greens coalition would have a majority ( if the current polls were to translate 1:1 into the result of the vote ) . 
  meaning we 'd get merkel as chancellor and schulz as vice-chancellor in another grand coalition . 
  ps : fun fact - when steinbr\u00fcck stepped up for the last election the spd also made a jump in polls only to deflate rather quickly . 
  nobody should read too much into such polls , yet . 
  not in detail , but with that explanation i can extrapolate the rest . 
  nah , i 'm not into such stuff , thank you . 
  i honestly do n't even know what exactly you 're refering to . 
  got a problem with me , buddy ? 
  actually i think nobody dares to mention a possible end of the euro because it is a political project and nobody wants to end up in the history books as having been its undertaker . 
  the german representative at the ecb and the german minister of finances have protested against pretty much any of the recent ecb rate decisions as well as spoken up against the ongoing qe . 
  those measures weaken the euro ( because the southern countries would n't be able to deal with an appreciating euro ) . 
  the fact that the euro is undervalued for an economy like ours is obvious , the intent of mister navarro is another matter and much more sinister ( * divide et impera * ? 
  who let open your cell door again ? 
  shoo , back into your cell and take your medicine . 
  you 're ranting again . 
  if schulz is chancellor after september 2017 then because he got into bed with die linke ( though that 's unlikely given today 's utterings by lafontaine ) . 
  in that case we 're f * cked , anyway ... generally , though , the merkel government did more than public opinion would have allowed , but not much more than that . 
  even the spd quickly backtrailed after the sh * tstorm over them `` thinking loudly '' about ways to move towards eurobonds etc. 
  they know very well that this is a touchy topic and nobody wants to get burned by looking at it the wrong way . 
  what 's the old saying ? 
  * `` the best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity . 
  '' * so true ... 
  he will refrain from making any comment on this , because he knows if he does as much as hint at being willing to go down this route the spd will crash even worse than in 2009 and 2013 . 
  erm ... the ideals of humanism developed in europe whose fundament was laid by judeo-christian beliefs over a long time . 
  `` strong '' ideologies often construct a whole new set of morality to allow for its believers to do things that `` ordinary morality '' ( = the christian set of moral values as it developed in europe ) would consider amoral and evil . 
  secondly , as a historian studying the behavorial patterns , beliefs and attitudes of ordinary soldiers throughout several conflicts ( ww2 , vietnam , iraq 2003 ) said , `` unfortunately a lot of people like committing violence . '', 
  if such people are being put in situations that drastically differ from their usual environment ( like i.e. 
  making them soldiers in a war ) the result can be that they do stuff they 'd never do in their normal civilian lifes ( which could be seen all too often in vietnam and even in iraq - especially when fear for their own lifes kicks in the survival instinct and inhibitions disappear ) . 
  one of the striking characteristics of rank and file ss members was how `` ordinary '' many of them were , especially among the perpetrators of the worst crimes . 
  it seems that if one puts such people in a position of power ( as a guard ) , provides them with a mental and ideological framework to overrule their moral hesitancy and tells them their service is `` necessary '' the result will be exactly the kind of syrreal mix of self-righteousness , ideological blindness and violent sadism that characterized many of the ss guards at the concentration camps . 
  taking israelis vs arab conflicts as yardstick for technical capabilities is a dangerous risk to take . 
  an f-15 outside the command & control environment we take for granted flown by a pilot who is not trained to western standards is not going to be as effective as it has been in the past . 
  the same is true for a soviet fighter which was designed for the tightly controlled environment ( full of gci , lots and lots and lots of air defense systems etc ) the soviets envisioned and flown by air forces that simply were n't as professional as even the red army was ... not to mention that soviet policy was to export only downgraded technology and often the downgrade set back the technology by at least one generation ( i.e. 
  export models of the mig-23 had the older radar of the mig-21 , a t-72 in soviet service had a much much better armor than the export models which lacked the ceramic components of the composite armor etc ) .
