  `` mutual economic goals '' ... pfft . 
  unless the language remains so vague that it could mean anything and nothing this will amount to nothing , because both countries essentially think of very different goals , policies and means to achieve said goals . 
  which is why i am so skeptical about this `` information briefing '' . 
  given how deeply entrenched anti-nuclear views are across the entire german society and how unwilling german politicians have been for years to act against broad public opposition i am unconvinced they will retain a ( these days virtually useless ) tactical nuclear option and risk a major domestic political fallout . 
  the only price to pay for dropping out of this nuclear sharing is political - it would mean leaving nato nuclear planning council . 
  that is a price many germans consider a bargain for the chance to make germany nuke-free . 
   the goal is not macro economic , the goal is political ( military capacity ) and the macroeconomic consequences are just an effect . 
  many germans are already very skeptical of the political effect ( as i outlined ) but you explicitly argued on the basis of a macroeconomic reason . 
    a real issue but the germans seem already having some initiative they are integrating other eu division under their chain of command . 
  not really . 
  the `` integration '' is not deep , the respective countries retain full political and military authority over their units . 
  as such the entire thing is primarily based on `` european symbolism '' ... and the hope that said `` partners '' will procure the products of german defense contractors . 
   if german gov would take it serious to patch the bundeswehr shortcomings and projects would be given to the defense industry , then a lot of money would follow the supply chains in whole europe , but not only public money , private capital will also go this way since there would be the perspective of future roi . 
  it 's not about throwing money , it 's more about creating the right chain of events . 
  the german government has very little room to maneuver in this area as public opinion is the limiting factor here . 
  if the government is being viewed as `` wasting '' money on military affairs while people perceive all kinds of issues said funds could be spent on in their everyday lifes then the pressure on the cooker is going to rise ... as i said in my previous post people here do not feel the need for serious military capabilities due to a near complete lack of a threat that is actually perceived . 
  the suspicion is that we 'd provide military capabilities for other countries , either in a ( potential ) confrontation with russia which majorities here have absolutely no interest in or in interventionist adventures in african or middle east dustbowls which again majorities here has no interest in participating in . 
  that is , after all is said and done , the prime reason ... many do n't really think the bundeswehr does anything for us at this point but strengthening it would only draw in unwanted foreign interest dragging us into all kinds of things people here would prefer to sit out . 
   one would be its military capacity , which a lot underdeveloped relative to its gdp , the right message to its german industry could be the start if large scale investment . 
  just like the auto industry invested and acquired almost everything that moved in europe so it could be with defense industry . 
  also signals like that in which the germans were interested in f35 are good . 
  for starters : the `` interest '' in the f-35 is but that - an initial interest . 
  i am deeply skeptical if anything will ever materialize in that direction . 
  even in military-averse germany the headlines of problems , cost overruns and technical issues have been noted , people ( of all kinds ) remain skeptical whether yet another major project with high costs and even higher risks would do any good at this point . 
  the bundeswehr has enough homemade trouble spots to sort out ... 
  but to reply to your post : there is zero ( well , actually * negative * ) likelihood that politicians will go down that route , especially not to downsize the surplus . 
  the society will not stand for procurement of military capabilities to achieve such a macroeconomic goal . 
  in fact people here are supremely skeptical about any further military capabilities because they rightly perceive a lack of `` national need '' ( we just do n't feel threatened ) while perceiving the danger of either our politicians becoming too emboldened in foreign policy ( less likely ) or a rising but unwanted interest of outside actors in german military auxiliary services for their ends . 
  neither option sounds particularly good to german ears . 
  secondly the reality is that while people may accept some more financial resources being put into fixing the most glaring shortcomings of the current bundeswehr there is virtually no appetite to go beyond plugging holes . 
  a large-scale investment and an increase in size runs into the same problem the current bundeswehr already has - few people sign up and even fewer will be available in the future . 
  a certain slice of the extreme left rejects any notion of german statehood and german authorities , literally `` because nazis '' . 
  there is no logic in this , just blinkered ideology of blind hate of anything that stands for germany as a state and as a people . 
  the problem is that keynes has been purposely misunderstood , misinterpreted and especially misapplied . 
  after all he spoke of counter-cylical spending , meaning a state would have to cut back on its outlays during boom times ( aka `` austerity '' ) to balance against its expenses during downturns . 
  the problem is that politicians ** everywhere ** only saw half of what keynes prescribed and spent whenever and wherever they could , mostly to buy themselves the goodwill of the electorate . 
  we 're in economic downturn ? 
  why , take a loan and spend , we need to get out of that . 
  woah , we 're booming ? 
  fine , spend even more so that the boom goes on and on and on ... after decades of misuse keynes ' ideas have become such a silly carricature of what the man initially prescribed that a state which actually does what he wanted ( reduce the debt load during a boom ) is getting demonized just for that . 
  the articles i have ead suggest the opposite . 
  besides the denial by german authorities seems to simply be an attempt to defuse a public backlash against these kinds of backroom deals and french political machinations . 
  but i think we ought to end this thread in here , it has little to do with the article itself . 
  and yet there is literally zero chance that this `` decision '' could have been swallowed by the german political body given how literally everyone was railing against the way it was eventually introduced and only kohl 's `` brutal '' enforcement of faction discipline within the bundestag and bundesrat made it possible . 
  the society was against it , pretty much the entire economy , the economists , many politicians themselves ... 
  without reunification there was simply no way to enforce it nor was there a way this `` decision '' could have survived the first bit of public scrutiny in germany . 
  period . 
  have you noticed how he merely criticized the conservatives while not mentioning just what he and the social-democrats would do differently ? 
  there are currents within the center-left and especially left-wing politics here that are actually even more open to immigration than even merkel . 
  they preach unlimited immigration , broadest possible application of `` tolerance '' ... some on the extreme left fringe even speak of such `` altruistic '' immigration stances as `` payback for nazism '' ( talk about self-hate ) . 
  actually the same gridlock we 're seeing today brought the idea to a halt in the 1980s as well ... germany rejected the french idea of `` fiscal union before political union '' and france rejected the german notion of `` fiscal union only after political union '' . 
  it was indeed the french demand to accept the euro in exchange for the french agreement to reunification that broke the deadlock ... as helmut kohl himself admitted later ( even though the full extend of `` fiscal union '' was averted from a german pov in the maastricht negotiations ) . 
  the debate about a common currency was indeed older than 1990 , but the project had gone nowhere because the two major countries ( germany and france ) had very different ideas about its scope , its purpose and the details . 
  i can imagine them wanting to get to the meat troughs of eu subsidies and especially the common market . 
  the rest of the stuff that comes with eu membership ? 
  not so much ... 
  and i would like 20 million euros on my bank account , a hot supermodel as girlfriend , a few ferraris and lamborghinis in the garage and a private jet to boot . 
  does n't mean i 'll ever get it . 
  eu membership for turkey ? 
  can we please finally kill that mirage ? 
  it 'll never happen . 
  not a snowball 's chance in hell . 
   it 's high time france reduces its footprint abroad and let other powerful european nations do some work . 
  that presupposes that other european nations see the world the way you do . 
  hint : most do n't . 
  having lived in frankfurt for a while and having seen more of those than i ever wanted to i admit to having toyed with a far less flattering term than `` shill '' . 
  but that is just my personal bias talking . 
   what do you mean ? 
  a plain free-trade agreement with the uk would damage nobody . 
  the uk demands excemptions from the four basic freedoms ... which is essentially cherrypicking of cherrypicking . 
  it wants the benefits of membership without the commitments and downsides . 
  that is , naturally , not going to fly . 
  if we give the uk such excemptions everyone is going to want some ... which in turn would make the whole ( already barely working ) organization being completely unworkable and factually dead . 
   given that uk is the largest single export market for german goods , britain 's importance for germany is unquestionable . 
  the uk may be important , but it is nowhere near important enough to treat the uk as the special snowflake of special snowflakes it wants to be treated as . 
  that is the problem ... the uk has something to offer in these negotiations , but it is by far not as important as the stuff it wants in return . 
  most would prefer no brexit for sure , but when being forced to choose between damaging the european market while accomodating the uk and preserving the ( much bigger ) european market while not accomodating the uk i think the latter will be chosen by almost everyone of them . 
  i think many brexiteers have a false and overblown estimation of their own importance and that of their country . 
  it seems as if the old 1945 adage of the uk `` having lost an empire and not yet having found its role '' is still true . 
  maybe brexit will finally shake the country ( and its people ) out of this false sense of security . 
  even though the author made some points that are quite good the entire article feels as if the spectator 's editor-in-chief tried to find a german citizen who has lived in he uk for a long , long time and would write an article with the ( mostly ) british view so it could be published under that headline . 
  edit : just saw the occupation of the author - financial shill . 
  now why am i not surprised about the content of the article anymore ? 
  it 's still hipocritical to `` absolve '' the other parties of blame here ( and the spd in the forefront because they are the other big party in the system ) . 
  just as it takes two to tango the political body as a whole is guilty of avoiding debates ( and i think this is just because not having to explain difficult issues is just so much more comfortable ) . 
  and every other party has meekly played along . 
  because retaining one 's mandate and comfy job ( and all the perks that come with it ) is just so much more important than any `` debate '' , is n't it ? 
  and if i might remind you that the spd has been in government for 8 of the past 12 years and has always nodded to government decisions so accusing just the cdu of creating this neo-biedermeier is more than a tad dishonest . 
  it 's not necessarily a foreign country which could be the source of that `` titulation '' , the domestic pc squad of ngos , left-leaning media and self-appointed guardians of moralin-acidic purity have been the source for some career ends ( i.e. 
  thilo sarrazin [ even though his theses were simply too primitive and stupid to be of any consequence ] ) . 
  politicians fear being labeled a nazi because that label is virtually impossible to get rid of . 
  actually i think it 's more a pathological fear of being called `` nazi '' by someone else . 
  the leopard 2 base originated in the 1970s . 
  the bundeswehr thinks it has but one more upgrade in it , then it 's too old and further updates would overburden the chassis and its basic construction . 
  the current a7v is focused primarily on mobility updates ( new stronger suspension with stronger torsion bars , new transmission etc ) along with the previous internal updates of the a7 , the a8 will probably feature more tech updates as well as ( potentially ) an aps ( the bundeswehr has formulated that as potential requirement for the a7v already and the industry gave that one a nod ) . 
  there is probably more ( like a new engine ) but what exactly remains to be seen . 
  airbus - as major shareholder of the eurofighter gmbh - refuses to let the us access the ef 's technological `` secrets '' ( which would be necessary to develop an interface between aircraft and the b61 bomb ) . 
  they fear ( with justification imo ) that those secrets would be in lm 's and boeing 's hands faster than you could say * ooops ! * . 
  as such - the ef will not carry the b61 . 
  period .
