  * leading * infers that someone follows ... looking at the uk 's post-referendum clusterf *** and trump 's ego-driven mania even in his first days i 'm pretty sure i 'd prefer to move into the opposite direction . 
  a change in attitude would mean active and personal interest , participation , debates and discussions - even if it means rejection of deployments . 
  as it is the bundeswehr operates in a vacuum - no serious political framework that would put some sense of order into our security policy ( it is being used as `` credit chip '' to placate foreign partners while nobody in political berlin dares to ask what they really need and what that costs ) and no moral support from the society , either , which does n't feel as if the soldiers are doing something for them . 
  not bothering to care anymore is n't exactly an improvement ... and the german political body is to blame for that development . 
  they chickened out of the major societal debate that was overdue in 1994 . 
   also - the attitude is ever so slowly changing . 
  about 20 years ago , a rescue operation of foreign citizens in albania was a major event for the german armed forces and the public , since it was the first time in 52 years that german soldiers opened fire in anger . 
  people in the 90 's would have pronounced you crazy if you told them that the bundeswehr is operating in afghanistan , mali or lithuania . 
  i 'd question the assertion that attitudes are changing . 
  as it is most people could n't care less whether some poor souls are being deployed to some god-forsaken dustbowl far away . 
  in the early 1990s people did kick up a stink on principle ( because * never again !, 
  * ) , these days most do n't get worked up enough anymore to protest . 
  bottom line is there is no real connection between society and soldiers , unless you serve yourself or have relatives who serve people will hardly ever get direct contact with the military . 
  and even if the bundeswehr 's own social science institute polls germans every year on the bundeswehr and gets roughly 80 % positive answers they say themselves that this is rather `` tolerance '' than `` support '' . 
  people will nod and smile but not feel any obligations arise out of that . 
   but i do think that the post-war initial menace of a conventional invasion should have left a much bigger mark as it must have been traumatic to live under the threat of being invaded by your own compatriots while not being allowed weapons of your own . 
  you forget the `` ohne mich '' movement and the near political crisis over the rearmament . 
  there was broad and far-ranging resistance to rearmament in west germany , not just from left-leaning people but many conservatives and a lot of former wehrmacht soldiers ( some highly decorated ) . 
  how did a certain franz-joseph strau\u00df phrase it ? 
  `` the german hand that ever touches a rifle again shall wither and die . '', 
   as said in the other subthread , nuclear weapons were n't the end-all safety they 're made out to be ; at various points , conventional assaults would have been thinkable without them resulting in nuclear war , especially if you take into account how the su constantly tried to undermine the countries of europe with the fifth column . 
  erm , no . 
  sorry , but this puts history on its head . 
  initially nato had the strategic concept of `` massive retaliation '' meaning a nuclear answer to anything the soviets try . 
  that effectively made nuclear weapons the `` catch all '' thing . 
  and when the us switched to `` flexible response '' it threw a lot of european nations for a loop , most of all west germany because everyone knew that nato could n't match the sheer numbers of the conventional forces of the warsaw pact . 
  that was when the idea of tripwire forces was born - if enough americans ( or brits ) die in a soviet attack the chance of either country not responding with all its means would be lessened . 
  looking at this from a cynic 's perspective this translates into these contingents being little more than `` dead men '' whose only job is to die and make sure their home country does n't try to find a way to get out of this war . 
  adenauer 's main goal was to regain west german sovereignty as much and as quickly as possible . 
  a second goal was to cement * westbindung * even at the cost of a potential reunification ( which he favored due to his personal history with leaning towards rhineland separatism and his disdain for berlin and the german east in general ) . 
  for him it was not an issue whether german armed forces existed independently ( as bundeswehr ) or as a component of whatever `` european '' solution - to him their only role was that of a political price he was willing to pay to achieve his personal political goals . 
  i 've got a book on the role of the bundeswehr in german politics at home , written by general a.d. ulf von krause . 
  it is a bit dry ( it 's more of a * lehrbuch * for students of politics etc ) but contains a load of interesting stuff nonetheless . 
  besides german politics never really cared much for the military unless it could help them make gains . 
  adenauer famously ignored nato benchmarks when he set the first service time for conscripts to 12 months when both nato and his own generals told him anything below 18 months was pointless and would endanger military capabilities . 
  why did he do that ? 
  because he had an election to win and did n't want to make even more voters angry . 
  oh , and remember then federal president heinemann 's famous and downright derogatory goodbye to bundeswehr soldiers on maneuver ? 
  actually the specifics of the german situation throughout the cold war make this result rather understandable . 
  given the numerous tactical nuclear weapons prepositioned in both germanies at that time - and their pre-planned use - an outbreak of hostilities would most likely have reduced germany as a whole into a smoldering pit of glass . 
  both sides were pretty liberal in their plans for using tactical nuclear arms , one soviet plan saw an intial strike package of 300 ( !! ), 
  warheads dropped on targets even before the red army was supposed to cross the border . 
  nato itself never really planned for a non-nuclear war of more than 3 weeks - by that time either nato would resort to tactical nuclear arms to blunt soviet breakthroughs or the soviet union would resort to them to facilitate breakthroughs . 
  either way , the result would have been the same - glassed over parking lot . 
  given this realization do n't you think the devaluation of conventional military forces is somewhat understandable ? 
  i found the setting rather ludicrous to the point of being downright bs . 
  adenauer wanted a west-german military to toss it at the western allies as a credit chip in exchange for more sovereignty . 
  he famously did n't care about any details , not even if that new military even had any combat value at all . 
  for him the bundeswehr was but a political variable , a piece on the chessboard he used to attain a different goal . 
  his rhetoric merely played into the already existing worries of us officials that `` nato without a west-german component [ aka `` warm bodies '' ] amounts to a rear-guard action on the shores of the atlantic '' . 
   the thing is economic dominance necessarily comes with security dominance or it wo n't last . 
  it wo n't last , anyway . 
  key phrase is here demographic change . 
  security leadership goes against central pillars of post-war german understanding of ourselves . 
  we 're a state of merchants , not of hard-nosed geopoliticans . 
  it , however , also serves as a hint to how irrelevant the military is for the german society writ large . 
  even at a time where a palpable and direct threat existed a large number of people opted out ... and these days we have virtually no reason to even think about the military as there is neither a direct military threat nor do we have an interventionist political culture . 
  the thing is ordinary germans have no use for `` leading europe '' in any case . 
  that empty rhetorics remain inside the political body , it finds no echo in the population . 
  most of us here would rather be left alone to deal with our lives . 
  besides that we 've been hammered for 7 decades ( with considerable justification ) to wind in the neck , to not be militaristic , not be ambitious and not step onto the center stage . 
  those admonishments have stuck . 
  we 're neither in the business of offering `` leadership '' ( which all too often is but the politically correct version of `` gib euromonies , plox '' ) nor do we consider ourselves to be anyone 's `` protector '' . 
  that particular horse was shot in april 1945 and buried in a bomb crater . 
  that 's the thing - conscripts were never sent abroad in any case . 
  and even in the 1980s the number of conscious objectors grew so much that already by 1985 nato officials were getting very worried about a serious reduction of bundeswehr numbers due to the sheer lack of conscripts who 'd actually serve . 
  given that throughout the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s the rate of refusals to serve in the bundeswehr skyrocketed to the point that not avoiding military service ( which was laughably easy in the end ) was considered a sign of not having all of one 's marbles in place ... 
  i am rather skeptical of this claim . 
  i think it 's from a gallup poll from 2015 . http://gallup-international.bg/en/publications/2015/220-win-gallup-international%e2%80%99s-global-survey-shows-three-in-five-willing-to-fight-for-their-country, 
  i disagree . 
  force projection is a function of a political stance . 
  if a country , like for example germany , has a socio-political culture that is neither outward-looking nor particular military-focused and which does n't consider squabbles in countries far away from its borders its problem then force projection is not particularly high on its list of priorities , if it made it on said list at all . 
   you do n't even know . 
  macron is referring to eu defense fund and people like you think that france will use it to re-colonize africa . 
  france has tried several times to set up some `` defense fund '' ... the last time in late 2015 under hollande . 
  the goal was always to get other eu member states to pay france for expenses incurred by its foreign policy . 
  it 's not new and do n't put words into my mouth , please . 
  i never said france would recolonize africa , i said they do what they do out of their history in the region and worldview ( and economic interests as well ) . 
   i 'm not sure where you get that impression that france invade countries to `` foist not only its own specific foreign policy interests on the rest but more importantly its culture and worldview '' . 
  err , no ... france tries to transplant its worldview onto other eu member states to gain auxiliaries for its interests in africa . 
  it 's more a question of `` style '' than voicing an opinion . 
  i have had debates where this kind of `` nip & tuck '' , quoting pieces while leaving out others did n't sit well with people i was debating with . 
   i do n't know about you , but i get the feeling that we are gently being pushed into a different direction for years now . 
  the idea that `` germany has to accept more responsibility '' is being pushed in all centrist , left or right , for a long time now . 
  correct - * being pushed * is the core issue here . 
  it 's not something that comes from within , it 's being carried into german politics from without . 
  the problem is that this opens up a delta between external expectations and domestic constraints that at some point will erupt . 
  and that wo n't be pretty . 
   `` protecting your european friends '' is something rather differnet on the other hand . 
  i do n't think germans per se see our country as a defender for anyone , not even ourselves ( because we do n't feel threatened in that respect ) . 
  that pew poll on nato in 2015 and the bertelsmann poll of april 2016 speak volumes on the unwillingness of the electorate to play protector for anyone . 
  that is an aspect of the delta between external demands and internal constraints i alluded to . 
   which is why any common eu defence policy will be incredibly conservative . 
  like i said before - for french politicians `` strategic autonomy '' is paramount and any `` eu integration '' that does not enable french interests ( without limiting said strategic autonomy ) will not be tolerated or supported . 
   how recent where they ? 
  i am interested in this , because i of course base all my assumption on having a weakened nato and an increasingly unstable region surrounding europe . 
  http://www.defense.gouv.fr/content/download/407609/6180609/file/etude_irsem_n41.pdf this is probably the best comparison between germany and france in the `` worldview '' department and is dated 2015 ( so still pretty up-to-date ) . 
  it 's huge ( over 110 pages ) but i found it very interesting . 
   whether or not france values its strategic automomy so dearly becomes entirely irrelevant at the point where they realise that france , with isolated military resources alone , can not fulfil its strategic objectives . 
  autonomy is useless if you are unable to achieve your goals .
