  thanks for the laugh ... 
  it 's not corruption , it 's simple self-interest . 
  an example : when eads ( now airbus group ) and bae talked about a merger a few years back it were bavarian politicians of the csu that opposed the move publicly and harshly , because the merger would have seen eads jobs move from bavaria to france ( in the end merkel vetoed the merger precisely because of these issues ) . 
  for a national politician preserving and protecting jobs ( especially high-tech jobs like this ) in * his own electoral district * is always of much greater ( self ) interest than any `` european defense industry consolidation '' . 
  these companies provide employment for the people the politician wants as voters , they pay taxes and help keeping the local communities intact ( through their taxes ) . 
  a defense industry consolidation is going to remain a fata morgana until the protectionism of local politicians is being overcome ... but national governments have no incentive to do so , either , because they also profit from protecting domestic jobs ( and a certain amount of national independence in this area ) . 
  as such i think this is all nice and well in theory , but reality has put a few sizeable obstacles in the path . 
  the problem is that national defense companies are being pampered because of the jobs they create , the taxes they pay and the political currency that brings for national politicians . 
  they protect this because it aids * them * , a european procurement would certainly see a bunch of companies go under in the great wave of amalgamation that would follow . 
  as such politicians anywhere are n't really interested in losing that perk . 
  what a massive misinterpretation . 
  this ai n't about a return to conscription ( which would only return in case of a truly serious military threat * and * only after the bundestag voted for the `` state of tension '' article to be enacted ) but about the kind of support other ministeries would have to give to our mod in that case . 
  seriously ( as a german ) i found the hysteria about this in foreign media rather amusing but today it has already gotten to the `` annoying '' stage . 
  conscription is gone and without a ** serious ** military threat the is no way any politician in germany wil dare to even think about this . 
  it would be political suicide . 
  actually the picture is mixed . 
  the government may be able to reduce the debt load but several federal states and the majority of the muncipalities are really having to make do and are in financial troubles . 
  they have a large amount of duties they ca n't avoid ( and said load has been increased by transfering certain responsibilities from the state to the local level ) while their tax income is highly dependent on the local economy ( which apart from certain areas is often insufficient and too small to finance even the `` must haves '' ) . 
  the results are crumbling local infrastructure and closed institutions ( i.e. 
  public baths , sports facilities etc ) because the treasurers have to prioritize and some things fall through the cracks . 
   but why should we reduce our total debt in times of negative rates ? 
  for the simple reason that the demographic change is going to cause us major headaches , especially in the pension system , in the forseeable future . 
  the german population is both aging and shrinking , meaning the potential for gdp will come under pressure due to the needs of an aging society . 
  at this point we can reduce the debt load and the associated costs of servicing that debt precisely because we have a running economy and are probably as close to full employment as a modern society can get . 
  reducing the debt load now ( in favorable circumstances ) is fiscal breathing space we 're going to need in the future . 
  apart from that we ca n't defer paying down debt until all eternity and for future generations to deal with . 
  one can kick down that particular can down that particular road only for so long , but in the end the day of reckoning will come and as greece has shown that day will be supremely painful . 
  addenum : one may and should debate the priorities for the money that is being spent . 
  i for one question the viability and sensibility of many of those `` social presents '' the spd pushed through in the coalition agreement ( and even more the bs that comes from gabriel and his ilk for the coming election ) . 
  the social budget is so overblown that it could be trimmed without many problems and that money could be rerouted to infrastructure maintenance and maybe even the defense budget . 
  but those are political issues . 
  because `` europe '' is not a singular state but a collection of over 30 individual countries ? 
  i know the us press has the habit of lumping european states together under the `` europe '' moniker , but the reality is that this collection of states has vastly different outlooks , threat perceptions , political cultures and interests . 
  all of that means that you ca n't simply add up gdps and populations of european states and make deductions from that . 
  addenum : apart from that only two countries ( uk and france ) have own nuclear arsenals with which they could counter a russian nuclear threat , but both understandably regard these arsenals as strictly national affairs , not as `` european '' ones . 
  which means apart from those two no nation state in europe could seriously challenge a russian nuclear threat because the russians can up the ante at least one notch above anything the other states could provide . 
  because they do have nuclear , chemical and biological weapons at their disposal ... and that means they have the escalation dominance . 
  well , he 's certainly in deep shit now . 
  now you know how us krauts feel about `` dat nazi '' meme . 
   on a more serious note : a lot of us `` mere continentals '' look at the uk 's establishment rhetorics with considerable confusion . 
  the attitude displayed and put forth speaks of grand ambitions and as if the uk were a superpower ( one may debate what exactly are the factual differences between superpower , great power , global power or whether that 's just mincing words ) . 
  but when looking at the fundament ( an economy that is awfully focused on `` financial wizardry '' in a single place ) and a population of roundabout 60 million ( on a rather small but densely populated island with no more room to grow ) one may wonder whether these politicians are n't simply trying to bite off far more they can chew and whether the reduced military resources are not simply a reflection of reality . 
  or maybe we simply project our disinclination towards `` power politics '' and the associated `` big words '' into this . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's but a meme ( a popular one ) . 
  relax . 
  the question of quantity is not that far off , however . 
  it 's an issue of aspriations/ambitions vs resources . 
  an amount of x ships for x + n tasks will simply not suffice . 
  the article is right that any qeii deployment will tie up a serious part of the entire surface fleet ( unless the rn is content to have her sail with just a token escort ) and those ships will not be available for other tasks . 
  seen from over here in krautland the uk establishment talks as if it still were `` dat empire '' , appropriates a level of ambition that is global and rather large in scale and scope but thinks it can fulfill those ambitions with a navy that will be challenged to sustain a third of such ambitions . 
  it 's a mismatch between ( political ) rhetorics and ( military ) resources . 
  i struggle to match the article with its headline . 
  where is the `` lesson '' ? 
  all i saw were laments , laments and laments again . 
  if i may correct you - it were predominantly french banks which were on the hook for greek debt in 2008 . 
  the german banks were relatively well-off in that respect . 
  but do n't let the facts disturb your german-bashing meme . 
  bs ... this hyperinflation is a typical anglo-saxon shortcut that allows the user to avoid independent thinking . 
  germans are avid savers - and i mean risk-averse savers - which means we rely on the interest income of our ( low-risk but also low-yield ) savings . 
  and since inflation is the `` natural enemy '' of savings (  ) we dread it like the plague . 
  the often recalled meme of the 1920s hyperinflation may be an attractive option for articles to begin and then denounce german views but they have little to no relevance for today 's attitudes beyond forming a very thin slice of its fundament . 
  because those who experienced the hyperinflation back then are mostly long gone . 
  cut the hyperbole . 
  i did n't say price is irrelevant , i said we can not rely on it as primary criteria . 
  germany is not a low-price-country and ca n't compete with the likes of china or india in that respect . 
  what we have ( and need to keep up ) is quality and innovation , our only `` raw material '' ( so to speak ) is the education of our population . 
  those are the primary resources for our exports ... 
  the analysis hits a sore spot and one issue why this `` transfer union '' is so unwanted . 
  the key issue is its open-endedness and given the experiences made with german reunification ( 2.5 trillion $ transfered to the 5 eastern states and yet we stll have a gap of 15 - 25 % after 26 years ) makes this unpalatable to germans writ large . 
  we see the need for money at home and feel a lack of it . 
  as such the idea to transfer that money away is clashing with our fiscal conservatism and the impression of a lack of money at local levels . 
  i have a nice alternative here ( even though it 'll never make it into the bundestag ) : freie w\u00e4hler . 
  at least it 's not one of the usual suspects so i can actually say `` i did n't vote for them '' and i did not avoid voting , either . 
  handy . 
  german exports are n't limited to the eurozone or the eu but our products have to compete on the world market . 
  meaning we compete with the likes of india or china ... our products never competed on the price ( because we could never challenge the ability of china or india to suppress wages even more ) but that does n't mean we can simply piss away our market position with regards to the rest of the world . 
  that is a main error of those arguing for major ( in reality : hideously inflated ) wage increases in germany just to try a theory on economic balances within the eurozone . 
  because if we did that we 'd simply lose market shares to players outside europe and then we can be all equally miserable in our little insignificant europe . 
  is that really the `` harmonization '' everybody thought of - us all being equally miserable ? 
  wages are not a topic politicians can dabble in here ( unless it pertains to the employees of the federal states or the government itself ) . 
  wages are being set in negotiations between unions and employers ' associations . 
  and if i 'm not mistaken real wages have risen quite a bit over the past two or three years . 
  just do n't expect any outsized increases ... that would go against the ingrained instincts of living within one 's means ( and the experience of what happens when unions get too egotistical ) . 
   germany would hugely benefit if southern europe becomes economically successful again . 
  sorry , i simply do n't trust any `` european '' solution as the not-too-distant past has shown just what happens if they can access fiscal reserves far beyond their economical capabilities ( think social welfare presents or housing bubbles ) . 
  the problem is in the drab lab of economics such things look and sound sensible , but in the reality politicians are mostly trying to remain in power and not be `` sensible '' . 
  the results can already be seen in the coalition here at home : the spd is so busy trying to gain back favor with the voters that they promise all kinds of social presents without giving serious thought about the sustainability of their ideas . 
  the same is true for any politician anywhere ... 
   this solution will be good for europe as a whole . 
  if the output gap in europe is plugged germany will benefit . 
  no , it will benefit the usual suspects ( the 1 % ) . 
  the common man , the taxpayer , will end up with the bill but the benefits will remain the booty of the upper crust ( as usual ) . 
  which is why people here have a fine sense for the reality of this `` averaging '' nonsense ( the average between a billionaire and someone without money is still a billionaire - does n't mean that reflects reality , though ) . 
   the issue is that because your benefit would only be marginal you deny that opportunity to countries like portugal which really would benefit . 
  the issue is that we ( the ordinary germans ) would not profit in the slightest but be the ones who have to cough up the billions to be transfered . 
  all eu states have issues with social equality and the `` monetary aristocracy '' is easily avoiding paying its due through tax loopholes and tax havens while the common man is being squeezed dry . 
  you think the same would not apply to any such `` eu wide '' scheme ? 
  thanks for the laugh ...  this is why this decision needs to be made by parliament , not simply the council . 
  as i said above these decisions need to be made first and foremost on the national level .
