  only a functioning nation with a functioning civil society will stabilize anything . 
  all `` humanitarian interventions '' failed at that task - mostly because there is no civil structure underneath ... 
  i prefer not getting bogged in these messes and i 'd rather not waste precious resources and lives on such syssiphean tasks . 
   yet gadaffi was able to prevent a lot of migration to europe . 
  because he upheld the central overarching governmental structure of libya . 
   a european identity takes time to cultivate , but you can already see it emerging in younger generations , people in their 20s see themselves as more european . 
  giving up certainly wo n't speed up the process . 
  i was born in former eastern germany , probably the reason why i do n't buy the spin of the `` inevitability '' of european unification . 
  identities build themselves slowly ... and i mean over multiple generations if not centuries . 
  the eu is far far from that point and nobody should try to hothouse that development as it 's more likely that he 'll kill it in the process . 
  the euro was such an attempt at hothousing ... and look where it got us . 
  i think carrier-capable fighters need to have a much tougher inner structure making production a lot more costly . 
  things like the landing gear of a carrier-borne fighter need to be a lot tougher than for a simple land-based jet . 
  well , with erdogoon and `` the fat kid '' ( of best korea ) he 's got strong competition . 
  if one looks at the history of multinational projects distrust towards french politicians does have reasons , you know . 
  example 1 : boxer project france took part in the initial stages before they dropped out ( after extracting know-how ) to do their own thing with the vbci . 
  example 2 : after taking part in the eurofighter project france left in a huff after the other states refused to give dassault the lions ' share of the work ( and therefor france control of key parts of the entire project ) . 
  you are right that the defense industry in europe is not concentrated enough , but it should be of no surprise that other states view french attempts at gaining control of significant companies through the state share with distrust and remain unwilling to cooperate . 
  domestic jobs are always going to be more important to national politicians than any european industry consolidation . 
  the problem is that there is considerable political distrust in germany towards french political machinations with regards to such industrial mergers . 
  merkel vetoed the eads/bae merger back in 2011 because it would have cost german jobs and the resulting company would have been under considerable french ( political ) influence . 
  as long as the french state does n't give up its major shares in most of the major defense contractors ( dcns , dassault etc ) there will be a lot of skepticism in berlin over such motives . 
  there were even voices to veto the nexter/kmw merger ... and they almost prevailed . 
   the uk is simple afraid ; they know that with an eu army controlled inevitability by the germans , the ghost of the continentals invading the islands is a real possibility . 
  i suggest a psychological therapy in this case . 
  psychosis is n't a fate one needs to tamely accept , you know . 
  it 's more than that ... but the * force de frappe * is a central issue in that . 
  france does n't want to be bound to a treaty that takes away even the slightest amount of its `` strategic autonomy '' , they do n't want to be in a position to take orders from washington or brussels in military affairs . 
  it 's in the political dna of the french leadership , it 's part of their upbringing and their identity . 
  which is why they have fought so hard for the eu to become the resource provider they want - and this is also why that has failed ( because no other country wants to play that role ) . 
  addenum : other example for that distrust of the uk ( as a bridgehead for us influence in europe ) - de gaulle 's multiple refusal for the uk to join the ec in the 1960s . 
  same reason ... 
  in theory . 
  france has always been suspicious of atlanticism and american influence . 
  remember why de gaulle took france out of nato 's integrated command in the 1960s ? 
  and even the return to nato under sarkozy was and still is disputed within france ... 
  it 's essentially a cock fight between the uk and france ( with germany in the role of the clueless idiot who tags along with the latter ) . 
  the uk does n't want to lose its `` 2nd place '' in nato after the us and also does n't want to see it undermined by a intra-european institution . 
  france , on the other hand , wants exactly that - a diminishing of nato ( along with us and uk influence ) and an intra-european institution where it is top dog itself . 
  must be that i 'm a german . 
  we 're genetically incapable of having a sense of humor . 
  is he going for the role of the court jester ? 
  sounds like it ... 
  satire usually has a funny pointe . 
  this is ... no idea . 
  i do n't think there 's a word for that . 
  nobody had sunk this far , yet . 
   european countries need more ways to intervene in conflicts with cooperation in situations that sometime do not relate to defense of your territories . 
  given the experiences of afghanistan and having seen what came out of the `` interventions '' in iraq and especially libya i vividly disagree with that notion . 
  i know it 's a basic french attitude , kinda like us germans like our cars , but i simply do not see the point of intervening in any conflict that erupts in the sahel . 
  and i see even less reason to declare french interventions als `` european '' other than to browbeat other eu member states into providing support . 
  good morning . 
   do n't kid yourself , russia is a threat to freedom and democracy of the whole of europe nope , sorry . 
  russia is not the soviet union and does n't have the extensive industrial and especially logistical fundament to actually `` concquer '' all of europe . 
  it can , at worst , lay waste to europe with its nuclear arsenal . 
  what russia has done over the last few years is using every dirty trick to hang onto the remnants of its `` buffer belt '' of weak , non-aligned states in its immediate periphery to allay the pathological fears of its military elite of another invasion \u00e1 la napoleon 1812 or hitler 1941 . 
  that modern nuclear weapons and delivery systems have made such operations futile and even more stupid than they 'd been back then ... well , that is why i regard those fears in russia as psychosis ( maybe a therapy would help ) . 
  i know where the fear of russia in cee states comes from , i just do n't share it . 
  sorry , no sugarcoating from me . 
   and so is the crisis in north africa the problem with this is that european states neither have the means and resources to do nationbuilding in these areas nor do we have the staying power needed for that . 
  the experiences made in germany and japan post 1945 ca n't be used and as afghanistan has shown states without political structures that can actually capture the views of a majority would need decades of both military and civilian support , none of which would be available at the quantities needed for the time they were needed . 
  the same applies to many states in the sahel zone , partially because of their colonial roots , partially because of their ethno-religious-political makeup . 
  as libya has proven too many states are being held up only by the rule of a central government and when that weakens old feudal or tribal structures come to the light again . 
  in libya 's case that ended in special interest groups fighting for the loot , in a way mali is similar to this ( with the touareg wanting nothing to do with the malian central government ) . 
  besides the majority of african migration has nothing to do with domestic conflicts or wars , it 's mostly economic migration . 
  no `` interventionism '' is going to cure that ... unless we heavily mine the mediterranean and toss every migrant back to africa ( / s ) . 
   we have to stop thinking only as germany , italy or poland , and start thinking as europe . 
  does n't work and wo n't work for the time being . 
  sorry , again no sugarcoating from me . 
  national identities are still the largest id group people subscribe to , no `` european identity '' exists beyond some very generic and fuzzy outlines and for most folks this does n't mean any obligations , either . 
   a european military should be primarily for self-defense , but i do n't see a problem with having a volunteer expeditionary task force , to which countries can contribute troops and equipment as they wish and as is needed . 
  this could be used to help stabilize the european periphery and intervene elsewhere when needed , including in natural disasters and humanitarian crisises that will possibly increase due to climate change and other sources of instability . 
  good luck talking to france about that . 
  their eu membership has always been about `` enhancing the reach and power of france '' , not about wooly notions all too many german politicians hang onto for the sake of being politically correct . 
  they have a clear interest in gaining access to european resources to underpin their foreign policy interests in africa , but at the same time paris is not willing to give up its own strategic autonomy , it wants its cake and eat it at the same time . 
  if we look at the public mood over the demands for an `` expansive fiscal policy '' or `` automatic fiscal transfers '' i am quite convinced that the answer to your question at this point is most likely `` not now and not in the forseeable future . '', 
  if we look back at the runup to the maastricht treaty and the clear-cut german position that we 're not europe 's cash cow and then compare public attitudes during the most troubling times of the financial crisis i do n't see any change in these basic attitudes . 
  yeah , and ? 
  these deployments are the political reaction to foreign pressure . 
  but deploy military units to a real conflict that forces them to actually use their weapons ? 
  i can already see the german political scene running scared like headless chicken ... 
  hence the token deployments with roes that barely allowed for self-defence until foreign pressure became too great . 
  have you forgotten the `` caveat '' shitstorm that erupted around the afghanistan deployment ? 
  or hollande 's face ( royally pissed was n't half of it ) when merkel said in the press conference after paris last year that the bundeswehr would deploy support and recon forces against is only ? 
  i think if it came to a point when for example france * demanded * a full-blown combat mission from berlin the result would n't be pretty - neither within germany nor between france and germany . 
  politicians are aware of that and this is why they have done never more than the tiniest possible and domestically least provocative effort . 
  understandable . 
  with france being clear and open about its interests ( aka `` european resources to underpin french foreign policy interests in africa '' ) and italy also wanting it to focus on `` crisis management '' outside europe i 'm afraid you 're missing one of the core issues why all this hullaballoo will be but much ado about nothing . 
  neither will france allow other eu member states to take their precious `` strategic autonomy '' away from them nor will the cee states allow for military resources and attention being directed away from their prime worry russia . 
  and neither will be germans inclined to meekly write the checks other countries want from us . 
  i just regard the whole talk as self-delusion of a deluded wannabe-elite . 
  look , the only socially ( barely ) acceptable use for military force since 1945 is strict and no-ifs-no-buts self-defense . 
  if someone comes at ** us ** with a meat cleaver and nefarious intent we may forget out good manners , but not otherwise . 
  which is why the interventionism of the 1990s and early 2000s never had broad support here . 
  but we also do n't want to be the paymaster for the eu . 
  just like we did n't ( and still do n't ) want to pay for the social systems of the mediterranean states german society does n't want to pay for the security feeling of the baltic states or the post-colonial interests of france in africa . 
  we 're tight-fisted . 
  `` german money for german issues '' is a slogan a lot of people here would sign up to ... as such i simply do n't think an `` eu army '' is truly possible before the people of europe have developed a european identity . 
  and that is something that may never happen ... and if it happens it 's still generations if not centuries away . 
  as such ... totally unrealistic proposition imo .
