  no , sorry - you are meandering all over the place . 
  what you essentially describe is germany providing either manpower and weapons or money but little to no control over its use or non-use . 
  that kind of `` resource provider '' is what wo n't fly - if people want germany 's input they will have to accept that we have a view as well . 
  that fear of germany falling back into old habits was understandable in the 1950s and 60s , but we have the year 2017 . 
  there are n't many germans who would sign up for the current military ( and foreign adventures ) in the first place , much less for any idiotic `` powermongering '' of the military kind . 
  the best defense of the swiss has been their outsized role in banking ( or rather as gatekeepers for money of dubious origin ) . 
  well ... how about we unilaterally disarm , exit from both nato and eu defense treaties and declare `` everlasting neutrality '' ? 
  at least then nobody would have to fear a german army anymore . 
  ah , but you fail to take into consideration that post-war germany was never supposed to have `` its own defense '' but was to be tightly integrated into nato ? 
  i mean look at how the bundeswehr began - adenauer tossed it as a credit chip at the western allies for a bit more sovereignty , but famously did n't care about any details ( or even if that new creature had any combat value at all ) . 
  throughout the entire cold war strategy and the fundamentals of defense policy were decided in washington or brussels and german politicans only had to translate those terms to german and turn them into political decisions . 
  90 % of the bundeswehr ( which at the end included pretty much all the 12 mechanized divisions ) were not under national german but nato command ... essentially the army was removed from the grasp german politicians by these practical means , even though the basic law had already removed it from the political sphere as a whole ( by limiting it to the role of territorial defense and leaving the parliament no other role than to `` declare the state of defense '' if certain conditions were met ) . 
  when it mattered the bundeswehr alone had no chance to defend germany ( which is why many do n't see it as a real army , anyway ) and these days there is no perceived threat against the country which is why it is n't taken more serious , either . 
  and given this history of `` unable '' we blink in bewilderment when smaller european nations look at us and want us to `` help protect '' them . 
  former chief of german industrial association and political globetrotter ( from `` freie w\u00e4hler '' to fdp to afd and now alfa ) . 
  yup . 
  friedrich iii died at the age of 57 due to cancer ( iirc throat cancer ) . 
  keep going , mr. h\u00f6cke . 
  maybe a few more afd-would-be-voters realize just what kind of closet nazi clicque you guys are and refrain from voting for you . 
  you chauvinist idiots always manage to unmask your ugly soul all by yourselves . 
  one could argue that this view as `` white man 's burden '' is but a heritage of the colonial age and only those who dabbled in this for a longer time have caught that `` interventionist '' disease . 
  the thing is interventionism needs a bootload of resources for the political solution that must inevitably follow ( or the whole affair is pointless ) and in case you had n't noticed not even the us thinks about `` nation building '' anytime soon again . 
  there are enough people inside her own party which would kick up the mother of all stinks - remember that last bailout vote ? 
  secondly merkel us not that `` legacy focused '' as the chief * aussitzer * who sold out the d-mark purely for his own reputatuon . 
  which is why i suggest an orderly dissolution and a return to national currencies . 
  a common currency demands either a unified economic and fiscal landscap ( aka comparable economies and a similar outlook ) or massive compromises on both sides . 
  neither side is willing to make the compromises needed . 
  any politician knows - if he or his party promotes * that * he or his party are finished , political careers are over . 
  there is not enough attachment to the euro to allow for fiscal transfers - given that choice i think people here will chose `` the unknown '' of a reestablished d-mark . 
  i mean it 's not like we were ever asked whether we wanted the euro or not . 
  he can lobby as much as he wants - that 's a no-go in germany . 
  last time i checked mister macron competes for the title of the french president , not a position in germany . 
  for the common people it certainly is . 
  the government 's maneuvering room is very limited in this regard - the people want the government to deal with our own teutonic issues ( and there are enough that need to be dealt with ) and not blow money , time and manpower on stuff that is peripheral or totally uninteresting to most here . 
  i think the brits call that attitude `` splendid isolation '' . 
  you do realize you 've just contradicted yourself ? 
  leadership infers someone `` moving at the head '' ... which means he will automatically set an agenda or a chose a direction . 
  and yet other european nations are too skeptical to accept such a role for germany . 
  the result is that bs about `` domination '' or `` bullying '' ... you know what that shizophrenic attitude generates in germany ? 
  no willingness to `` lead '' and the ( somewhat justified ) impression that `` they only want us to pay '' . 
  besides that cooperation with a union of 27 + one soon to be leaving means making compromises . 
  and given the multitude of partially opposed national interests that means a compromise of a truly tiny `` smallest common denominator '' . 
  or no compromise at all . 
  for germany , however , the wilhelminian period also functions as an example of what not to do . 
  besides that , the post-war development led to a decidedly inward-looking mentality over here - and staying out of the spotlights worked for us so we feel no particular desire to move to the stage . 
  ahem ... have you forgotten the wilhelminian military carnival and the drive for `` world power '' ? 
  and nazism contained an even more drastic ideological committment to world domination . 
  thanks , i pass . 
   she 's a crooked lady and will no doubt be * reelected * come the next german election . 
  ftfy, 
  well , this `` ambition '' to be `` relevant '' got us krauts into all sorts of trouble so these days we 'd prefer to be left alone and not be asked to `` lead '' ... 
  well , the baltics may be the most exposed nato member states at the moment but at least they have a land connection to central and western europe - which ca n't be said of georgia ( whose only `` connection '' to nato territory would be through turkey and i do n't really see turkey as a nato member for much longer ) . 
  and ukraine is in no state to join , they need a good 25 - 30 years of their own citizens taking care of their own society ... 
  they started roughly equal to poland wrt gdp in the 1990s and look at the difference now . 
  edit : ultimately i do n't see any reason to incorporate either nation into nato . 
  why ? 
  because i do n't think it adds anything to nato but further problems . 
  and i am not interested in `` sticking one to russia '' , either . 
  if they leave me alone , i 'll leave them alone . 
  period . 
  that ai n't `` shit '' , that was and is common sense . 
  offering georgia and ukraine nato membership was and is about as retarded as it gets - not because russia may be pissed , but because neither is truly defensible ( georgia does n't have any strategic depth ** and ** is isolated from nato territory , ukraine is a nearly failed state with endemic corruption and nepotism , not to mention `` surrounded '' on three sides by russia or a russian ally - which makes it also indefensible ) . 
  neither would have * added * anything to nato but a whole shebang of problems . 
  the thing is merkel ( and the entire german political body ) are too craven to even debate military affairs in our own goddamned parliament and with the german citizens . 
  and then we 're supposed to take any of them serious on the `` european level '' ? 
  oh , please !, 
  nope , the only time the cdu/csu ever governed alone was under adenauer and only once . 
  germany 's political system is one of coalitions . 
  to be frank apart from britain and france ( ok , and russia ) no european country has any affinity to * great power gaming * in * backyards * . 
  most countries neither have the socio-political culture nor a history of it ( or , as in germany 's case , a history full of reasons not to do this ) . 
  imo this is the most important point in this debate - most countries see their military as a defensive institution on their own soil , not as a tool for politicians to meddle in the middle east or north africa . 
  when the political meme does n't match your own outlook then it 's difficult to muster any enthusiasm to follow the meme . 
  lol ... to translate it for all of you folks who may actually mistake the intention here 's what merkel probably really meant :  i wish i could foist this bothersome topic onto the eu [ = * someone else than me * ] so i could go back to domestically helpful topics and not be bothered by paris or washington or london wanting auxiliary services for their interventions which only cause me trouble in germany . 
   europe suffers from a weakness in overall aggregate demand . 
  fiscal and monetary policy should be expansionary to pick up the slack . 
  this means more government ( deficit ) spending and inflationary policies . 
  i vividly disagree . 
  this works only if the environment is there to actually service the debt incurred , but all too many european economies are unable to do that because social spending and state expenditures far outstripped economic capability for a long long time . 
  demanding expansionary fiscal policy is both feeding a bubble of unsustainable financial ways and a sign of unwillingness to fundamentally fix even the most glaring shortcomings of one 's own economy . 
  and unfortunately germany itself is in a similar spot here - there are a multitude of possible and even necessary reforms ( beginning with simplifying and streamlining education to a reform of the pension system ) . 
   unbelievably however germany is running a surplus ( !, 
  ) , and wants others to run surpluses as well at a time when borrowing costs are at an historical low . 
  because we think borrowing is only sensible in times when you really really have to ? 
   however , if germany would run deficits ( which some would call hypocritical , which is one , if not the , reason why germany refrains from doing so ) it could stimulate economic growth by picking up the slack of aggregate demand . 
  theoretical hopefulness confirmed . 
  economists far better educated and informed than myself have significant doubts whether such a `` spending binge '' could even budge the needle for southern european economies - not to mention that germany itself is deeply in debt and , given the looming demographic cliff , needs to prepare itself for that future . 
  you are actually asking us to gamble with our own livelihood in the future !, 
  that is why germans refuse to go down that route . 
  that is self-delusion , quite honestly . 
  the asian countries and china in the forefront have made enormous strides in closing the quality gap and build up the knowledge base . 
  all the while europe as a whole ( and this includes germany ) has twiddled its thumbs and contemplated schemes to disburse non-existant funds . 
  if germany 's exports - which are on the expensive side but often fill specific niches - become unattractive due to inflated prices the asian markets will pick up the slack so quick you 'd be deafened by the sonic boom . 
  europe is in dire straits economically because we 've been complacent , too focused on our redistribution schemes and have grown fat on unsustainable social spending models . 
   germany should be pursuing policies to drive up their wages so their exports appear less appealing in real terms to their consumer markets . 
  it would largely even be politically feasible in domestic terms , they have a lot of wiggle room to depress their growth ( considering they have so much ) . 
  i am pretty sure the chinese , koreans and other asian nations would be delighted to gobble up the market share we 'd lose . 
  sonnyboy , no nation on this earth is going to voluntarily cut the economic branch it is sitting on . 
  to think otherwise is naive . 
  superficial , simplistic , totally ignorant of the cultural underpinnings of the german state and its society . 
  the author merely looks at some political statements but utterly fails to check whether reality matches rhetorics .
