  with my british friends in uk english . 
  small stuff really , like harbour instead of harbor , trousers instead of pants . 
  i speak us english flawlessly after i warm up . 
  alcohol speeds up the process . 
  in terms of vocabulary whatever i pick up , but it 's mostly us english . 
  though through my continued exposure i 've incorporated the way they shorten sentences and their choice of words . 
  so the following sentence :  do you think he 'll get here on time ? 
  becomes :  d'you reckon he 'll get here on time ? 
  but with my us accent it probably sounds odd . 
  i kind of want a london accent , hihi . 
  marktplaats is derived from the american craigslist . 
  nothing beats the leather-like ruggedness of the barely emotive medium known as patty brard 's face . 
  shame our area ( werv ) does n't have any alternative pop venues . 
  big reason why i decided to study in utrecht . 
  though ede has just started stichting poppodium ede , fingers crossed , 
  you might edit in the name of the city as well . 
  add a link , a photo or two . 
  in student dorms or houses in the netherlands it 's quite common . 
  last year there was a girl in i believe almere or lelystad who ( probably not alone ) organized a birthday party for her 18th birthday somewhere outside with 2 or 3 dj stages . 
  so not actually a house party but definitely not in a venue either . 
  other than parties there 's also various band-oriented festivals in student cities where the performers play from their own living room or garden and people can come and visit . 
  overlords ? 
  what is this , fantasy ? 
  mars has a congressional republic . . 
  you better leave your shyness at home when you move out !, 
  and may 5th of course , national freedom day, 
  fair enough, 
  it can also backfire, 
  you can literally see all of mostar in a few hours man . 
  last year i did the entire coast of croatia . 
  towns like hvar , rovinj and rijeka i did in a few hours each . 
  stay in mostar for 2 hours or so , then go to blagaj teke and pocitelj by cab or bus . 
  more worthwhile use of your time . 
  mostar is literally just the bridge and the old town on both sides + european style buildings and shopping street on one of the sides . 
  walk through it , take pics , eat something and you 'll be done within 2 or 3 hours . 
  travelling to pocitelj and back to mostar and then from mostar to blagaj teke will take more time . 
  i assume the departing points are easily found in mostar to go see those two things . 
  might even squeeze in sarajevo if possible , the next day . 
  all the stuff i said in the first paragraph you can fit in one day . 
   so believe me , i have the upmost respect for our servicemen well , no need to mention that . 
  not to be disrespectful but we tend not to place value in stuff like that , and whether or not you have respect for the military . 
  i did n't know there was a phd for stuff like this . 
  i 'd imagine you get a job in this area by having experience in similar areas , like airplanes , drones , radio and such , not by doing specific courses . 
  try space agencies ? 
  i 'm against erdogan and such , but sanctions hurt people more than they hurt leaders . 
  lots of good people in iran and russia for example , but sanctions are fucking them over . 
  2016 and 2017 , the years of the unhinged politicians . 
  facebook.lite messenger whatsapp sync for reddit poweramp viper4android opera instagram samsung camera slack fx explorer dropbox calendar, 
  i viewed it geographically , i also consider italy , spain and portugal as southern europe . 
  if you 're near bled ( i count slovenia as south europe though ) you can go to croatia to plitvice , or bosnia to jablanica or kravice . 
  ah yes . 
  that explains . 
  i was envious of my english mates having debit cards which functioned as a credit card for online payments . 
  explains a lot . 
  my family is also from a village next to a few towns ( modrica , odzak , gradacac and doboj a bit further out ) . 
  but i do n't mean to imply that anyone here has any stake in the turkish going-ons . 
  we understand that turkey ( like russia ) just pays attention to the balkan states for their own gains , not because their governments have an innate reason to help . 
  we just watch the news and whenever he 's on , we look at erdogan 's things negatively . 
  much like with putin or trump or whoever . 
  i 'm bosnian . 
  in my family circles everyone is secular , and dislikes erdogan . 
  and trump . 
  and wilders . 
  and le pen . 
  and all those other people . 
  same shit , different brand . 
  yeah , just use a debit card . 
  nowadays also used contactless . 
  there 's i believe 20.000 of us in the netherlands . 
  forgot my source . 
  maybe it 's in the volkskrant article about bosnian ( or maybe it was yugoslavians as a whole ) succesful integration in the netherlands . 
  same thing happened in ( or one of the villages around ) the village i was born in . 
  people just run them out of town . 
  djecaci from split are awesome . 
  very electronic oriented . 
  he even wants to go by bicycle to croatia . 
  typical czech . 
  oh yeah you 're right . 
  thanks . 
  it looks lovely . 
  i took photos of in-door concerts held in various student dorms in utrecht . 
  i can upload them when i get home . 
  if anyone is curious . 
  actually , paris is pah-ree , not puh-ree . 
  here in the netherlands people just pronounce it in english . 
  i 'm bosnian and i notice whenever i 'm in the balkans that new york loses the w . it sounds like nu york . 
  in washington the sh is stronger , similar to how sean connery says the letter s. that 's because there 's no soft sh letter in the yugo alphabet , but there is a strong sh , the sean connery one . 
  so with that in mind , chicago which has the same sh sound like washington turns into a hard tsjicago . 
  like chicita or churros , but a hard ch . 
  what 's durham * dales * . 
  i 've been to durham , the name dales does n't ring a bell . 
  a gorgeous art-deco building in the middle of a wide open field . 
  i went there twice for festival grasnapolsky . 
  just . . magical . 
  that 's good . 
  how did that came to be ? 
  really only a few french and germans , and one norwegian . 
  most of the foreign non-english speaking movies i watch come from south korea and japan . 
  you 're not supposed to but no one gives a shit . 
  only cops or old ladies sometimes .
