  so why not let friesland , de achterhoek , noord-brabant and limburg each have their own governments ? 
  it 's the logical progression of society . 
  family  tribe  village  ( fortified ) town  city  state  union of states  entire planet the sci-fi tv show expanse shows a future where humans have colonized the moon , mars and several asteroids and planetoids . 
  earth and luna are governed by the united nations and mars by it 's own republic . 
  the people in the asteroid belt are governed by both but they have their own ( semi-terrorist - ) organization as well , the opa . 
  same in the game halo , where humans and all their colonies on other planets are governed by the unified earth government . 
  and i think in the blade runner and alien universe it 's not th\u00e1t unified in the sense of having a state because corporations govern the world . 
  but culturally it seems to be american/chinese , the most influental cultures which eventually fused as one . 
  that same tidbit is also in the firefly universe . 
  no one cares about heritage in europe . 
  first , second and maybe third generation ethnicity maybe a bit , but not as far back as to use the word heritage . 
  https://squattingslavs.com/2016/04/14/why-do-slavs-squat/  first of all , squatting is very old , and as most great things in life it has a very real and practical beginning , some would say sad or even tragic . 
  it all begins during the tsar era of pre-revolutionary russia where convicts ( or gopniki , as they were called ) were escorted by guards to their assigned destination . 
  they were n't easy times back then , resources were scarce for most , people were cold and angry and nobody fancied taking any unnecessary risks , they were organising the convicts in formations and made them squat-walk to where they needed to go . 
  this strategy allowed the guards to have a much better view of everyone and any possible intentions of escape or sudden violence . 
  in a way it also showed the would be inmates a minimal grade of human respect , as they did n't have to lay directly on the cold ground and get dirty anymore . 
  it 's more a russian thing than a slav thing . 
  not in the big cities . 
  one of my friends used to look like scott pilgrim 's ramona , 
   but is n't that the point . . no , some girls just like it because it looks nice . 
   . . of having hair in a ridiculous color ? 
  they do n't think it 's a ridiculous color . 
  yeah we did . 
  personally i do n't know anyone who hates black pete . 
  but none of the people i know care either way really . 
  we have the black pete discussion here in the netherlands . 
  i do n't care for either side . 
  i 'm a non-religious bosnian , most of my family is a bit . 
  they just celebrate certain days and stuff like that . 
  most of them identify as muslim but i just call myself an atheist . 
  not sure how it is in bosnia since i live in the netherlands , but i do n't think it 's gon na be an issue . 
  most of the population is already secular , and the few that are religious are less religious than the secular turks . 
  there 's a small enclave of wahabis who came over from arab countries during the war and they are watched very carefully . 
  pretty much the entire country and the islamic religious body has denounced them . 
  there 's probably the same populist pandering as there always was from the three leading political parties to croatian catholic christians , serb orthodox christians and bosnian muslims . 
  but the identity they then affirm to is more nationalistic and ethnic in spirit than religious . 
  _________ not sure how it is in the netherlands . 
  i do n't have moroccans or turks in my social circles , or any religious people for that matter . 
  i am surprised when i encounter them at jobs and start talking to them , how religious they can get . 
  praying and all that . 
  but i 've never seen any indication of radicalization , since i talk to the guys who get on with life , having a job and all that . 
  was budweiser always stocked in english supermarkets ? 
  i remember seeing them when i first went to london in 2013 . 
  here in nl you only see them in import shops . 
  i remember going to a rave in newcastle and paying 5 quid for a can of budweiser flavored water . 
  i visit outlook festival in pula annually . 
  i encounter lots of visitors from croatia and my country ( bosnia ) who are alternative and hipsterish etc. 
  to my big surprise , since i 've never seen in the rural areas in bosnia where my family lives whenever i visit them . 
  so they 're definitely there , just not as much as in western europe i guess . 
  yeah , but the lines are fading . 
  lots of people without the hipster characterics dress like them . 
  adopt the hair styles , or go to certain shops or coffeebars . 
  i live in the netherlands . 
  i study communication and media design , a relatively hipster-friendly study . 
  this is in utrecht which already has lots of them . 
  the city has tons of festivals and concerts so you see them a lot , especially around the street voorstraat . 
  used to be a rundown shit street before i started studying there but now it 's gentrified and full of hip bars and things like that . 
  just not a lot of cool graffiti . 
  seen them also in newcastle everywhere . 
  in london as well , especially in shoreditch . 
  someone here says berlin is hipster capital . 
  i 've only been there when i was a small kid , so i do n't know , but i could say that shoreditch and london as a whole could also be the hipster capital of europe . 
  i even see them in bigger cities ( and smaller towns with lots of tourists ) in bosnia and croatia . 
  in the rural area where my family there 's almost no one ` different ' aside from a few metalheads . 
  in tuzla and sarajevo there 's art shows , popup galleries , neon-haired girls and all sorts of things happening . 
  croatian coastal cities like split , dubrovnik , zadar , rijeka , rovinj and pula have them . 
  and zagreb probably too . 
  i like it . 
  in my hometown and the surrounding area everyone is so goddamn conformist and religious , it makes for a bland life ( i live in a town next to the two biggest cities in the dutch bible belt ) . 
  at least in cities with hipsters i can go to concerts or find good clothing shops . 
  what i do n't like is the food and health craze , but i think that trend did n't necessarily start with hipsters . 
  i just get annoyed with people thinking gluten this and biological that is healthier . 
  i worked with a guy on a video last summer but he angrily ceased contact with me when i told him he should n't meddle with homeopathy for his kidney problems . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  denmark exports the most sperm . 
  you mean like when you get lots of cash as a present from a birthday party for example , and you want to deposit that cash to your account ? 
  you ca n't do that ? 
  the question can also apply to nature , architecture or culture . 
  frankfurters . . ? 
  both yours and his comment were a severe letdown . 
  never used one , nor do my parents . 
  but we 're bosnians . 
  maybe the dutchies do ? 
  never seen my friends use one either, 
  cevapcici from bosnia : http://i.imgur.com/1iu3u8o.jpg kapsalon from the netherlands . 
  here 's a cross-section : http://i.imgur.com/n1uwmnm.jpg, 
   national identity is part of who you are your experiences and influences in your ( social ) environment shape you . 
  among them , cultural things from your country or geographical location within a country . 
  it 's one of many things . 
  holding that one thing in a bigger regard is unreasonable to me . 
  other things could be your taste in music or film , books you like , thinkers or politicians you like . 
   not respecting that is ** literally ditching your past behind you ** this sentiment is only of importance to people who place too much value in these things . 
  personally i do n't care for this . 
  it 's just a view to me . 
  views are views . 
  i like how i have ideas of two cultures in me , the country i grew up in , and the country my parents are from . 
  i 'm ethnically that , but that 's just blood . 
  i 'm bosnian , i grew up in the netherlands . 
  i share ideas and mannerisms of both cultures , and on top of that i have lots of varying interests , lots of which are not inherent to either bosnian or dutch culture . 
  yet all of them make up my identity , not just the fact that i was brought up in a bosnian household ( within a different country , so not ` pure ' ) .
