  flour is powdery . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
   usually because they 're second or third generation brits . 
  translation : i reckon 'cause they is second or third generation br ` its . 
  well , ugly is subjective . 
  perhaps you do n't like their make up ( i do n't either ) . 
  but genetically there 's nothing wrong with their bodies , they look normal and healthy . 
  and also , who gives a shit ? 
  i know eurovision viewers probably do but you do n't need to look good to make good music . 
  so always ? 
  measuring in tea spoons or cups is n't really imperial , but more oldtimey . 
  when unloading containers . 
  they are measured in 20 or 40 foot . 
  and when buying something with a screen like a smartphone , laptop , tv or computer screen , which are measured in inches . 
  you can stay in a hostel instead of a hotel . 
  why not choose that ? 
  with your plan , you wo n't have time to use the amenities and luxuries of a hotel anyway . 
  just stick with hostels , cheaper and more social anyway . 
   i know it will be rushed but better than nothing no , it 's not better . 
  i 'd suggest taking on half or a quarter of what you planned . 
  spend more time in one city . 
  but why are you taking a trip now and not later when you 're 18 ? 
  ( if you really insist on hotels ), 
   the ec does have a department for culture , but would they consider people with music or musicology degrees to work there ? 
  why would n't they ? 
   or should n't i bother ? 
  this is your anxiety speaking my friend . 
  try sending out emails to the adresses listed here : https://ec.europa.eu/programmes/creative-europe/contact_en, 
  well , a few places have it . 
  then there 's also the 360 photos : https://www.google.nl/maps/@51.4179206,9.651889,3a,75y,184.02h,93.43t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-q-gdsqcjoui%2fv-aumk-mx5i%2faaaaaaabv9s%2fgrlmfv90lxsgwlpqok0jehqqputvkf-3qclib!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh5.googleusercontent.com%2f-q-gdsqcjoui%2fv-aumk-mx5i%2faaaaaaabv9s%2fgrlmfv90lxsgwlpqok0jehqqputvkf-3qclib%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-0-ya192.69026-ro0-fo100%2f!7i5660!8i2830!6m1!1e1, 
  what city is that ? 
  ( do n't mention the street , i wan na try and find it myself in street view ), 
  there 's no incentive to stay , but more importantly there 's a huge reason to move . 
  for example : bosnia has good medical schools , but no jobs for doctors . 
  or , non-paid or shittily paid jobs . 
  on top of that , people who graduate move to germany to be a doctor there , and less so to other countries . 
  that 's because germany actively reaches out to sophomore students while they 're still studying in bosnia , and when they move they get the same salaries as nationalized germans . 
  go cry in the shower, 
  surely what you hear has more truth than his personal experience . 
  yes but a few of those were developed first in the us or by an american . 
  like wrigley 's chewing gum ( including orbit and hubba bubba ) , dove , milky way , m&m s , mars , maltesers and snickers . 
  surprisingly bounty , twix and kitkat are from the uk . 
  sure you do . 
  you have mars company products . 
  it 's the coca cola of chocolate . 
  i love nuts , snickers , milky way , bounty , m&m s , stuff like that . 
  mars less so . 
  other stuff is only available in import stores . 
  wow . 
  in the netherlands we only have peanuts , crispy and chocolate . 
  it 's usually ( vans ) [ http://www.letterplex.nl/wp-uploads/bestickering-bus-620x465.jpg] or mini trucks . 
  edit : the reddit markup language can go fuck itself . 
  that 's basically a truck . . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just saying i got interested in all the various cultures * there * because i was exposed to their immigrants * here * . 
  the sub is expected to host people who live in mena who answer questions between each other , but also questions posted by non-mena people . 
  similar to how americans or asians can ask questions in / r/askeurope ( it happens a lot ) and europeans in / r/askanamerican . 
  no , ask someone who lives in mena, 
  sounds like you 're not the type into alternative music . 
  never go to tivoli , ekko , effenaar , paradiso or melkweg ? 
  meh , not really . 
  i want other people to run it . 
  actually my purpose was more out of interest . 
  plenty of north africans here in the netherlands with similar and not-so similar things . 
  i enjoy the askeurope questions and figured maybe something for the mena region could be interesting too . 
  no , do n't care . 
  also , in croatia i got free stuff or admission or for a reduced price when i said i 'm bosnian . 
  what is seminoles ? 
  do you have a mirror ? 
  do you have a mirror ? 
  i do n't really remember the last time we 've had snow in the netherlands which did n't melt right away , or even a thin layer of snow which coats everything white . 
  last year it snowed maybe one day , but it did n't stay on the ground , afterwards it just looked like it had been raining . 
  this year i 've seen no snow so far . 
  subtle and dramatic are opposites . 
  i gather you mean `` slowly , but dramatically since 2000 '', 
  born in bosnia , grew up in the netherlands https://imgur.com/gallery/czhhr, 
  missing a somun , 
  now i understand where aphex got the name for ` cymru beats ', 
  c&a tried reinventing themselves , to be more like hip stores like h&m or sting to a lesser extent . 
  that kind of failed so they settled for more reasonable looking quality made clothes for a price . 
  you wo n't be very hip or fashionable like young people or fashionistas but you 'll still look good, 
  i remember a friend bought a white dress from zeeman for a theatre video she acted in . 
  she looked pretty and she had no complaints , 
  ukip was for brexit , right ? 
  then why would cities like newcastle vote for them ? 
  right wing got them in an economic rut in the first place . 
  leaving the eu wo n't do anything worthwhile . 
  the top 2000 can go suck it . 
  i 'm sick of the same music in the top charts every year . 
  yes . 
  even conan o'brien references his irishness more than his irish roots . 
  the former does n't really exist in my eyes , the latter does . 
  yeah but those are different , it 's more like a normal faucet with the water streaming down . 
  plenty of monuments and statues in the netherlands have this as well . 
  i meant specifically the ones where the water shoots up . 
  do n't know how it is in the uk but in the netherlands in the schools i never really saw them . 
  sometimes water coolers but it 's not the norm . 
  in offices they 're more prevalent . 
  their removal was related to one of thatcher 's policies ? 
  how ?
