  well , not really relevant in this thread about pedestrians . 
  i do n't have a ritual . 
  it differs from day to day . 
  plenty of smokers at concerts or raves . 
  yes , does that come as a shock ? 
  i did n't know either . 
  i discovered it after i found out a rave was held underground . 
  it 's a series of catacombs and caves basically . 
  he was serbian, 
  if they considered it unreliable than why associate it with cadillacs ? 
  i thought those were considered fancy . 
  in a djecaci song i hear them ( dalmatians ) call mercedes a mecko . 
  maybe that would suffuiweden . 
  to clarify my previous post , it was a party in a festival tent for the crew , after the festival . 
  so we were outside . 
  the party itself went well . 
  it 's just the day after being in a small living room and deciding to go outside which was the hard part . 
  . . and facebook messenger, 
  your question could have been more simplified to `` who is the most attractive european politician '' . 
  netherlands too , like 35c . 
  i remember having a drunken party one night , then the next morning walking to the supermarket with my hangover . 
  i nearly collapsed after walking 50m and decided to rest on the sidewalk for a few minutes . 
  man , that was a hot summer . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think for the commercial listener hardcore fell out of favor , and hardstyle or jumpstyle grew in popularity due do the hole left in the amount of parties and festivals catering to said listeners . 
  i 'm not sure how popular it is though , do n't take my word for it . 
  i work for a ticketing service and do all sorts of things with festivals , i generally encounter a big house and techno scene in utrecht and amsterdam , and drum & bass and other things to a lesser extent . 
  but that 's among uni/hogeschool students and/or creatives . 
  how so if his one is cheaper ? 
  hardstyle is pretty mainstream imo, 
  how does dour compare ? 
  ... that 's my point, 
  and you assume that countries using those measurements only have deep fried food . 
  he was an ass too , but that does n't mean you need to be an ass as well . 
  though he may have a grain of truth considering that pro cooks know how to make stuff without measuring it precisely . 
  those two do n't correlate . 
  do n't be an ass . 
  how is it a racist question ? 
  i too am curious how dumb wilders supporters would actually enforce a ban, 
  his question is not posed to you because you 're not a supporter of a ban . 
   and absolutely at their wits given the situation and how they handled it , would n't you say they were at the end of their wits ? 
  surely you eat certain food with your hands too ? 
  h&m and pull & bear are similar too . 
  my go-to was h&m , then v&d , then pull & bear . 
  it 's for for people who want to look high class and sophisticated even though in terms of arts and culture the furthest they get it is being invested in music talent shows on tv . 
  there 's nice clothes at zara , yes , but also lots of people who like shiney things . 
  what about media consumed in your country ? 
  most values seen in popular media is the same values practiced by north-west europe and north-america . 
  how do they communicate numbers non-verbally , or do n't they at all ? 
  i love how they envision their ships . 
  built like a skyscraper , with the engines at the bottom burning at a speed of 1g , to simulate gravity for the crew on board . 
  depends if i wan na live in it or not . 
  i like battlestar galactica ( 2004 ) for it 's great thoughtprovoking story . 
  i like the expanse for the realism of the setting . 
  though if i should live in it , i 'd choose to live on earth . 
  mars would be too hard too keep up with and the belt would be tough . 
  i always enjoyed stargate and sg-1 for the scale and endless variations of worlds . 
  without the borg , goa'uld , replicators and what have you those universes would be neat to live in . 
  when it comes to fantasy i do n't really care . 
  it would be neat to have a summer retreat in the shire , but i would never want to live in a fantasy universe with outdated rules , social and political hierarchy and gender roles and no modern medicine , products and internet . 
  do n't you know about the techno , art students , graffiti and hippies ? 
  berlin has a great arts and music scene . 
  and aside from ww2 there 's all sorts of history . 
  same in other cities . 
  howwwww can you not be interested . . 
  no big cities aside from veenendaal and ede , but those are relatively young . 
  small towns do n't get exposed to outside ideas and as such tend to conform to old concepts and ideas . 
  except when they neighbor big cities . 
  i am from one those towns . 
  people here largely do n't know about arts , culture , politics and religion aside from mainstream/commercial things . 
  you did choose a retarded photo on purpose . 
  zoomed in photos of food taken with a flash tend to make it look unappetizing . 
  i use english for the same reasons . 
  windows and all software like my browser , adobe tools , games , my smartphone . 
  i also download english subs for my shows and movies . 
  in the mouth, 
  if you want actual g\u00f3\u00f3d hiphop from nl try pete philly & perquisite . 
  good lyrics and original beats based around classical instruments played by perquisite . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3outxj4ll7u or dope d.o.d. 
  for more hardcore rap . 
  content-wise not negative or something . 
  just heavy beats ( original too , with lots of bass ) and sharp rhymes : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-zl_padvtc, 
  check out funta and janeway . 
  the beat changes in those tracks . 
  i like non-standard stuff like that . 
  bosnian here . 
  djecaci from croatia are great . 
  hiphop with an electronic edge https://youtu.be/uggrwrov0mg, 
  i was thinking you meant earth 's other natural satellites which are ocasionally considered as moons . 
  and i know mars , jupiter etc. 
  have moons too . 
  i 'm just saying the other moons are not called luna . 
  the earth 's moon generally is :  occasionally , the name `` luna '' is used . 
  in literature , especially science fiction , `` luna '' is used to distinguish it from other moons , while in poetry , the name has been used to denote personification of our moon . 
  what other moons ? 
  this moon is generally called luna . 
  any other natural satellites flying around the earth have their own names , but are n't really officially considered as moons . 
  just luna . 
  simple enough . 
  me too,
