  woops , meant * drinking * fountain . 
  think i 've seen mefjus plenty of times in utrecht and at outlook festival, 
  and fuzzy or curly hair !, 
  my theory is scorching heat and the need to carry your phone , wallet , cigarettes and maybe a bottle of water . 
  wo n't fit in your pockets , and mostly students carry backpacks , so everyone else buys these things . 
  they 're nice !, 
  i remember reading about them cause they were performing in utrecht . 
  when my niece came to visit i suggested going to their show . 
  and where are they from ? 
  also , i think 9 videos is a bit too much . 
  and where are they from ? 
  but it 's so pretty, 
  psytrance is big in israel . 
  if you 've heard of the european ozora festival . . look it up , it 's that kind of scene . 
  one of the biggest names in that world is infected mushroom from israel . 
  here 's a good video of an iranian illegal rave where the dj is playing an psytrance track by future prophecy , also from israel , who mixed in jewish folk music . 
  https://youtu.be/ulm4gj406e8 so that 's nice . 
  ( bosnia ) the anti-intellectualism in too many people . 
  every country has it , but the ratio is way bigger in bosnia and other balkan countries . 
  there is far too little interest in good music , film and theatre . 
  my parents and aunts and uncles talk seriously about american idol-tier shows like zvezde granda but generally do n't even notice when i listen to music ( or ask about the concerts i attend ) which is played by actual musicians from the balkan cities . 
  played and written in their own homes or rented studios , instead of just singing over old folky/peasant songs with questionable morals , supported by a dance beat they could n't identify as light techno . 
  all they bring to the table is reciting lyrics they did n't write over a cheap beat they did n't make . 
  i would argue that when cultural things are instant gratifiable , they find interest and appropriation in the people of the balkans . 
  if it takes more time to understand how it 's good , then people will lose interest . 
  it 's similar to distrust in scholarly things . 
  with the previous example you could argue that if you put forth a movie or a song to one of these people , and argue that renowned reviewers or people with a background in film , psychology , stories or mythology or whatever can point out certain things you might not know or notice the first time , you can find certain merit in that . 
  but because it 's not instant noticable and gratifiable , the merit is not seen as important , it just does n't register . 
  with that in mind , the ever present superstition of the deadly draught which can kill you ( do n't leave a door and window open in a balkan home ) you ca n't just shake out of people 's heads . 
  you can explain it through all sorts of methods , citing respectable articles on health , but unless it 's a doctor from the own family disputing the superstition , no one will believe it is n't real . 
  i had a moment recently where we sat with lots of family members and the subject of life and evolution came up . 
  luckily to my surprise lots of people agreed evolution was real and not something else , but then there were a few which said adam and eve came first . 
  argue against that and you get a comment `` nahhh i do n't think all them scientists know , they 're schizophrenic '' . 
  do n't know where to begin but that comment is entirely nonsensical . 
  schizophrenia is something else interely , and people who study evolution have a background with lots of years of study . 
  good luck convincing someone with tightly held beliefs that they can be wrong instead of the guy with the phd . 
  and i think that 's also a problem . 
  lots of people , especially men have too much this notion of manliness which is absolutely bull , which also means to stand your ground , which means that admitting you 're false or admitting the other guy is right . 
  people , especially men do n't do that as much . 
  where does russia border with the us ? 
  bosnia is n't very religious . 
  aside from a few old people i do n't know anyone in my family who goes to the mosque or church . 
  every time i ( bosnian ) went to the croatian coast and ran into a croat or serb and did n't speak in english they said ` ah you 're one of us !, 
  why woukd you mix it with nutella ? 
  - netherlands ( live here ) - belgium ( for a festival ) - france ( paris which was cool , and a campingsite which was neat ) - germany ( only for family visits , would like to go to hamburg or berlin ) - austria ( only driving through but always an enjoyable ride ) - slovenia ( passing through , pretty . 
  wan na see ljublana and lake bled for once ) - switzerland ( been as a child , remember the train rides through beautiful nature ) - italy ( venice , gorgeous , but overpriced and overwhelming , like a theme park ) - croatia ( seen pretty much every famous coastal city , and a festival in pula twice . 
  need to see more of zagreb ) - bosnia ( originally from there . 
  still need to see jajce , jablanica and visegrad ) - england ( seen london , durham and newcastle , all lovely places . 
  i love uk 's style old architecture and taking photos , so i wan na go back a 1000 times . 
  also great music scene ) i enjoy uk the most , but what i do there i also wan na do in places like berlin or brussel . 
  i do love the british people and how they carry themselves . 
  i 've been to croatia so many times and after seeing almost every interesting city ( aside from zagreb and the plitvice waterfalls ) i 'm not sure if it 's gon na be high on my list next summer . 
  whenever i go during the summer , things are generally nice . 
  especially in touristic places or bigger cities like tuzla or sarajevo . 
  during autumn and winter all the trees lose their leafs and the cloudy weather gives everything a gray drab vibe . 
  were you in bosnia during winter ? 
  that president of iceland . 
  or was it mayor of reykjavik ? 
  banker 's pretty decent, 
  yeah , rather uninteresting question . 
  i grew up with bosnian at home , dutch on tv , outside with friends and in school , and english from tv , games , internet and school . 
  why would you assume there are separate * bath * rooms for males and females . 
  what household would have that . 
  yes , with tomatos or tomato sauce . 
  apparently , tomatos were introduced in india in the 19th century . 
  so you could argue that part of the recipe is british . 
  i 'm just googling random answers on quora , mind you . 
  tikka masala was invented in the uk, 
  how does he pronounce it ? 
  diaspora are usually more religious . 
  they hold on to ideas from a past homeland while the homeland itself moved on . 
  lovely colours, 
  there are a few countries in europe which have some unique ones . 
  but probably also the regular one you and i know . 
  they 're all white ? 
  aside from the more recent immigrants they have large populations of indians , pakistanis , jamaicans and other groups from africa , not sure which ones . 
  what i noticed when i visited several cities in the uk , and concerts and parties is that unlike here in the netherlands , i tend to see more ethnicities mingling . 
  especially at raves here in the netherlands aside from me ( bosnian ) the only foreigners you see are people like spaniards , french , poles or germans . 
  in the uk or uk-organized festivals in croatia you see way more ethnicities , not just standard white europeans so to speak . 
  pocitelj is so neat . 
  did you live in mostar ? 
  and why did you leave ? 
  better job prospects i assume ? 
  i live in rhenen but do n't have any pics really . 
  just this one from an outdoor area in the vicinity . 
  https://www.flickr.com/photos/kerelberel/26263763392 i much prefer utrecht where i 've lived for almost 3 years as a student til last year . 
  i plan on moving back some time in the future , i consider it as a second home . 
  no you 're not, 
  what about all the other countless comments on your profile ? 
  why is pedophilia a recurring theme in your posts ? 
  whether it 's about some cartoon ( geez ) or demographics of europe , why ? 
  hey op , might be better if you check yourself in at a mental health facility , and the police station if you got fessing up to do . 
  it 's clear you 're a closet pedophile . 
  for example : https://www.reddit.com/r/sociopath/comments/5cs9od/are_you_married/ edit : just read some more of your post history . 
  i have a feeling you 're gon na be reported soon enough . 
  your post history is unnerving to say the least . 
  why the fuck do you want to know stuff like this ? 
  in another thread you 're asking about the child rape rate in italy ; https://www.reddit.com/r/italy/comments/5b64qt/just_a_question/ planning to move to europe to act on your urges ? 
  when i say i grew up in the netherlands : `` weed lol '' when i say i 'm bosnian : `` rakia lol '', 
  do n't forget rhenen and arnhem .
