  i wish the german labor laws would come `` meddle '' in the us . 
  i think it would be cool . 
  have each us ally send a unit with their equipment and such . 
  put on a nice little goodwill parade . 
  so by my calculations , you should have hipsters now . 
  i 'm so very , very sorry . 
  well , well , well . 
  now you people have stupid hilljacks , too . 
  soon you 'll be judged by the actions of the loud , stupid minority . 
  just like us . 
  i have nothing better to do . 
  for some reason i was expecting another burger ad like the one border up in scandinavia . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  rural wyoming ? 
   americana - ham , pineapple , blue cheese in america , we 'd probably call that `` weird hawaiian style . '', 
  sometimes public transit is sketchy . 
  i walked onto a septa bus in philadelphia and in the last row i saw a dude shooting heroin on one side and another masturbating , hand in his very baggy pants on the other side . 
  i sat in the front row . 
  i do n't know , that photo of the ship he posted looked pretty real . 
  yes . 
  yes i am . 
  does anyone honestly think that * he * thinks that mexico is going to pay for a soviet style iron curtain between the us and mexico ? 
  he 's just saying whatever the hell he needs to in order to get elected . 
  i do n't support the guy , but i do n't think he really supports most of that stuff . 
  he 's just a guy who is a born opportunist . 
  he 's running a brilliant campaign . 
  the man is playing the us right wing like a fiddle . 
  he knows that if he corners the crazy xenophobic voting block , the less extreme conservative voters will have their support spread out over so many candidates that he wins by default . 
  if he wins the nomination , you 'll see him shift dramatically to the left while campaigning for president . 
  he 's just trying to win at any cost . 
  it 's his lifetime m.o. 
  does the milk come in bags or something ? 
  here 's how to get a beautiful picture while in iceland . 
  drive 15 minutes or more outside of reykjavik into the countryside , pull out a camera , point the camera in any direction . 
  the entire country is like a martian landscape and it 's awesome in the truest meaning of the word . 
  google should just firewall off all of europe and force them to use bing . 
  i 'd give them 48 hours before the continent devolves into mad max . 
  you know your united states . 
  the brexit one is the best ... lol . 
  we 're the dumbasses that are willing to throw our collective money and military might at anyone that 's remotely nice to us . 
  i do n't know , as far as world empires go , we could be a lot worse . 
  i do n't know . 
  i could probably think of more . 
  they have a chuck norris grill in reykjavik . 
  where other than america would this exist ? 
  they had a bunch of shady bankers sink their economy . 
  during which , they told the world to piss off and like it . 
  just like america would . 
  and in doing such , their economy has recovered much better than the rest of europe ... just like america . 
  a higher percentage of people speak english than in america . 
  you can buy renaults and citroens in iceland , though . 
  that just completely destroys it . 
  :( also , that post above was mostly sarcasm ... just like this one ... so ... yeah ... 
  iceland is the most american european country . 
  they are just as fat as us , they love hot dogs & burgers , and you see the occasional person that has put 40 '' tires on a lifted van . 
  that 's as ` murica as a country in europe can reasonably be expected to get . 
  i 'm getting thai food , then going to a screening of the hateful eight . 
  not jewish , though . 
  so its basically a bunch of nonsense that is really an elaborate tax dodge . 
  cool . 
  icelandic scientology . 
  nice to see merkel exposed as the lying hypocrite that she is . 
  bosnia and herzegovina 's is cool . 
  i like estonia 's color scheme . 
  primary elections are spring 2016 . 
  these decide who the nominees for each party are . 
  then the general election will be fall 2016 . 
  no idea . 
  there were 5 booths for what had to be 400 people in line at the time . 
  i have no idea why we ca n't have more booths . 
  voting itself only took about 45 seconds once they had you set up . 
  i 've never seen my poll place as busy as it was today . 
  i waited in line for over an hour to cast my vote . 
  as an outsider , i got to say , this whole burkini nonsense is the weirdest controversy coming out of europe this year . 
  it 's almost as weird as our transgender bathroom nonsense . 
  i think gold = 7 , silver = 3 , bronze = 1 would be good . 
  who knows ... they might be independent and a member of the eu by then ... 
  i got $ 20,000 in cash just sitting there , waiting . 
  my etrade account is getting fed this morning . 
  buy me a piece of the pie for cheap . 
  i 'm buying up mad stock this morning . 
  sky news at some politician 's house at ... what is it over there , like 5am ... knocking on the guy 's door . 
  i thought the us media was bad . 
  xe.com is dead . 
  ha ha ha . 
  fun fact : 75 % of the canadian population live 160km or less from the southern border !, 
  welp , either way , it seems ridiculous to me . 
  that still seems very shocking to me . 
  the prevailing thought in my country is that as long as it is n't a threat of violence , you should be able to say just about anything you want . 
  that a guy went to jail for this is wacky . 
  so ... you can get arrested for thoughtcrime in the uk now ? 
  adding tacos al pastor to the union is a solid idea ... 
  i think the electoral college is a great idea if it actually worked like its supposed to . 
  in which the voters elect a representative that they think has the intelligence and wisdom to then make the best selection for president . 
  then that guy/gal and all the other wise/smart guys/gals meet in washington dc and make a choice for an executive representative without input from the general electorate . 
  i agree with socrates ... pure democracy is frightening . 
  as did the founding fathers ... which is why they put a `` stupidity of the masses '' clause into the mix , aka the electoral college . 
  that , unfortunately , has been overridden by the people making a de facto vote on the president by electing electors that are pre-promised to candidates . 
  the system is n't even working like it was designed to . 
  trump has n't passed a budget or really done anything yet that would affect jobs .
