  incompetent and corrupt . 
  how are the deaths due to coal pollution calculated ? 
  what a sexist measure . 
  does n't the us constitution prohibits states from entering a treaty or alliance ? 
  so do n't see how they can work with the eu . 
  interesting . 
  they 're comparing terror attacks to traffic accidents and cancer . 
  kinda like what the nra does when a mass shooting happens in the us . 
  i think it 's more like the future from [ demolition man ] ( https://youtu.be/9boqitinc84 ), 
   even a fucking dead gorilla , would have been able to beat that orange clown with a healthy lead  there is absolutely no conclusive evidence that this is true . 
  you 're telling me that harambe would n't have had a better chance then hillary clinton ? 
   alexander the great was from there . 
  lmao !, 
  someone 's going to get triggered . 
  i 'm curious how the eu will deal with states that do n't reduce co2 emissions or do n't reduce them enough . 
  i 'm surprised by bulgaria . 
  i presume that they are also tried as minors when they commit a crime . 
   of course they can . 
  so they can . 
   but you are the one making the claim that bbc and cnn post false stories you volunteered to explain . 
  also , i did n't make that claim . 
  i made the claim that they are `` organs of influence and propaganda '' . 
  they can present a story that is true and then spin it to push their agenda . 
   trump ca n't just call cnn and tell them to run a fake story trump probably not , but during the bush era cnn had no problem promoting the `` sadam had wmd '' narrative . 
  do explain why privately run enterprises ca n't influence and ca n't spread propaganda . 
  did he also tell trump or may that cnn and bbc are `` organs of influence and propaganda '' ? 
  just what the world needs , another warmonger . 
   at the vatican, 
  bucharest # 1 in transportation . 
  it 's a joke , right ? 
  til national socialism is far-left . 
  well , the us president thinks that the eu is a laughingstock . 
  hope the eu will prove him wrong , but i doubt it . 
  good . 
  gee , i guess now the us will have to rely on the cia/nsa to get its intel . 
   alt-right supporter i presume ? 
  the left is pushing for this amendment  fortunately a vast majority of romanians know better that 's where you 're wrong kiddo, 
  [ better version ] ( https://youtu.be/owgzdynpaso?t=31s ), 
  popcorn ready . 
  correct . 
  it 's tomorrow . 
   but many documents they post are n't verifiable i think that the governmental agency from where the documents were leaked can compare them to the originals and see if anything has been altered . 
  as for emails , they release the full emails , with header information and dkim signatures that can and have been checked . 
  it only takes once character to be different and claim that the document has been tempered with . 
  however i 'm not aware of any such incident in their 10-11 years of activity . 
   they do seem to have a political agenda yeah , like every media outlet . 
  however , unlike them , they do seem to have a perfect track record . 
  i doubt that this will influence the election in a big way . 
   with 0 credibility have they posted fake documents ? 
  from what i know all the documents they released so far were 100 % real . 
  i trust macron 's input on low corporate tax regimes . 
  it seems that he has a lot of experience in this field . 
  i 'm shocked , shocked that macron might have an account in the bahamas . 
  surely this is fake news and russian propaganda . 
  why is macron flashing a white supremacist symbol ? 
  here we go again :(, 
  it would be interesting to see such a map for africa and asia . 
  and not just white/black but also white/mongoloid and black/mongoloid . 
  not really . 
  a lot of countries from eastern europe have better unemployment stats then france for example . 
  i think it 's a combination between unemployment and purchasing power . 
  yes and erdogan does seem the type to respect international law . 
  have you thought that maybe some consider le pen the lesser of two evils and thus vote for her ? 
  yes , blame the voters , not the candidate . 
  how dare they have different preferences then you . 
  nothing about `` muh russian hackers '' ? 
  lmao !, 
  he has taken them for granted , but i do n't see that this mistake has made any significant difference . 
  unless a major event happens before the election , i doubt he 'll lose this . 
  have you read the article ? 
  while us meddling is okay . 
  i thought we did that . 
  top kek !, 
   main attack on internet freedom was regarding suicides , pedophilia , fascism and gays . 
  does n't this fall into the category of propaganda ? 
   there'a difference between freedom of press and freedom of propaganda . 
  is n't this the justification that putin and other oppressive regimes use when squashing the press , that the information they present is propaganda ? 
  oh , but it 's okay when the guy we like does it . 
  i 'm sure that freedom of the press will improve during macron 's presidency . 
  who would have though that with money you can buy women , power and influence ? 
  oh , this is reassuring . 
  the `` muh russia '' narrative did wonders for hillary during her campaign . 
  so we 're at ~ 55 % . 
  i 'm quite surprised . 
  i expected to be near turkey 's level . 
  quite an interesting move . 
  she 's going all in . 
  this poll is n't that reassuring . 
  basically le pen has to gain ~ 10 % in 2 weeks to become president . 
  * god empress . 
  better then hillary . 
  when she was secretary of state she pushed for fracking in romania . 
  barely managed to stop it after massive protests . 
  also the sub is pretty funny . 
  love the shitposts . 
  is there a problem i post on the_donald ? 
  also i do n't support le pen . 
  it is for me . 
  maybe for others as well . 
  it 's only partial results .
