  you still have rights even if you do stupid things . 
  and the eu and its member states have an obligation to ensure those rights for its citizens , even if they are outside of eu jurisdiction . 
   she has the right to a fair trial . 
  these are basic human rights that iraq ca n't guarantee, 
  she should get special treatment because she is a minor . 
  also she has the right to a fair trial . 
  these are basic human rights that iraq ca n't guarantee . 
  this is what you get when you go full socialist . 
  minor being sentenced to death is pretty fucked up , even if she is an isis terrorists . 
   hanyie is afghani and her actual birthday is n't until october . 
  however , the icelandic government intends to deport her and her father based on the dublin regulation, 
  will this insanity never end ? 
  aid groups my ass . 
  call them for what they are : human traffickers . 
  germany , yeah . 
  good . 
  they can always go back if they do n't like it in europe . 
  i did n't know the us annexed parts of iran , north korea and venezuela . 
  so what you are saying is that canceling ongoing projects with russia because they annexed crimea is out of the question . 
  interesting . 
  so at what point will canceling them would be okay ? 
  give it time . 
  ns2 is not up yet . 
  then it will affect ee . 
  stopped reading after `` according to the friend of a '', 
  and of course they are n't sent back to libya . 
  if by `` we '' you mean germany , then yeah . 
  lmao !!!, 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  yeah , like that 's gon na happen . 
  now quit complaining and take more migrants . 
  so no more mandatory migrant quotas ? 
  putin only annexed crimea and stated a civil war in a neighboring country . 
  do n't need to hurt the eu 's energy security over small things like this . 
  poe 's law in full effect . 
  if you implement mandatory burkinis at the swimming pool you wo n't have this problem . 
  lmao @ the mri one . 
  they also invited a mufti to bless it . 
  lmao @ that big crack in the eu container . 
  i 'm surprised it 's this low in romania . 
   eastern europe would stop buying russian that 's the goal mate . 
  takes time and money unfortunately . 
  at least the us is supporting this . 
  wtf !, 
  we are ? 
  it will collapse . 
  interesting claim . 
  you have a source for that ? 
  the cia not wanting putin as president is a conspiracy theory ? 
  lol @ the downvotes you 're getting for merely stating a fact . 
  the mafia gets slave labor so why would the mayor want to stop this ? 
   censors have no sense of humor i 'm shocked . 
  i know . 
  it 's the same problem we have in romania . 
  psd has a lot of support , the opposition is toothless . 
  this is what prompted them to pass legislation that decriminalized corruption . 
  eu ca n't / wo n't do anything about it . 
  only option was mass protests . 
  actually it is . 
  by not doing anything about orban , the polish government has no problem passing this legislation because it now knows that the eu will do nothing . 
  an eu with member states that have no democratic values and rule of law is a dead eu and it will eventually lead to it 's collapse . 
  not much we can do mate . 
  you guys elected them , you guys take them down . 
  if the eu will do anything , it will be to trigger article 7 , but i doubt it . 
  will the eu do anything about this ? 
  if it does n't then the eu project is dead . 
  this is the beginning of the end for the eu, 
  so you want other member states to leave the eu . 
  interesting . 
  it 's already withering and dieing . 
  interesting video from paul joseph watson in the article . 
  i 'm surprised that it was allowed on / r/europe, 
  nice painting, 
  that less the 1 % is wrong . 
  the ruling party psd won the elections ( 49 % in parliament ) by having a nationalistic and anti-eu campaign . 
  what about the paris agreement ? 
  why are they encouraging fossil fuel extractions ? 
   in two years , after she falls in love with an iraqi , she 'll apologise and say it was all meant for fun . 
  interesting fantasy you have there . 
   the woman who made this video is alt-right . 
  lauren southern is a man . 
  thanks, 
  the article is behind a paywall :(, 
  should use `` comrade '' . 
  it 's inclusive , friendly and gender neutral . 
  for romania the picture is outdated . 
  [ this is the current prime minister ] ( https://www.ziarulincomod.ro/file/2017/06/mihai-tudose-696x398.jpg ), 
   romania is almost bankrupt it is ? 
  poor choice for romania . 
  doubt it will trigger somebody . 
  so that 's why they tasted like lasagna . 
  with what did they replace the missing meat content ? 
  the name comes from basarab i , a king of wallachia . 
  why is china considered a fried ? 
   in a few years time eu-russia relations will be fully normalized anyway will russia pull out its troops from ukraine and give back crimea ? 
  if not , then i do n't see why they should be normalized . 
   we should n't let this russian trojan horse into the eu . 
  no need for russian trojan horses . 
  the migrants from africa and middle east are doing a better job . 
  http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/europe/ro-navy-equipment.htm it 's not much .
