  but it 's something . 
  so it has begun ... 
  i do n't think it 's only because of security reasons . 
  it 's also men being drafted in the army or fleeing the country instead of working the fields , water being rationed and not being used for irrigation . 
  i assume that agriculture is not one of assad 's or syrian government 's top priorities at the moment . 
   for the past decade syria has been experiencing a drought and farming is becoming a much harder and less profitable job . 
  is n't this mainly because of the civil war ? 
   ` ss marriages ' lmao !!, 
   the lowest ten hdis were found in two bulgarian and three romanian nuts 2 regions and five congressional districts in mississippi , kentucky , louisiana , georgia and michigan ( detroit ) i wonder if teleorman is mississippi or detroit ? 
  good, 
  the inventor of shish kebab . 
  then pardoned by iliescu in 2004, 
  hope it 's true . 
  it 's not real . 
  it 's from a movie, 
  currently on trial for crimes against humanity . 
  edit : typo . 
  i am a man who walks alone and when i 'm walking a dark road at night or strolling through the park when the light begins to change i sometimes feel a little strange a little anxious when it 's dark fear of the dark , fear of the dark i have constant fear that something 's always near fear of the dark , fear of the dark i have a phobia that someone 's always there, 
  shhhh . . that 's our tactic . 
  are these people facing imprisonment or worse if they refuse to go ? 
  if not , then they are n't using communist party tactics . 
  this is insane . 
  romania 4 % ? 
  i do n't think that 's right . 
  i think it 's lower . 
  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  yes it is . 
  why is it so strange ? 
  people from all over the world are posting on / r/the _ donald, 
  i too would n't call someone a friend after they have been caught spying on my conversations . 
  trump has no easy task in mending the relations after obama 's screw-up . 
  i think it might be wise to prepare for a second term . 
  is it just me , or the map of romania is n't quite right ? 
  it 's about having secured external borders . 
  corruptions jeopardizes this . 
  the fact that it happened at the border with hungary is irrelevant . 
  was only an example . 
  stuff like this also happens at the border with ukraine and moldova . 
  the cmv acknowledges that we 've made progress in fighting corruption but it also notes that we still have a lot to do . 
  also the last report showed a concern over the attempts of the government and parliament in passing laws that will decriminalize corruption . 
  we 've met the technical requirements . 
  however , the personnel is very corrupt unfortunately . 
  i do n't think this is a good idea , not until we fix our corruption problem . 
  that 's not saying much . 
  anybody would be better then bush and obama . 
  well , almost anybody . 
  hillary would have been worse . 
  so there 's no more war in syria ? 
  i see . 
  thanks . 
  do n't understand the supermarket analogy . 
  at a supermarket you take what you want/need and pay for it . 
  i fail to see the bad part . 
  yup . 
  kinda like when enough circumstantial evidence piles on an they make a ruling based solely on that . 
  and once in a while they find out that they convicted someone innocent . 
   the eu 's highest court said that if the development of a disease is timely to the person 's receiving a vaccine , if the person was previously health with a lack of history of the disease in their family and if a significant number of disease cases are reported among people receiving a certain vaccine , this may serve as enough proof . 
  theoretically he should n't have a problem with the referendum if it came to that . 
  there will also be massive protests if they impeach him . 
  but like i explained in a previous post , the idea of impeaching him is to temporarily remove him from office so that dragnea can appoint a new puppet prime minister . 
  they do n't expect the referendum to pass . 
  yes . 
  but the idea behind the impeachment is to temporarily remove the president from office so that the senate president can take his place and approve drangea 's new prime minister . 
  same way they did for the government . 
  by majority vote in parliament . 
  then a referendum is held and people will vote for or against this impeachment . 
  the shitshow is not over . 
  now the president can trigger new elections or dragnea will impeach the president to prevent him from triggering the new elections . 
  either way there will be a popcorn shortage in romania for the next 2-3 months . 
  are those demonstrations organized by cnn ? 
  hopefully it will not be approved by the member states ' governments . 
  making a vague document like the paris agreement legally binding is not a good idea . 
  the meps come from the same communist legacy parties . 
  very good point . 
  i wish that communism and the crimes committed by communists would be treated the same way as those committed by nazis and fascists . 
  obama needs to be on that list too . 
  syria and libya are his doing . 
  maybe it 's just a draft and she 's adding comments , marking mistakes , maybe underlines something . 
  not that good of a meme . 
  wait , lord buckethead was may all along ? 
  what , no country mccountry face ? 
  good . 
  about time . 
  are there any name options that they 've proposed ? 
  it 's not sarcasm . 
  i think the last report showed that all the eu economies were doing better then previous years . 
   economically things are starting to arrange themselves imo . 
  yes . 
  that seems to be the case . 
  anti-eu feelings rose because of the economic situation , immigration and terrorism . 
  if these are not addressed and fixed , then i do n't see it going away . 
  you do realize that if macron fails they 'll come back ? 
  free speech is dead . 
  lmao !, 
  ignoring the prime directive was what caused that culture to re-embrace theism in the first place . 
  what about the prime directive that forbids interactions with primitive cultures ? 
  there 's no need for the crescent moon and star . 
  the hijab 's enough . 
  i see that snp lost ~ 20 seats . 
  does this mean that a scottish independence referendum is out of the question ?
