from what i know , this increase was supposed to happen about 2 years ago , but for various reasons it was postponed . 
  also a lot of equipment purchases were delayed because of this . 
  so idk , i 'm hopeful . 
  in my opinion this is the least of our problems regarding budget spending . 
  the economic policies of psd are shit . 
  add to that the decriminalization of corruption and we 'll soon be in big trouble . 
  however , i kinda understand the need of this increase in defense spending . 
  a lot of our military 's equipment is old and need replacing . 
  not to mention trump 's warning about nato members military budget . 
  what will happen if m\u00e9lenchon manages to push macron out ? 
  are there polls for m\u00e9lenchon vs le pen in the second round ? 
  hmmmm , this pattern looks familiar . 
  what 's next , `` le pen has only 2 % chance of winning the election '' articles ? 
  i think it is related to the 1989 revolution . 
  there were claims of terrorist activities in bucharest . 
   i doubt it 'll get much worse than the last floor of a commie block of flats ( which is under a tarred i.e. 
  black roof ) . 
  this . 
  in the summer time it 's like a sauna in one of these flats . 
   you did not have to downvote me to state a contrary opinion . 
  i still do not believe it 's over 90 % . 
  i did not downvote . 
  you can believe what you want . 
   also , what is this you 're talking about ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  i do n't remember that , i just remembered a dude fought to make religion optional in school . 
  source ( in romanian ) for the 93 % i mentioned : http://www.mediafax.ro/social/analiza-cum-au-optat-romanii-pentru-ora-de-religie-vaslui-si-galati-judetele-cu-numar-record-de-elevi-care-vor-in-continuare-disciplina-in-scoli-13959982 yes , religion is now an optional class , and like i said , about 93 % of parents registered their kids for that class . 
  i think it 's an important indicator of how romanians think about god and religion . 
  that 's why i think that the map seems accurate in regards to romania . 
   and you think the church for example gathered 3 million signatures legally ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i think it 's about right . 
  i remember that 2 years ago about 93 % of parents chose to have their kids attend religion class in school . 
  what 's the problem with this solution ? 
  lmao !, 
  no , they did n't go to jail . 
  there were n't even prosecuted . 
  yeah , not as reliable as a rumor , but it 's the best we got for the moment , 
  realistically speaking our politicians will spend that money on booze and hookers and sell the nuclear weapons to buy even more booze and hookers . 
  poland : `` donald is not my president . '', 
  it 's the same bill and it has been rejected . 
  is that the kremlin in the background ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
   this is why i think le pen has no chance of winning the upcoming election . 
  same thing was said about trump . 
  yes , the election process is different , but the movement that they represent is the same . 
  i think it 's really important that people go out and vote . 
  if not , they might be in for a shock . 
  two-tier mode :  all animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others . 
  yes , give combat training to migrants . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  how do you use the 3 seashells ? 
   reduce eu legislation , 2 destroyed for every passed kek, 
  lmao !, 
  needed to check the date of the article . 
  i thought it was from 2013 . 
   no , she will lose against anyone . 
  there is no way she get 50 % of the voices i 've read similar statements regarding brexit and trump . 
  hope you 're right . 
  yeah , but how many can actually hold a conversation in at least one of the languages they studied ? 
   comparing their crime statistics to before and after mass immigration would be interesting to see such a statistic . 
   social security , healthcare , education , police not just shooting people who obviously suffer mental issues away with your communist propaganda . 
  chicago clearly needs guns . 
  that will solve the problem . 
  there 's a special rung in hell reserved for people who put pineapple on pizza . 
   the controversy was by now big enough to `` deserve its own -- gate suffix , '' the magazine said . 
  hmm ... 
  i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  might be misinterpreted . 
   perhaps less important to world politics i do n't know about that . 
  russia is loosing another buffer state . 
  we 've seen what happened in ukraine . 
  hope it wo n't result in another war . 
  that flag from the beginning of the video ... yeah ... 
  no 3am tweet from the god emperor about this . 
  we 're not mississippi , this is quite a surprise . 
  part and parcel . 
   an incursion by a large number of people or things into a place or sphere of activity . 
   an unwelcome intrusion into another 's domain . 
  most boats disembark at a port . 
  that looks like an invasion . 
  lmao !, 
  i must 've commented on the wrong article . 
  about time this happened . 
  hope it 's not too late . 
  are they coming from eu countries ? 
  or from non-eu balkan countries , russia , ukraine , etc. . 
  i do n't understand why this push for stricter gun control in the eu ? 
  i was n't aware there was a gun problem . 
  bad idea . 
  wait , so now soldiers are ensuring public safety in paris ? 
   iraq is a sovereign country if they want to give her back they will but if they do n't they wo n't . 
  has the eu or germany even asked ? 
   pending that she has the rights guaranteed to her by iraqi laws and nothing more i am sorry . 
  as an un members iraq has the obligation to ensure human rights . 
  if they do n't then they are liable to sanctions . 
   it is time to stop this european arrogance according to which european people somehow deserve a special status even when outside of eu . 
  it 's about basic human rights . 
  her being european means that the eu or germany might actually give a damn about those rights . 
  iraq does n't seem to .
