  greece never had a truly booming economy . 
  their economy was based on loaning large amounts of money and paying these loans back with more and more loans , resulting in an escalating amount of debt with interest rates that would ulltimately become unpayable . 
  that economy was always going to collapse , the crisis of '08 merely made it happen sooner . 
  the core issue here is that theres no mere stimulus that does not involve other eu members actively donating money to greece through one way or another that is strong enough to actually allow greece to pay back its debt and get their economy back on their feet . 
  as such , a different solution has to be found . 
  greece has noone to blame for their own problems but themselves . 
  the fundamental issue is that greece ended up loaning significantly too much money , which is a clear mismanagement . 
  that part is only on greece . 
  the reason they could do that is that we have a monetary union without having a fiscal union , allowing euro countries to loan at a significantly lower interest rate than they would be able to ourside of the euro , which is why that part is at the heart of the problem with the euro itself . 
  that doesnt mean that greece was somehow forced to make financially irresponsible decisions , that part is only on them . 
   what do you mean by more ? 
  you do n't seem to grasp the situation in greece right now . 
  there is no more . 
  that 's why syriza was elected . 
  25 % unemployment , 40 % of populace below poverty line , salaries taking a 30-45 % dive but price of goods remain the same , what more ? 
  increase unemployment ? 
  how 's greece going to make money for the payments ? 
  decrease salaries ? 
  how are greek people going to buy food and medicines ? 
  do you see lidl or any other exporter rushing to drop prices on their primary goods in greece ? 
  further cuts in social spending combined with more unemployment due to cuts in the public sector are going to be inevitable in the long run . 
  in addition , the effective income for a lot of greeks will find itself taking a further nosedive due to stricter tax collection . 
   how exactly are you sure that it has no legal value ? 
  are you expert in international law and have examined the greek documents ? 
  up until they actually put those documents under examination by experts , no one can tell , not me , not you . 
  then i suggest you educate yourself on the results of the ruling back when italy basically tried to do the same thing . 
  i can know because theres an established precedent that is legally binding . 
   and what donations are you talking about ? 
  who 's giving greece free money ? 
  30 billion loan over 5 years netted a healthy 2billion profit , i would n't call that a donation . 
  no one is giving `` free money '' . 
  the greek government is asking for `` debt restructuring '' , which is a fancy way of saying `` debt erasure '' , which in turn is effectively a donation . 
   there is n't a single economist that says it 's doable . 
  i mean , your country , the epitome of austerity , with the lowest unemployment in eu , in a top economic shape and with excellent efficiency , reached a 3 % surplus once from 1995 . 
  you expect a country with 25 % unemployment to sustain itself for that long a period of time with 4.5 % ? 
  let 's be reasonable now ... no , there is not a single economist ( at least from what ive seen ) that advises it as a policy for a country that doesnt need it . 
  as it happens , greece does need it . 
  the issue is that the human cost of such measures is likely significantly too high , which is why a default is simply a better option . 
   greece has failed ? 
  well oecd has something to say about it . 
  if anything greece was the most responsive to the `` parameters '' . 
  so greece was pretty much on target with the `` programme '' or the `` parameters '' if you want it to be called that way . 
  who was n't and admitted that much themselves ? 
  no , they werent . 
  greece is simply disproportionately screwed , which is the heart of the issue . 
  that doesnt mean that theyve done a good job of actually implementing the necessary reforms ( such as : deal with public sector corruption and tax evasion ) to even have a chance of fixing their problem . 
   come now with the silly similes . 
  germany was given a similar benefit 60-70 years ago and it worked pretty great , did n't it ? 
  why not allow the same treatment for greece ? 
  the problem is that greece has too much debt which is ultimately crippling . 
  you cant really give leeway from that unless you make the debt disappear , which is ultimately not beneficial to the creditors . 
   come now with the silly similes . 
  germany was given a similar benefit 60-70 years ago and it worked pretty great , did n't it ? 
  why not allow the same treatment for greece ? 
  no , it wasnt . 
  germany was controlled by the allied forces for a significant amount of time , with the allied forces basically being able to pull the plug on the german government for a while afterwards if need be . 
  nobody gave germany a bunch of money and told them to just do what they thought was best with it . 
  if we got to an agreement that , for example , greece gave over control of their government to the eu until the crisis is deemed resolved the situation would be comparable , but as it is it currently is not . 
   it 's like you 're implying greece does n't want to evolve , be stronger economically and would be complacent and dormant if bonds like these were to happen . 
  greece is still a democracy , and regardless of how this thing goes , actual meaningful change that gets greece to becoming a country capable of actually sustaining itself is going to mean a lot of hardships for the population , more than there are now . 
  its not unreasonable to believe that the greek people might not be willing to do that . 
   though arguably it would have been better to default right there and then , you 'll have to understand we 're talking about a country . 
  not a person . 
  and if defaulting meant going against the will of the people which was overwhelmingly pro-european , then it 's not much of a choice , is it ? 
  then the people need to live with the consequences of their choices . 
  i believe it would have been better to default , at least for greece themselves , but that is their decision to make . 
   so , i 'm asking again : why do you care ? 
  because the claim has no legal value , and greecce knows it . 
  otherwise they would have taken it to court . 
  the issue is that you dont throw what you know to be a bogus claim into someones face while also effectively asking for donations . 
  greece is ultimately reliant on goodwill from other nations , and theyre doing a stunning job at pissing it away . 
   do you understand what that `` help '' entailed ? 
  name me one country in the world that can sustain a 4.5 % primary surplus and not be crippled for decades . 
  not germany , not uk , not the us . 
  there is no country in the world , apart from maybe tolkien 's hobbits in the middle earth and in the great minds of people running the institutions . 
  im pretty confident they could , its not an impossible thing to do like you make it seem . 
  the reason they dont is because its much more reasonable not to do so , so long as you can afford it . 
  greece cant afford it though , because they simply have too much debt , so their total deficit is too high if they dont manage to run a pretty high primary surplus . 
   for 5 years greece followed the program , it failed . 
  time for a new approach . 
  give the greek govt a chance - though personally i have very low hopes - and some leeway . 
  greece hasnt `` followed a program '' . 
  greece has been given parameters they would be required to meet in order to receive financial help . 
  greece has failed and keeps failing to meet them . 
  that doesnt automatically mean that the standards are `` unrealistic '' , considering that greece has not managed to actually nail down its tax evasion problem in that timeframe , for example . 
  not much for the rest of europe . 
  if greece goes full nazi for whatever reason and start putting people into camps we can put a stop to it rather easily , and them siding with russia isnt going to really harm us either . 
  for greece ? 
  a lot , but thats their responsibility , and not a european concern . 
  its the job of the greek people to not vote for nazis and to ensure that they have a responsible foreign policy and pick allies that are in their best interests . 
  i think its actually really harmful , if anything . 
  people generally dont like exposing themselves to hostility , so they probably wont . 
  the same goes for russians . 
  if youre constantly hostile towards them then they simply wont go visit other countries or even post on forums anymore . 
  as such , the only source of information they end up getting is putins media , meaning that putin can in turn get away with more and more nonsense . 
  frankly , its not that people have a problem with putin . 
  that part is totally justified . 
  but the downright racist attitude that people have started to take when it comes to russia or russians . 
  heck , on this very board even trying to have a discussion that doesnt involve praising the ukraine as the next paragon of freedom and democracy appearantly makes you a russian trollshillbot and basically worse than hitler . 
  shit like that does nothing but alienate people and further harden the fronts , it allows putin to get away with shit he never should be able to because those that would oppose him end up getting too tired of the hate to bother educating themselves .
