  they could have just stuck with their deadlines and gotten basically the same deal they ended up getting . 
  protecting a sea border is difficult though . 
  stannis ca n't secure the tyrell alliance , and they 're the strongest house arround . 
  without them winning would be much more difficult and could lead to a much more brutal war , and that 's presuming they stay neutral ( which they did n't ) . 
  with renly you 've got an easily winnable war and a guy that would make for a passable monarch . 
  the civil war ends swiftly , suffering is contained , peace can be restored and robert and ned 's murderers can be brought to justice . 
  he can be a prick all he wants , as far as the good of the realm is concerned he 's clearly the better option . 
  he went there to get the north on his side to take the throne . 
  he had no truly selfish option left as he lacked the forces to beat the lannister/tyrell forces in direct combat . 
  the best selfless option he had was probably to support renly as renly actually had the means required to secure the tyrell alliance and handily win the war , but we all saw how that one went . 
  eh , not sure if show stannis is all that different . 
  he saw a path to victory , did n't see any alternatives and hence decided to take it . 
  in reality he should 've just ran away into exile after the whole blackwater thing , but he 's too ambitious for that . 
  yearp . 
  the problem is that we need to avoid importing the very mindset they 're running away from in the process . 
  i do n't object to taking in millions of refugees , so long as these millions would n't be safe in their refugee communities in the first place while also making said communities less safe for others . 
  speak for yourself , i 'm off to make the holy roman empire great again . 
  being welcoming is different from having to take time out of your day to help them integrate , which is what / u/grumpyfinn is talking about . 
  also , immigration is only really a two way street as far as not telling someone that they can come by and then slamming the door when they do goes . 
  everything before that is certainly helpful and generally advantageous but immigration is ultimately a choice people make voluntarily and are as such responsible for themselves . 
  if you 're not willing or capable of integrating into a society that does n't really provide any particular support in helping you integrate do n't move to a country that fails to provide such programs . 
   i firmly believe , however , that people who pirate do it because a ) they do n't have the money to buy or b ) they do n't want to buy the content . 
  i could put forth my own anecdotal evidence to counter that , but that feels rather pointless . 
  but frankly , do you truly believe that there 's nobody out there that simply prefers something being free over having to pay for it and will hence pirate instead of purchase , even though they had purchased if piracy was n't available . 
  that just seems incredibly naive . 
  i initially thought that far right parties doing well but not getting any government positions in one election could be a good thing , kind of like serving as a reminder to the established parties and politicians to get their heads out of their arses . 
  oh boy was i wrong , it 's like their default reaction is to just keep burying their heads more and more . 
  i really do n't see this ending well , i 'm pretty sure we 're gon na end up with a consistent far right influence in our various parliaments . 
  i really do n't get what the fuck politicians are thinking whenever they pull this kind of shit . 
  it 's like they want to create a new , strong far right by constantly shoving people into the same camp as the current far right and then acting shocked when more and more people end up holding radicalized views . 
  probably some combination of concentration camps and attempts at border expansion ? 
  no offense but we 're not gon na go do much of anything because the general population of another country decided to elect an asshole that is now consolidating power and preparing to screw his own population . 
  a democracy falling apart is not sufficient justification for intervention . 
  i 'm not actually sure about that though it does make sense , i 'd still rather like to see some actual research behind it . 
  either way however , there is a point to be made about the law being consistent . 
  you ca n't just assume that somebody 's rehabilitation will or will not work based on their background , a judge has to decide that in court . 
  and of course a defense lawyers job in this situation is to act as if , really , their client is already regretful and that there 's no need for any genuine punitive measures as far as their rehabilitation is concerned and that their client will be an upstanding member of society from now on . 
  that 's basically the problem with a legal system that is focused on rehabilitation rather than `` justice '' . 
  there is no denying that it is the right move pragmatically speaking but by god does it feel enraging when people get off super lightly as a result . 
  of what actual rights were people stripped ? 
  what rights did people vote to strip away ? 
  last i checked the question they were asked was whether their country should remain in the eu . 
  and people usually do n't get to vote to strip people of any rights which is why they tend to not get to make bad decisions on the subject . 
  because being educated and being a good person are two different things , and if you restrict voting rights to all but a certain group of people then you need to make sure that said group is willing to focus on everybody and their interests rather than just their own . 
  there 's a difference between `` blaming '' , as in implying fault , which is obviously perfectly accurate and reducing people to a single decision or series thereof . 
  and yeah , it happens all the time . 
  you have some subset of the population make a bad or even terrible decision when voting every time they get to vote and sometimes they even exceed 50 % . 
  and yeah , those decisions are completely retarded . 
  but even smart people can make retarded choices and making assumptions about the entirety of a person based on one choice simply does n't work . 
  and people tend to still not make the best decisions when voting , we see that with some subset of the population in every election . 
  and yeah , sometimes that happens with more than half of the voters , currently the case in , oh , idk , greece . 
  just as an example . 
  that does n't make these voters stupid or even evil , wrong or disgusting , it simply means they made a wrong choice . 
  happens all the time and is certainly not deserving of such hateful language . 
  truly a race to the bottom . 
  and reaaaaally bad for my health . 
  i would n't call it collective punishment , necessarily , more like caution . 
  i reckon that the whole booing during paris thing is still on the minds of quite a few people , and the em is being held in france of all places . 
  i 'd wager there 's a good risk of some very loud booing in a misguided attempt at `` retaliation '' and i reckon the uefa just wants to avoid the bad blood and horrible press this would lead to . 
  why ? 
  they 're just stating facts . 
  there 's no way for scotland to not leave the eu . 
  there is however a way to leave it and come right back by seceding from the uk and reapplying for membership . 
  but they 're still gon na have to leave for a bit regardless . 
  this kills the normandy . 
  well , either part of the eu or integrated into our market . 
  the uk could still do the latter even when leaving the eu itself , but they kinda have to hurry up . 
  every market was gon na go down from this . 
  investors had largely ended up betting on the opposite thing happening , after all , not to mention the shocked reaction the market will always show to monumental decisions such as this one . 
  that said , the difference is that all the other markets will recover quickly . 
  the uk however will continue to experience businesses and particularly the financial industry slowly looking for alternatives as the possibility of a very unfavorable brexit deal and the uk economy heading for the gutter as a result looms over their heads and they try to carve out a niche for themselves away from that risk . 
  not really . 
  uncertainty hits them harder than us . 
  the longer they wait the worse their situation becomes , whereas the situation in the eu will not deteriorate at a nearly similar rate . 
  and the more their economy suffers from their time wasting the less our economy would be affected by them leaving without any agreement , meaning that their bargaining power is essentially rotting away with time . 
  `` if you leave you get a much more shitty deal than you had before '' does n't seem like a bad precedent to set . 
  i mean , particularly for the uk it 's basically being an eu member but not getting to vote and likely not getting to have their previous opt-outs . 
  to be fair the article is about trade relations with china rather than with the eu itself . 
  i reckon the latter could be done more quickly , though a norway style deal without `` commitments '' is still not at all realistic . 
  that said , at least there 's precedence for deals between the eu and other european countries so if needs must some kind of deal that allows for single market access should be something that can be finalized rather quickly so long as the uk accepts conditions set by the eu . 
   do you expect brussels - or individual eu member states - to give the uk a ` good deal ' after all this ? 
  yes . 
  i 'd be more worried about the uk not accepting one all things considered , given that stuff like free movement of labor would be a requirement for a good deal , but the eu is definitely gon na offer . 
   glad i 'm not the only one who finds his videos utterly unwatchable . 
  he 's basically a televangelist for leftists . 
  he 's not there to change people 's minds . 
  he just makes people who already share opinion with him feel good about themselves . 
  i mean , you 've just summed daily show style `` comedy '' . 
  it 's just the style of the format , oliver is hardly the only one that does it . 
  a truckload of factors , ranging from internal ones like mental illness or social isolation to external ones such active recruitment or a culture encouraging political violence and so on . 
  that 's kind of the problem , the human psyche is complicated and there 's a lot of things that can cause an individual to do what that person did . 
  which is why being specific does matter , otherwise you just end up talking in circles forever as every single factor that may or may not have played into it is analyzed . 
  then russia escalates , we go as far as we 're willing to go on sanctions and the ukraine is fucked . 
  the last part happens either way in case of escalation . 
  our tools against russian escalation are sanctions and thus the threat of further wrecking the russian economy . 
  arming the ukraine does n't really help us there while also presenting a significant risk of escalation which we do n't want . 
  the title that made it clear that he had a political opinion and decided to commit violence in its name ? 
  people having political opinions and radicalizing to the point of becoming violent is a fairly well established occurrence , particularly when paired with mental illness . 
  that does n't answer the question though : what underlying issues do you want to address ? 
  what underlying issues though ?
