  what would you say are the things that led to this that should be addressed ? 
  try decades . 
  we 're basically stuck with the center right until our extremists start disappearing , and we 're somehow getting more of the buggers , not less : / . 
  that 's not a good idea . 
  russia will view this as a threat and ramp up their forces as a result , and that 's without the ukrainian government getting any ideas about using those weapons to retake territory . 
  this is a game that the ukrainians are not going to win but that may very well escalate the conflict into a full blown war , which would be disastrous for the ukraine , expensive for us and overall counterproductive for all parties involved . 
  the name of the game here has to be deescalation , and arming people would be doing the opposite . 
  while true , that would also imply that both the iraq and syria would still be unstable af shitholes by the time that turkey got to join ( if that ever happens ... ) . 
  in addition the whole `` set to join the eu '' gives it a sense of imminence that is really not appropriate , given that it 's more of a `` sometimes pretends to want to join the eu '' in case of turkey . 
  the cynic in me would think that it 's not done for the sake of `` crazy technology '' but rather to allow them to actually focus on americans . 
   what ? 
  i did n't say that . 
  woops , i mistook you for / u/maybenobanthistime23 . 
  that 's totally my bad and i apologize . 
   i understand what you 're saying , but you ca n't just ignore that the proposed solution only sounds good on paper but will probably fail to work in real life . 
  i mean , what kind of approach is this `` we have this general idea , so let 's do it and worry about the implementations and logistics later '' ? 
  that 's just not a workable plan in the long term . 
  if you want to discuss the implementation , sure : as far as i know the proposed solution is to distribute the refugees across the eu , and have individual countries handle them as asylum seekers , take prints and all that . 
  the only realistic way they can then legally get money and a place to stay is by staying in the country assigned to them . 
  can they leave and become hobos in germany ? 
  sure . 
  are they gon na go and do that ? 
  probably not , and if they do it 's not really a big deal overall . 
   i do n't understand your point here , how is the turkey deal a greater cost to anyone ? 
  i was under impression that it actually helps everyone , except maybe for italy , because the migrants will try to find new routes to europe . 
  and how is the rest of the eu kept out , all member countries contribute to the financial aid for turkey and the visa lifting would also apply to all member countries if it 's implemented . 
  because in the end we 're still gon na have to take in some people . 
  not having to take in anyone sounds nice but i do n't see how it 's gon na work . 
  it 's going to be controlled , yes , and we hopefully wo n't be forced to see something akin to last year again . 
  that said , people will continue to come in and without redistribution a fairly low amount of countries is gon na be stuck with all of them , instead of the eu sharing the burden across its member states . 
  i do n't really care about debating the logistics or realization aspect of it . 
  while i have a different opinion than you do that 's not really the point of the discussion and we should avoid getting sidetracked . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that the current solution , as temporary as it may or may not end up being , is not the result of some cooperation or compromise but rather the result of the people that you claim to only `` talk , talk and talk '' going ahead with their plan at what is basically a greater cost to themselves while essentially keeping the rest of the eu out of it . 
  the problem was that when the v4 were talking about `` external borders '' they really meant `` borders with greece '' because those are the only ones we can actually secure without having to involve turkey . 
  there 's no real problem with the turkey deal and similar arrangements had always been part of merkels plan , however , it was and continues to also be clear that some refugees will have to be taken in by us for such an arrangement to ultimately work . 
  the point of conflict was that said `` us '' should be the entire eu and not just a few countries inside it . 
  that point has not at all been truly resolved , it 's just that particularly the european governments actually willing to work on a common solution feel they have a handle on the crisis at this point and do n't want to bother getting into more shouting matches right now . 
  eh , should 've probably added `` safely '' , but i figured that one was obvious to be honest . 
  i would n't call those parts safe . 
  there 's no fighting there at this current point in time , but there 's still an ongoing war with several factions involved that are hell bent on shifting the frontline towards whatever refugee camps you 'd build . 
  pretty sure people that can be relocated internally do n't necessarily qualify . 
  that particular conflict is basically restricted to reasonable smallish parts of the eastern ukraine so they wo n't get refugee status . 
  no , most people just stopped caring when it became clear that russia was n't going to opt for a full scale invasion . 
  they do n't care whether they 're still shooting at each other or not so long as it does n't escalate . 
  what is it about dictators and growing progressively more insane with age ? 
  it 's not about child payments , it 's about one person in the marriage sacrificing their career options for the sake of their family and about providing them with money to help them start their own life after a divorce . 
  not really , unless you base it on gender instead or role in the marriage . 
  one parent working and emphasizing their career while the other stays at home , takes care of the kids etc is not that uncommon of a concept . 
  having a system for the stay at home parent to fall back on in place is pretty reasonable . 
  yes , and former ussr states are more hostile towards russia and feel a certain allegiance towards other forme ussr states that other countries do n't share . 
  stating that they are prone to taking a more hostile chance and stating that them doing so is not in the interest of other countries that do n't want to be involved in a nuclear war is a fact . 
  the problem is not the public . 
  the problem is that an actual writeoff would require becoming a transfer union , which the rules clearly state the ez is not , while 0 % interest loans only require small adjustments to the interpretation of `` mutually beneficial '' . 
  the former represents too dangerous of a rule change that the ez is not ready for , simply because there 's no desire to give up fiscal sovereignty to the degree required for such a union in the vast majority of memberstates , including greece . 
  the latter is n't desirable , but at least can be worked with without inviting disaster or at the very least significant problems later down the line . 
  agreed . 
  it actually makes for a rather scary game of chicken that i 'd rather not play . 
  i also ca n't think of an alternative though , given that the only language our elected officials seem to want to speak is elections . 
  good time for the right people to say the right things then , eh . 
  it 's not about actually putting the hard right into power , necessarily , it 's about telling the currently established parties to either get their act together , come up with a more agreeable solution or have more and more voters vote hard right . 
  voting is the only real , legitimate power we as citizens get in a democracy , and we do have to use it if we want to see change . 
  because the right , or the hard right anyway , mostly consists of incompetent morons . 
  it 's just that the rest has now decided that they , too , want to be morons , which somewhat levels the playing field until someone stops being an idiot . 
  it 's not about competence . 
  it 's about one specific issue that a lot of people strongly disagree with . 
  wrong people saying the right things and all that . 
  and spain . 
  they consider it rightful caliphate clay . 
  hey , if they also take greece this could conveniently solve the debtening !, 
  germoney smell opportunity , ja !, 
  unless they have decided that muslims need to all be killed because their vile and evil ways are passed down through their corrupted genes they really do n't . 
  `` not liking foreigners '' , no matter whether its close minded , stupid , pragmatic , reasonable or whatever adjective you want to attach to it based on your own leanings is not what made hitler a genocidal , warmongering tyrant . 
  wide ranging support =| = democratically elected . 
  you implied he was elected which is factually false . 
  he was appointed in what was ultimately a failing democracy which he then used to usurp complete power . 
  also :  if hitler could achieve that with only 33 % vote for his party , what hofer and the fp\u00d6 could do with  50 % of the vote does n't bear thinking about . 
  i 'd hazard a guess here and say much , much less given that austria is not a dumpster fire of a democracy , unlike germany when hitler took over . 
  from an economic point of view ? 
  yes . 
  from a political point of view ? 
  hell no . 
  the ez is not a transfer union and noone , not even greece , would be willing to accept the necessary changes to it to make it one . 
  best solution would probably be a well regulated default and grexit with european assistance . 
  have the european institutions agree to forget about the debt in case of a default ( which wouldnt represent a fiscal transfer in and of itself ) and have greece rebuild their economy without crushing debt with drachma . 
  it would be advisable for greece to create the necessary infrastructure in terms of governance now though , rather than when defaulting . 
  amazing doublespeak , big brother is proud of you !, 
  she 'll be elected again unless she steps down , i guarantee it . 
  right now she 's held up by a coalition of the two major parties , with all the other parties in parliament being worse . 
  the only ones actually challenging her on the whole refugee nonsense , for example , is the afd who are pretty fucking terrible as far as anything that is n't refugees are concerned , making it extremely unlikely for them to actually take over . 
  watch as he ultimately does the opposite of what the people voted for , except worse . 
  again . 
  which is completely ridiculous and something we need to be way more aggressive about . 
  we 're still giving development aid to countries refusing to take their nationals back for example , which is ridiculous . 
  i do n't think that 's it . 
  i think it 's moreso that there 's very little fertile ground for populism left . 
  our media does a solid job reporting the truth , our politicians generally have their act together and we 're not stuck in some dumb culture war that could be used to scare people into voting for populists as far as the national discourse is concerned . 
  and populist attacks against a solid political class or a trustworthy media complex wo n't be too effective . 
  so people in general wo n't vote for populists , not because of some deeper knowledge that populism is bad , but because there 's really not much of a reason to . 
  it would also be considerably harder without access to eu loans . 
  overall , the countries hit hardest by the crisis would have been screwed harder without access to the euro .
