  what it does do right now is give russia a nice frozen conflict that is gon na make it nearly impossible for the ukrainian government to make meaningful diplomatic decisions particularly in regards of security and also pretty much entirely solidifies russias hold on the crimean peninsula . 
  the `` incentives '' given were and continue to be a necessity to ease some of the pressure on southern europe . 
  allowing refugees to travel to germany or other western european nations instead of forcing them to stay put in southern europe itself helps ease the pressure on economies that , frankly , are unable to deal with the influx economically . 
  none of it would have been necessary if , oh , idk , common agreement on most certainly necessary refugee quotas could have been found in the years this bloody crisis has been going on already . 
  it 's not that this is a new problem , it just got stalled way beyond the melting point . 
  that 's not half of europe , not even close . . 
  the settlements could be argued to be a major factor in regards to perpetuating the conflict between israel and palestine though , something that can be seen as being a contributing factor to the continued radicalization of muslims across the world , since it makes the status quo for palestinians `` do nothing and slowly watch as your rightful territory is being encroached upon '' as opposed to it being `` do nothing and hope to work towards peace '' . 
  it is not surprising that a population that sees itself faced with the option of either fighting or lying down and dying chooses to fight . 
  are you sure ? 
  i mean , it is certainly possible ( though a quick glance at the page for turkey of the unhrc does not reveal anything of the sort ) given that quite a few of the uns rules have a tendency to be rather silly , but i really do n't see any reason to not consider turkey a safe country . 
  despite some warranted criticisms regarding its current freedom of speech situation it is still a secular democracy , one that has its national security from war guaranteed by what is quite possibly the most powerful military alliance in history . 
  whatever about it is supposedly not safe ? 
  that said , i do agree with redistribution for the ones already here , that is most certainly a necessity . 
  this does not , however , mean that looking forward a different refugee policy can not or should not be pursued . 
  nah , its not . 
  pretty sure you 're only obligated to take in everyone if you 're the first safe country they get to . 
  its fairly difficult to get directly to europe without crossing a safe country first . 
  not advocating for or against particular refugee policies here , but it is important to remain both accurate and objective . 
  being able to work on an issue in a fashion that transfends borders rather than having to send warnings ( a lot of which will turn out as false alarms and swamp intelligence agencies ) is bound to be useful though . 
  that said , to be effective national secrets would have to be done away with and laws would have to be standardized , so its not at all realistic right now . 
  that just does n't seem realistic - at least not in a democracy . 
  people break , and eventually people will vote for a much more violent path . 
  events such as this one are simply too big for any population to endure long term without likely eventually voting for a heavy shift in policy . 
  that 's why we need solutions that are more moderate and somewhat deescalating . 
  going back to the middle east and bombing people till we feel better is n't going to help . 
  deportations are n't going to help . 
  finding ways to enable our intelligence agencies to stop these acts of terror , however , might be a good first step . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by ` attacks ' . 
  and the problem that i see is that we have always had to and right now continue to have to balance out our desire for security , and for more intelligence , with our desire to keep intelligence agencies from becoming too powerful , with our desire to minimize their ability to abuse their power , and with our desire for privacy . 
  this approach has so far not been entirely successful ( though i would not say it has gotten us nowhere , i suspect that we would suffer significantly more bombings without our intelligence agencies ) . 
  now , right now our realistic options to solve this are limited . 
  going for military action against the groups organizing the attacks against us has a horrible track record . 
  just accepting having some of us occasionally bombed to shreds or gunned down is neither realistic ( at least based on what we know of human behavior and of the track record that nations have when it comes to reacting to terrorist attacks ) nor , frankly , something we should tolerate . 
  it is becoming clear that the means we currently allow ourselves to have are not sufficient to deal with this ongoing threat . 
  changes need to be made . 
  and serious discussions on what these changes need to be to be effective as well as their consequences need to be had . 
  the way i see it , allowing intelligence agencies to act with more freedom against on a national level agreed upon groups of people that have shown to present a ludicrously high terrorist threat compared to everybody else . 
  doing so does n't carry the risk of giving intelligence agency too much power that will later make it impossibly difficult to revoke that power again , it does n't cost people their lives , and it should have a fairly good chance of success . 
  i will not claim that it is the only solution out there , but out of all the shitty ones i can think of this is still the best one . 
  i disagree . 
  most muslims live peaceful lives in our societies . 
  there is no inherent compatibility issue . 
  that said , we need to treat this as a problem of islamic violence and need to deal with it as such . 
  it 's not multiculturalism , it 's islam . 
  if you have a system that seeks to allow people from any and all religions or cultural backgrounds to live in a country and then you have one religion that has followers decide to start bombings and mass murder then the blame is to be pointed at the religion that features murder , not at the system that allows everybody else to live together in peace . 
  why ? 
  there is no end to this wave of islamic terrorism in the foreseeable future . 
  this has been going on for over a decade now and our best hope seem to be short breaks . 
  we need to find ways to put an end to this . 
  unleashing our intelligence agencies seems like the best way to do it because it allows us to stop these attacks before they even happen , but they need to have the legal freedom to do so . 
  i say we give them the legal freedom to do so , but only against the group that produces the actual terrorists and only until this whole insanity stops . 
  otherwise , i fear we will see all of our rights erode more and more every time some shooting happens or some bomb goes off or both at the same time because every time more power will be given to or taken by the intelligence agencies in a bid to prevent them in the future . 
  we 'll end in a situation where we all lose our rights even beyond the point in time when the wave of islamic violence finally stops . 
  instead , i think it is simply much more reasonable to just give them all the power they could possibly need in regards to surveillance , but clearly limited in terms of scope to where it may be necessary . 
  not exactly difficult to do given the means we give our intelligence agencies right now . 
  honestly , we need to have a serious , honest conversation about the state of surveillance and national security in the entire west anyway . 
  granting all groups of people the exact same rights regarding privacy is simply not viable when one of them produces mass murdering terrorists that go after all the other groups of people . 
  members of the same species kill each other all the time without even introducing the clusterfuck of differences in religion and culture . 
  that said , the thing that is supposed to separate us from animals is that despite our somewhat inherently violent nature we can choose to not engage in the killing of fellow humans , and we are able to shape our own societies and cultures to reflect that . 
  sadly , it is evident that some people choose to not make use of that , reducing themselves to mere animals instead . 
  and how many innocent people are going to die if we deport every person of muslim ancestry ? 
  i agree , if it truly becomes us or them , then yes , it has to be us every time . 
  however , our goal absolutely needs to be to avoid that situation . 
  that said , in some respects the kiddie gloves have to come off . 
  allowing these attacks to continue to happen will eventually cause more and more violence subsequently , and will cause more and more innocents on all sides to lose their lives . 
  however , doing so should be done in regards to surveillance laws specifically targeting high terror threat demographics ( as of right now , only muslims ) , as opposed to stripping every citizen of their privacy because parts of one particular group of people decided that terrorism was a fun idea . 
  quite possibly . 
  after all , it is hard to understand what is going on in the minds of lunatics . 
  agreed , though i would not underestimate the meaning of it being friday the 13th . 
  them deciding to strike on what is considered ( moreso jokingly , but regardless ) a day of bad fortune in many parts of western culture could be something that they consider some form of fucked up symbolism . 
  you can , but it is a foolish idea . 
  these attacks are well prepared and planned . 
  you generally want to prepare an attack and then strike asap , simply to keep the risk of getting caught down . 
  i suspect that this particular attack was planned months in advance and it overlapping with the fortunate event of jihadi johns death is merely a coincidence . 
  the endgame being ... what ? 
  it 's not realistic to expect countries to accept the presence of a religion until it causes enough damage to actually bring the country down . 
  islam will simply be banned from western countries before that actually happens ( and , mind you , we are ludicrously far away from that point ) , including mass deportations of the muslim population . 
  no country on earth just will allow itself to be swallowed completely by violence coming from a group that can simply be identified through religion or even origin , they will eliminate that threat before that happens . 
  then they will have their great army without weapons , without supplies sitting somewhere in the middle of nowhere getting bombed until every last one of them is dead . 
  it is a completely insane , self destructive strategy they are pursuing . 
  what do immigrants even have to do with that ? 
  o_o . 
  and fundamentally speaking , i really do n't think there is any arguing that poland is much more hostile towards russia than germany . 
  not without cause , as i said , but it 's still the case regardless . 
  poland , however , has the power to take gas meant for germany whenever they feel like it , for example you got into a diplomatic conflict with russia that does n't involve germany at all or something to that effect . 
  for example , if poland is not satisfied with the prices it has to pay for gas , it could simply take german gas , in the process drawing germany into negotiations it may or may not want to have anything to do with . 
  and every country should deal with moscow on their own , at least to some extent . 
  there is a clear line regarding military attacks against both eu and nato members , as well as a more blurry line regarding solidarity between members of the eu . 
  however , beyond that countries are entitled to their own foreign policy , and by extension also have to live with ( some ) consequences for their decisions . 
  eastern european countries for example generally are more hostile towards russia , and while they are perfectly entitled to that and their position is understandable it does n't mean that other european countries that do n't share their opinions on that subject should have to deal with the full fallout of their foreign policy decisions . 
  yes , it 's almost as if choices made in foreign policy affect trade deals . 
  that 's pretty much how it works . 
  i do n't really see why germany should be the one to pay for polands decisions regarding it . 
  as countries , both should be perfectly capable of making their own decisions in that regard , with their own consequences . 
  in addition , there is also the eu where decisions for the entire union can and should be discussed . 
  however , i do not see a reason why polish decisions regarding particularly their relations with russia should directly affect germany in such a fashion . 
   germany no longer needs to care as much about eastern european affairs ( i.e. 
  germany would certainly not interfere in any issues between russia and ee that do n't directly effect them ) as nord stream 2 effectively frees germany from the shackles of `` solidarity '' with the eastern states . 
  you mean outside of the solidarity that has to be given due to eu membership ? 
  or the one that is given through nato membership ?
