  which comes down to the problem of closing a sea border . 
  i 've yet to meet someone that has a functioning explanation of how to achieve this . 
  they can and will just put their vessel into distress . 
  then we 're legally obliged to help them . 
  he probably follows the `` fuck greece '' school of thought that orban introduced where we build a gigantic fence around greece and turn them into a gigantic refugee camp . 
  yknow , because fuck solidarity . 
  because the ez is bound by rules , written and unwritten ones , that make purely economic negotiations damn near impossible . 
  for example , the no transfer clause makes debt relief impossible but the principle of solidarity makes refusing bailouts non-feasible as well . 
  the hope is that the involvement of the imf can help break this stalemate one way or another . 
  the problem is that alternatives need to be provided . 
  saying that you wo n't take morer than a certain amount of people does n't mean that people stop coming . 
  if you do n't work out an alternative for that instance then an upper limit is just a convenient excuse to fuck over border countries . 
  this is where the politicians opposing redistribution fail : they do n't provide a viable solution . 
  they instead offer populism that sounds easy to implement but upon closer inspection is simply not viable . 
  working out plans does not work if certain memberstates decide to stall till others break down . 
  that 's the problem . 
  merkel was trying to get quotas in way before that happened . 
  she allowed refugees to go to germany directly when greece was short of collapsing because every attempt to get redistribution going had been blocked . 
  even that is difficult , and you 'd also have other logistical challenges to deal with such as infrastructure on site , plus you 're going to eventually not even having the support of the local government anymore if you keep having to build it . 
  ultimately , using a coastal country , despite being met with its own challenges and hence likely not being viable either would just be cheaper and more realistic . 
  though if we 're already building refugee camps we might as well so it in our own countries , just make them closed ones and repeal naturalization laws for refugees and the only major difference is that it 's way cheaper . 
  oh , i agree . 
  solidarity largely seems dead though there are still countries trying to keep it alive that we should support , and in the coming years germany will have to start reflecting that in its own foreign policy . 
  attempts at implementing measures to ease the refugee tensions have been made and blocked for years . 
  that said , even the influx were getting right now can be handled if need be , we would , however , have to implement some rather heavy measures such as the previously mentioned ones . 
  yeah , good luck with that with the amount of refugees coming in . 
  id be surprised if chads airports can even take that load . 
  i do n't think there 's a relevant one . 
  there 's plenty of means that can be exhausted before we could even get close to meeting any kind of reasonable limit . 
  if it were distributed across the eu the current number would be rather easy to handle , even the currently predicted upper limit of the ones coming in in the foreseeable future would n't be a problem , particularly not with escalating means such as repealing naturalization laws ( meaning that there would be no way for refugees to stay forever , eventually they would always get deported ) or refugee camps . 
  that requires a country that agrees to take them in instead . 
  we 're actually working on sth along those lines with turkey , it 's just a lot more difficult if you 're talking about a fuckton of legitimate refugees because the entire neighbourhood is burning rather than the still tolerable influx australia has to deal with . 
  how . . how would we get them to chad , at least pick something coastal . 
  mind you , i dont disagree on principle , the problem is finding a country we can reach that would be willing to take them in . 
  yeah and if you 've got a better idea that 's compliant with existing international laws i 'd be glad to hear it . 
  no , you ca n't , unless you want to break a bunch of laws . 
  the vessels carrying refugees will intentionally put themselves in distress upon seeing your approach . 
  under maritime law you now have to rescue them . 
  afterwards you have to drop them off in a safe country that agrees to let you bring them over , which no safe country is currently interested in , meaning we 're stuck with them . 
  yeah , at the cost of citizens in other countries that are part of the very union they agreed to join that is supposed to have that thing called solidarity . 
  but hey , if they do n't want that whole solidarity thing that 's fine , they just should n't come crying when we tell them to go get fucked and only protect our own interests and in doing so citizens when it comes to their bitchfest with russia . 
  propping up dictatorships works as long as nobody comes by to overthrow them . 
  eventually , however , somebody will so that 's not a solution in all instances . 
  and repatriation is nice and all and we should do more about it but simply is n't legally possible in many cases and takes time even in the cases where it is . 
  the problem being that you ca n't avoid these problems . 
  you ca n't close a sea border , so unless the goal is to turn greece into a gigantic refugee camp we got ta take them in either way . 
  it 's not smart to not help out , it 's selfish . 
  does it not ? 
  free markets , free travel , structural funds , better credit ratings simply through association , defensive assurances . 
  all of these feel like privileges to me . 
  people seem to have started taking all the eu provides for granted , however , particularly nations with room to grow are provided with huge advantages from eu membership . 
  state funded media is not a bad concept in itself , however , the control the government may exercise on it needs to be extremely limited . 
  otherwise all it is is a propaganda arm that keeps the current government in power , akin to the way de facto dictatorships such as russia partially function , rather than a tool that allows citizens to inform themselves on current events . 
  the problem here is government intervention , not the quality of the broadcast . 
  if you want to draw equivalencies with other countries you need to find countries where the control that the government may directly exercise over their public broadcast is as strong as what the polish government is currently going for . 
  if we could agree on redistributing them , sure . 
  but greece would have to be completely retarded to accept such a thing until redistribution is guaranteed . 
  then you can voluntarily leave anytime . 
  that 's kind of the point , joining the eu is a privilege and you 're expected to hold up to certain standards as a result . 
  if you do n't want to do that then do n't be part of the union , membership is after all not mandatory . 
  that 's a different topic entirely . 
  he is talking about regular migration , which is not the current issue with asylum seekers we are facing . 
  heck , he specifically states that those should be exempt . 
   let me get back to this 5 years from now . 
  and five years from now nothing about this will have changed . 
  we 'll probably have worked out a solution by then that will not at all resemble anything the populists clamored because that shit is still gon na be impossible . 
  pretty sure it requires more than a regular  50 % majority . 
  the problem is that last time we somehow managed to push super inefficient quotas ( that really wo n't do anything to solve the issue , anyway ) only because poland folded . 
  after their last election result that straightup is n't gon na happen , so we 're not going to be able to get such a vote again . 
  oh , i certainly agree that we should do more to deport people that we can legally deport , and pressuring countries that we can into taking them is a good idea . 
  this , however , is outside of the framework of international law which sadly covers a significant portion of our current problem . 
  while i agree in principle in regards to international law and believe adjustments to it should be made , the problem is that making them is quite a different beast entirely that will require a lot of work and can not be done unilaterally . 
  it 's not a matter of should , it 's a matter of could . 
  and that is simply not something we will be able to achieve over the course of this crisis , by the time it could happen , if at all , the crisis is going to be over . 
  you 're free to change aid levels . 
  you 're not free to stop taking in refugees . 
  however , keep in mind that changing aid levels will probably just create more refugees . 
  seriously . 
  when exactly did the left get this shockingly dumb ? 
  i kind of remember them not being nearly that idiotic a few years back , what the hell happened ? 
  you did n't `` warn '' anyone . 
  you simply said you did n't want any brown people . 
  you also did n't suggest any viable solutions , the best we ever got was idiotic populism . 
  suggestions to close a sea border among the most stupid ones . 
  the people in the west are not stupid , contrary to what you may think , we are simply capable of actually seeing the broader context and hence rule out proposals that simply are not at all functional and attempt to work with whats left to the best of our ability . 
  that 's not how international law works . 
  at all . 
  and i have no idea where you got the idea that it is . 
  turkey also has leverage though . 
  if they want to they can really open the floodgates by propagating europe to the people in their own refugee camps and funding the smugglers . 
  as such we need to be careful with our negotiation strategy , threats wo n't work . 
  the problem is that once they 're under lock and key there we 'll have all the time in the world to leave them there and not deal with them . 
  heck , for a very long time that was basically the case where migrants at large did n't leave greece and it 's not like we got a solution implemented in that time frame , up until greece was getting really close to collapsing from the weight . 
  mind you , i 'm all for registering migrants wherever they cross the sea border , however , this requires having a plan on what to actually do with them rather than just leaving them there while eastern europe plays the same bullshit stalling game they played when they were stuck in greece last time . 
  that would make the state take control of a religion in order to push its own agenda . 
  even though it would be an agenda that i expect the vast , vast majority of citizens to agree with and even though it would substantially improve the situation i do n't think it 's a line i 'm comfortable crossing . 
  ehhh , i would say they 're centrist leaning towards moderately left . 
  they usually however try to be rational and make well explained points , which allows readers to shape their own opinion rather than have it dictated for them like more biased rags attempt to do . 
  we ca n't . 
  as in we 're physically unable to because this is to the largest extent regulated by international law .
