  it was a vote on one specific offer that was n't even valid by the time the greek people got to vote on it because its deadline had already expired by then . 
  so basically , the greek people got to vote on nothing only so that the greek government could then negotiate some kind of last minute agreement as all the deadlines had run out that was actually worse . 
  the amount of incompetence that one took is actually shocking . 
  they would have been . 
  the whole problem with this situation is politics . 
  on the one hand you have european solidarity ^ tm that forces the rest of us to keep greece afloat for as long as they ask us to do so while the other hand presents us with a set of rules that we got ta maintain in order for the currency union to remain stable . 
  so basically you get the weird situation of having to drag along a corpse until the corpse asks you to stop . 
  eh , the problem is moreso that there is not a lot of interest in setting a precedent for fiscal transfers within the ez . 
  those would require a much more centralized european government , and until such a government is in place particularly richer countries will not agree to them . 
  this is ultimately simply about maintaining the rules necessary to allow a currency union that still allows every country full sovereignty as far fiscal policies are concerned to at least somewhat function . 
  not entirely . 
  countries ca n't default like private individuals , it 's more like saying `` well , we wo n't pay you people , whatcha gon na do ? '' . 
  however , the debt still exists afterwards , and you 're going to have a harder time getting loans until actual agreements to deal with the debt in question with the creditors have been made . 
  mind you , i think our laws and our constitution need a serious rewrite but frankly , as long as the law is n't changed b\u00f6hmermann has violated it and should be punished for it . 
  the solution to stupid laws is not to ignore them whenever they end up being pesky , it 's to get rid of them . 
  such a government only works if its memberstates are sufficiently dedicated to making it work , and prepared to give up sovereignty to support the union at large . 
  this also means working together to support individual member states such as greece who are in a tough spot . 
  however , if the will to do so is lacking it is not suddenly the responsibility of the people favoring the stronger union to essentially go rogue and sacrifice their own self interest . 
  so germany is the one country that does n't get to focus on its own self interest ? 
  yeah no , fuck that , let the eu burn then . 
  a union of equals does n't work if one member gets to sacrifice itself for the greater good . 
  we were fine before the eu , we 're gon na be fine again . 
  i wonder if the same can be said for eastern europe though . 
  you have to treat all refugees the same . 
  i would rather not we have to keep everyone from any country that is mostly fine , really . 
  on the plus side , the great douglas adams has already provided us with a solution for the uncontrollable inflation caused by leaf-based currencies : burn down all the forests . 
  that is not a very strong argument , since the end result one seeks to prevent ( more genetically ill children ) occurs regardless . 
  all that changed is that you 've drawn an oddly specific line in the sand . 
  regardless however , to make this stance consistent one would now have to ban unions between , for example , people with the same genetic illness/predisposition since doing so would increase the odds of the illness being passed down significantly and would have to ban unions within a certain community once a certain degree of consanguinity is achieved within it due to constant intermarriage . 
  however , neither of these is done or acceptable . 
  we could prevent way more of it if we also forbid people with genetic disabilities that they would likely pass down from reproducing . 
  doing so is very much within our realm of possibilities , it 's just that we consider it unethical and hence do n't do it . 
  incest somehow is the odd one out , where eugenics is all of a sudden an acceptable argument despite being considered abhorrent in all other cases . 
  while true we should either apply this argument to genetic diseases in general or not apply it at all . 
  we allow people to reproduce freely regardless of the negative consequences for their offspring , unless the people in question happen to be related . 
  it 's not a matter of wanting to do what is best for these children , it 's a matter of wanting to force our own moral views on something that we staunchly refuse to make our business ( and in fact making it our business is largely rightfully considered bigotry ) in any other instance : what two consenting adults do in their bedroom . 
  which would be a good idea , particularly as it would allow us to actually help people in need and stop the consistent influx of single young men . 
   if one that suggests is n't a holocaust denier , why he/she wants that law to be abandoned ? 
  because they believe in freedom of speech ? 
   that 's called politics . 
  law is good as long as attempts of its removing bring problem to the side that suggest removal . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  whether a law change would present a problem for the person trying to push it through is not related to whether it is a fundamentally good idea , as the reasons for it causing a problem in the first place are not always clear . 
  not really . 
  the reason it 's political suicide is that your political opponents get to ask you why you want to legalize holocaust denial , in the process implying that you are in fact a holocaust denier . 
  it does not have anything to do with whether it 's a good or reasonable law , which is another issue entirely . 
  it 'll also make it more real for all those that do n't want to be part of it , creating more and more people opposed to pc bullshit . 
  oh , i do n't mean their sea border . 
  if they could do that they would n't really have a problem . 
  they could close their land border , effectively locking the refugees in their country . 
  as i said though , they 'd have to be morons to do that . 
  because israel keeps encroaching into palestinian territories through blatantly illegal land grabs and settlements , which further escalates the situation and in turn also leads to more hamas terrorism . 
  if israel made a genuine effort to implement existing international laws and simply felt forced to suppress palestine for fear of them turning terrorist and threatening their security once they stop doing so instead of actively stealing their land the situation would be significantly more nuanced than it is right now . 
  if you are persecuted by batshit insane wahhabists you 're not going to seek refuge with batshit insane wahhabists . 
  that 'd be stupid . 
  we have plenty of leverage . 
  we can isolate the shit out of them if we want to . 
  sure , we 'd still be stuck with a bunch of refugees , but we 'd also be much better off than turkey would be if we told them to go eat a gigantic bag of dicks . 
  yes . 
  if greece wanted to shut their border , they could . 
  they would be complete and utter morons to do so , however , so they wo n't . 
  they do n't want their country to turn into a massive refugee camp , after all . 
  there 's a difference between trolling and sarcasm . 
  is that why they were caught surprised by mass instances of sexual assault while the `` uninformed '' people predicted something like that happening for a while ? 
  then it would be reasonable to state that , yes , that is an avenue that is being pursued . 
  right now you have people that radicalize more and more because certain governments seem increasingly incompetent and detached from reality , proposing non-solutions such as allowing an infinite stream ( with all the consequences that entails ) or turning greece into a gigantic refugee camp . 
  i fully understand the necessity of keeping large portions of the negotiations from the public eye as to not weaken ones position , but there has to be a limit . 
  give people the impression that their governments are competent , connected to reality and have their interests at heart and you will see significantly less radicalization among the native population . 
  well , you could always try running off-shore refugee camps . 
  it 's a lot of diplomatic hassle and i 'm not sure if it could actually be pulled off , but it would be worth at least attempting to negotiate it . 
  meh , having at least one party against immigration is important though . 
  parliament is a huge circlejerk otherwise , which is what got us into this mess in the first place . 
  yeah her coalition is still insanely strong.it 's the two largest parties working together , only way to get rid of that is internal pressure . 
   do you remember all that criticism bill nye received for constantly arguing with creationists ? 
  yeah , and it was retarded . 
  it showed off the arrogance and stupidity sadly often endemic within modern atheism . 
  they are legitimized by the amount of people agreeing with them . 
  all that is achieved by `` not giving them a platform '' is that you leave the entire stage to them , allowing them to take over the conversation and allowing them to draw people on the fence in . 
  eh , the two issues are a bit different . 
  in poland the issue is the government taking over control of the media . 
  in germany it 's just the usual cancer of progressives slowly taking control and deciding that , really , being an activist is now part of their job . 
  it happens without the government even having to do anything . 
  this is also why progressives are basically the best shills : they manipulate public opinion for free , they break codes of ethics for free , they do all the shit they do and the government does n't even have to touch them . 
  they were starting it before we were officially taking them , back when they legally still would have had to register in greece , back when they would have had a much harder time getting here . 
  they figured life in greece or the hope of being smuggled elsewhere and maybe doing a bit of calais partying or chilling out somewhere else was worth it . 
  greece was and still is in no way , shape or form capable of handling that kind of pressure , increased influx due to any perceived invitations or not . 
  there 's a reason lots of people get rejected . 
  problem is that the shithole they 're from then refuses to take them back so we get to be stuck with them . 
  mind you , that 's not acceptable and we need to remedy that situation any means necessary so that they take their fucking people back , but it is what it is for now . 
  the australian model requires having somewhere to put them . 
  this is being worked on with turkey , mind you , but getting any agreement with the amount of people coming in is gon na be tough and even then we 're likely not gon na be able to avoid taking in people entirely . 
  they use the term migrant for people they have to let in due to their refugee status . 
  however , they acknowledge that these people are not directly fleeing from wartorn areas and instead come here via a proxy through turkey looking for a better life . 
  however , we 're legally unable to reject them , so using the term migrant is simply a way of being honest . 
   hypocrisy about migrants - suggesting that we will get only 400 . 
  what about ua migrants ? 
  are they some kind of imaginary people ? 
  they are worse than middle eastern ones ? 
  no , they just do n't count as legitimate refugees unless they 're gay . 
  `` my country is currently kinda shitty to live in due to varying circumstances '' is not grounds for having a right to asylum .
