  and , as previously stated , theres nothing wrong with having insular interests . 
  what you are talking about is an entirely unrelated issue , namely that of people holding a minority opinion leaving a sub . 
  that is not a question of brigading or even a question of people that only feel passionate about a small portion of the topics discussed on / r/europe . 
  it is , instead , something that happens in every community naturally as viewpoints shift since people in general do n't really seem to enjoy being in a space where the majority holds a view that strongly disagrees with them . 
  if you have a solution to fix this problem while not straight up banning certain viewpoints to create an artificial echo chamber for minority opinions then i am eager to hear it , however , none of the solutions you have so far presented do anything of the sort . 
  all you have argued for is banning people who have insular interests or primarily feel passionate about certain topics , which does not relate to the actual issue you seem to be complaining about . 
  the topics that get upvoted and as such become front page content are decided by the community , not by the people that submitted them . 
  have you considered that the reason that this sub has several dominant topics is that these are currently the things that really do interest the majority of the community and are such the main topic of the conversation ? 
  only if it 's not in the us . 
  having insular interests is not having an agenda , though the two will look very similar . 
  how do you distinguish one from the other ? 
  and even having an agenda would not be brigading in itself . 
  what you seem to be opposed to is people holding a certain viewpoint , possibly being passionate about it , and attempting to argue it . 
  that really does seem to go against / r/europe being an open forum for people to discuss matters relating to europe . 
  sub . 
  this is a subreddit . 
  a comment thread is what you are currently participating in . 
  and what exactly is wrong with people having more insular interests ? 
  should people just go shitpost in threads about all topics to meet some arbitrary quota of participation to not get banned ? 
  would that not lower the quality of the subreddit ? 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with people only participating in discussions when they feel that they have something relevant to add . 
  if you find an individual or a sub genuinely brigading then do call it out and report it , the admins to crack down on that shit ( as long as it 's not srs doing it , anyway ) . 
  but do n't assume people are brigading because views you do n't hold are dominant , that is childish and silly . 
  ... that 's not what a coup is . 
  there 's no intent to bypass parliament or any legal procedures . 
  they are merely discussing matters with parts of the entirety of the greek governing body because they will likely need the support of mps of the opposition party to get their proposals through parliament since parts of syriza are likely to vote against them . 
  even if that resulted in a different government that would not mean that a coup happened , so long as parliament remains the same , it would merely mean that the elected representatives voted on a different government . 
  i find it very odd that you attempt to argue against the existence of a certain phenomenon in a comment thread that was started by a user showing a pretty good example of it . 
  and i also never said that i want to criticize muslims , specifically . 
  i want to criticize bigots regardless of their religion , ethnicity or status as immigrants or natives . 
  and no , i should not need to cooperate with anyone to criticize bigotry , that argument is quite frankly ludicrous . 
  no , the solution is to get rid of this retarded wave of social justice nonsense and then tackle other issues in a realistic fashion . 
  we 're not going to get anywhere if we 're constantly disrupted by their idiotic nagging . 
  afterwards we can strive towards a solution that ensures that every person of any religion or ethnicity can freely and without fear of persecution , be it from their peers or their government , live in our countries so long as they share our base values ( freedom of religion , freedom of speech etc. 
  from what i 've seen based on whats been leaked so far , only the pension angle has been shot down completely and will as such need reviewing . 
  if you are referring to greeces latest proposal which was indeed called a good basis by other european leaders then i would just like to point out that using it as a basis to reach a final deal is exactly what the imf is doing . 
  negotiating does not mean that the first reasonable offer that one side makes automatically goes through . 
  the difference between previous greek proposals is that this one can at least be used as a basis for actual negotiations . 
  because greece has only now bothered to start negotiating in earnest . 
  replacing unreasonable proposals with new unreasonable proposals is not negotiating , it 's stalling . 
  and greece neither was nor is in any position to stall , making it a very dumb move that is now causing rather hefty consequences due to time simply running out . 
  the reason that austerity is enforced so heavily in greece et al is that there 's not really an alternative to it inside the current limitations of the eu . 
  federalization would solve that problem . 
  they have their own room in the illuminati clubhouse , you ca n't miss it . 
  its on the freemason floor to the left of the patriarchy room , they usually meet on tuesday and friday . 
   nobody knows what it would have looked like . 
  the point that you made yourself , we have access to enough information to know it would not have been pretty . 
  greece did not have a primary surplus at the time if memory serves , so without loans they would have basically been stuck with a negative income , a situation that would have most certainly caused a much more significant humanitarian crisis than anything we 're seeing right now . 
   needs to be broken . 
  i have only one suggestion , to which there seems to be neither political will nor social interest , and that would be to - once again , as in the 1930s - split investment banks from saving banks . 
  that would , at the very least , guarantee the savings ' of the working class , and keep domestic consumption afloat . 
  i do not know if it would be enough , and i do n't claim to be informed enough to make that decision , but i do know that it does n't appear like there is any way it will happen in the near ( or far ) future . 
  not a single politician , left or right , shows any interest in tackling this , let alone enough to actually make a difference . 
  we basically have that in germany ( sparkasse for example is essentially a savings bank and was as such not really affected too much by the banking crisis ) and it did n't change shit , so i do n't see how that would help . 
   so you 're right , my ( shitty ) solution is to let it all burn . 
  make these damn things collapse and never allow them to rebuild . 
  it will suck , but the current state of affairs should not be allowed to be continue . 
  it is completely unsustainable . 
  you make them collapse and in ten to twenty years youll have them back . 
  that 's the problem . 
   greece 's current situation is nothing to be envious of either . 
  pensions as low as 500 $ / month , with 2 dependants , and medication not being covered ( which is huge for the elderly , btw ) , youth unemployment as high as 60 % forcing the elderly to continue to look after their children . 
  this can not go on . 
  if there is no other way , then let it all burn . 
  as with the negotiations in europe this weekend - when you have nothing to lose , it does n't matter . 
  and it is only the rich who have a lot to lose . 
  greece 's current situation is far from rock bottom , so making the assumption that they have nothing to lose is rather foolish . 
  also , the rich are the ones who have the least to lose in this situation . 
  they are no longer the main holders of greek debt , the imf ( who will most likely get their money back one way or another ) and the eu are almost the only creditors , and the rich greeks do n't have to care too much about whether greece defaults considering that they 'll have secured all their assets by now and may even be able to make a profit off of the whole situation depending on how well they manage to play the current drachma situation . 
  the only ones who truly have anything left to lose are the poor . 
   this entire fiasco in greece has been an absolutely terrific example of just that . 
  the initial bailout , in 2010 , was not one toward the greek state . 
  it was a bailout of french and german banks . 
  another fine example of privatized gains , socialized losses . 
  this is an issue of banks at this point being too big to ( be allowed to ) fail . 
  basically , the banks failing would have been much worse for all countries involved than the bailout package , so they paid it , knowing that there was a high chance they would never see that money again . 
  if you ever hear of a permanent fix for this problem that does n't undermine our free societies , lem me know , because it annoys me as much as anyone . 
   that bailout in 2010 was one for rich banks from rich countries and the burden was to be borne by the citizens of greece , a relatively poor country in the eurozone already . 
  they should never have cooperated with the bailout and told europe to buzz off , and let the french and german banks holding all that debt collapse . 
  i do n't think you quite understand what a greek default in 2010 would have looked like . 
  it would be much worse than any austerity measures they agreed to . 
  however , neither germany nor the eu have the power to tell the imf what to do , and the imf will and can ( due to its existing regulations ) not give greece a debt relief . 
  as such , regardless of any kind of relief programs the imf debt will continue to remain as it is . 
  since greece on its own will not be able to service the upcoming imf debt and the imf is not going to grant a relief package no bailout package necessitates a grexit . 
  it wouldnt be a greece with 60 % debt . 
  offering a 60 % debt haircut in this context means either offering a 60 % cut on german or a 60 % haircut on european ( not sure if ecb though ) debt . 
  that still leaves the imf debt that is the cause of the threat of a default right now . 
  defaulting on imf debt without further bailouts from the eu would still result in a grexit . 
  ultimately , that 's not a deal that greece would be remotely happy with , it 's basically just a slightly less terrible grexit . 
  paired with no further bailout packages , meaning that greece would have no way of repaying the debt maturing right now ( which is not debt that germany could cut either way iirc ) , meaning a default and a grexit . 
  it would allow greece to maybe repay the debt maturing in a couple years , re-allowing access to the financial markets , but would do nothing to prevent a default . 
  of course politically speaking the way the greek debt crisis affects the rest of the eu and the respective elections is relevant , that does not make taking a position on it `` anti-democratic '' . 
  it 's not anti-democratic to want a certain political group or movement to fail due to it being detrimental to your own country and as such voicing an opinion that corresponds this view . 
  its also not anti-democratic to argue against your own nation taking steps that would encourage said group or movement . 
  and of course this is a matter of the long term prospects of the euro . 
  what do you think several nations following greeces example and demanding debt haircuts , more loans and overall more beneficial terms would mean for it ? 
  more financial crisis , more insecurity on the market , possibly an ultimately unsustainable situation where fiscal transfers are often required without any kind of centralized fiscal control ? 
  that is not a healthy prospect for the euro , and as such is something that a lot of people , particularly those that are reliant on it as a functioning currency like the industry are opposed to . 
  not everything is a big conspiracy by `` muh evil industry and banking sector '' to undermine democracy and rule the world to benefit the rich . 
  not everything is about power for powers sake .
