  it 's an archive link . 
  they 're not getting shit from people clicking on it . 
  the inhospitable conditions are really the main thing about qatar . 
  even the slavery could be called politics , if one wanted to be a bit cynical about it . 
  however , qatar being a horrible place to host a wc is a simple fact and as such shouldnt happen . 
  every country that got a wc in the last couple years has probably bribed their way in . 
  yes , even germany . 
  i have very little doubt of that given how fucking corrupt fifa actually is . 
  at some point it becomes a question of hating the game , not the player . 
  but wouldnt that ultimately require tax payers to consistently keep track of their spending , to ensure that a consumption tax report is actually accurate ? 
  after all , how else would you base said tax on consumption and not simply on gross income ? 
  in regards of tax returns : couldnt that simply be done through a combination of minimum wages/additional financial support as well as adjustments to income tax ? 
  i mean , given that they 'll likely have to spend close to all of their money anyway it shouldnt really make much of a difference whether you apply financial bonuses directly to their income or on a return on their consumption tax . 
  ouch . 
  yeah , theres definitely a lot of need for reform there ... 
  in that case you could just get rid of a consumption tax and adjust the income tax accordingly , no ? 
  that said , vat in general represents a rather useful tool for governments to impact the market which makes it valuable for ( for example ) crisis management and indirect subsidization , so i would argue that its something thats good to have around . 
  i dont know , i think a lower vat for food would be something that could be negotiated for , as long as it came with other sensible changes ( such as books and theater visits not being 6 % , which is honestly ridiculous ) . 
  how exactly would you implement a progressive consumption tax ? 
  i do ( though i dont think all food is , some seems to be on the 11 % one ) , and i think its retarded . 
  that doesnt make unified vat a good idea , it just means that the current greek system is seemingly rather bad . 
  a unified vat is a bad idea , especially for a country desperately trying to balance its budget . 
  if you increase the price of food low income families get to the point where they will have a hard time affording it , even spending all their money on food . 
  having one tax rate for essentials ( during austerity only food , really ) and one for everything else ensures that low income families can still get by . 
  because implementing it properly ( ie forcing integration ) is often viewed as racist . 
  because otherwise you are very likely going to get ethnic tensions , which in turn may negatively affect the democratic landscape , cause discrimination and increased crime . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  iirc germans voted for a majority left wing parliament . 
  its just that our political left is a huge fucking mess . 
  but you can hardly blame the voters for that , thats on the parties . 
  this article is nonsense . 
  it implies that people that are forced to flee their home taking whatever they can with them because staying means certain death , that face incredible hardship trying to just survive with people that pay what is a lot of money ( particularly in the regions in question ) to pay criminals to ship them over to a country in a much better economic situation or with people that travel through several countries that would allow them to apply for asylum to get to a specific country to apply there . 
  i absolutely agree that we need to do more for refugees worldwide . 
  but that does not mean that we should tolerate boatpeople or other forms of economic migration disguised as seeking asylum . 
  instead , we need to support the nations that have to deal with the brunt of the refugees , with the ones that are n't rich enough to afford a boat ride and stiil need to be protected . 
  simple as that . 
  austerity simply refers to the process of cutting spending and/or increasing state income in order to avoid making a total deficit . 
  the simple concept behind it is for a country to not spend more money than it makes on the long term . 
  that is ultimately something that every country has to do at some point simply to avoid falling into a debt crisis . 
  it is also worth adding that it is a very reasonable idea to apply such measures during times of economic stability or even boom phases to avoid getting into the fun situation of facing both an economic and a debt crisis at the same time . 
  in the vague form theyre written out here ? 
  all of them and none of them , since that part is mainly a question of how these reforms are implemented , which is the crux of the problem : the greek government seems to be tying their reforms to their no austerity policy . 
  now , they need to be able to argue how exactly they are going to continue being able to service their debt without austerity measures . 
  if greece is able to do that the rest of the eu will most certainly not object . 
  theres no grand conspiracy against left wing governments or anything like that . 
  the creditor nations simply dont see how greece would be able to come up with the necessary debt payments under the conditions that the greek governments is setting for themselves and are as such weary of extending even more money . 
  its up to the greek government to convince them diferently . 
  and if they could implement all that without a debt haircut there would not be a problem . 
  and on top of that only being able to sustain themselves on whatever primary surplus they can cook up alone , since getting anywhere near decent loans would be borderline impossible meaning that they would need a currency to print simply to be able to make actual investments as well as keep up their state expenses . 
  its more that said suggested program ultimately comes down to what would effectively be a debt haircut , which cant really be afforded politically simply because if it were other countries would also attempt to get debt haircuts for themselves . 
  ultimately , the issue is that unlike regular economics political ones do not exist in a vacuum , and a decision made for one additional case may very well create a sense of entitlement in nations in somewhat comparable situations . 
  its going a step too far because it infringes on the individual right of any citizen to make a lifestyle choice regarding a vegetarian lifestyle and have cantinas support that . 
  mind you , the only reason that you will always be offered a viable vegetarian alternative is the enforcement of said right . 
  otherwise you would easily find days where the solutions that offer the highest quality to the in comparison lowest price will include meat . 
  on top of that it is making an implicit moral judgement on peoples food consumption choices , something that the state has so far never entitled themselves to , as such presenting a very literal crossing of a line . 
  thats not the definition its used under in the common tongue though . 
  under that definition no single person or nation is actually self sufficient , meaning that the term itself would never be used . 
  not that i get why we 're discussing semantics in the first place , considering that my initial argument stands regardless : nations are expected to not rely on charity . 
  being self sufficient means being able to do it without anybody elses * help * . 
  theres a difference there . 
  youre entirely missing the point . 
  its not a question of being able to run a country without any other countries existing , its a question of being able to do so without being reliant on charity . 
  yup . 
  welcome to the real world where societies are expected to be self sustaining . 
  though i think `` fucking over an entire generation '' is highly hyperbolic , we 're looking at a few years of actual problems max , provided that greece ever manages to vote for a remotely competent government . 
  it 's not so much the voters fault in general as it is the linkes fault and by extent their voters . 
  you have a party that breaks away from the spd and then plays protest party , ultimately ruining every chance of a left wing coalition forcing either a cdu/fdp or cdu/spd coalition . 
  i agree , but that 's not exactly relevant right now , is it ? 
  we ca n't really predict the results for the next election yet , but what we do know is that the left had enough votes to form a government last time and chose not to . 
  the political left has enough votes to create a government without the cdu . 
  they dont need `` more votes '' . 
  they have enough , they just need to remove the sticks from their asses . 
  well , `` we '' didnt decide that , our political left not getting their shit together did . 
  yes , not walking away or dispersing when ordered to do so can most certainly get you removed through the use of more physical means . 
  it is . 
  you can lock up people effectively indefinitely , for reference of that look at the raf terrorists . 
  to get `` beat up '' during a demonstration you actually have to engage in some form of misconduct already . 
  as such , the thing you can do is not engaging in any form of misconduct to avoid the situation in the first place . 
  first off , a big point of punishments is to serve as a deterrent . 
  if people joining isis know they may never return home once they do they will be less inclined to join . 
  secondly , you 're acting under the assumption that they should be let go . 
  i disagree with that notion , which is why i am suggesting locking them up for the rest is of their lives . 
  do n't care . 
  if you go to the middle east to rape pillage and murder you 're breaking quite a few laws and should certainly serve a prison sentence for that . 
  personally , i would suggest to just charge people joining isis with all of its crime , ie the ones joining it can then go spend the rest of their lives in prison serving multiple life sentences . 
  it 's the perfect solution : citizens = safe ; animals = behind bars . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32009r1007  ( 14 )  the fundamental economic and social interests of inuit communities engaged in the hunting of seals as a means to ensure their subsistence should not be adversely affected . 
  the hunt is an integral part of the culture and identity of the members of the inuit society , and as such is recognised by the united nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples . 
  therefore , the placing on the market of seal products which result from hunts traditionally conducted by inuit and other indigenous communities and which contribute to their subsistence should be allowed . 
  and  1 . 
  the placing on the market of seal products shall be allowed only where the seal products result from hunts traditionally conducted by inuit and other indigenous communities and contribute to their subsistence . 
  these conditions shall apply at the time or point of import for imported products . 
  the eu implicitly does that by allowing the trade of these products . 
  its up to the people trying to sell them to make said stamp explicit , which they absolutely can . 
  making the eu be the one to directly put on that stamp would be overregulation imo , since it would interfer with the marketing strategies of businesses . 
  no , its not . 
  the inuits products are not banned , after all . 
  the simple truth is that theres next to no market left for seal fur because public opinion at large is opposed to clothes made out of the material so theres not really any profit to be made from it . 
  welcome to the real world where market interests shift . 
  people that wish to compete need to be prepared to adapt to that .
