  the bailout programs were the recapitalization . 
  that 's the point . 
  you ca n't have one without the other . 
   oh , i do n't know . 
  maybe the $ ~ 260bn that has already been loaned to greece by the troika . 
  that would have been freely available while the banking sector was on fire and the economy everywhere would have suffered , and that no country would have invested into itself to represent the interests of its own people ( that would have been under severe pressure due to the previously mentioned further escalated economic crisis ) while greeks , spanish , portuguese etc. 
  were starving on their respective streets . 
   like magical candy stores , where everybody gets free cookies and gobstoppers wrapped in $ 50 notes . 
  what part of state bank do you find perplexing ? 
  the `` state '' or the `` bank '' part ? 
  the part where you 're burning down the economy for something that already exists and does not stop investment banks from existing and causing trouble . 
   here you disingenuously assume that state banks will only finance projects that are n't financially viable . 
  so , well done to you for conducting this exchange on the basis of bad faith . 
  no , here i assume that you 're trying to innovate and actually attempt to solve long standing issues instead of basically going back to he way it was before but doing more damage to the european economy and citizens in the process because `` muh banks '' . 
   then you proceed to equate state banks with communism , which tells me that you do n't know a whole lot about the latter but are great at concocting logical fallacies . 
  no , but the only way to make the system you are proposing change anything about the current situation is to essentially make the state bank the only bank , because otherwise all you 'll have are glorified savings banks which already exist and did n't change shit about the current situation . 
  you do realize that the legal ** theory ** ( an interesting word that you elected to completely disregard for some reason ) of odious debt is only something that powerful nations at times apply on regimes they overthrow , right ? 
  and you do realize that for greece to determine their debt as such in legal terms they would have to at the very least prove that they were actually a dictatorship . 
  and i mean a * genuine * dictatorship , not a democracy where voters just keep voting in idiotic governments . 
  greece could have defaulted , with all the repercussions of it . 
  but it could not have avoided said repercussions through the in this instance entirely irrelevant theory of odious debt . 
   socialising private debt does not serve the best interests of greece , or any european nation . 
  it serves the interests of private investors on wall st. , frankfurt , paris and the city of london . 
  private debt was made . 
  the options are defaulting or repaying it . 
  greece repaid it with the help of loans from the ez . 
  that 's what `` socializing the debt '' means . 
  that does not mean that no money was spent , it means that greece was given an opportunity to get its shit together instead of being forced to straightup default in the middle of an economic crisis . 
   instead of imposing austerity on greece , ireland , spain etc. 
  a much better option would have been to allow the banks to fail and use the trillions already spent on recapitalising these failed institutions to create a series of state banks with the explicit goal of funding infrastructure development and industrial projects . 
  so we would have a bunch of countries in the middle of defaulting while the banking sector is in flames , the economy is falling to pieces and as such loans are more difficult to get for everybody else . 
  and you want to * invest * money ? 
  pray tell , with what fucking money would you do that ? 
  also , just how exactly do you want to run these state banks ? 
  only financing things and not actually making a profit does not seem like a viable business model at all and seems more likely to be taken out of the economic school of communism , which does not exactly have a confidence inspiring success rate . 
  yes , the poor talking can be such a bother when trying to focus on the tragic plight of those that are better off . 
  and maybe the reason some romanians keep bringing it up is because they are making a good point while the highest upvoted response to it ( as of right now ) is someone telling them that it 's worse for those that are better off . 
  then you take away a countries right to have its own disputes and approaches to certain situations independently from the eu, 
  `` it 's easier for the poor since they 're already poor , think of the rich !! '', 
  this is basically what you 're sounding like . 
  now , mind you , greece is not rich or anything like that , despite being richer than romania , but that does not mean that romanians being rather annoyed at the greeks basically demanding free money from others to remain being better off than them is somehow `` quite irrelevant '' . 
  a big problem with the program are greek politicians though , although i 'm not sure if you t would 've worked if they had n't been in place . 
  you ca n't reform a public sector to be more cost efficient without making it possible to fire state employees , and you ca n't ignore tax evasion for 7 years in the middle of a crisis : / . 
  i 'd be quite curious to see how the current program would work with a competent greek government . 
  what do you call the already implemented sanctions against russia , exactly ? 
  and it 's a dumb idea because it would give member states the ability to unilaterally impose sanctions against any country without real fear of repercussion . 
  the problem is that doing so would violate the sovereignty of the debtor countries . 
  ultimately , the creditors can only really set certain target goals as conditions for loans and leave the specific implementation to the debtor nations . 
  given the current state of affairs a no vote likely does mean a grexit . 
  giving an honest and realistic estimation of the state of affairs is not propaganda . 
  or properly clean up the public sector , which is the biggest joke to date . 
  the ez demanded that greece reduces its public sector , greece decided to keep the legislation in place that made public servants impossible to fire , as a result shafted wherever they could instead of wherever it was reasonable . 
  now varoufakis is blaming the troika for only having a few hundred tax collectors available  .  . 
  because then you would need to find a way to define european interests and establish which electorates to fuck over in order to fulfill said european interests . 
  the way it is now each nation gets to represent their national interests and aspirations for the eu . 
  there is a very simple way to avoid their `` draconian '' ways : just do n't borrow money from them . 
  i swear to god , people always bitch about how evil and whatnot the imf is , but whenever a nation gets into trouble it is still where they will run . 
   cutting debt would be much easier for the ez if greece would n't be ruled by a left extremist party . 
  so either wait for tsipras to step down or see the greece economy go to hell . 
  no , the repercussions of giving a debt relief would honestly be too large to be risked by the creditor nations . 
  you would not be able to give debt relief without effectively opening the floodgates for further demands of debt relief of other debtor nations as well as potentially straightup fiscal transfers . 
  there is a lot to be said about debt restructuring ( adjusting maturity rates etc ) as a de facto debt relief without effectively removing the current legal boundaries to avoid the previously mentioned doom-floodgate-opening . 
  however , i suspect that the cart has been sufficiently rammed into the mud by now to make that scenario difficult to achieve . 
  it is not his domestic policy that is radically left , its his european one . 
  he is effectively arguing for the ez to become a transfer union without any significant centralized control over fiscal policies , a system that would both represent a drastic shift from the current state of affairs and would exclusively benefit poorer nations at the cost of richer ones . 
  that is pretty much the definition of radically left . 
   a more pragmatic way of thinking , that is spreaded widely especially in the anglo-worls ( therefore especially the british/us-economist sayin it . . ) is that every government spending is also the income of a citizen who will spend more money himself and so on ... so that the government can create demand and should make debts for that ... as you ca n't make debts forever , the common sense is to act anticyclic and spend in time of crisis and to cut the spending programs when a boom is there . 
  this is how it is done on a very wide scale and how most nations averted the crisis . 
  however , applying these measures actually requires the necessary funds to do so , hence , as you stated , it is applied in an anti-cyclical fashion . 
  the issue with greece is that it basically ran economic crisis/depression deficit spending during boom phases . 
  basically , if greece started heavy spending to fix their economic crisis their debt would escalate to the point where they would no longer be able to service it , in turn forcing a default and in doing so ruining whatever economic stimulus their spending provided and then some , making it an exercise in futility . 
  as such greece can not engage in such spending unless it is paid for by others . 
  this is ultimately at the heart of the issue : greece wants to employ deficit spending , however , to do so they need monetary transfers ( directly or indirectly ) from the rest of the eu . 
  however , the latter is not a transfer union and none of its member states desire it to become a proper one right now . 
  that is not a question of `` politicians thinking in terms of elections '' , it is simply one of the nature of the eu right now . 
  i personally think that a major problem of large portions of the left is that they have essentially become the new conservatives : they hold onto their set of values and almost shut themselves out from criticism of it , often rather looking for excuses to not openly discuss a topic or individual point and instead looking for labels to attach to their opposition to discredit them as a person and to feel justified in ignoring their argument . 
  in the end , this has the same effect as it has/used to have ( depending on where you live ) on traditional conservatives , their views are becoming more and more detached from reality . 
  in the end , this is going to drive more and more people towards the harder right , just like the die-hard conservatism a few decades prior drove more and more people towards the harder left . 
  it 's a governments job to institute , adjust or abolish laws as necessary . 
  if the failure to do so results in complications , as it did in this case , then the failure is the governments . 
  basically , no does mean a grexit . 
  however , said grexit would not be directly imposed by the german govt or the institutions . 
  the latter comment was made to address that point , not to claim that greece would not likely ultimately leave in case of a default . 
  i suspect that the latter statement was made in response to varoufakis claim that greece would explore legal routes should other eu countries try to kick them out of the eurozone . 
  there would be a grexit after a no vote . 
  unless the tsipras government decided to completely disregard the mandate handed to them in the referendum and accepted the eu deal or something incredibly similar to it regardless . 
  just because of the referendum the other eurogroup governments are not going to essentially cave in to tsipras ' demands . 
  at this point greece will be forced to default and print its own currency , meaning a grexit . 
  all that does not mean that the european governments intend to stop trying to negotiate with syriza , which is the sentiment the german government is expressing here . 
  it just means that the mandate handed to the greek government through a no vote will lead to a grexit if actually followed up on , meaning that voting no is in fact voting for a grexit . 
  in regards of the links you posted : the greek government seems to be trying to push a new bailout package , at least from what i 've seen on this topic so far , something that would never get through all the other european parliaments at this current time . 
  i 'm not really sure how that relates back to what you said o_o . 
  the imf/ecb can not control greece . 
  they can give them loosely-ish defined conditions to follow and that 's about it . 
  greece can follow these conditions and still fuck things up . 
  for example , i would suggest looking into how greece conducted the required reduction of the public sector : instead of identifying elements that would not be necessary and could be scratched they stuck to their law that public servants ca n't actually be fired , leading to cuts in the public sector being made wherever legally possible instead of wherever reasonable , in turn causing them to now severely lack tax collectors and the like . 
  yes . 
  a no vote most likely means a grexit , however , that wo n't happen at the hands of the other european governments but rather at the one of the greek one . 
  this statement here clarifies that a grexit is not the goal of the german government , regardless of the outcome of the referendum . 
  it as such does not contradict saying that a no vote is effectively voting for a grexit .
