  i 'm gon na mirror your overall sentiment here though , there 's plenty of room to fuck this up , so while i 'm pessimistic let 's hope they do n't !, 
  it means everything . 
  your argument was that germans do n't spend enough , driving down demand . 
  i 've shown you that that 's not the case as evidenced by the fact that we 're one of the largest consumer markets out there . 
  yeah , a trade deficit that does n't have to be in the eu . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  other eu countries have plenty of room for improvement in becoming more competitive . 
  it 's just that they have to enact reforms to make themselves more competitive , much like germany already had to do . 
   germany needs to move closer to the eurozone average for spending . 
  that would help people at home significantly ( more consumption ) and help stabilize the eurozone while it 's being reformed . 
  absolutely not . 
  the policies regarding spending of many eu countries are not working out . 
  joining in on shitty economic policies so that we can prop up failing economic structures for a bit longer while they drag their feet on reforms is an awful idea . 
  oh heaven forbid that someone uses fiscally responsible economic policies to oay off their debts . 
  would n't want to be like any of those successful countries now would we , better to spend spend spend and then whine when a crisis comes around and the government lacks the funds to actually deal with it . 
  and , again , germany is competing globally . 
  we 're not just exporting to or importing from europe . 
  so it does n't have to be a zero sum game as far as the eurozone is concerned . 
  just because germany does well on exports and hence enjoys prosperity and high unemployment does n't mean that every other eu country has to suffer , it just means that they have to work on their global competitiveness as well . 
  there are plenty of emerging markets out there to export to in the future , but countries have to become competitive enough to access them . 
  we 're the fourth largest consumer market in the world . 
  it 's not like our people are living in poverty and ca n't afford stuff . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_consumer_markets ), 
  we like having low unemployment . 
  maybe other countries should strive to have low unemployment too . 
  and none of that changes that we still have to compete with china as well as other emerging markets outside of europe . 
  there are countries outside of europe . 
  we actually have to compete with places like china if we want to keep out industrial base long-term . 
  that 's nice and all , but you 're not addressing my point . 
  again , what 's being proposed is a solution where countries get to freely underperform due to not tackling core issues of their economy and other countries get to pick up the tab . 
  and that 's not a solution that is in any way fair to the countries that have their act together . 
  the current situation does n't favor us because of magic or because or because of some god given nonsense , they favor us because we underwent painful reforms and made sure to engage in responsible fiscal decisions . 
  there 's no real reason that other european countries should n't be in a similar position if they made similar decisions . 
  look , i 'm all for balancing out purely geographical imbalances to create a more equal and fair union , but that 's really not what 's being proposed . 
  what 's being proposed is balancing out political differences where countries that managed to adapt to and succeed in the environment of the 21st century should pay for countries that have failed at doing so . 
  i really do n't see how that 'd be fair . 
  i do n't think that 'd work . 
  presuming you only want to react to crises and not implement a sneaky way for regular redistributions of wealth a fund is just not a good way of actually dealing with a crisis . 
  dealing with a crisis requires more flexibility than a fund can generally offer , as you 'd need to be able to mobilize significant quantities of wealth fairly quickly in some cases while not require any money for most of the time . 
  not to mention that you 'd open up several cans of worms on a political level to boot , as countries could easily be dissatisfied when the eu does n't bend over to their demands for money or when the eu spends `` their '' money to finance things they do n't think will work or disagree with and so on . 
  any way to reliably offer that guarantee would involve massive infringements on the sovereignty of eu member states , so i do n't think it 's realistic . 
  maybe if we can really move to centralize the eu , but i do n't see how that 's realistic for years upon years to come . 
  the one way i could see is to enable fiscal transfers between member states but where states are still free to refuse offering said transfers . 
  the overall situation would largely remain unchanged , so countries would still generally have to rely on themselves for their day to day activities , but we 'd gain access to a useful tool to help ward off crises and the like . 
  to be fair , that just means we do n't know whether polling was accurate since any discrepancy could be due to voters changing their minds during the blackout . 
  though it 's important to point out that we have n't seem pollsters be truly wrong yet . 
  iirc both brexit and trump were in or very close to the margin of error , it 's just that ~ ~ worthless activi ~ ~ totally legitimate statisticians decided to ~ ~ make up ~ ~ calculate things like clinton having a 98 % chance of winning which got picked up by ~ ~ even more worthle ~ ~ perfectly legitimate and professional journalists that proceeded to shower them in praise and bask in the glory of their victory two days before the election . 
  so in short , the polls are usually right and most likely were for the french election as well . 
  so there 's no real reason to assume that fn would be able to benefit from a polling error . 
  good leadership requires a bit of both . 
  sometimes you got ta make your population swallow a bitter pill , but doing so requires that you actually build up political capital beforehand . 
  basically , go by popular preference on things you do n't consider too important , and do what you think is necessary on things that you do . 
  it 's not like we 're having serious negotiations about federalization yet . 
  macron might kickstart those or he might not , we 'll see . 
  but you should n't expect germany to take the first step and start those talks , we 're doing great economically without federalization and if we did start those talks we probably would n't hear the end of 4th reich related allegations . 
  the way i 'd do it is by limiting the powers of the eu government to things limited specifically to how the state functions at an economical level while staying out of things related to culture or religion . 
  that way the eu would be focused on more universal issues where cultural/national lines are much less significant , so politicians would have to broadly appeal to voters across the entire eu to build a coalition , which would mitigate fears of smaller countries being drowned out . 
  because we 're essentially looking to create a new country if we go ahead with federalization , and we owe it to ourselves , our kids and their kids to make it one that 's actually beneficial and fair to us . 
  for example , i 'm very much in favor of federalization , but i 'm not interested in being part of a country where one part of said nation gets to make money while others get to spend it without any oversight by or ability of a central government to influence fiscal policies , and i 'm also not interested in my vote counting less than somebody else 's simply due to the very geographical lines we 're trying to make largely redundant anyways . 
  it depends on how powers are given up , i reckon . 
  for example , i do n't thnk germany would be willing to agree to transfer significant power to an elected body where the votes of our citizens count less than the votes of citizens of other countries . 
  i think individually a significant portion of the eu would be willing to give up power to an eu designed according to their wishes , but finding something that all can agree on is gon na be rough . 
  why would they be done ? 
  they 'd still be part of the government , and they 'd still be able to influence and push for legislation . 
  not every election needs to be a cynical game of becoming the most powerful , it 's perfectly legitimate to just be part of the government and focus on making your country the best it can be . 
  the spd understands that , which is why they 're willing to work with the cdu . 
   by that logic , the rest of the world should just sign out from every single american website or piece of software . 
  no , but you should probably expect them to be centered around american interests . 
  it 's not like it 's somehow their job to make all their shit interesting to us . 
  the same applies vice versa , of course , so they 're not entitled to have say a german website be designed to cater to their interests . 
  also , reddit is pretty nice about these things since you can costumize your experience to suit your interests . 
  if all you want is cats then you can make it so that cats is all you get . 
  idk , depends on turnout . 
  my google-fu is failing me on french turnout in previous elections right now , but i did find them for the murican ones , and unless i am mistaken every single election of theirs since 1904 was guaranteed to have the loser have less votes than abstentions . 
  god i hope not . 
  i 've seen enough history being made last year to last me a lifetime , i just want to go back to the boringness of shit actually running well . 
  you 'd have to first agree on what powers you 'd want to extend in the first place , which ends up leading to conflicting interests between the member states . 
  some member states are n't going to be willing to give up money unless they get a say on how said money is spent , for example , while others wo n't be willing to allow an infringement of their sovereignty , which is just one of many potential conflicts . 
  so sure , you can start talks on the subject , but unless you can come up with some model that every single member state will miraculously be able to agree to said talks just are n't gon na go anywhere . 
  honestly , we 're just lacking good alternatives . 
  the eu does n't have the power to actually have much of an economic model to begin with , and extending said power is not something we 're able to agree on due to various individual concerns . 
  i mean , factually speaking they 're not wrong in that the core reaon for these measures is to get people out of our countries . 
  it 's just that they 're acting like that 's somehow a bad thing ... 
  unless some religions are right they wo n't , sadly . 
  idk , all he seems to be doing is have some people write fake news and at times release a bunch of emails . 
  none of which is enough to hurt a healthy democracy . 
  so i really do n't see a reason to care about what he 's doing . 
  sure !, 
  how about we hold an eu wide referendum over it ? 
  i 'm confident i 'd be very happy with the results !, 
  also a stupidly toxic far left . 
  which just is n't an issue in france or most of continental europe really , which makes it much harder for trumpist messages to resonate . 
  you 're providing no evidence to support your claim and do n't even define your terms . 
  fascism to me is a system that necessitates a dictator ( and , as a result , the absence of free elections ) so none of the people on this new right are fascists as far as i 'm concerned . 
  that does n't mean i like or support them , but i 'm in no way convinced that calling them fascists is at all ok . 
  to be fair , he probably would 've done so either way because it 's politically convenient . 
  do n't think it matters either way though , i do n't think people would change their minds and switch to le pen if macron were revealed to have engaged in a bit of tax evasion . 
  after all , it 's hardly as if le pen 's hands are clean in that regard . 
  the worst it could do if it turned out to be true is convince a couple of people not to vote , and his lead is significant enough for him to not have to be overly bothered by that . 
  could part of that be that they 're just more reasonable than other right wing nationalist/populist parties ?
