  regardless , this whole situation has nothing to do with anyone being considered a `` second class citizen '' or anything like that . 
  this is ultimately a simple question of responsibility : under existing rules every eu memberstates is responsible for their own fiscal policy , something that is also enforced through the existence of a no bailout clause . 
  this is the union that the electorate agreed to join , as opposed to a not clearly defined one where some memberstates somehow become liable for others and sometimes maybe not . 
  if you want to see an actual change in that regard then what is required are much further reaching reforms that every member state can agree on . 
  before that , however , it is hardly unreasonable for voters to insist that the rules under which they joined are followed , particularly if their own nations financial interests are involved . 
  iirc japans debt is currently somewhere around 200 % of their gdp and last i checked they werent collapsing or anything like that . 
  as such using gdp to debt as an argument as to why greece can not repay their debt doesnt really work . 
  they could repay their debt with their current economy . 
  the things stopping them are corruption , lacking tax collection , a uselessly bloated public sector and all that good stuff . 
  that doesnt mean that its realistically repayable for greece considering the amount of cleaning up they would have to do compared to the time they would realistically have for it , but pretending that their debt is some kind of force that can not be repayed no matter what is simply wrong . 
  with 100 % tax compliance and without corruption greece would likely have enoug of a budget surplus to make some serious investments , as such your argument does n't really hold much merit in that regard . 
  regardless however , gdp growth is not the direct goal of achieving a at least close to balanced budget . 
  the point is to get to a point where the state is actually able to invest money again in order to allow for growth . 
  also , i do n't quite think you understand just how devastating an actual default would have been for greece . 
  it would take a lot to be worse off than that . 
  the gdp to debt ratio is also irrelevant . 
  what matters is whether the primary surplus is high enough to pay the debt obligations in order to avoid having to loan money to pay back loans . 
  that of course requires a reasonable state income , something that is extremely lacking in greece due to tax evasion and general corruption . 
  doesnt even have to be the average citizen . 
  40 % want more services and are okay with higher taxes , 40 % dont want higher taxes and are okay with the current services available , 20 % want both . 
  if voted independently from one another both proposals will pass with a 60 % majority , even though the majority of the citizens are n't morons who want low taxes and more services . 
  fair enough . 
  im not really sure how that is related to the discussion at hand ... 
  im not sure how much of that they did . 
  to me that seems more like a part of the utilizing unrest rather than creating it , essentially something to be done once theyve picked just where exactly they want to make their move . 
  russia didnt have to do much to create the initial unrests , throwing propaganda at them was all they really needed to do . 
  afterwards they could take their pick of the most useful one to support in order to achieve their goals . 
  yes , i am . 
  and theres no reason to use the quotation marks there , the combination of the political situation as well as russian propaganda has an easy time creating insurgencies , however , only the ones that really suited russia to support went anywhere . 
  except russia doesnt seem to want the entire east , russia seems to want a frozen conflict in order to keep the ukraine out of meaningful alliances and further turn it into a failed state . 
  if russia wanted the entirety of the eastern ukraine they would take it . 
  in case of a nuclear war id argue that europe in general would not really be a nice place to live anymore . 
  personally , id go to australia , china has not been acting like theyd join so far so that place should be reasonably safe . 
  this . 
  once they resolve all of their many internal issues and their conflict with russia is resolved we can ceratinly start negotiations on joining . 
  but in the current state the answer has to be a clear no . 
  i dont really agree . 
  its ultimately a question of values , not really cultures . 
  if you have shared values different cultures wont be a problem . 
  unless these settlements/camps literally are terrible enough to provide a genuine threat to the lives of the refugees or cambodia will politically persecute them thats not really a valid argument though . 
  the point of the asylum laws is to allow people to escape life threatening situations or political persecution and the like in their home country . 
  its not to go somewhere else to improve your economic situation . 
  germany adjusted its asylum laws sometime in the nineties , so by now its basically very similar to the current international law anyways . 
  i think theres also some really muddy situations involving china that may up becoming full blown wars eventually . 
  anyway , yeah , you generally wouldnt call these borders ill defined , though you technically could do so without being incorrect . 
  yes , though the severity greatly varies based on factors such as the size of the disputed territory , whether its inhabited , other factors regarding its value ( natural resources , geographical benefits etc ) and so on . 
  ... that has to be one of the dumbest things i 've read all day . 
  georgia 's borders are ill defined . 
  that 's a fact . 
  should we pretend reality does n't exist or something ? 
  they would have to resolve ongoing territorial disputes first . 
  there are military components to eu membership , which makes unresolved disputes a no-go in terms of joining . 
  yes , though i thought that was implied . 
  any nation that legally claims some territory while factually not holding it has ill-defined borders . . 
  basically , the problem is that any proposal that would actually favor greece to the point of realistically working from a purely economic point of view will have to involve a debt relief somewhere further down the line , simply because the current debt is not realistically payable . 
  however , as soon as you give one to greece the rest of the debtor nations will want one too , even if its only because its a very cheap platform to run on for populists . 
  however , politically speaking , the creditor nations of the eu can not afford to simply forgive debts for all debtor nations . 
  if this was a situation that only involved banks the situation would be much easier , because theres very little political ramifications to a bank giving debt haircuts . 
  however , the same sadly isnt true for countries , which is really the core of the current problems . 
  what `` natural order '' ? 
  youre not making any sense . 
  its simply a question of whether other nations ultimately find the cost ( both finanncial and political ) of letting greece default acceptable when compared to the cost of saving it . 
  under these circumstances i personally dont think saving greece is realistically possible unless something major shifts in greece itself . 
  you can always make it a long tterm debt slave as long as greek governments play along and dont default , sure , which is whats currently being done , but i dont exactly consider that saving a country . 
  doesnt have anything to do with political ideologies . 
  it has something to do with the fact that greece isnt the only country in the eu and not the only country in dire straits , as a result of which any decision regarding greece has a huge effect on the rest of the eu . 
  im also not claiming that the eu has come up with a realistic plan given the circumstances . 
  except its not a question of punishing , its a question of what works as a feasible solution and what does not . 
  i really dont get where this weird ass `` people want to punish greece '' narrative is coming from . 
  i have not once seen that as a motivation . 
  what i have seen is people being unwilling to give up their own countries money to save greece and people believing that greece can not realistically be saved so money shouldnt be spent on a futile attempt . 
  the current deal was not what caused the debt to become unrepayable and what wrecked the economy , irresponsible financial decisions combined with a banking crisis did . 
  outside of other countries effectively paying greeces debt the greek economy was going to get wrecked one way or another . 
   have you ever wondered why you are now outraged at our incompetent government you seem to be under the impression that i am `` outraged '' now ( im not ) and that i have not been annoyed at past greek governments ( i have ) . 
   the only government may i add which has presented a realistic alternative plan which was killed off due to it not being politically compatible with the ez 's opinions ? 
  by largely disregarding the current political situation . 
  any rescue plan has to be compatible with both economic and political realities . 
  otherwise its not realistic . 
  as such , no , the current government has not come up with a `` realistic alternative plan '' to the current crisis . 
  it 's not a failing of individual greeks , mind you , but a failing of greek society as a whole . 
  as a result of this * individual * greeks only had a choice between two shitty parties , however , this situation was still caused by a failing of the greek society * at large * . 
  this is not a question of individuals , its a question of whether greece as a whole can reform to a point where they wont keep voting for populists . 
  they were populist . 
  their platform was to increase public spending by amassing debt that was then paid by even more debt , always passing the hot potato of escalating debt over while trying to stay in office . 
  with a well informed population populist parties become unable to sustain themselves . 
  as such these two parties wouldve either not been the parties in government or would not have been populist parties . 
  they dont have to . 
  you will always find groups or people who will try to distill the information into an easily digestible format that will allow people to make an informed voting decision . 
  however , the population needs to actually listen to them in order to be able to make an informed decision , instead of populists that promise sunshine and rainbows while creating a catastrophic situation behind the scenes . 
  this is exactly where the greek population fell short which is what created the current situation and thats ultimately the thing that needs to change . 
  gdp to debt ratio isnt exactly relevant though . 
  what matters is primary surplus vs deficit generated by debt repayments . 
  as long as you generate enough of a primary surplus to keep up with the debt then the size of said debt is irrelevant . 
  no , greece got into a horrible spot because they amassed the most ridiculous debt relative to their income , something that would have ultimately collapsed on its own sooner or later . 
  also , you seem to be adapting history to fit your narrative . 
  several countries including portugal got into dire straits as a result of the banking crisis and required financial help . 
  the problem is that greeces issues far outweigh portugals as a result of their irresponsible financial policies . 
  as such , no , nothing would have continued until somebody else collapsed in the same way as greece did . 
  and before that they voted for incompetent government after incompetent government which is what caused their crisis in the first place . 
  that 's the core of the issue , because if that does n't change then there 's simply no helping them .
