  but usually immigration and tourism are beneficial to us . 
  there is serious doubt on whether the refugee influx we witnessed represents a net benefit . 
  as such , an argument can be made that any crime committed by them simply tips the scales against it more and more . 
  if we got nothing out of tourism , for example , or even already ended up losing money over it and we 'd have news stories about tourists committing crimes we 'd probably also question whether allowing tourists to come visit is actually a good idea . 
   the right-wing message has not been 100 % rejected and afd has been successful in shifting what 's normal . 
  it should n't be . 
  being critical of the media is not a bad thing . 
  being skeptical is n't either . 
  refusing to take media reports seriously and substituting your own made up nonsense is , but that 's not automatically what people questoning whether the media can be trusted are doing . 
   why is it top news if 1 migrant rapes someone when there are over 7000 rapes per year in germany ? 
  because it 's a rape that would n't have happened if we did n't let anyone in . 
  when you have an ongoing debate about whether to let certain groups of people into your country crimes committed by members of said group are absolutely relevant . 
  if the media did not report on such things then it could indeed be argued to be builty of not telling the truth and as such make a loss of faith in it justifiable , perhaps even reasonable . 
  that said , we do n't really have that problem in germany . 
  the media does by and large report on relevant stories and does practice self criticism , so less people have lost , are losing or are going to lose ( presuming current trends hold ) faith in the media . 
  the afd is looking to have access to less votes as a result simply because less voters will be receptive to their message . 
  it 's not quite as bad in germany because our media is n't garbage . 
  so long as journalists do n't randomly decide to become activists we 'll be fine . 
  nobody was charged or jailed for the crimes of other people . 
  being briefly inconvenienced as part of an attempt to maintain public peace is not the same as being held responsible for anything . 
  if we had some wide spread sexual assault problem within the general population , sure . 
  we do n't though , we have some specific groups , or just one group in this case , that has shown to have a sexual assault problem , and targeting them specifically to address said problem is perfectly reasonable . 
  i figured excluding solutions that will absolutely get us skullfucked by the international community was a given , but hey , whatever . 
  because amir can hop on a boat and you ca n't effectively protect a sea border . 
  a sign of an effective leader is that you do n't really notice them and things are pretty good regardless . 
  if you notice your leaders it means that there are problems that they need to tackle and that means that problems were allowed to come up in the first place . 
  also , in regards to her being a woman : people noticed . 
  people did n't and do n't care . 
  the only ones that would make a big deal out of it are the part of the left that are just kind of batty and they wo n't because she 's a conservative aka their hitlerdevil . 
  easing up on austerity is n't gon na happen . 
  austerity is the result of certain southern european countries being too broke to do anything else , a situation that wo n't change without fiscal transfers . 
  and fiscal transfers require fundamental changed in the eu , changed that most countries oppose as of right now . 
  also , i do n't want the left anywhere near the government . 
  those lunatics are as bad as the afd , they 're just left wing so people sometimes ignore it . 
   in this case it was the idea that jews had no reason to not feel european which nobody voiced . 
  some of the reasonably low number of terrorists caught alive just continued to go do propaganda once caught , using the courtroom to spread their message and their incarceration to spread the word of their martyrdom by hunger strikes or similar crap . 
  i 'd rather not give any of our own little freaks the opportunity to actually help their cause any more than they already have . 
  we have enough of a problem without the terrorists getting a living , breathing idol . 
  nah , at that point justice should come into play . 
  rehabilitation is nice and all , but imo you ca n't be a terrorist , kill people and have any hope whatsoever of having an actual life afterwards . 
  though i do believe that your legal reasoning is sound , as much as i dislike our justice system for it , which is why i 'm personally very happy that he 's dead now . 
  so we can spend money to allow him to continue to live ? 
  and give him access to a platform to spread his propaganda ? 
  nah , this seems way more practical . 
  though to be fair , i would n't blame them if they had . 
  tunisia as a country has more than enough problems to deal with and i can understand not wanting to add additional human garbage to them . 
  1783 was a mistake and i hold france , spain and the uk responsible . 
  yes . 
  the point is that you need to remain within strictly scientific borders when arguing though . 
  people that will gleefully declare how right they were about climate change while the air of smugness surrounding them suffocates all sentient life just because you happen to have a hot summer invite your opposition to do the same thing during a cold winter . 
  but more than half of that are the center left which are much more center than left and are already part of the government . 
  a center left coalition wo n't end austerity . 
  austerity is a result of the more well off countries not giving out money to the less well off ones , something that a center left german government would not challenge . 
  simple as that . 
  and whether the foreign policy regarding russia that the article proposes is wise is dubious at best . 
  we could just put the ones planning attacks that are asylum seekers in new `` housing '' that includes a barbed-wired fence . 
  would make life easier for our authorities . 
  also does n't require due process since they 're refugees and would n't technically be imprisoned . 
  to be fair , the anti-eu people fought for a referendum and ultimately won it , as much as we may not like it . 
  i feel like pro-eu people need to do the same , lobby and start building up grassroots support for a referendum to rejoin the eu ( do n't think staying in is gon na work without starting an annual referendum tradition ) and look to have and win said referendum in a couple years/decades time . 
  well , it depends on how far you 're willing to go . 
  guerilla warfare does n't work against brutal , indiscriminate violence . 
  after all , you ca n't hide among the civilian population if every civilian is a military target . 
  which is kind of the danger here , people throwing morals out the window for security and inflicting horrendous crimes in the process . 
  we need to prevent a `` war '' over this situation , not because we 'd lose , but because we 'd lose ourselves in the process of winning . 
  i agree with you that the only real way forward is cultural change and education . 
  but we need to start enforcing these things . 
  we need to stop being tolerant of all this middle eastern dark ages nonsense and make it clear that if you want to live here in europe you need to adopt european values . 
  right now are politicians are n't really doing anything about these issues outside of preaching tolerance and waiting for the populists to eat them , and thats how you end up in a horrible position . 
  and yet the leaders of member states are perfectly fine with working with other leaders with vastly different ideas . 
  the problem is not greece voting for leftist politicians , the problem is said leftist politicians trying to push a much more conservative crowd into bankrolling their leftist ideas . 
  surprise , surprise , the conservative crowd does n't think their ideas will work and hence refuses to bankroll them . 
  greece would have to default either way given how much debt it has , so the currency its in would n't matter too much . 
  printing their way out is simply not viable with the amount of debt they have . 
  though i agree that greece would n't be in this situation if not for the euro , given that participation in the currency union enabled them to engage in extremely unhealthy policies that led to their situation . 
  inflation would just murder them at that point , and it would only work for debt held in drachma . 
  at that point it 's just less devastating to just default . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are advantages to having your own currency , it 's just that they would n't realistically be useful to greece in their current predicament . 
  well , no , defaulting is how countries deal with being unable to service their debt . 
  printing their own currency matters after that because they 'll be hard pressed to get new loans with good interest rates , but if greece wanted to default they could simply start printing drachma again . 
  in fact , that was the alternative being talked about during the last major round of negotiations . 
  in the end , with the amount of debt greece has their options are default or bailout . 
  that would n't be different if they were still using drachma , except that a bailout would not necessarily be an option . 
  bankruptcy is a legal process that is unavailable to countries . 
  greece is no different in that regard . 
  colloquially it is used to describe someone not being able to service their debt , so it can be used as a synonym for defaulting in a casual conversation in the given context . 
  but if you wanted to be strict about it , bankruptcy is n't on the table as there is nobody to file it to and does n't have anything to do with being able to print your own currency . 
  countries defaulting on their debt has most certainly happened in the past , so i do n't think you have any idea what you 're talking about . 
  you ca n't always print your way out or a debt crisis , whether you control your currency or not . 
  we 're just rolling over the debt anyway . 
  finding a solution to assure sustainability is something that can be done at a later date , for now reforms and good relations with the rest of the eu need to be the focus . 
  greece essentially decided to take a dump on the latter while trying to pressure the rest of the eu into removing its leverage for the former , so the rest of the eu just is n't willing to put up with the current government anymore . 
  that 's not what hypocrisy means , and the official stance of the brittish government was support for remain in both cases . 
  it 's less about being leftist and more about being needlessly combative . 
  the current greek government has pissed off most other member states to the point of not wanting to deal with their shit anymore . 
  does n't change the fact that regions such as scotland and n. ireland can leave the uk if they want to . 
  scotland just had a referendum and voted to stay ... 
  you 're gon na need to apply the same due diligence if you 're gon na castrate someone and mark them for life , so it wo n't end up being cheaper . 
  particularly because they 'll generate additional cost by keeping your police busy for the rest of their lives as they 'll likely become a target for verbal and physical assault and because chances are that they 'll be on welfare forever because good luck finding a job if you have a tattoo on your face that tells everybody that you 're a kiddie diddler . 
  and the second option i pointed out is just a very cheap form of lifetime detention , so i 'm not really sure why you 're talking about lifetime sentences as if i had n't .
