  basically to the exact same place where we all right now , except that the ones actually leaving the eu and closing down their borders would be even more screwed . 
  thats also why theyre not doing that , because they are actually looking after their own self interest . 
  youre the ones that want to change things . 
  if your goal is to not actually change anything about the society you live in you may very well continue to talk about smashing the capital while actually supporting it . 
  `` eu money '' is not really much of a thing right now . 
  the eu is not a nation , its a union of nations that serve their own self interests . 
  outside of a certain rather smallish amount of money every nation gives to the eu their money is just that : their money . 
  its not european money since theres no european nation , and as such it should not and does not go to the european poor . 
  theres a difference between not eating and between supporting the very things one claims to be fighting . 
   they provided the kind of `` help '' that all economists at this point agree that nullifies or delays any economic recovery . 
  put two economists in a room and youll get three opinions . 
  claiming that `` all '' economists say something is simply inaccurate . 
   no-bailout rule when designing the euro , too high trade surpluses in germany , financial institutions made a lot of irresponsible bets during the boom ( you ca n't have an irresponsible debtor without an irresponsible lender you know ) and of course the focus on austerity instead of fixing the euro 's design issues post-crisis delayed and slowed down the recovery . 
  last i checked the irresponsible money lending was something that private institutions ( ie not under control of the government ) did and that governments got to clean up later . 
  a certain degree of austerity was and still is the right move . 
  this issue , as well as some of the euros design issues , might also be changed/fixed if we further centralize the eu but as it is right now alternative solutions are simply not viable . 
   it certainly was n't like that when germany and france first broke the deficit rules to provide stimulus for their economies . 
  or when germany was and still is violating the surplus limit rule . 
  or when france recently violated the deficit rule . 
  the smaller your country is the more mistakes you pay ( see cyprus ) . 
  the bigger the country is , you become exempt from any punishment . 
  because both germany and france fixed their problems themselves . 
  its not a question of being small , its a question of being capable of dealing with problems on your own . 
   that is indeed how the world works in the realm of international politics but you ca n't build a credible union of equal partners following that philosophy . 
  if you want an empire of small vassal states that are punished for the smallest transgression and big boss states that are immune to the rules , the only way to achieve that in the long term is through warfare , not diplomacy . 
  no one is being `` punished '' for the `` smallest trangression '' . 
  greece broke their own country . 
  other nations offered to bail them out if greece agreed to follow certain rules . 
  greece had and still has the power to refuse , just like every other eu country . 
   reforms for greece have been much stronger than for the other countries . 
  while the common narrative is that spain and portugal are becoming better , the damage that has been done in terms of brain drain and reforms will continue to make local people suffer . 
  it 's not like podemos is rising in the polls because everyone is getting happier there . 
  of course people face hardships when living in countries that face severe economic issues . 
  after all , that is a common theme all around the world . 
  the eu has in fact lessened the blow to the people living in those countries by actually providing financial help . 
  that doesnt mean that these countries are not getting better . 
   i am not sure he is asking for the `` fruits '' of other ez countries . 
  a lot of those fruits have come from the countless benefits that the eu has given to the northerners , from lifting export barriers to a weak euro that made germany competitive outside of the eu . 
  banks have been giving cheap credits to greece and have been bailed out with questionable loans that are now being carried on greek shoulders and subsequently . 
  while i am not denying the responsibility of past greek corrupt governments , a large part of the mismanagement lies on northern governments as well . 
  what `` mismanagement '' exactly came from the northern governments ? 
  they simply looked after and represented the interests of their own nations , which is reasonable considering that these are democracies and these governments were elected by the population of their respective countries to represent their interests . 
   good that you think no one deservers a second chance and no social support and has to pay for the past government 's mistakes . 
  would you take it further and say , greeks should be slowly eliminated for the sake of a better europe ? 
  slow down there , godwin . 
  and quite frankly people pay for past governments mistakes all the time . 
  thats simply how the world works . 
  i dont see why exactly this should be any different . 
  the people in favor of paying these reparations are in favor of just ignoring the law , so i dont really see the problem with ignoring it some more . 
  its not a question of not owning up to the past . 
  its a question of considering settled legal matters as , yknow , actually settled . 
  unlike japan , turkey or some other countries its not a question of germany pretending that atrocities in its past didnt happen , its a question of germany pointing out that the legal matter of wwii reparations has been settled and is as such no longer relevant . 
  war reparations are legal issues , not moral issues . 
  as such , if possible within the context of the law , they can be brought back a long time after any grievances occured . 
  the issue about this situation is that german war reparations are already settled so the legal matter is closed . 
  it doesnt matter who did what when , wwii couldve been five years ago and in the current legal situation the greek claim for actual reparations would not hold any more validity . 
  theyre already part of the eu , which comes with its own defensive commitments that also tie back in with nato . 
  theyre basically as close as you can get to nato membership without being an actual nato member . 
  west germany wanted to reunite though , which made the whole process a lot easier . 
  as of right now theres little indication that the crimean peninsula wants to reunite with the rest of the ukraine . 
  if the ukrainian government manages to successfully make themselves the more appealing candidate within a rather short time span ( theyve done a really bad job at it so far , so theyd have a lot to make up for ) we could possibly see a peaceful reunification but i really dont see that one happen . 
  i mean , sure , russia could collapse and the crimean peninsula could , again , be forced to be part of the ukraine but that seems like an even worse option . 
  the voice of the people living there should be what matters , not whether old men in suits that dont actually live there feel like this is their territory for some bullshit reason or another . 
  more suicidal seems to be about right . 
  putin rode a campaign based on hostility towards russias neighbours and hypernationalism to great public approval . 
  it is likely that anyone who would desire to take his spot would feel compelled to turn putins aggressive behaviour up a notch in order to solidify their power . 
  another theory is that several people knew that he was dying . 
  but stalin was also executing people left right and center because he was one paranoid bastard in the end so they just decided that acting like they hadnt seen anything was the better way to go . 
  in good old russian tradition my money is on him having a stroke . 
  germany doesnt control greece . 
  greece is free to default at any time . 
  however , greece is not entitled to receive money from germany , or anyone else for that matter , simply because theyre broke . 
  if greece wants said money then the nations giving it to them are fully entitled to add conditions to the whole deal . 
  thats all that is happening really . 
  not giving other people money is not kicking them out though . 
  greece can remain part of the eu and the eurozone for as long as they please . 
  however , without further money chances are theyre screwed and wont be able to provide most public services anymore if they keep the euro , which likely means that theyll have to quit . 
  especially considering that global events such as a world cup are great ways to actually help a country combat racism since you get a huge influx of people of foreign cultures in at once which can serve to get rid of harmful stereotypes . 
  this really seems like yet another attempt to somehow wield the world cup as a policital weapon , which is frankly disgusting . 
  could we keep sports and politics seperated please ? 
  the only question that should matter is whether holding the world cup in russia causes some form of huge direct harm to people , like holding the one in 2022 in qatar does . 
  indeed . 
  finally a propaganda war i could approve of o_o . 
   here you go friend . 
  appreciate it . 
  the crackdown on the press is indeed rather dire . 
  i knew that there was some crackdown on localized printing press , but was not aware of one on broadcasted media . 
  certainly something that should have been different . 
   international vote monitors are used precisely because they are independent of any one nation or entity . 
  they are unbiased . 
  if they refuse to go to a referendum , even when they want to make a `` political statement '' ; it is the fault of the nation that invited them for giving them such an excuse . 
  as they are a supposedly unbias entity , they have therefore decided that the nation that invited them does not warrant the authority to hold such a referendum . 
  making it illegitimate . 
  no seperatist region that would desire independence without the consent of the government of the country they are currently a part of will ever hold that authority . 
  as such neither this nor the 1994 referendum were legitimate under these parameters . 
   i do not see how , in anyway ; ukraine or the eu could be blamed for russia 's invasion of crimea . 
  i agree . 
  and if the invasion part is the isue then that is perfectly justified . 
  however , if your beef is with how the referendum was executed then you need to factor in that both the ukraine and the eu did quite a lot to ensure that that referendum would be as bad as it was . 
   that has no implication on the fact they where not present and there was no opposition media .
