  i 'm also not sure why you 're accusing me of `` jerking [ myself ] off to [ my ] revenge fantasy '' . 
  i 'm responding to a revenge fantasy by pointing out that you might as well just get it over with if you 're not looking for rehabilitation instead of coming up with complicated designs . 
  i 'm not actually endorsing a revenge fantasy in any way . 
   where guilt is not in doubt , chemically castrate this walking cancer , then put him to ten years of unpaid labour , with every cent he would earn going to his victim , then give him a permenant facial tatoo and put him on a public register . 
  if you 're gon na make it a lifetime punishment just shoot him in the head or reinstate the oubliette , cheaper that way . 
  not like they 'll ever be a productive member of society with what you 're suggesting . 
  like i get that you do n't wan na rehabilitate them , which is an opinion you 're entitled to , but i do n't get why you wan na burn that much money on cruelty rather than just applying a cheap solution . 
  our pharmacists ca n't prescribe antibiotics . 
  which can be quite a pain . 
  plus i 've yet to meet a general practitioner that actually hands out antibiotics . 
  the one time i got any was when i had a middle ear infection that made my general practitioner go pale upon taking a look , and i had to go visit a specialist after just to get the prescription . 
  either way , the guy you 're responding to is probably full of crap about `` eating lots of antibiotics '' , we do n't hand them out like candy over here , quite the opposite in my experience . 
  our pharmacists ca n't prescribe antibiotics . 
  which can be quite a pain . 
  plus i 've yet to meet a general practitioner that actually hands out antibiotics . 
  the one time i got any was when i had a middle ear infection that made my general practitioner go pale upon taking a look , and i had to go visit a specialist after just to get the prescription . 
  either way , the guy you 're responding to is probably full of crap about `` eating lots of antibiotics '' , we do n't hand them out like candy over here , quite the opposite in my experience . 
  nah , free speech is more important than some grievances with russia . 
  plus it helps to get their spin on things as well , makes for a more balanced discourse . 
  though on an unrelated note , can we all go laugh that 1.22 billion roubles are only worth 18mio euros ? 
  it seems pretty necessary to give a student that refuses to participate the worst grade possible . 
  one may question whether sports should be a class , but if it is then students do need to participate . 
  and terrible news for anyone that thinks she 's insane . 
  dear media , can you stop being worthless and retarded lying sacks of shit for like a year or something so we can try to not have the eu die ? 
  literally all it takes is to do your job , report the news and not try to fight some retarded culture war that nobody really wants and that you 're losing horribly . 
  so germany is responsible for lacking tax collection , corruption , failing bureaucracy , incompetent governments and so on ? 
  because those are the things that brought greece down . 
  it 's not that the trade surplus ca n't be talked about , though i do n't see how it can be used to excuse the failings of other member states given that the eu internal one is actually pretty harmless and that a smaller eu external one would n't really have much of a positive impact either way , but blaming a plethora of internal issues on germany comes across as entirely nonsensical . 
  that would be a viable argument if his `` tirades '' were factually inaccurate or targeted at nations already on the right track . 
  they 're not though , they 're targeted at countries that need to make changes . 
  it 's not like things would be perfectly fine if he just stayed silent . 
  as such , it 's not his job or within the interest of his constituents to coddle the markets or these countries because the facts wo n't change if he does , and change is necessary . 
   what is in the best long term interests of the eu concerning greece ? 
  also , greece joining the euro was n't exactly leniency , it was criminal negligence . 
  a united states of europe with a somewhat centralized fiscal policy . 
  redistributing wealth within a single country is fairly simple and normal , and so long as the people in net contributer areas have representation within the net benefactor areas through the central government there 's usually no problem . 
  the problem right now is that the political will for that just is n't there . 
  greece is n't helping with that btw , considering that the current greek government both wants debt relief and for the eu to stay out of their business entirely . 
   i would n't have trusted the thiefs in our government back then with my wallet , i find it curious that the german government had heard none of it when it was doing business with them . 
  trust is a strong word . 
  the eu is built in part on the principle of solidarity . 
  if a cou try asks for help we ca n't just say `` no , we do n't trust you , go fuck yourself and leave the eu '' . 
  all we can really do is use said help to leverage some reforms , but we ultimately ca n't say no . 
   is it crazy to say that maybe germany should show some leniency towards greece ? 
  have n't they been through enough ? 
  maybe do it before mainstream greeks ask themselves why they continue to suffer german austerity for a project that is at an all-time-low . 
  yes . 
  if greece wants to leave they can , but their people should be aware that leaving will objectively be worse than staying . 
  it 's not like greece is this model country that is only held back by evil evil debt . 
  they were given significant help to enact reforms to get back on their feet and they have struggled to follow through with that . 
  heck , in their last election they voted for a government that essentially ran on a platform of the rest of the eu bankrolling them and otherwise leaving them alone to deficit spend to their hearts desire ( ie the exact same shit that got them into this situation in the first place ) . 
  i do n't see him `` talking shit '' , as you say . 
  he 's voicing well warranted criticism and has a consistent and clear stance regarding his expectations of eu member states . 
  that is perfectly desirable . 
  maybe some countries should work harder to get their shit together rather than whine at foreign politicians saying that they need to get their shit together . 
  more like a funeral at this point . 
  just look at the german left , we can give them a majority and they still wo n't be able to form a government . 
  at the same time , the labor party in the uk comes across as pretty much cut off and brexit happened , hollande 's approval ratings are floating somewhere around the single digits and the american left lost to a rich guy that took up politics as a hobby and spends his time shitposting on twitter . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  that last point is really the main thing . 
  there are a bunch of problems with granting `` real '' debt relief , but there are more than enough measures that can be taken to effectively erase some of the debt and/or simply make the debt perfectly sustainable , which would 've been the point of debt relief in the first place . 
  but that requires political capital , and that requires a government that sheds a favorable light on greece . 
  or at the very least one that is n't batshit insane like the last one , which basically demanded that the rest of europe fund a socialist adventure . 
  eh , i do n't know enough about all our laws to make a statement on europe as a whole either . 
  anyway , i think private donations need to be very limited . 
  you usually need some of them to be able to kickstart a party or individual campaign , but you need to make sure that rich donors ca n't force party policy . 
  i do think we 're doing a somewhat decent job of that in many places across europe though , at least when compared to places like the us . 
  as far as well paying jobs after being in office goes i do n't see how to prevent that though . 
  sure , you could probably ban politicians from taking up any work in the private sector for a certain time after their tenure in office in exchange for a continued government salary but people interestd in getting favors from them will still find ways to rub their backs . 
  how are you even going to legislate that ? 
  are you going to ban family members from owning companies or charities ? 
  that does n't seem realistic . 
  i think the best way to deal with these issues is to have an informed population that is going to fight against shady dealings within their politicians and not vote for suspect candidates . 
  in a similar vein , i do n't think that more and more laws are going to prevent a population from making dumb choices , it 's just that their dumb choices may look different . 
  to use an of course entirely hypothetical example , imagine a population that let 's an election come down to a choice between a rich person that handed his business over to his immediate family and a politician with an immediate family that runs a charity with their name directly attached to it that gets ludicrous amounts of money from foreign interests and private actors . 
  do you really think that a population that lets it come down to that is gon na make smart decisions when voting with a few laws in place that keep them from making choices that are obviously bad in the first place ? 
  do you mean punish by public opinion or punish by law ? 
  i 'm down for punishing by public opinion to some extent , in that people generally should n't vote for politicians involved in potentially shady activities involving privately run businesses or charities , but i do n't think the law should be involved . 
  i 'm not arguing in favor of stricter regulations . 
  just pointing out what i consider somewhat questionable behavior . 
  that said , `` handing over '' a business or charity or whatever does n't really mean much . 
  chances are that trump is still gon na be very influential in his business ( or at least can be if he wants to be ) and the conflict of interests that being a president and being involved in a business at the same time is n't eliminated because his daughter or kids or whoever are officially running the show now , for example . 
  i agree to some extent . 
  former politicians running a charity is great , but i think having the family of a current one run one with their name attached to it run a major one comes across as a bit iffy . 
  not only can it be seen as a way to increase brand recognition which may very well have tangible effects on political capital and fundraising efforts as well as certain private efforts ( such as rich people being more interested in hearing them speak , opening up the possibility of more revenue for private speeches ) but it can also be seen as a way to essentially buy access to the family and hence politician in question . 
  none of these justify going on wild conspiracy runs or assuming all of this to be considerations they made or continue to make . 
  it 's perfectly possible that the clintons just decided that they wanted to do some good in the world and figured that this charity was the best way of doing so . 
  still , the potential for rather questionable motivations and activities makes it a worthwhile topic to discuss , particularly now that the ` muricans voted and there 's no real problem with the public opinion of clinton going to the shitter anymore . 
  nah , it was a thing . 
  it 's just that merkel got a decent enough handle on things , so a lot of people no longer see an apparent need to switch to drastic measures . 
  those numbers are n't accurate . 
  i do n't think they account for people who could vote but do n't care enough to do so , which is going to be the case for a lot of the people that are well integrated and as a result do n't really view themselves as turkish/don ' t care too much what happens in turkey . 
  as such , they automatically favor people with more of a turkish nationalist streak and erdogan supporters , since they 're particularly invested and will bother to show up to vote . 
  why not ? 
  i mean , not on citizens beyond verbally condemning certain views which imo is fair game , of course . 
  but i do n't really take issue with weeding people with views that i do n't really want to have a place here out during the immigration process , for example . 
  the best i 'm telling you . 
  hmmmm , i think we 're gon na have to agree to disagree there . 
  the way i see it essentially dodging the issue by emphasizing the naming point leads to the underlying problems not actually being resolved while also breeding further resentment , which in turn just makes the situation worse . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with you about it being more of a line in the sand , my point is that it 's not a particularly good one .
