  for example , an australia style system for dealing with the current migration crisis would fill all of the criteria you propose in regards of being a superior solution . 
  the people in charge , however , do not want to implement something like that , leading to premature suggestions for policies that individual electorates and nations end up disagreeing with . 
  the same goes for the greek crisis : the only real reason that a grexit is not happening is idealism of what certain politicians want the eu to be , and that sentiment is causing european taxpayers to lose billions upon billions of euros . 
  after all , from a purely rational perspective there are no obligations to greece , and giving money to it is not going to yield any net benefit to the rest of the ez , which is as of right now supposed to be a * mutually * beneficial union . 
  what this all comes down to is this : pan european interests are often not used as what is best long term for all of europe , but rather as an expression to describe the visions of some politicians . 
  these vision are something that nobody is obligated to agree with , which is why not everybody agrees with them . 
  the job of elected representatives is to represented their countries as best as possible , and if the majority of their country does not share their vision then they should either follow up on what their respective people want or step down instead of trying to force their vision on others . 
  your argument in favor of pan european interests has merit once said interests are defined as , as you put it , rationally , practically and scientifically better and not as idealistic dreams . 
  as it is right now , however , that is not the case . 
  this particular rule was implemented exactly to avoid nations paying other nations bills in order to `` solve problems '' . 
  the point is to ensure that member states are responsible for their own financial households , including all consequences attached to that . 
  just because a particular memberstates now feels the full brunt of these consequences is absolutely no reason to abolish this principle . 
  the rules do a lot to solve the current situation : they provide a very clear red line that will not be crossed . 
  it is up to the greek government to determine whether they can work within said red line , or whether they need to leave . 
  except theres rules in place that state that no , it is not the job of the other memberstates to do so , and they are in fact not allowed to . 
  you also have to consider the rich people benefitting from the corruption , who will not be interested in the status quo changing , creating an even stronger political conflict amidst the current military one . 
  i 've never really heard of anyone accuse the french of being a bunch of sjws , quite the opposite in fact o_o . 
  do you , perchance , have a link somewhere where the devs of ffxv said that , i am actually quite curious as to what the argument is . 
  also , just to be perfectly fair , it 's only * some * insane sjws that bitch about lesbian sex scenes in movies . 
  the only real consensus between sjws that i could identify as largely representative of them is that men and white people are varying degrees of bad , everything else is subjected to severe differences of opinion depending on whatever particular brand of crazy you are dealing with . 
  there is a difference between representing a country as elected president of a democratic nation , and between speaking for a whatever large group of people . 
  the latter requires their continued agreement/consent , while the former requires to win a vote that takes place in regular intervals of a length determined by the constitution of the country . 
  now , hollande is the elected representative of the french people and functions in that capacity . 
  that does however not mean that he speaks for all of them , ie that his opinions are their opinions and vice versa . 
  in fact as polls indicate he does not speak for the overwhelming majority of the populace . 
  this means that the relations between his government and other governments are not representative of the relationship of the people of france with another government , or with another people . 
  and since the people are ultimately what makes the country and not their elected government that they will have to wait for a bit longer to get rid off due to the inherent and necessary inflexibility of democratic systems on that matter hollandes government creating a rift with other governments does not necessary translate to france as a country having a rift with them . 
  he does not represent them even now , because as it is right now , the french public overwhelmingly disapproves of him representing them , as indicated by the approval ratings . 
  as such his word does not qualify as speaking for the french public , but only for his own administration . 
  any rift between governments does as such not become a rift between the people and , following that , does not automatically translate into one between the countries . 
  i do n't really like people claiming some divide between france and germany . 
  there is a divide between hollande and merkel , sure , but given the gutter-state of the french presidents approval rating i really do n't feel like he actually represents france at this point . 
  basicaly , the second greece defaulted on the imf debt and as such removed the second bailout agreement from play merkels hands were tied . 
  at that point she needed to create a deal that all ez national parliaments could somewhat sign , at least if she also wanted to keep up the democratic integrity of the ez . 
  doing that meant also involving nations that are taking a much sharper stance on greece , such as finland . 
  having to effectively represent all of their interests in the negotiations would inevitable lead to a heavily punishable deal . 
  i honestly do n't see how she could be blamed for that : greece could have had much better access to better terms if they had kept going along with the second bailout agreement instead of crashing that , pissing off most of the rest of the eurozone and then immediately beg for a third bailout package . 
  that 's just really , really bad politics and i honestly do n't see how much more can be done in that instance . 
  as are the eu countries . 
  it 's just that the imf in particular expects the eurozone to change its rules while they want to keep theirs the same . 
  northern europe is not neoliberal though . 
  its just a dumb buzzword that that the hard left likes to throw around instead of actual arguments . 
  which also means a central government . 
  greece wants both monetary transfers and full sovereignty which just isnt viable . 
  a really weak currency would be terrible for greece , given how much they import compared to exporting . 
  greek products are not all of a sudden going to become hot sales just because they 're a little bit cheaper , and on the contrary imports will barely become affordable . 
  honestly , purely economically speaking greece should not be in a bad position in the euro : they could export food into the eurozone , as such not at all being influenced by the strong currency because they export partners use the same currency and make a good income with their strong tourism aspect . 
  in addition , they 're in a reasonably good spot geographically and could most certainly make use of their ports to generate decent revenue through shipping . 
  the issue is that decades of horrible management have left greece in a position where it is basically fucked . 
  making that a euro only issue is simply false . 
  austerity are not entirely reforms . 
  reforms are , for example , fixing tax collection which has not been done whatsoever . 
  or actually cleaning up the public sector , rather than removing whoever you can without changing the law . 
  greece is pretty unique in regards to being the weakes link , both in terms of debt load and in terms of unwillingness to implement necessary reforms . 
  no country is going to invest in greece anyway without substantial reforms and significant stabilization of the internal political situation . 
  as such , until reforms are implemented debt restructuring is irrelevant . 
  on top of that , an agreement to organize debt restructuring talks once said debt is due will have very similar effects on willingness to invest . 
  also , do n't expect some form of debt transfer into relief action to be taken . 
  there will likely be bailouts with increasingly harsh conditions attached to them , but that 's about it . 
  the last few months and years have seemingly convinced electorates that the only way to get greece to reform is to put a gun at its neck and on top of that most of them really do n't feel like showing kindness at this point , particular after the way syriza conducted itself . 
  he had put himself into a position where nothing was convenient for his career anymore . 
  he can default without actually having a proper grexit plan causing greece to most likely become a failed state , or he can cave to the creditors demands . 
  but they may willingly refuse to do unpopular reforms that are necessary to repay the debt , knowing that they will get a debt relief anyway . 
  we would need rules in place to avoid that , however , if we give greece a debt restructuring now when they have basically done next to nothing in the way of reforms we could hardly be able to do that . 
  the way i see it debt restructuring is something that should be talked about once the debt is actually due and once once necessary reforms are in place . 
  then we can properly analyze just how much of the debt can currently be repaid , have that repaid and then push back the rest . 
  theres not a lot of bank based loans left , the rest are the imf , the ecb or other european governments . 
  the thing is that neither the imf nor ecb debt can be forgiven at this time , meaning the only debt that can be manipulated ( likely just pushed back heavily to not directly violate ez regulations ) is the debt from the rest of europe . 
  however , that debt does not mature until 2022 or something like that , meaning that austerity right now is basically unavoidable . 
  personally , i would argue that further debt restructuring should be discussed whenever the relevant debt comes up . 
  anything else is just throwing away leverage , something that does not seem to be advisable given greeces current track record with actually implementing reforms . 
  as a sidenote , a marshall plan style measure represents a huge investments that is most certainly not going to fly with the rest of the member states . 
  it is likely that greece will get some grace period on the debt sometime in 2020 , however , it will have to use said period wisely and likely without much foreign aid . 
  as such it is vital that necessary reforms have been implemented before then , meaning now . 
  not entirely . 
  it rejects some parts of keynesian economics , however , being prepared to spend in times of crisis to provide stimulus is not something that ordoliberalism directly opposes . 
  it 's just that it will not directly prop up businesses but rather spend money to temporarily provide a stronger environment for commerce to balance out the crisis . 
  not that it matters too much , given that germany is not actually run by ordoliberalism , but hey , i figured i 'd clear that up . 
  none of those directly oppose keynesian economics afaik . 
  yes , it does . 
  what else do you call saving up in boom phases and then blowing money into the economy during times of crisis , which is exactly how germany managed to deal with the banking crisis . 
  just because germany does not throw money at countries that fundamentally failed to perform keynesian economics by not creating the necessary buffer , does not mean that germany does not follow them . 
  because otherwise we are going to be miserable long term . 
  we still have a very large amount of debt that will screw us over if we do n't have a significant buffer before the the next crisis or phase of recession hits . 
  fundamentally keynesian economics - and i mean real keynesian economics , not the bullshit v-man and co are trying to argue for - demand that we save up now to get ready to spend the next crisis or recession away , so that 's what we do , and in fact that policy is what allowed us to walk away from the banking crisis almost unscathed . 
  voting in parties that make you feel great leads to deficit spending in boom phases , which leads to becoming greece . 
  dont forget `` the drachma awakens '' . 
  this is politics . 
  a politicians job is mainly to keep the peace , to keep the voters happy , to maintain international relations and so on . 
  in turn , they have advisors who are competent in specific fields and who help politicians make good decisions . 
  while this is counterintuitive at first glance , having people who are good at talking at the front while having their actions guided by experts in the background does make a whole lot of sense , after all you want to convince people and you want to come to agreements . 
  technically being right alone simply ends up not doing that . 
  if you want to win an argument on an economic level in politics it needs to be done through well thought out texts that the politicians advisors will read . 
  use the speeches to make a good impression , use the written word to win the argument . 
  to me it seems that what vman did was try to argue complex economics with politicians , which is doomed to fail . 
  yes , they need to be replaced with fire proof housing ^ tm . 
  which means that there 's enough concrete between houses ( purchased from and built by german companies , of course ) to avoid to avoid fires spreading throughout a neighborhood in order to strongly limit the amount of damage a fire can do . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the referendum was only about that one specific proposal . 
  that had already expired at the time and was as such not really relevant .
