  that the spd never actually `` won '' an election ? 
  that a person that is running to become prime minister or chancellor does n't actually win when they become prime minister or chancellor when the majority of the representatives of the people in their country vote for them ? 
  because that does n't really make sense . 
  the rules of the game dictate that somebody needs a majority of the votes of the representatives of the people to become pm or chancellor . 
  ergo , whoever gets those votes ( wherever they may come from ) wins within the framework of provided by these rules . 
  that is assuming that him and merkel do n't already agree with one another . 
  it 's perfectly possible that he 's working out deals with merkel behind the scenes and uses his more aggressive tone to get other countries to fall in line . 
  coalitions are part of the game in a parliamentary system . 
  hell , based on your standards we have n't had a winner in a german election yet , given that evey single government and chancellor we 've had so far has been part of a coalition . 
  so yes , she absolutely did cross the finishing line based on any reasonable definition of winning in a parliamentary system . 
  and no , she did n't accomplish her personal or her parties goals . 
  but as previously pointed out , you can most certainly win without accomplishing what you wanted to . 
  that does n't mean that you lost the actual contest you were participating in , a disappointing victory is still a victory . 
  her or corbyn 's feelings on the matter are irrelevant . 
  what matters are facts , and the facts say that may is pm . 
  if you run a race agains somebody you can be as dissatisfied as you want to with your individual results , but as long as you cross the finish line before anybody else does you 're still the winner . 
  same goes for elections , the tories may be unhappy about losing seats , but in the end they 're still part of a coalition with enough votes to make their candidate pm . 
  yes he did . 
  winning in this context is defined by becoming pm . 
  otherwise people rarely win elections in parliamentary systems as coalitions are in most cases required to form a government . 
  possibly , particularly going forward as the looming threat of communism has disappeared and countries do n't have a common enemy to face anymore . 
  i think it 's actually likely that european peace is going to be considerd one of the great achievements of the eu in a couple of decades . 
  but i just do n't think that the eu had a chance to prove its worth in that regard yet , so i do n't really think we can call it an achievement right now . . 
  i 'm not sure if that applies . 
  post wwii history does n't lend itself to a massive european war that does n't involve some sort of conflict with russia , who is not an eu member . 
  so i 'm not sure how much if any of that peace can be attributed to the eu rather than the geopolitical situation we 're in . 
  i 'm not really sure how this translates to their opposition to varoufakis though . 
  i generally agree with your analysis in regards to why greece ended up being generally screwed in negotiations , but i fail to see how the complaints about varoufakis fit into the picture . 
  it 's not like tsipras could n't have gotten somebody else to represent the exact same position during negotiations after all , so i 'm not sure what basically accusing v. of incompetence would actually accomplish unless he was in fact incompetent . 
  nothing i could think of , actually . 
  and it 's not like countries never disagree with germany or german politicians , so i 'm not sure why sch\u00e4uble / the german government would have this much clout in this specific situation when that same clout did n't turn out during , for example , the refugee crisis . 
  no , it would n't be because these lenders are nations led by democratically elected leaders rather than banks . 
  in a normal situation a bank would lighten terms to at least get some of their money back . 
  however , the political leaders in question do not chase profits so much as they are focused on their poll numbers as well as their macro-vision for their own nations or the eu . 
  if their budget has to take a comparatively small hit by letting greece default in order to avoid dropping in the polls they will . 
  and if they have to do the exact same thing to not present a precedence for the eu becoming a transfer union the same applies . 
  they could still bully is simply by virtue of being the current global hegemon , a position the eu as a whole would have to challenge . 
  if they want to mess with us they can , and spending money just to make them change the way they do it seems pointless . 
  it 's not a question of being liked for doing it , it 's a question of getting something out of it . 
  right now there 's no tangible benefit to having a stronger military given that we would n't actually get to use it to our benefit . 
  america on the other hand does benefit from having a powerful military presence , which is why it is worthwhile for them to maintain it . 
  they 're not in a leadership position out of the goodness of their heart but because it benefits them . 
  in the end taking on more responsibility basically anywhere to the sound of continued bitching from basically everyone else does n't really give us anything and just causes a headache , so we 're not looking to do it . 
  it 's a mixture of a comedy and a news show , and to many laughing at misrepresented arguments and bullshit in general is n't funny . 
  more like `` until he said something i knew was nonsensical on a topic i actually knew something about '' . 
  see , the thing is that his show requires you to take him at his word , unless you 're already well versed in whatever he is discussing . 
  and if you are you will often find that there are inconsistencies which in turn cast doubt on whatever topics he covers that you know very little about . 
  that 's why say the gamergate segment hit pretty hard on reddit , since a lot of people on here had some degree of knowledge on the subject as it was heavily discussed and relevant , whereas other things he covered at the time were much more obscure in nature . 
  so another `` populist turns out to be a total moron '' - situation ? 
  color me shocked . 
  there 's hard brexit and soft brexit . 
  even if he felt the need to respect the results of the referendum despite disagreeing with them , he could absolutely campaign on working out a deal that grants the uk single market access which also means keeping the four freedoms intact . 
  however , he instead chooses to also back what effectively amounts to a hard brexit by committing to dropping the freedom of movement , something that the eu has clearly stated would cost britain single market access . 
  corbyn used more flowery language , but in the end i do n't see why there 'd be a different brexit regardless of whether he or may would be pm . 
  and a hard brexit is not what people voted for , they just voted for brexit while the details were to be worked out by the individual parties . 
  your defense of him is frankly not based on facts . 
  sadly , the second part at least is nonsense . 
  brexit had a depressing amount of backing , and leftist anti-eu sentiments were and very much are a thing across europe . 
  it is and was not just a small minority of `` nationalist zealots '' , but instead a sizeable portion of the population that ca n't just be ignored . 
  also , particularly labour supporters should probably shut the fuck up rather than being smug given that their 2015 plans also included what effectively amounts to a call for a referendum , since they claimed that they would call for one in response to any further centralization of power on the side of brussels , while further centralization of power was an is necessary , predictably going to happen and a natural part of the whole `` ever closer union '' thing . 
  that would n't help . 
  the saudi regime is actually by and large more liberal than the country itself , but the people living there are batshit insane and they 'd go for their heads if they stopped enforcing islamic law or stopped its spread . 
  and because saudi arabia has a ton of oil they 'll always be rich , even if ruled by completely crazed fanatics which would be even worse, 
  neither are other countries . 
  since you decided to single out germany for some reason or another , the statements of our government regarding same sex marriage are perfectly in line with our existing legal framework . 
  the same goes for china , it 's just that they 're less progressive . 
  so i have no idea why you 'd prefer them , unless you just hate gay people and china is the most anti gay out of all the remotely realistic candidates for taking over the most dominant spot globally , given that same sex marriage enjoys broad support in the european union and is legal in the united states and canada . 
  other countries use fptp too . 
  including the uk . 
  you do n't get to make excuses on a technicality . 
  part of being in a democracy , and yes , that includes systems like fptp or the disproportionate weigh of votes based on regions , is that you share responsibility for the people you elect . 
  so stop whining . 
  shhhh , nobody tell him that china does n't have gay marriage either . . 
  there 's gon na be a pretty big divide by 2020/2024/whenever he leaves office , and i do n't see whoever comes after trump being willing to walk the distance necessary to rebuild the bridges burned . 
  particularly as i imagine it 'll be a populist candidate either way , given that the issues that gave trump an opening , both economically and culturally , continue to persist and are if anything looking to get worse , so i imagine that the next four years will have the democrats engaging in some serious stupidity on a party leadership level as well . 
  while generally true i could actually see this being difficult for exceptionally rich people . 
  chances are they 're surrounded by people willing to totally love them for `` who they are '' , and even people who are n't super materialistic would probably still light up when hearing about their bank account . 
  i could totally see them just growing cynical over the whole thing with time . 
  plus , if you 're as lovable as trump is the most meaningful relationship you 're ever gon na get is a trophy wife anyways , so might as well own it . 
   personally , i am more triggered by the fact that they could n't stand on the squares of this chessboard properly . 
  can not unsee . 
  ehhhh , it depends . 
  a scenario that i could see a lot of people having in their head is one where poland and the baltics decide to heavily get involved in a conflict between russia and a non-nato country and biting off more than they can chew . 
  think the ongoing ukrainian crisis or the russian-georgian conflict before that . 
  that would n't really be the same as them just declaring war on russia , but would still come down to them making a decision to go to war , something that should probably be on them if it goes badly rather than be something that everybody else should have to suffer from . 
  iirc east germany was where the soviets threw all their money to create the ( false ) impression that communism actually worked , so life there was n't as awful as it was in eastern europe . 
  pair that with constant propaganda and a suppression of dissent and it 's not impossible that people living there would n't see the soviets as negatively as other occupied territories . 
  that seems like a poorly worded question . 
  there are situations where a nondemocratic government can be better . 
  that does n't mean that democracy is n't preferable overall ... 
  you 're not making much sense . 
  how is the political scandal of the kohl administration related to the greek debt crisis ? 
  how is the alleged corruption scandal involving a german company that is n't government controlled and has thus far not been proven related ? 
  how is any of this predatory lending ? 
  sure , you can put all of those on a whiteboard , draw random lines between then , put a picture of a pyramid with an eyeball in the middle at the very center of it and proudly proclaim that it 's all connected , but that does n't make for much of a coherent argument ... 
  even worse as the games take place after the books they would n't be congratulating him on writing a stellar novelizatiom . 
  they would be congratulating him on writing stellar * fanfiction * . 
  yeah , i can see why he 's unhappy . 
  that 's like 15 individual instances of jinxing in one post . 
  you really do n't want it to succeed , do you .
