  the placebo effect is a fact . 
  it 's hardly a dismissal of modern medicine to be willing to utilize it . 
  in fact , it 's quite the opposite . 
   most sicknesses and conditions absolutely can not be solved by `` bedrest '' nor placebo most of the things you 're likely to catch throughout your life absolutely can be . 
  this may come as a shock to you , but not every person that is dealing with a bit of a cough has lung cancer . 
   and selling fake medecine as the real deal will only keep pushing more people to fill in their own grave early . 
  thousands die because of homeopathy bullshit every year , because people thought they were treating themselves when really they were n't . 
  yeah , that 's on them for being retarded . 
  at some point you 're absolutely gon na need more than a placebo , and at that point you 're gon na need to take more than a placebo . 
  if they do n't then that 's not on the people successfully utilizing the placebo effect right now , that 's on them for being complete and utter morons . 
  the placebo effect is a scientific fact though . 
  so yes , water can cure a sickness so long as people believe it does and so long as it 's something that the body can actually take care of on its own . 
  sure , you 're not going to cure cancer with water and you 'd have to be retarded to try , but there 's also no real reason to increase the risk of superbugs by giving people antibiotics when bedrest will do the trick as well , with a placebo making things better for the patient . 
  mind you , i 'm not a big fan of homeopathy in and of itself , simply because a lot of it is nonsensical to the point of ruining the placebo effect once a little bit of skepticism is applied to it , but there 's really nothing wrong with people using them if as long as they do n't ignore actual doctors as a result . 
  eh , that 's not much of an issue . 
  actual countries shift wealth around internally all the time . 
  the real problem is that we 'd need to become a single country rather than a union of multiple sovereign states to do so . 
  otherwise you end up with a situation where individual countries can go on a merry socialist adventure paid for by their fellow member states where poor people in turn end up with a lower standard of living due to having to provide the budget surplus necessary to make said adventure a reality . 
  a moderate linke is just another spd . 
  they do n't really have a niche like the green party where they can actually add something to a coalition . 
  well , outside of their foreign policy approach , but that one is rather insane in its own right . 
  basically , if they decide to be moderates there 's no real point to their party , so i do n't really see party leadership going for it . 
  that 's probably for the best . 
  i reckon more centrist leaning spd voters ( myself included ) would jump over to the cdu fairly quickly if the idea of a red-red-green coalition ended up becoming realistic . 
  also , i do n't think you can call it a center-left coalition if it 's between a center left party , a party with a center-leaning wing and a crazy wing and a batshit insane leftist party . 
  luckily , we do n't really have to give a fuck . 
  i agree with you that this would be a move that would help trump domestically , but that 's not exactly relevant to us . 
  it 's not our job to vote trump out of office . 
  we need to focus on our own interests , and tolerating an ambassador that is evidently anti-eu is not in our interests . 
  nafta wo n't affect us too much . 
  sure , somewhat weaker trading partners suck a bit , but it 's not anything massive . 
  if the us entered a bit of a recession i would n't want daily articles about it on here either . 
  there are things that trump does , particularly policy towards russia as well as his evident dislike for the eu , that do affect us in a major way and should be talked about . 
  but most of the things he 's done so far that people eally focus on are utterly irrelevant to us beyond being a case study of far right populism . 
  well , trump or trump surrogates having made statements against the eu in general and germany specifically may have more to do with it , if we 're gon na be honest . 
  there 's probably a point that can be made about marxist thought in higher education , though whether that 's some long term soviet plot finally coming to fruition rather than just people being retarded is rather dubious . 
  occam 's razor would suggest the latter . 
  i also reckon that the most likely scenario for current events is russia identifying , supporting and utilizing existing isolationist and populist elements . 
  they did n't really create anything , they 're just making existing tensions work for their benefit . 
  i 'd be fine with an spd led red-black coalition as well . 
  but you 're not wrong about die linke , and i really do n't think the greens are a good fit for government at the moment either . 
  we need level headed centrists that can approach the various issues we 're faced with in a productive and pragmatic fashion , and both die linke and the greens have too many extremists to make doing so feasible . 
  you 'll need to raise taxes in order to keep up with the increasing demand fir welfare spending due to rising unemployment . 
  the problem with raising them across the board is that it 'll make life a lot harder for those that still rely on human labor , which would only serve to make the situation worse . 
  tying said tax income increase to robots via a special tax means that only those already standing to benefit from the changing economic landscape while those that are n't continue to be able to run their respective businesses . 
  working on federalization . 
  it 's the only real way forward , even though it 'll take a while . 
  maybe it was a mistake to implement the euro in the first place as it pretty much set us on this path , but lamenting that fact rather than doing something about it wo n't get us anywhere . 
  do n't fundamentally disagree , but you need to get people to vote for that first . 
  that would require becoming a transfer union which would require a lot more centralization . 
  and right now that simply lacks public support and is n't realistic as a result . 
  they can expect some , at least in terms of an escalation of sanctions againt russia . 
  there 's a very good chance they wo n't be able to say the same going forward . 
  if anything , existing sanctions not being renewed is growing increasingly likely . 
  you have to consider that a viable scenario for the end of the year is a blatantly pro-russian us president , a russia-friendly or pro-russian french president and a uk tied up in their own problems that is unlikely to have much interest in further harming their economy . 
  in that scenario nobody is gon na do much beyond writing a strongly worded letter even if russia were to launch an all-out offensive . 
  both would make sense . 
  putin could be using trump 's presidency to attack with impunity , while the ukrainian government could be under the impression that they 're running out of time considering that a russian friendly/backed president has taken office in the us , the uk is leaving the eu and a russian friendly/backed candidate has a somewhat plausible path to victory in france so chances are they wo n't be able to expect much support in a year or two . 
  he acknowledged and thanked a group of supporters . 
  that 's different from clinton 's rather useless and painful to watch attempts at seeming `` connected '' . 
  and they integrated so well . 
  why , the native population is barely around anymore with how well they did !, 
  would be nice , but that 's not really necessary either . 
  `` fake news '' is an overblown issue . 
  the rise of right wing populism can be more easily attributed to a political class that has grown out of touch and refuses to hold itself accountable for it . 
  oh good heavens no , this kind of `` activism '' always attracts the worst kind of people that then add their own bullshit to muddy the waters even more . 
  also , i do n't think this is where the putin propagandists hang out . 
  those guys just seem like the normal hard right wingers that have been around for quite a while now and are n't all that relevant overall . 
  their economy has a lot of potential though , and getting close to them would likely make them an invaluable trading partner rather quickly . 
  the main issue is not whether it 's economically viable , however , but rather how much of a security risk it represents . 
  russia is n't exactly the most stable country and has shown itself to be somewhat prone to violence if it thinks it 's sphere of influence is threatened . 
  close integration with them could be dangerous . 
  sure , but i also do n't see that changing for the next election . 
  if we ca n't get an rrg coalition now we 're unlikely to get one moving forward without the linke changing . 
  they could if they could make a case that the linke has changed . 
  problem is it has n't really , so the issues that kept a red-red-green coalition from happening are still floating around . 
   overall i would think that it would be quite likely to see rrg if they were to reach a majority in the bundestag ( which i would consider quite unlikely ) i do n't . 
  if they were willing to go for such a coalition they could have done so at any point since the last election . 
  they could take over at any time , and the fact that they have n't goes to show that there 's still insufficient support . 
  hardly , not only would they need to poll significantly better than they do right now , they would also have to stop being an insane dysfunctional mess that ca n't actually enter a coalition . 
  realistically speaking his best shot at becoming chancellor is to beat the cdu directly and enter into a coalition with them that would hence have him as chancellor , and that does n't seem particularly likely either . 
  that would be a terrible idea . 
  the greek crisis has shown that the eu is absolutely going to call that bluff . 
  media in the anglosphere seems to have a certain tendency to be majority left leaning . 
  if anything they 'll go against trump which would be beneficial to us . 
  if you skim through these articles , you 'll notice that the experts largely use more cautious language when directly quoted . 
  they say that market crashes or a recession * could * happen , which is accurate . 
  these are certainly possible scenarios , perhaps even somewhat likely ones . 
  of course , the press proceeded to imply such a thing would be a much more certain affair in their headlines , but that 's hardly the fault of the experts that were asked . 
  that 's journalists being bad at their jobs , not experts . 
  experts generally do a decent job either being right about things or clarifying that they are n't sure . 
  conveying that message is often where things get iffy , particularly considering that the media has seemingly taken a serious nosedive in quality as of late . 
  prove it . 
  no , they predicted that things would go poorly after a brexit . 
  which has n't happened yet . 
  and that trump 's proposed policies would be bad for the economy . 
  which have n't been implemented yet . 
  a priest gets to be a priest and act like a priest so long as he obtained his position through the existing democratic processes and is not appointed as a representative of the church . 
  if people want to vote for him why stop them . 
  and your point about the tyranny of the majority makes no sense whatsoever because it 's not like any minority rights are being stripped away .
