  ultimately , shit like this is why facebook is a fundamentally bad idea . 
  that 's pretty much the only thing being showcased here . 
  it was certainly a crisis , and there was a threat to public safety . 
  cologne proved that last one . 
  calling it an invasion is a bit of a stretch , but you can probably definition-monger your way out of it . 
  and there 's no real guarantee that syria will stop being a hot mess in the foreseeable future , so making the assumption that people will actually be returning somewhat optimistic . 
  that 's not much of an issue when you 're only talking about around one million people , but it does become an issue when we 're talking about something north of ten . 
  i would also point out that the problem is n't really short term costs . 
  that mayor may be a corrupt prick , but we still managed to do well enough financially that its not a big deal overall . 
  however , long term costs as well as demographic shifts would be serious issues if we were to talk about a large enough number of people coming in . 
  these are issues we would have had to face had we looked at several subsequent 2015s . 
  stating that is not exaclty a lie , and people polling accordingly is not them falling for a lie . 
  well , they were n't lies , exactly . 
  they really started doing well as a party back during the worst part of our migrant crisis and its aftermath . 
  during that time the official party line for our government was `` refugees welcome , wir schaffen das '' and the ones for the opposition could largely be summarized with `` even more refugees '' . 
  it 's not exactly wrong that applying that sentiment to 2015 numbers of incoming refugees represents some form of impending doom or another . 
  however , time has shown that our government also recognizes the issue in question and has managed to effectively take care of it . 
  so the whole doomsday scenario simply is n't relevant anymore . 
  that does n't mean that people believed lies , necessarily , they simply adjusted their polling behavior in accordance to an ongoing situation . 
  those people strive in self victimization and the absence of rational discourse . 
  instead of putting ideas that could not actually stand up to public scrutiny into a position where they have to be confronted and their flaws exposed you want to push them underground where they can spread in the absence of reason . 
  that just comes across as an overall terrible idea . 
  you 're essentially arguing to provide more of an opportunity for fascism to come back than it would have if it were simply confronted openly . 
  sure , but it 's one that takes the necessities of modern times into account . 
  the problem with the euroskeptic nationalism is n't that it 's nationalism , it 's that it 's based on the belief that a single country can truly be independent in a world of empires . 
  european nation states are looking to lose our sovereignty either way , the only question is whether we lose it to a new nation state of our own where we still have voting rights or lose it to a foreign country which will just dictate a large portion of our policies instead . 
  the problem is that if greece was just given a bunch of money there 's a good chance that politicians would avoid some of the necessary unpopular reforms , in the process not really fix much of anything and just come asking for money again some ten years down the line when the loans given to them were meant to do the trick by themselves . 
  keeping the loans frequent is a way to maintain control and to have a way out in case greece decides that they do n't want to do reforms . 
  no , it 's what the user i initially responded to suggested . 
  i told him that you guys would n't agree to it . 
  thank you for making my point , i suppose . 
  no , you agreed to conditions on loans which essentially represented target goals , while under the full knowledge that you would require further loans in the future . 
  you still had some degree of leeway , and a certain degree of freedom on how to achieve said goals . 
  you did n't agree to effectively have the fiscal parts of your government run by the eu . 
  a deal that involves the eu controlling your budget effectively means the eu running your government , which , given past history , your country is extremely unlikely to agree to . 
  yeah , good luck telling them that . 
  if memory serves , the last round of debt relief demands was about them regaining access to the capital markets to `` get their sovereignty back '' . 
  they 're not gon na agree to a deal that involved giving up sovereignty , even temporarily , in exchange for debt relief . 
  they 're also inherent to communism , arguably moreso than in fascism . 
  at its ideological core fascism is content taking over a supremacist position , being the worlds sole superpower could be considered sufficient as far as the goals of fascism are concerned , which generally means some form of violence to establish said supremacy . 
  communism seeks a world entirely ruled by the proletariat , something that when applied to the real world means some degree of violence or another . 
  does n't have to be , also does n't really have to be part of a fascist ideology , at least in theory . 
  it 's something that you tend to find in both in praxis though . 
  hah , no . 
  look at communist regimes in action . 
  there 's plenty of racism and hatred to go around . 
  both those systems are equally terrible . 
  if a war with russia happens they can drive their tanks to the front line without much issue . 
  the european military is generally built around defensive ideas , so deploying troops across the world is more difficult . 
  but we 're already strong enough to take them on , us or no us . 
  why the fuck should we spend more if our current budget does the trick . . 
  depends on whether the fight for gender equality is something they claim to be concerned with . 
  nobody is obligated to fight for gender equality , but if they do then they should not acknowledge gender discriminatory laws as legitimate . 
  yes it is . 
  respecting them means acknowledging them as legitimate . 
  nobody in favor of actual gender equality should consider such laws legitimate . 
  god damnit , kebab wins again !, 
  they ca n't keep getting away with it !, 
  at least there 's precedence for people committing crimes while sleepwalking . 
  not sure if rape is on the list though , but considering that murder is i could see it being a thing . 
  so it 's still a better excuse than a baton just `` accidentally slipping '' into somebodies asshole . 
  they 're probably voting afd because of their refugee policy , not their eu policy . 
  there 's a pretty big disconnect between public opinion on the current refugee policies and muslim immigration in general and out current parliament , and the afd is exploiting that . 
   no , you are being ignorant here of course some element was politics , but people also learned from versailles , punitive measures do n't help . 
  the rest of the world could have easily destroyed western-germany 's chance of a decent industrial base . 
  that would have been good real politics too , given germany 's past danger . 
  nobody could have predicted if this was a gamble worth taking . 
  so i do suggest you take your own advice and read about it . 
  because you can do with a lot of learning . 
  actually , that was the initial plan , which was abandoned out of political and industrial concerns . 
  a strong-ish germany was simply considered more useful than a weak one . 
   ehh , the same could be said after ww1 , i think you are sort of ignoring the obvious case that it 's kinda hard to control an industrialized , well educated , modern nation that is hell-bent on going its own way . 
  eh , look at austria after wwi . 
  just because it was n't done with germany does n't mean you ca n't completely dismantle a nation . 
   would have been illegal . 
  so why not say the same about the eu , they could invade greece and steal everything valuable if they do n't comply ? 
  they could leave greece to the turks , i think erdogan would be quite happy . 
  etc etc. 
  no , it would n't have been . 
  the concept of international law was n't nearly as worked out at the end of wwii as it is today . 
  we have no recourse to do anything similar to greece due to modern international law and mutually agreed upon treaties and principles . 
   it 's just and insane policy costing us far more than any sane plan would . 
  and you seem to cheer it on like a complete hypocrite , finding ridiculous excuses to see the west-german case differently . 
  honestly , you just keep ignoring the core point , namely that fiscal transfers are n't feasible within the eu , in favor of rambling on about history . 
  makes this whole discussion rather pointless . 
  russia is more authoritarian than we are , so fighting fire with fire wo n't work . 
  they 'll just shut our attempts down in a way a liberal society ca n't . 
  honestly , i think all this whining about russia is just covering up real issues . 
  russia is n't creating problems out of thin air , they are merely utilizing existing ones . 
  people generally do n't vote for populists because russia is mind controlling them , they are doing so because they are dissatisfied with their political class and do n't see another way to resolve it . 
  people generally do n't go looking for fake news , they are doing so because the mainstream media is fucking terrible and they are looking for alternatives . 
  the problem is that neither the political class nor the media seem willing to hold themselves accountable and start doing a better job , so instead they whine about the relatively minor external factors rather than focusing on the huge internal ones . 
   the world were germany did the exact opposite of what you claimed and rebuild the country , and the east did what you claim is necessary and it ruined the country economically . 
  that has nothing to do with the point i made . 
   possibly no , that 's pretty much a historical fact . 
  feel free to look it up , you might learn something . 
   because that applied to germany too , using your logic germany could have simply done terrible economically and they would have gotten more free money , since paying back was depended on exports or , alternatively , they could have just called the whole thing a failed attempt , taken everything that looked remotely valuable nails-be-damned and made the rest a large military position or left it to the soviets . 
  alternatively , if they did n't have confidence in our government and future governments to actually get this whole thing done , they could have just opted to not give us sovereignty and to just do it themselves . 
  they had plenty of tools at their disposal to deal with germany being incompetent or attempting to take advantage . 
  the same can not be said for the eu .
