  because both of those exist and are both very much relevant . 
  it 's just that beyond that germany should , as any other country , be entitled to its own foreign policy , and having eastern europe basically being able to use essentially blackmail to try and influence that is simply not acceptable . 
  eastern european countries are entitled to their own foreign policy , but they should not expect germany to pay the tab whenever they managed to piss off the guy they want to buy gas from , and with this project they will no longer have the power to do so . 
  a good thing all around . 
   germany ca n't be allowed to become the dominant power in europe either . 
  then i suggest that other countries ( particularly the uk and france ) start picking up the slack as opposed to trying to put idiotic shackles on germany . 
  which i approve of . 
  if you want to have a common energy market then you need to have a somewhat common foreign policy , which is , given the vastly different attitudes towards russia between germany and eastern europe , not exactly realistic . 
  if parts of eastern europe and russia get into a shouting match i would very much like to choose whether this is actually something that concerns me and hence something that my country should intervene in . 
  doing so is n't possible if it affects my countries gas supply . 
  on the other hand , i would very much like to not add a country that is insane enough to actually start a war with russia and that has ongoing territorial disputes with them in nato . 
  that just seems like a terrible idea all around to be honest , at least assuming that we do n't want to go to war with russia . 
  no , they 're claiming that if a certain person that previously expressed an opinion that advocated for the extermination of a group of people based on their ethnic background and gender was given the authority necessary said person would commit genocide . 
  that 's not unreasonable whatsoever , it simply means that the person in question is pro genocide . 
  well yeah . 
  and those complaints will also be justified . 
  any society has a certain limit for how much immigration it can tolerate before things turn sour , based on the society , the immigrants themselves and other factors , and that threshold has simply been breached by the current refugee policy . 
  as a result violence between the groups and lack of integration will quite simply happen . 
  the problem is with a government that is enforcing a refugee policy that simply is not feasible , meaning one that seeks to treat people seeking refuge like people seeking to immigrate . 
  we could take in way more refugees without any problem if we simply did what countries around the world do , which is building specific institutions to house refugees without making an effort to integrate them or offer them work , where they can stay until their home country is safe enough to allow their return . 
  force them then . 
  right now there are ludicrous regulations that make it easy for them to resist . 
  just change the system so that transports are done with state issued transport plains , and the people that are being returned to their country of origin are taken to the airport by the police directly , in handcuffs if they are resisting . 
  people throwing a tantrum should not be an adequate reason to keep them around . 
  ehhh , idk . 
  even without fiscal transfers nations in general experienced growth upon joining the ez , and are largely returning to growth now after the global financial crisis . 
  greece is more of an outlier in that regard , and their financial situation was fucked to the point of likely eventual default back before they joined the euro , with incredibly stupid fiscal policies on their part after joining putting the nails in the coffin . 
  as would a debt haircut , given that the ez was created and other nations joined under the premise that it is not a transfer union . 
  you would essentially need to fundamentally change the way the ez is structured in order to be able to give out a debt haircut . 
  yes , countries that got hit really hard by the economic crisis had its citizens get poorer , while countries that handled it well had its citizens get richer . 
  thank you , captain obvious , i do n't know what i would do without you . 
  because government corruption is incredibly difficult to fix once you reach the finer spheres of lobbyism . 
  it either requires participating in a political system that the lobbyists continue to rig or to overthrow the government ( making the process in the long run futile ) and hope you can come up with a better solution than representative democracy once you 're done . 
  that doesnt mean that government corruption should not be fought , but there is a limit to how far that can realistically go . 
  france would have vetoed your brilliant invasion idea if you had had enough basic decency to go through the required legal channels for said invasion . 
  large portions of the rest if europe did not participate . 
  saying `` europe was there with you '' has to be the most ridiculous thing i read today . 
  pretty much . 
  at this point , if you want a world cup , you pay for it . 
  simple as that . 
  i 'd be seriously surprised if there was a single worldcup over the last few decades that was n't bought in some fashion or another . 
  i 'm not arguing that there is no spectrum to political correctness or that political correctness is automatically a bad thing , i am merely saying that political correctness is a part of progressivism . 
  that does not mean that either have to automatically be bad , but it does mean that saying `` this is political correctness not progressiveness '' does n't work . 
  other than that , i largely agree with your analysis , though i 'm not too sure how fragmented the left really is . 
  i find that particularly the hardcore progressive part is largely over represented in the media , simply because it 's a bias present within several media outlets disproportionate to people within the general populace holding said opinion . 
  political correctness has become an integral part of modern progressivism though . 
  austerity is not supposed to create job . 
  it is supposed to generate government income , which it both does and which is also required for actual keynesian economics . 
  in essence , keynesian economics come down to saving up in boom phases in order to then spend money to deal with recessions . 
  it is not mean `` just keep spending '' , which for the purpose of this conversation could be called the greek model , the stunning success of which we currently witness . 
  the issue with the eurozone is ultimately that fiscal responsibility is left up entirely to individual member states , a system that is balanced by not actually making members accountable for each others financial situation . 
  it is most certainly a bad model , but not one that has much to do with keynes beyond a national level ( with successful economics having successfully implemented keynesian measures to deal with the crisis ) . 
  keynes does indeed win in the countries that actually follow his model , and does not win in the ones that do not . 
  it 's just that it currently can not be applied on a eurozone level due to too much emphasis on sovereignty of individual member states in the way the eurozone is structured . 
  all of this is irrelevant in terms of international law . 
  from a legal point of view the legitimate government is the one represented in the un , and while other countries can declare these governments illegal on a willy-nilly basis , individual nations or groups thereof doing so has no legal bearing whatsoever ( iirc doing so requires a un mandate ) . 
  this is also why russias ukrainian adventures ( to bring up an example as to why rules removing the ability of governments to simply declare a government illegitimate without a un mandate to justify otherwise illegal action against them are necessary ) are downright illegal , because , despite the russian government not considering the current ukrainian one legal , their blabbering is entirely irrelevant in terms of international law and the ukrainian government is legally recognized . 
  the exact same thing goes for syria , where the assad government is still the official one , meaning that other countries endorsing their own ones is legally irrelevant . 
  now , there is a certain grey area that could be argued to exist in regards to the is , since they are an organization that has effectively declared war on pretty much the entire rest of the western world in one way or another , and could be argued to de facto hold certain territory . 
  as such somewhat shaky but potentially viable enough arguments can be made that air strikes against this goatfuckers union on soil controlled by them can be executed without making agreement from the syrian government absolutely necessary . 
  however , what guy is seemingly proposing seem to be `` no fly zones '' , which would be an action directly limiting and even aggressing against the in terms of the actual law still legitimate syrian government . 
  doing so does require some form of un mandate to be legal under international law . 
  to be fair here , russia does not need un permession , since the assad administration is still the official government authority in syria , meaning that as long as assad agrees with the russian intervention a un mandate to take action is not necessary . 
  a un mandate would only be relevant if an intervention was to happen without consent from the assad administration , which is the fundamental issue since both european and american leaders do not wish to cooperate with assad . 
  frankly , verhofstadts comment shows either a very lacking understanding of international law , or , more likely , a willful oversimplification of it for the sake of populism . 
  particularly given our overly righteous stance when it comes to others following international law , i personally find this attitude rather disgusting : following the principles we claim to stand for is important imo , and i am rather annoyed that we have european politicians openly advocating violations of international law while actually receiving applause . 
  i would argue that russia is a better comparison . 
  both are run by quasi dictators that win elections through manipulation , after all . 
  that 's a road that either leads to war or to apathy . 
  i do n't think either are preferable solutions for the conflict at hand . 
  good , now find a way to do this that is both compliant with international law and does not require long term diplomatic entanglement . 
  i do not think it 's invading when the actual government of a nation allows you in . 
  that 's actually really good ... did he study german or something ? 
  even these companies have to lobby to have laws adjusted , which does ensure a certain public dialogue over said adjustments . 
  that is different from just straightup breaking regulations . 
  they were n't threatened with sanctions . 
  they were simply told that they would not receive loans from other eu member states , which is something they are not entitled to in the first place . 
  they could have continued running deficits as they pleased , however , they would have had to get loans from private banks at the appropriate interest rates . 
  ultimately , the difference between the french and for example portugal is that the former are n't reliant on the rest of the eu to keep them afloat so they 're mostly able to do whatever the fuck they want with their budget . 
  of course they can run deficits . 
  if their democratic will is to run deficits all they damn well please there 's no real way for the rest of the eu to stop them , but they ca n't expect to receive loans from other member states if that 's what they 're going for . 
  after all , these are also democratic nations and greece is in no way entitled to their money . 
  there 's nothing `` undemocratic '' here . 
  greece is always free to walk away from taking loans from other member states , and the member states are free to give out loans under whatever conditions they want to , if at all . 
  turns out that most of us normal people that identify with some political leaning or another are n't crazy ideologues . 
  shocking , i know . 
  sch\u00e4uble advocated for a grexit . 
  merkel just does n't want to be the chancellor that lost greece . 
  our electorate has largely accepted that we 're not getting our money back . 
  the main problem is that we 're absolutely not interested in being part of a transfer union with absolutely zero oversight because that would simply represent a horrible deal for us . 
  still does n't support your point about the issue being trade related . 
  your own quote says that the debt existing in the first place is greece 's fault . 
  what do our own lower classes have to do with it ? 
  in a society that properly redistrubtes wealth everybody benefits from their country being better off . 
  and hey , i 'd love if we could all leave each other alone and sing kumbaya , but that one 's sadly out of our control , so might as well make sure we do n't get screwed over in the process . 
  sure , but if things are already getting fucked up that might as well happen in a fashion that does n't screw us over . 
  you do n't fight each other in proxy conflicts . 
  the us and russia are n't ever shooting at each other in syria . 
  however , both have a presence there representing their unique interests , neither of which are actually favorable to us as of right now . 
  a potent military , particularly on a european level , would simply allow us to participate ourselves and represent our own interests .
