  while i agree with your proposed solution i do n't see us getting this through the eu itself . 
  we were unable get migrant quotas through eastern europe when all we were talking about was 200.000 people stuck in greece , you believe we 'll be able to get that through when we are talking about one million people particularly with polands government likely even being less reasonable now ? 
  fat chance . 
  honestly , there 's been a lot of ways to resolve this easily with measures implemented across the entire eu . 
  heck , had we implemented and enforced migrant quotas a year or two ago ( which was being discussed , mind you ) this whole crisis would have most likely never happened . 
  the failure to implement those solutions is the result of member states being selfish cunts and that is not something that has been resolved so far , if anything it has gotten worse . 
  ultimately , we need solutions that southern , central and northern europe can implement on their own , because frankly , we 're not gon na get shit from eastern europe outside of idiotic populism ( `` just close the border , olololol , turning greece into a gigantic concentration camp is a great idea ! '' ), 
  so we might as well disregard them ( and stop giving them money because we 're gon na need it ourselves ) . 
  putin does not get encouraged to start anything . 
  however , other eastern european countries are discouraged from starting anything themselves because germany wo n't have a reason to get involved in any given conflict anymore . 
  basically , if eastern european countries want to have shitty relations with russia they are free to do so . 
  however , they will no longer have the ability to attempt to force german support and would largely be alone with their problems unless other countries choose to support them . 
  that does n't give russia a free pass to do whatever they want , but it does mean that countries reliant on russian gas need to start keeping that fact in mind when it comes to their foreign policy and not start stupid shit themselves . 
  that simply means that poland is no longer a transit country , not that germany randomly becomes one . 
  that also means that poland and other ee countries no longer enjoys the benefits of being a transit country , something that is good for germany because it actually allows us to further pursue our own foreign policy and choose to engage into the eastern european shitfest with russia on our own terms and when we think it 's reasonable to do so , not every time someone flings mud at someone else for some reason or another . 
  why would germany be any form of transit country ? 
  poland has its own pipelines with russia right now , and by integration into the ns2 would not require transit into germany either . 
  nord stream 1 is not nord stream 2 . 
  neither . 
  in a coalition the strongest party ( usually ) determines the chancellor . 
  the chancellor is the one in charge of the general policies of the country pursued under their term . 
  the terms of the coalition itself ( ie agreed upon goals , policies etc ) are set under a coalition treaty , one that is to be executed by the new government . 
  their politic has shifted more and more through the rise of the linke ( formerly pds ) taking in most of the gdr sympathizers . 
  and the spd is not in power directly , they work as a coalition partner for the cdu . 
  however , in germany the chancellor has the power to determine the general direction a nations politics take , and the actual chancellor is merkels cdu who are as such in charge of german policy in regards to the whole nord stream 2 thing . 
  i 'd wager that foreign policy plays a whole lot into that . 
  germany made a lot of effort to butter up to russia to get those rates . 
  it 's not necessarily a foreign policy decision that i fully agree with , but it 's the one the german government that was voted in by the majority of my voting countrymen made , and it 's one that it is perfectly entitled to make under the sovereignty that is currently granted to european member states . 
  the direct consequence is also that voters of other european nations are entitled to vote for their own governments , in doing so supporting and accepting the consequences of their own foreign policies . 
  sovereignty is a double edged sword like that . 
  and germany does n't really need to placate poland . 
  in the end , so long as its decisions are in line with the rules of the eu , germany is entitled to its own foreign policy . 
  if poland wants to shoot itself in the foot that is regrettable , but ultimately their own problem . 
  of course russia uses their gas as a political tool , they would be stupid not to . 
  the problem is that we 're reliant on their gas regardless and having a direct connection to them for the sake of gas imports is simply beneficial . 
  cutting out the middleman , particular if they are a somewhat unstable country with an economic crisis that is in a conflict with your supplier is simply a sane policy . 
  in regards to an energy union , the issue is that this would require a common foreign policy . 
  otherwise the decisions made by some member states will negatively impact all the other member states . 
  this does not merely refer to foreign policy regarding russia , mind you , but pretty much foreign policy regarding anyone we import natural resources from . 
  you do n't want one country that you have no or next to no control over to be able to screw things up for all the other countries . 
  schr\u00f6der has n't been chancellor for over a decade , your argument is invalid . 
  then poland needs to focus on getting in on the deal , rather than stopping it altogether . 
  contrary to what some people seem to think germany is not going to make an effort to screw over actual member states and if russia decides to exclude certain members that actually want to participate from the deal for no good reason then germany is not going to take it . 
  the problem is that poland is not pushing for being integrated , they 're pushing for it not existing , seemingly out of some false sense of loyalty towards eastern european non member states . 
  the problem is that a fiscal union requires a somewhat hefty loss of sovereignty , either on an individual basis or , preferably , through federalization . 
  however , federalization requires the members of the union to actually agree with it , which means that member states have to elect governments that are actually pro federalization and help by pushing for it . 
  otherwise all we 'll get is a union where poorer countries are ultimately going to be unable to sustain themselves in . 
  i could see turkey fit pretty well , once they get their heads out of their arses , get rid of erdogan and stop occupying parts of cyprus . 
  i do n't actually know enough about bosnia , albania or montenegro to make qualified statements about them , though i do n't see any reason for them not to . 
  macedonia would need to get its shit together both politically and economically . 
  belarus would have to stop being a dictatorship and disentangle themselves from russia without becoming a failed state , so i do n't think that 's likely . 
  the other two already have breakaway regions and are headed for failed statehood , so i do n't see anything happen there within 30 years unless there 's a huge geopolitical shift . 
  now stop occupying half of one of our memberstates . 
  heck , based on personal experience of doctors bitching about being 30 hours on the job already and being visibly tired as fuck we have the exact same shit happen in germany as well . 
  healthcare in general is pathetically underfunded across the eu . 
  no , we are taking in people we are legally obligated to take in . 
  you are taking in people that you are in no fashion obligated to take in , and then bitch at us for following up on our obligations while refusing to do the same , rather letting the other countries deal with it on your own while bitching when they do n't enforce your foreign policy . 
  exactly , immigration . 
  there are requirements to meet in order to receive refugee status , and ukrainians right now do n't meet them , unless they 're gay . 
  people meeting refugee status * have * to be taken in , which is why we ca n't just refuse to take in the ones arriving at our borders right now , since most of them do qualify as refugees under the law ( and the rest is being processed to be deported ) . 
  so you 've taken in welfare chasers . 
  that 's your national policy , and as part of your precious sovereignty absolutely your choice , but it is no justification to not take in actual , legitimate refugees . 
  yes . 
  further eu integration and strong loss of sovereignty to the eu . 
  fiscal transfers need to be accompanied by transfers of power . 
  basically , new eu legislation is needed to centralize fiscal policies within the eurozone . 
  alternatively , models to temporarily transfer control over fiscal policies from greece to the eu in exchange for fiscal transfers could also be discussed , however , greece would have to be the ones to bring something to that end to the table . 
  no it 's not . 
  if a company does n't want to sponsor a black person they wo n't sponsor a black person . 
  this is n't like hiring someone where discrimination is illegal in quite a few jurisdictions , they 're free to choose who to offer a sponsorship contract to . 
  there 's a difference between being skinny and being severely underweight to the point of no longer being healthy though . 
  a doctor can identify said difference and make a call based on that . 
  then do n't ? 
  then they lose everything they built here in the process . 
  the gypsies are pretty crafty about it , they come here , make money and then spend it in other countries where the purchasing power provided by the money made here is greater , then return and repeat it . 
  doing so in a sustainable fashion is going to be difficult for the refugees to immitate , and even if they manage their actions would still be illegal and we could still use the police to stop them . 
  possible , but difficult , and fairly easy to deal with through use of the police . 
  in terms of illegitimate business : that market is pretty full already afaik , i doubt they 'd be able to sustain themselves there in great numbers . 
  that seems silly . 
  a company should be free to choose who they want their brand associated with . 
  just out of curiosity , how does it ( according to them ) violate the constitution for a private business to not be interested for their brand to be associated with a specific individual ? 
  it can only supply northern europe though . 
  and the rest of the eu ca n't buy expensive gas from germany afaik since we ca n't resell russian gas . 
  as such , the southern pipelines still have to be used to supply the rest of europe that the nord stream wont cover . 
  as long as the northern eastern european union nations are offered access to the nord stream the only nations negatively affected in terms of negotiations with russia should be non-eu ones ,, 
  you got a source for that one ? 
  ca n't seem to find it atm . 
  if true , then that is a problem . 
  and what does schr\u00f6der have to do with that ? 
  once the union comes up with one . 
  that 's how further integration works , it 's a work in progress . 
  the problem is that whenever there 's pressure through some issue or crisis that would demand further integration instead of working to put the necessary laws into place to solve the issue at a european level countries start bitching about `` muh sovereignty '' and nothing gets done . 
  they do n't have the necessary coastline , how exactly would that work . 
  do n't really understand why thats relevant though , given that they also have their own important pipelines . 
  if you put it into a law that applies to the entire union to share pension budgets to pay equal pensions based on purchasing power while also being integrated into a larger reform regarding common fiscal policies then i 'm all for it . 
  except it is implemented into the treaty of the european union . 
  you ca n't legally stop accepting migrants . 
  i have no idea where people got this insanely retarded idea of `` lol , just stop taking them in hurrdurr '' . 
  thanks to our eastern european `` partners '' our choices right now are basically taking them in ourselves or turning greece into a massive fucking concentration camp . 
  and the latter is not an option under any of the principles the european union is meant to uphold .
