  quickening what procedures ? 
  deportation ? 
  i 'd agree , and reforms that address that will have to be worked out . 
  the only one i can come up with is getting into talks with turkey to keep the refugees there in the first place . 
  and that one is being worked on , it 's just that , surprise surprise , negotiations take a while . 
  but , please , do enlighten us if you can come up with anything else . 
  if you want to play a high risk game , sure . 
  but in general its much better to value stability over explosive growth , since opting for stability avoids major crashes and their brutal consequences in times of crisis . 
  not enough naked girls , not enough dead people . 
  where are femen and putin when you need them most ? 
  what is anything ? 
  the vast majority of ideologies or religions has elements in it that are brutal and radical and dangerous . 
  there 's no such thing as a `` true '' follower for any of them and a bunch of `` false '' ones . 
  hence , if you fear every group that has dangerous extremist elements then all you 'll do is be afraid of the world . 
  instead , it is much better to identify the individuals and sub groups that are dangerous extremists and only fear those instead . 
  eh , they all got some pretty mean stuff thrown at them . 
  that said , i think it 's important to not only think in terms of german media , the media situation is quite different particularly in the anglosphere . 
  for reference , papers such as the huffington post or parts of the guardian as well as some other papers would be comparable to maybe the taz in germany , while being significantly more influential . 
  close miss then , but they might still stumble across it !, 
  but , if they 're actual refugees that will present a challenge because doing so actually would n't be allowed . 
  and if they do n't qualify for refugee status just put them on a plane , no reason to give them money to boot o_o . 
  this just kinda seems like a pointless move tbh :d . 
  why ? 
  this seems like a stupid idea . 
  they 're giving them free money to leave , and enough of it to afford a trip right back and have plenty of change left over afterwards . 
  well , that and quite a few writers and reporters , which is the real problem . 
  when you see `` xyz is racist '' as a headline a lot of people do n't go and question it , but just accept it . 
  as such , in the court of public opinion an accusation of racism is as good as a conviction of racism , with the consequences that one comes along with . 
  i suspect the bored expression on his face to be him thinking `` alright , now when am i gon na wake up . . '' . 
  realization must have been brutal . 
  oh , i agree , the general public certainly has that view , and i think they certainly have a few good points ( for example , i thought that merkels speech was poorly worded and she should have considered her words more carefully ) . 
  however , i would primarily blame the media ... the second merkel made her statement it blew up with `` merkel is inviting all the refugees from everywhere omigod !! 11 !! 1 ! oneeleven '' . 
  i guess that 's what happens when misconstructing something serves both the biases of the right ( immigration is the devil , the eu is the devil , merkel is the head of the eu and the devil , look at what she has done now , did we mention devil ) and the left ( omygosh shes , like , sooo tolerant , look at her , it 's awesome , all of europe should bow down to our multiculturalist overlords ) and is why political leaders need to be more careful in the way they communicate ( though i honestly wonder whether it would have made too much of a difference , given that smuggler propaganda also played a big role , but ah well ) . 
  are you sure , what page were the boobs on again ? 
  i would argue that as such being an islamophobe is still incorrect - your issue is with one or several subsets of beliefs within islam , which is perfectly justifiable . 
  however , you have to separate those specific groups from the whole , otherwise all you really do is paint people who do n't deserve it with a broad brush . 
  i agree on the first part , not sure if i necessarily agree on the second one , i guess time will tell . 
  though then again , i do n't really see a reason to care too much about that . 
  if they go illegal then they wo n't really cost the state too much money , will get deported whenever they 're actually caught , and their impact on the labor market can be slashed simply by enforcing existing laws . 
  illegal immigration is certainly an issue , but one that can be solved within the existing legal framework through added policing effort . 
  eh , merkel did n't really invite all the refugees into europe , at least not explicitly ( what smugglers and sensationalist media construct out of her words is not entirely under her control ) . 
  what she did do was suspend dublin 2 , so that refugees could go to germany and be processed there directly ( as a result also being able to stay there for lack of a quota ) rather than being in greece , a country that could n't and ca n't handle the refugee load between its severe economic troubles . 
  the issue here is that preceding any perceived `` invitation '' getting a refugee quota was n't working , and time on the clock on greece was running shorter and shorter . 
  now , the value of merkels decisions regarding her attempt at solving that issue can most certainly be debated , but arguing that the issue is some form of `` invitation '' from her when the exact same conflict was going on before that does n't seem accurate . 
  illegal immigrants are an entirely different issue , and most certainly one that needs to be dealt with . 
  however , that 's not an issue of the refugee crisis - illegal immigrants can sneak into the eu anyway , crisis or no . 
  and the problem with camps outside the eu is not whether it 's pc or not , it 's that getting the blasted things set up requires a safe country to accept them within their borders . 
  negotiations particularly regarding keeping refugees in already existing refugee camps in turkey , for example , are currently ongoing . 
  no , it simply means that it is not contained to it . 
  it is certainly possible , even very likely , for a refugee crisis to take place in multiple countries and at multiple borders at once . 
  but dismissing the european refugee crisis that was and continues to be very real on these grounds is stupid . 
  no , the refugee crisis was literally in greece . 
  it 's just that the same country also suffered a financial crisis which pretty much overshadowed the refugee issue during the time period where the refugee crisis really heated up , however , by the time dublin 2 had been suspended greece was already at its breaking point . 
  and no , i do n't know that . 
  because that depends on laws that can be changed and possibly will be changed over time , depending on how the varying crisis points develop . 
  not to mention that a significant portion of the `` refugees '' do n't actually qualify for such a status and will hence be deported as time progresses and consequentially not receive citizenship once all the legal issues are sorted the final number of people that actually get to stay here permanently , if at all , hence depends on multiple factors including decisions made by the union right now and in the future . 
  it 's not set in stone like you pretend it is . 
  migrant quotas are one of those examples though . 
  we have a common border and we can not legally turn away legitimate refugees at this current time due to a combination of international law and diplomatic factors . 
  yet for some reason distributing the load of refugees across the eu is literally a dictatorship , the worst thing possible , the end of western civilization and whatever retarded drivel people will come up with . 
  except that never happened . 
  due to international regulations we can not turn away legitimate refugees . 
  just because the refugee crisis was nice and easy to ignore back when they were all stuck in greece does n't mean there was n't a crisis . 
  nobody is handing out european passports either and attempts to create alternative solutions such as negotiations with turkey in order to stop or slow the influx are being made . 
  the uk has access to a bunch of opt-outs , so i 'm not really sure what you 're on about in that regard . 
  that said , for regular eu and ez members the whole `` sovereignty '' argument is often fairly idiotic . 
  it 's madness to sign up for border free travel , but to not want a common border . 
  just like it 's madness to sign up for a common currency but demand `` muh sovereignty '' when it comes to having common fiscal policies . 
  it 's also entirely pointless . 
  it would n't do anything to stop incoming refugees since smugglers can just sink the boats within visual range instead , forcing us to take them in , it would n't do anything to improve security since sneaking in across our land borders is still possible while punishing tourists and citizens alike . 
  threats to remove eu funding from nations refusing quotas have been made , and will likely be implemented should the current situation continue . 
  pressure is most certainly being built , to the symphony of delusional eastern europeans who still think `` just protect our borders , lol '' is an at all viable solution despite it being impossible within the current international legal framework whining about `` dictatorship '' . 
  it 's just that getting them to follow suit is going to take longer and be harder than with greece given the particularly vulnerable state of the latter . 
  that does n't mean that work is n't being done , it simply means that some tasks take longer than others . 
  this is a political union we 're talking about here , not a set of numbers . 
  unlike with numbers , the amount of steps that can be taken that qualify as being closer but not completely there is by nature finite , not infinite , making complete integration the ultimate goal . 
   that 's exactly what i said . 
  it 's almost as if you butcher a quote and leave it entirely without context the meaning may change . 
  i was not at all agreeing with you . 
   yes , it is . 
  there is no plan to redistribute refugees ; the only plan in place is for the redistribution of 160k refugees belonging to the already-registered group , and even that plan has only managed to move a few hundred people . 
  there is no plan for the new migrants , and there wo n't be at least for months . 
  what exactly do you think the attempts to create migrant quotas are ? 
  the issue is that the eu has to work on multiple fronts at the same time : you have to put an end to the completely uncontrolled movement of the refugees , you have to implement a functioning migrant quota system despite delusional morons that refuse to realize that it 's virtually impossible to protect a sea border from refugees , and you have to get agreements with turkey into place to reduce or stop the flow . 
  handling these things in one package was tried and did n't work . 
  hence each issue is now being tackled individually . 
  yes it is , that 's the `` ever '' bit . 
  the only logical conclusion to an ever closer ( also political ) union is a single , unified country . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the eu plan is to have them registered in greece and keep them there and in check until they can be redistributed across the entire eu , as opposed to the current system where they can show up in greece , sometimes registering , sometimes not , and then can basically just walk across the eu , something that both creates chaos and represents a significant security risk . 
  the goal is not to turn greece into a migrant camp , it 's to ensure that both processing and control happens where they land which currently happens to be greece . 
  at the same time , steps in the form of talks with turkey are taken to stop the flow of refugees . 
  yes , that sounds like a good idea . 
  you guys should probably get your government to do that then ( given that this is something that is still the responsibility of individual national governments ) , so that the polish people can decide whether it 's something they actually want to sign up for or rather something they continue to want to be signed up for . 
  the treaty of rome that the eu is based on . 
  no , that 's what the treaty of rome says it is . 
  i have no idea what your politicians presented it as , mind you , and i really could n't care less . 
  the simple truth is that the ultimate goal of the eu has n't changed , and it that is n't for you then you should quit . 
  except it is n't . 
  the eu is a democratic union , where directly elected representatives or governments elected by the people of each eu nation make their own decisions .
