  people are simply looking out for their self interest , and an unhealthy euro is pretty much the opposite of what the german industry is interested in . 
  how the hell is it trending downwards ? 
  it we n't from 5.20 to 6.10 to 6.70 . 
  thats the definition of trending upwards , not downwards . 
  not really . 
  the only if once the budget is balanced is whether the government is capable of making profitable investments . 
  no , because a balanced budget means room for loans so long as they can be used for sufficiently profitable investments , which can in turn generate a total surplus which can then be used to further revitalize the economy . 
  and this is you still missing the point in favor of getting really really mad . 
  from a financial point of view ( which is what i described in the quotes you got oh so outraged by ) greece is salvageable . 
  whether doing so is worth it from a humanitarian point of view and hence advisable is ultimately dependent on whether the adjustments necessary ( however far reaching they end up being ) are less hard hitting than a default . 
  that is quite literally all there is to it . 
  by the government . 
  investing is exactly what governments should do in times of economic recession , however , being in a debt crisis simply means that that option is not available until the debt crisis is resolved . 
  also , if greece ever managed to actually get its budget balanced then the front page news surrounding it would hardly be the same as the ones they are right now . 
   we passed that point way ago ... now more austerity measures means both.you can see it after every austerity package i disagree . 
  theres still plenty of financially inefficient social spending and tax collection has n't even really been implemented . 
  from a purely financial point of view greece is salvageable . 
   pension investment is the last source of money for the private sector because the public sector was shrinked by over 30 % . as you cut pensions you close more shops and ofc you are reducing the productivity etc. . . unless you give all the money to public sector . 
  from a purely financial point of view that 's not the relevant point though . 
  the relevant point is whether the improvements in the economy caused by pensions financially outweighs the costs of pensions . 
  shrinking the economy and imcreasing the jobless quota ( assuming that you do n't pay any kind of benefits to people without a job either ) do n't factor in , the only question is whether the number at the bottom line is higher or lower . 
   we passed this line too ... humanitarian concerns can not be left behind.already , the decrease of the public sector cause so much damage to the hospitals ( some islands dont even have doctors at all ) , the suicides percentage is doubled and 500.000 greeks left greece.lets not speak for the homeless people or the people that dont have electrisity and water ... lets not speak about the kids that are starving . 
  thats a decision the greek government will have to make . 
  that said , do n't assume that these things could n't be worse in a default scenario either . 
  the gdp to debt ratio is not the point though . 
  primary surplus vs annual credit repayments is . 
  as long as greece manages to generate enough income to come up with its debt payments it frees up money for investments to then in turn improve the gdp . 
   budge is never going to ballance with austerity ... as you are decreasing the jobs , the pensions , the salaries and you are raising the taxes you are decreasing the income of the country.in the end noone will be capable to pay . 
  theres a difference between the economy shrinking and the income shrinking . 
  the former shrinking is going to be expected , but that does n't mean that it ca n't be milked for more money than it previously was . 
   moreover , i doubt that greece can accept more austerity with 30 % unemployment , with 300-350 euro pensions , with 1 million people working at an undeclare job , without labor protections which the result it that hundred thousants of people are working without getting money and of course with huge taxation . 
  thats conflating humanitarian issues with financial ones . 
  from a purely financial point of view pensions are a bad investment , for example . 
  from a humanitarian point of view however they are necessary . 
  the question , as previously stated , is to what extent humanitarian concerns can be left behind in favor of financial ones until defaulting becomes the more acceptable solution . 
  true , but its also nearly impossible for the imf to make a good estimation of something like that . 
  basically , what happens in this situation is that creditors set rather basic target goals for debtors and make predictions on their success without being able to implement them themselves . 
  as a result of this it becomes rather difficult to determine what exactly the problem was if the predictions turn out to be dead wrong . 
  for example , the target goals the creditors argued for could have been faulty from the start , causing the rift . 
  alternatively , the execution on the debtors side could have been faulty , coming to the exact same conclusion . 
  i always find it a bit odd that a lot of people consistently blame the imf despite their measures working in every other european country so far while also conveniently ignoring however hard administrative issues in greece may have factored into that situation . 
  unsustainable based on what ? 
  purely financially ? 
  sure . 
  but from a purely financial point of view this situation is hardly unsustainable . 
  in theory , the government could track down everything with a negative return value ( ie the government suffers more net loss from it than net income ) and slash into it until the budget is balanced . 
  however , from a humanitarian point of view doing so is completely unsustainable and a default would be preferable . 
  thats really what this is ultimately going to come down to , the question of which is going to be less painful : further austerity until the budget is balanced or a straightup default . 
  depends . 
  is it better or worse than a default ? 
  the pleasant combination of financial and economic crisis really does n't leave room for anything other than those two options . 
  in theory , tsipras could block all further eu sanctions against russia . 
  however , in reality all other member states would still be free to meet without greece and institute sanctions anyway . 
  the way i see it this could be some kind of default strategy in which tsipras is trying to make sure that greece will receive access to loans from russia at a reasonable credit rate post default and/or an attempt at pressuring creditors through hinting at supporting russia . 
  eh , i often get the impression that a very significant portion of reddit consists of kids that are afraid that their toys will get taken away and will then make up ludicrous explanations as to why that would basically be the end of the free world or some nonsense like that . 
  the porn filter seems like a very good example of that : theres nothing fundamentally wrong with the government equipping parents with an easy to use system to regulate their kids internet use . 
  however , it does represent an effective method to take porn ( among possibly other things such as torrents ) away from kids and is as such something that said kids will obviously not want . 
  yes . 
  from my understanding one big problem was that state employees ca n't actually be fired , so instead of changing that legal situation and making cuts where its sensible they kept it like it was and made them where it was possible to do so ( due to expiring contracts and people entering retirement ) , meaning that the public sector is still inefficient but is now even less capable of fulfilling basic functions . 
  now they 're turning around and blaming the creditors for `` making them do it '' . 
  because the infrastructure in question is already there . 
   wrong : greek labor costs are similar to portugal , and lower than spain . 
  such blossoming industry nations , attracting investors in droves . 
   no , that was under control - national debt was stable around 100 % , spending was stable at 45 % , tax revenue was increasing . 
  the problem was the lack of assistance of the central bank in times of crisis . 
  the problem was that greece had too much debt amassed and was consistently reliant on loans just to keep from defaulting . 
  as soon as loans were n't freely available anymore and the banking crisis threw the economy into recession they were screwed . 
  news flash : they have the same problem , but they 're not in nearly as dire need of investments as greece is . 
   if the debt grows at the same pace as gdp there is no problem . 
  it 's in fact the case for most advanced economies . 
  yes , there is , because during recession thats going to come back around to bite you in the ass . 
  its basic keynesian philosophy : if you do n't create any kind of buffer during boom time recession is going to fuck you up . 
  theres a limit on how much help can/will be provided and where lines are drawn in that regard . 
  the current greek demands simply cross said lines and are as such being rejected . 
  solidarity certainly was part of what was used to sell it ( though the more rational `` its in our self interest '' argument also played a role ) but it was never some kind of extreme `` if one falls we all fall '' policy implied . 
  ... that was never the idea , in fact we have rules in place that state the exact opposite o_o . 
  i 'd just extend that to us/western involvement in the middle east in general . 
  the amount of people that that has gotten murdered , dismembered , raped or virtually any combination of the three in the last couple years is pretty depressing . 
  i mean , over the last few years we have ( either explicitly by directly participating or implicitly by not really stopping it while maintaining close economic and military ties with the us ) destabilized/destroyed several countries in that area , leading to brutal , dragged out civil wars and the creation of a literal terror state . 
  they could n't because the americans were being sneaky assholes . 
  heck , in fact the french wanted to veto it but could n't due to the previously mentioned assholery . 
  if memory serves , what happened basically was that there was a preexisting un mandate on the iraq regulating wmds , and there were loosely defined `` sanctions '' should said mandate be violated . 
  the ` muricans claimed that such a violation actually happened ( despite the un being unable to confirm it and in fact asking them to allow further un investigation on the matter ) and determined that previously mentioned loosely defined sanctions meant `` bomb the shit out of '' ( which was not the uns original intent at all , but who cares ) , claimed that this meant that they already had a mandate and concluded that as such nobody could veto their actions . 
  this reasoning should under scrutiny roughly hold up as well as russias claim that the crimean annexation was legitimate and theres totally no russian troops in the eastern ukraine but this is the united states we 're talking about so no country saw themselves as in a position to really do much about it : / . 
  the taxation does n't have too much to do with it . 
  generally , to get a strong industry going you need the necessary infrastructure ( factories and the like ) , something that private investors have to build up first . 
  however , you wo n't find many investors willing to do so in greece if they could simply do so in another country that has much lower wages and get much cheaper labor there . 
  taxation obviously factors into the same vein , but it is not nearly as significant . 
  in the end , investments are going to be made where the highest profit can be raked in , and taxes simply dont affect that quite as much in this case . 
   i think you need to replace this in context . 
  if your gvt did a major screw up ( in addition of beeing corrupted ) , would you personaly feel responsible ? 
  i would probably not . 
  yes , because i actually voted for my current government , though i would argue that those that explicitly voted against them should n't necessarily have to . 
  regardless , in a democracy you ca n't completely remove the government from the people , which i think is the main point here . 
  tsipras arguing that the greek people have suffered `` through no fault of their own '' is implying that the government of a democratic country is entirely removed from its electorate , which is nonsense . 
   they actually did what we asked them to do , at least for the budget cut part . 
  and here is the result . 
  i find this to be a bit misleading . 
  we gave them loose-ish parameters to follow and target goals ( iirc we also wanted them to fix their tax evasion issue , which has n't happened at all really . . ) , the execution as well as major decisions along the way were left up to greek governments . 
  the imf didnt tell greece to fire its tax inspectors , the imf told greece to reduce its public sector .
