  we would as such merely participate in an ongoing conflict to make sure that we do not get fucked over by it the results , rather than starting one ourselves . 
  you 're assuming a role as perpetrator though . 
  i 'm just tired of russia and the us destabilizing every me country they can get their claws into while we get to deal with the fallout of our neighbouring region being slowly turned into a dumpster fire . 
  i would n't call using military force to counteract neocolonialist sentiments a form of neocolonialism in and of itself . 
  it does n't have to necessarily come down to neocolonialism . 
  however , as it is right now the states and russia can play their games and we get to pick up the tab as countries close to us are destabilized . 
  it would be nice to be able to represent our own interests in such a situation by bringing our own military to the table . 
  fundamentally the whole always playing nice and not ever really needing an army thing sounds great but is not exactly realistic in a world where the truly big players just really do n't give a crap about such sentiments . 
  given the german plans for poland and eastern europe in general i can guarantee you that you would 've been worse off in that scenario . 
  unless you consider being subjugated by the soviets worse than being subjected to a full blown genocide , of course . 
  sure , neither would 've been the best outcome , but there was no real chance of that happening so i do n't really get why anyone would glorify people that fought with the nazis against the communists . 
  i do n't mind it so long as we use it to be more assertive on a global scale . 
  right now we 're basically getting fucked over in every u.s.-russian proxy war in the me , and it would be nice if we could use force to ensure that out interests were represented , not only on a german but also on a european scale . 
  that said , building up our military means actually having to use it . 
  just having it catch dust waiting for a russian invasion that just straightup is n't gon na happen in the foreseeable future would be rather foolish . 
  while making these kinds of threats is illegal i doubt they could make consequences that could actually keep him from harming people ( effectively infinite detention , deportation , termination due to him being an enemy combatant ) stick . 
  sure , beyond that they 'll be watching him , but there 's nothing from stopping him fromrandomly grabbing a knife one day and stabbing the shit out of someone , for example . 
  sure , but there 's not much they can do about it either way until they can catch them actually doing something . 
  you do not have to die due to somebody else fucking up . 
  simply prioritizing your safety over the safety of someone else in a situation that you yourself have n't caused is not unethical , making purchasing a car that does it for you perfectly alright . 
  now what does that have to do with anything ? 
  how does this in any way , shape or form relate to my comment ? 
  what are you even on about ? 
  uhmm ... okay . 
  those are your views and youre entitled to them . 
  i think they 're pretty damn crazy but i do n't see a point in really debating them ... 
  how is that even remotely what i 'm saying ? 
  like ... if it comes across as that , okay , the combination of hungover and tired may have made me more incoherent than i thought , but all i was really trying to talk about was how the constant claims of `` whataboutism '' are stupid . 
  it 's based not only on breaking international law but also on getting away with it because the rest or a significant enough portion of the international community lets it slide . 
  this creates a situation where competitors are pushed into also breaking the existing rules because they would simply lose in the long run otherwise . 
  this problem would n't exist if every country were equally penalized for violations of international law by the international community . 
  it is however also important to point out that this is not about assigning blame or justifying the actions of countries like russia . 
  it 's about the importance of being able to provide context and the relevance of demanding consequences for anyone that violates international law at all times , not just the people we dislike right now . 
  making comments to that effect is hence perfectly relevant and should n't be met with consistent shrieks of `` whataboutism , whataboutism '' , as is sadly often the case . 
  as an aside , i would point out that the us is far from the only country that is making the international stage less safe and stable by getting away with violations of international law , so it 's important to avoid pure america bashing as they are not the only nation involved in making things more shitty . 
  you 're basically saying that breaking international law is fine so long as enough governments that you deem to be morally superior to others agree with you . 
  that makes international law entirely meaningless . 
  you still have n't addressed my actual point though . 
  what edgy teenagers think is pretty much irrelevant to the conversation , so i 'm not too sure why you brought it up . 
  as far as having international support goes , well , that 's kind of the problem . 
  violations of international law should n't have support outside of the occasional fring case of , for example , a permanent security council member committing an act of genocide or supporting one without offering any way of resolving the situation in question . 
  the line of thinking you 're presenting however makes it a popularity contest , which turns international law into a farce . 
  i also do n't see how these countries being dictatorships matters . 
  there 's nothing in international law that makes otherwise illegal actions legal because they were done in opposition to a dictatorship , at least as far as i know . 
  overall you really have n't done much to address my point though , so i 'll repeat it : when allowing one country or several countries to get away with violations of international law , you push their competitors into doing the same as they will not be able to keep up otherwise . 
  as such , bringing up current or at least somewhat recent legal transgressions of the us ( in this case ) that were left unpunished is perfectly relevant to the conversation at hand . 
  i 'm so tired of the whole whataboutism nonsense . 
  international law represents a set of rules that , on paper , all nations have agreed to play with , in doing so accepting limitations to their own ability to manipulate or create global events in their favor . 
  if one country can just freely break those rules it follows that their competitors have to do the exact same thing simply to stay competitive . 
  as such we are effectively pushing countries like russia and china every time we 're allowing the us to get away with something illegal or doing something along those lines ourselves . 
  so yes , what the us ( among others ) is doing or did do is very much relevant when discussing the actions of , for example , russia . 
  none of these countries exists in a vacuum , so the actions of one serve to greatly influence the actions of another . 
  huh . 
  that 's not what i would 've expected in that particular area . 
  they 're right next to pakistan , and can go to india if they do n't feel safe there either . 
  they also have to go through turkey to even get to europe in the first place . 
  plenty of places that are safe and closer than europe . 
  making an informed decision is harder now than it used to be . 
  the internet has given us wide access to echo chambers and misinformation , which makes being misinformed easier , not harder . 
  there are parts of the geneva convention that are rather questionable , so disagreeing with some of it does n't appear all that insane . 
  define legitimate . 
  based on international law it is n't a legitimate action , but then again , most recent or ongoing conflicts come down to being illegitimate under those conditions . 
  in terms of how countries actually conduct themselves , representing their own interests either by direct military action or just by generally messing with another countries sovereignty is pretty damn normal , so if we were to define `` legitimate '' as `` just how the game is played '' it would certainly fit that . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not just gas stations or about being the driver in bw . 
  i recall a woman trying to buy shitloads of alcohol at the grocery store the other night and throwing a rather amusing fit when she could n't due to state laws . 
  the problem is that the economy is not something that is entirely within our control . 
  all it takes is for the chinese or the americans or someone else to mess up a little bit and youre looking at a recession no matter what you do . 
  on the other hand , if you save up money now you can use it to deal with the next recession , creating consistent , stable growth rather than explosive , risky growth . 
  in germany they have effectively shut down the possibility of a left wing government though because one of the parties ca n't enter into coalitions with the others , meaning that merkel is basically guaranteed to be reelected . 
  her reelection is already guaranteed because our left is an idiotic mess , so that 's not really something she 's concerned about . 
  we do n't . 
  but processing asylum requests , denying them where appropriate and getting deportation going takes a fuckton of time . 
  he was making a joke , questioning whether these muslims would now accidentally eat animals slaughtered in a fashion more humane than halal slaughtering . 
  that 's all . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly you 're on about , but i think you experienced a huge whoosh moment somewhere during this conversation . 
  because it 's the only thing relevant to the conversation ? 
  the living conditions of people living in s. america are irrelevant as far as the topic of meat from there is concerned . 
  unless the people are the meat in which case i should probably considere eating my steak well done rather than medium rare . 
  it certainly pays enough to allow people to live a pretty decent life if they 're reasonably smart about spending their money , it 's more than evidently sustainable if you look at our current motherfuckin budget surplus and makes sense economically because money spent on welfare ends up driving consume domestically which in turn helps out the economy . 
  the hell are you on about . 
  well , she 's right . 
  the current ruling establishment of saudi arabia is far more moderate than the general population . 
  overthrowing the saudi arabian government would hence give way to even more extremist islamists , meaning that the continued oppression of the saudi arabian people by their government is in fact something that is in the best interest of the british and indeed general european population . 
  indeed . 
  i mean , at that point you basically walked past the refugee camps ( understandable , living there is unpleasant ) , the nice housing , the nicer housing and the nicer housing with extra monies . 
  at some point it becomes really hard to justify to still keep walking . 
  we 're going to build a wall and we 'll make the titans pay for it ? 
  that 's a really slippery slope though because extremists taking positions also held by moderates is by no means a new concept or one exclusive to right wingers . 
  as such , you could theoretically tell pretty much anyone that they talk like someone on the extreme of their political spectrum as chances are that some of said extremists have made or support the very same arguments . 
  i was n't aware that headscarves were banned , i thought it was just some towns banning that weird swimwear ? 
  it 's not like they 're facing some massive onslaught that would require them to mount a desperate defense or anything . 
  russia is n't really interested in or going for a full scale war , at least as far as we 've seen . 
  they 're in a complicated situation that will require a complicated solution if the ukrainians do n't want to end up just generally fucked so i do n't really see any value to nationalism . 
  if anything that 'd make some approaches more difficult as for example coming to an agreement with russia would n't be something that a fired up population would be interested in , so you 'd might end up making the situation worse . 
  i feel nato countries have generally done a pretty good job of devaluing international law by breaking it and getting away with it . 
  it creates a situation where countries like russia have a fairly easy time swaying their own public by pointing towards our own violations of international law while it becomes more difficult to drum up support domestically - after all , why should we inconvenience ourselves in any way to enforce rules we evidently do n't actually give a fuck about ? 
  now let 's not be unrealistic here . 
  the burgers will never be safe . 
  particularly because you could just mean `` polish '' as `` in poland '' , rather than as `` run/supported by poland '' which would be a factually accurate statement . 
  that was varoufakis as well ... the banks got shut down because he and tsipras wanted to hold their weird referendum that they then proceeded to completely disregard .
