  on the contrary , sweden seems to think that this is exactly how things should be , so the rest of europe is interested in seeing just how it plays out . 
  extraordinary measure to achieve what exactly , and in what way is this going to be beneficial in ending the greek debt crisis . 
  if paired with centralization of fiscal policies there would certainly be advantages to policies adjusting interest rates on the long term , however , i fail to see any direct short term benefit that would allow this `` extraordinary measure '' to actually aid in ending the debt crisis . 
  theres a lot wrong with that proposal : essentially , as far as i understand it what this does is that a country that is likely already borderlining having too much debt can take on even more debt with a ludicrously low interest rate because the loan would effectively made by the ecb and not by the member state themselves . 
  one big flaw with this is that the eu induced ability to loan at a significantly too low interest rate is one of the major aspects in causing the greek crisis : greece was able to loan more and more money , servicing old debt with new debt , constantly increasing the amount of debt but also swimming in an economic bubble where debt induced overblown spending allowed for growth . 
  this works for about as long as you can actually service old debt with new debt , something that you generally wont be able to do forever as greece found out the hard way . 
  allowing countries to effectively take on cheaper bonds as soon as they already arguably have too much debt is essentially begging for a repeat performance . 
  not only that but the proposal implies direct financial liability between member states through the ecb . 
  as soon as a country is in too much debt the eu will effectively step in and take the responsibility of paying it , after all . 
  this is the exact scenario that the no bailout clause wants to avoid and as such most certainly is a breach of it and hence needs to be discussed with the individual parliaments , even if the law is not requiring it . 
  i would also point out that thats why i called it sneaky . 
  while im not entirely sure whether this change would violate the letter of existing eu regulations , it would most certainly violate the spirit and intent of it and as such would require parliaments to actually be okay with it . 
  also , i have no clue how this is going to fix the greek debt crisis . 
  the problem is that greece is unable to service its debt , lower interest rates dont help with the immediate problem . 
   lastly , if you do n't think it matters whether the rest of the eu seeks to break syriza then i ask you only to consider the long term implications of such sentiment . 
  it doesnt matter because theres no real evidence for it . 
  if syriza makes proposals that justifiably piss off the rest of the member states then the memberstates becoming sharper in their tone and becoming united in their rejection is absolutely to be expected . 
  as such , it becomes impossible to determine whether their actions are rooted in a desire to destroy syriza or simply because syrizas proposals are somewhat insulting . 
  you are perfectly entitled to feeling however you want to about the decisions made in the 4 +2 treaties . 
  however , that doesnt change the reality of the situation . 
  in which case it would be a war reparation , not a regular loan , and already legally covered . 
  then greece should treat it as the zero percent interest loan that it was agreed as with the nazis . 
  thats really the crux of the problem , that zero percent interest loan isnt really worth shit anymore , however , greece is trying to add a hefty interest rate to it making it effectively a war reparation rather than a genuine loan . 
  i dont really care whether you feel `` tolerant '' of the rest of the eurozone regarding rules or anything like that . 
  the situation is still the same , varoufakis is trying to make governments do something that they absolutely do need to check with their parliament and in the process with their electorate without doing just that . 
  these governments are perfectly justified at being outraged at that , especially if basically every proposal he puts forward is a new way of basically repeating that attempt . 
  it also doesnt matter whether federalization is off the table or on the table or whatever as of right now . 
  what matters is that trying to get the no bailout clause out of the way while not pushing for federalization is simply not a viable option . 
  this in connection with his sneaky attempts to push the no bailout clause out of the way regardless makes the annoyance , anger and general opposition of all the other governments perfectly justifiable . 
  it doesnt matter whether the rest of the eu seeks to break syriza or is genuine about finding a solution . 
  the reaction to the current greek proposals would be the same in either case , and its the one were seeing right now . 
  two reasons . 
  one , the eurozone is something that nations signed up for with a certain set of rules , one of them being the no bailout clause . 
  what varoufakis is essentially doing is trying to sneak around that without getting the parliamental approval from all the other member states , essentially without allowing democratic processes to do its work . 
  regardless of how you look at it , thats not cool . 
  secondly , any change like this implies financial liability inside the eurozone , meaning that nations with a better economy will find themselves in a position where they will have to compensate for countries that screw up financially one way or another . 
  without a strong centralization of monetary policies across the entire eurozone this creates a situation where eu members can spend beyond their means to create growth while ruining their budget and then have the rest of the eu foot the bill . 
  that is not an acceptable situation . 
  as such proposals like greeces need to be part of a full package that includes proposals regarding centralization of power/straightup federalization , something that varoufakis is refusing to deliver to a remotely satisfactory degree . 
  the issue is that the way asylum works is that you have to take in any asylum seeker that arrives at your shores . 
  while that is ultimately a necessary regulation it does open itself up for abuse . 
  my personally preferred solution is to turn boats of asylum seekers back around and guide them towards stable countries while also providing very substantial financial aid towards countries that suffer a natural but still heavy refugee load to ensure that they can treat refugees well and ensure their safety . 
  essentially , in doing so we could stop criminal organizations from having a profitable business shipping people across the sea while also ensuring the safety and good treatment of the refugees and possibly helping to stabilize conflict hot spots like the middle east through the support of regional nations taking in refugees instead of stroking our own egos about how well we treat our refugees and how tolerant of a society we are while the people who simply dont have the means to get to europe suffer to some extent needlessly . 
  yes . 
  however , an asylum seeker is usually supposed to be somebody that seriously has to get out of their own country for fear of persecution or serious bodily harm . 
  as of right now few conflict zones are close enough to the eu to make getting to an eu country the safest or even cheapest option , as such people seeking refuge in an eu country instead of a safer and cheaper to reach country will generally do so with more than just the need for asylum in mind . 
  people who purely need refuge from wartorn areas will generally not arrive in europe and should not arrive in sweden at all . 
  opportunism is always going to play a role , the question is to what degree that should be tolerated . 
  i dont necessarily agree with that statement . 
  greece is already running a primary surplus and theres still plenty of room to increase income and still some room to decrease costs . 
  as such it seems possible that greece can get to a balanced budget , from where they can then begin making investments and generating growth again . 
  that said , if varoufakis disagrees , which seems to be the case , then he needs to either argue that case with private debtors and attempt to get a debt haircut there or needs to argue in favor of actual federalization of the eu ( which would arguably be mutually beneficial to all member states ) . 
  what he is arguing for right now is not only arguing in favor of making several nations who are in trouble themselves effectively pay donations to greece but also implicitly arguing in favor of a european union that involves implicit financial liability between member states without nearly sufficient centralization of power . 
  except that varoufakis current proposals ultimately come down to other countries effectively making donations to greece , one way or another . 
  theres simply way too much debt to run anything close to an actual investment policy . 
  it should not come as a surprise that none of the other nations governments are too happy with that idea . 
  i largely agree , ensuring the financial stability necessary to make the investments necessary to overcome a depression is basically what keynesian economics are all about . 
  the problem that i personally see is that we seem to have a bunch of people who are all about that investment part without having ensured a budget capable of doing so beforehand , which basically makes the desire to avoid austerity measures now rather unrealistic simply because the money to do so is severely lacking . 
  which is irrelevant considering that the goal of austerity is to achieve a balanced budget from which investing into growth is possible , not to create growth in the first place . 
  i think the wwf is currently trying to `` resettle '' them in the pf\u00e4lzerwald . 
  though to be fair we already have/had them , its just difficult to determine how well theyre doing population wise because theres so damn few of them . 
  agreed though , theyre an awesome addition to the wild life that we should defenitely have much more of . 
  meh , they wont attack you unless they feel you threaten their young in some fashion , so generally theres not much of a risk there unless really stupid circumstances come into place . 
  as such you wouldnt really be at risk as a regular jogger . 
  as long as you dont do something stupid you can reasonably reliably ensure that youll be perfectly safe . 
  the thing is that wolves are pretty similar in that regard , if you dont mess with them they wont mess with you , i hence dont really understand why people are afraid of wolves and not of wild pigs . 
  in fact , im pretty sure a human has a much better chance surviving against a wolf attacking them than a wild pig ... 
  i dont really get the fear of wolves ... 
  i mean , we allow wild pigs to roam our forrests freely , and those can fuck you up quite badly as well . 
  plus , he was just given eight days , thats simply not enough time to pack up and leave . 
  frankly , this is a disgusting legal regulation regardless of the unfortunate circumstances it let to and denmark should be genuinly ashamed of themselves for it . 
  indeed , especially considering that we have a no bailout clause particularly to avoid any scenario where one country could even get remotely close to `` stealing '' ( though that would still be a horrible choice of words ) another ones money . 
  though , to be fair , some are just voicing concern about attempts to circumvent the no bailout clause which is another point entirely and needs to be seen seperately , even though they may sound similar . 
   it is equally weird that voters of a country who spent over 100 billion on stimulus to recover from economic collapse are demanding austerity from countries who do not have access to that kind of capital . 
  no , its not . 
  the one thing is investing money into ones own economy , the other is investing it into a foreign one . 
  also , nobody is `` demanding '' anything . 
  these are offers that greece is perfectly entitled to refuse , at the cost of not receiving further money from the rest of the eu , of course . 
   instead of defaulting and damaging the economy of the union further , already bordering on recession and needing central bank bond purchasing , greece has taken on the responsibility of paying its debt . 
  they are generating a surplus and are paying on time . 
  there have been no missed payments under the current regime and no plans to . 
  the ez is holding back on already agreed to bailout terms made under the previous regime , in order to hold hostage the current regime for political gain . 
  theres no `` hostage holding '' . 
  the eu made a deal with the previous greek government . 
  the new greek government is perfectly free to honor said deal without any kind of change to it from the side of the eu . 
  however , the greek government wishes to renegotiate the terms of said agreement . 
  thats hardly the eu holding anything back now , is it ? 
  also , i would point out that the current greek regime has been in office for about three months now . 
  not a lot of time to miss payments . 
   further reaching reforms are counter productive to growth in greece , which would thus limit their ability to pay back the loans . 
  cutting pensions of poor people takes money directly out of the economy and continues the deflationary spiral that greece has yet to exit . 
  the main problem greece is facing is its escalating debt . 
  without a debt relief ( which is incompatible with preexisting eu regulations ) investing money to create growth is simply not going to work because itll become impossible to generate enough growth to repay the debt . 
   here in america , obama gave tax breaks and stimulus checks to the poor and they went out and spent it , leading to economic growth . 
  i 'm not sure how the ez can consistently ignore proven economic policies of exiting economic collapse in order to push through policies that have shown no success in history , simply for the benefit of its banks . 
  the us is a country , the eu is not . 
  reforms that work in actual countries can not really be applied to the eu without wide reaching reforms that effectively make the eu a country . 
  nonsense . 
  first off :  corrupt government + high debt load + global economic disaster ( three things citizens ca n't control ) its a bit weird that you blame the `` voters '' of one country while also claiming that voters have no control over their own government . 
  after all , both the corrupt government as well as the debt load are things that the citizens supposedly control through elections .
