  this refugee debate has been going on for a while now , and has simply now reached the point of boiling over after stubborn refusals to implement sane european-level policies have caused it to go unsolved for too long . 
   disclaimer . 
  before people frame me about this : those refugees/migrants that are already in europe should be properly taken care off and this burden should not fall exclusively upon germany and sweden ( relatively speaking ) . 
  but i 'm getting sick of this idea that we have to triage all the suffering in the world . 
  which is exactly the thing german politicians are trying to solve . 
  we have an immediate problem of having a bunch of refugees here that we do need to redistribute across the entire eu . 
  until that is done discussing long term solutions is not going to work out . 
  if we could get all countries to agree to the very basic concept that this refugee crisis is a european problem and as such needs to be dealt with as such we could actually work towards a long term solution . 
   eu leadership at this time , can only come from within germany because no outside politician could ever impose anything on an economy the size of germany . 
  the eu is supposed to be a union of equals . 
  no country should have to force things onto other nations . 
  leadership needs to come from a democratic mandate ( meaning cooperation between the nations instead of pure economic power ) , not from some retarded `` we have da most economic dakka , boyz '' system . 
  the problem is that that means having to find a consensus , rather than just strong arming people . 
   i have long wondered why germany does n't push for a proper federal european union . 
  it could take france by the hand and a few other countries and they could simply say to the rest of us , are you in , or are you out ? 
  the fact of the matter is that going back on the euro currency , going back on the free movement of goods and of people would be so damaging to the economy , none of us have any chance . 
  because , as this crisis has made abundantly clear , europe is not ready for that . 
  we ca n't even agree on something as basic as redistributing refugees across the union , and you want us to just federalize ? 
   germany is opposed to fiscal redistribution but here 's the thing . 
  if you wanted to build the eu , if you wanted to take us in , you need at least 1 of 2 things . 
  either you establish fiscal redistribution as a federal state would have , or you relocate more of your industry to other parts of europe . 
  what you ca n't do is you ca n't keep the industry , as well as the new workers you get from eastern europe as well as all the wealth they produce . 
  or , alternatively , countries could be responsible for themselves , and decide for themselves whether joining the union is beneficial for them or not , and not join if it is n't . 
  we are not a federal union right now , so it is absolutely not germany 's job to make your country wealthy . 
  russia is also in favor of assad , who the us is trying to remove from power , something that has done a lot to make the current conflict worse . 
  appearantly , russia now taking a decisive stance to end the civil war ( and , mind you , in the process help stop this atrocious civil war ) does not sit right with the americans , who would rather see the killing continued or something . 
  well , no , with refugees you generally do n't get the choice to say no . 
  however , you also do not have to try to integrate them into your society , refugee camps are perfectly alright and common internationally , it 's just that european governments seem to be opposed to the concept for some reason . 
  another pm that tries to renegotiate terms is probably gon na come down to a grexit . 
  the rest of the ez would just get tired of this nonsense , straightup say no and said new pm would have to either follow up on the previously agreed upon terms or do a grexit . 
  also , the eu and austerity do not go hand in hand , being broke and austerity do . 
  greece could leave the euro behind , but in doing so greece would not leave austerity behind . 
  agreed . 
  heck , given our birth rates we need immigration . 
  however , i would very much like to make use of the * right * of any sovereign nation to choose who does or does not immigrate to ensure that said immigration is actually for the betterment of the country . 
  [ * ahem * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_involvement_in_the_syrian_civil_war )  in june 2012 , the central intelligence agency was reported to be involved in covert operations along the turkish-syrian border , where agents investigated rebel groups , recommending arms providers which groups to give aid to . 
  agents also helped opposition forces develop supply routes , and provided them with communications training . 
  [ 83 ] cia operatives distributed assault rifles , anti-tank rocket launchers and other ammunition to syrian opposition . 
  the state department has reportedly allocated $ 15 million for civilian opposition groups in syria . 
  i think there is a difference between rebels and potential rebels existing , and between them being equipped . 
  the latter is what the us has done and is continuing to do , at leastfrom what the evidence so far supports . 
  a good point could be made that if the us had never gotten involved the civil war would already be over , at least in syria . 
  and yet the implementation of it is ultimately up to individual nations . 
  if a nation feels that regularly integrating refugees into society does not work out for whatever reason , such as increased crime rate or cultural clashes , is is absolutely free to just put them into refugee camps and largely be done with the situation . 
  in this , refugees as a group do have something to prove , namely that attempting to integrate them into society does work out for the better . 
  if they do n't countries will simply no longer attempt to integrate them , ultimately to the detriment of the refugees . 
  uhm , no . 
  seeking asylum can not be a free pass to circumvent migration laws to any country of your choosing . 
  while we do need adjusted regulations to deal with the flooding of countries too close to the conflict zone , our solution to economic migration guised as seeking refuge can not be to say `` yeah , thats a great idea , come on in ! '' . 
  doing so is simply not sustainable long term , and will only invite more and more disaster down the road . 
  that is just dodging the entire question . 
  the problem is that greece does not have the money necessary to do anything but austerity without defaulting , introducing their own currency and printing that till kingdom come unless others provide them with de facto fiscal transfers . 
  this is not about growth , nobody argues that austerity is the only way to achieve growth , heck , you will be hard pressed to find anyone that would argue that genuine austerity is beneficial to growth , this is about the fact that greece got itself completely broke , and will not be able to do anything but austerity without significant de facto fiscal transfers . 
  the question you are dodging is who is to pay for these transfers . 
  the argument is made over and over on here , the actual evidence is never presented . 
  then you should have better evidence for it than empty statements . 
  spending is how germany got itself through the banking crisis . 
  it is absolutely feasible to do so to deal with an economic crisis or a recession . 
  it allows for heavy deficit spending , which in turn allows for investments , which in turn allows you to revive your economy . 
  we 're already fixing as fast as we can , at least where i live . 
  the problem is that you ca n't shut down too many roads at once due to traffic , so it is a slow process ... 
  yeah , but living in syria right now is basically a guarantee that your application will be accepted . 
  once the isis situation calms down a bit it will no longer be , mind you , but right now that is the situation . 
  might as well just put refugee camps here then . 
  very similar end result and both safer and cheaper . 
  austerity is the only solution that works without fiscal transfers when member states are faced with both a massive debt and economic crisis at the same time . 
  this is exactly why keynesian economics absolutely demand building up some form of buffer during boom phases in order to allow for sufficient deficit spending in times of crisis . 
  the core issue is that european governments thought it was a good idea to create a union that demanded high levels of individual fiscal responsibility to work and then have significantly too weak conditions on allowing nations to join . 
  eastern germany generally did not do nearly as well dealing with the remaining national socialism as western germany , just another thing that the soviets kinda ended up getting wrong . 
  it is something that i expect to slowly fizzle out over the course of the next few decades , just like it to large parts did in western germany . 
  well yeah , thats generally how it works . 
  and since wars or unrest can break out in many different places it makes for a fair system where countries are also implicitly encouraged to ensure the stability of their neighbouring countries . 
  whenever another war or similar breaks out somewhere in europe or at its borders it will be out turn to take in the asylum seekers . 
  as it is right now the conflict is not at our borders , so it most certainly should not be . 
  personally , i do n't , at least not at least somewhat strongly upvoted ones . 
  however , the same goes for genuinly racist comments , those are also far between and unpopular , at least on general boards ( both the `` calling disagreement racist '' behaviour and downright racism can be found on fringe ones ) . 
  to me , this whole argument really does seem more like a strawman contest than anything else . 
  yes , pointing out that greece has pissed off voters in other european countries is a clear sign of nazism / s. 
  you know , i would think that your account was some kind of attempt at a carricature if you did n't post so bloody much . 
  i dont think theres that many against pure debt relief , your numbers seem more accurate as an estimate of people opposed to sending new money . 
  true , but for most constituents this also is not about economics , so their knowledge of it does not really matter . 
  greece has simply made themselves fairly unpopular in the rest of the ez ( and no , that is not some conspiracy of `` muh evil media '' , that is simply something that happens if you go around acting like a twat ) and as such large portions of voters no longer want to deal with them . 
  welcome to democracies , where pr actually matters . 
  moral of the story is that turkey needs to be kicked out ot nato asap . 
  nato is only as strong as the willingness of all of its memberstates to defend one another , and right now if some country decided to come and kick turkeys ass we would have good reason to cheer them on for it and no really good reason to defend turkey . 
  given the current geopolitical situation we can not afford to have the spirit of mutual commitment to defense weakened , and turkey is doing exactly that . 
  as such they have to get the fuck out . 
  becoming a federal body would require more centralization though , so i do n't really understand your point of view . . could you elaborate ? 
  it has to be the other way round , really . 
  you ca n't have it factually be `` them '' and expect others to think of them as `` us '' . 
  if you want shared eun interests you need a more prominent eu , something that has to be put into legal context first . 
  meh , the show does quite a bit of white-washing of characters . 
  the situation is a lot more complicated in the books . 
  can confirm , got heart atta, 
  yes and no . 
  joining the euro gave greece access to very low interest loans , which in turn lead to even less responsible spending and an even higher debt load . 
  in doing so , joining the euro indirectly worsened the situation because it allowed greece to heavily increase the debt load and base the economy on deficit spending even more . 
  the reason that the collapse happened when it did is not related to the euro though , it 's because of the banking crisis , which caused greece to no longer have access to loans to cover previously accumulated debts . 
  the problem is that what is rationally , practically and scientifically better is not always what some people want to do due to idealism or their conscience or whatever . 
  this is the source of conflicts .
