  im fairly confident that the ukrainian media could still broadcast on the crimean peninsula . 
  i dont know about newspapers and their availability though , considering that they would have to cross the border , i would certainly be interested in finding out more about that . 
  do you have any kind of information regarding that ? 
  in terms of international observers : all any nation , region or faction can do is invite them . 
  if they refuse to make an appearance despite being invited because they want to make a political statement then that is a failing on their part and does not serve to declare that the referendum was not the will of the people living in the region in question . 
   i have said nothing of international law , only that international vote monitors be present . 
  that is not a reference to an international law , but just a request for non-bias vote monitors to oversee the referendum . 
  in that case your beef would be with the ukraine and the eu for sticking their feet in the ground and declaring that the crimean peninsula should not get a vote on the matter and not with russia for attempting to give them that vote . 
  its not really possible to organize a referendum with international observers if said observers dont want to play ball . 
   if they had invaded in 1994 then that would be fine . 
  but they did n't . 
  is it inconceivable to you that people can change their mind ? 
  i have to very strongly disagree with this . 
  if it was wrong to invade now it would have been just as wrong to invade then . 
  if you argue that it would have been permissable to invade in the nineties then the invasion now would have been justified as well . 
  the issue here is simply that you justify a violation of international law based on attempting to enforce the will of the people living in a certain region , a sentiment that i would personally even agree with given the current rather ridiculous state of the international law . 
  however , if we do start to cross that line we do have to accept that russias actions regarding the crimean peninsula now are justified under the same premise . 
  after all , they did set up a referendum and they did even invite international observers for the vote , though those refused to show up on the grounds of the referendum being illegal ( more about that [ here ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/03/11/ukraine-crisis-referendum-osce-idindeea2a0ds20140311 ) ) . 
  to be clear here , both arguing that a violation of international law is unacceptable and as such russias actions regarding the crimean peninsula are wrong and arguing that the will of people living in a region is morally justified regardless of what international law says and hence russia was justified in their actions regarding the crimean peninsula are ultimately viable stances to take . 
  what is not viable is to switch around between the two . 
  whatever you can call the nonsense isis or boko haram has subscribed to certainly qualifies , to use a very obvious example . 
  though im not too big on the term rape culture since only focusing on the rape aspect doesnt really do all the nonsense that such a culture usually includes justice , hence the use of `` shit culture that needs to die '' . 
  meh , to be fair it can be a thing . 
  some shit subcultures could be described as rape cultures , though id rather describe them as `` shit cultures that really need to die '' . 
  but claiming that india is a `` rape culture '' and not denying an internship because of that is simply straightup idiotic on both counts and simply goes to show that we really need to start doing something about idiot tier feminism as a society as part of our effort to actually stop all forms of bigotry . 
  its not a question of his deference to europe . 
  obama is simply not taking the steps necessary to actually go to war with russia should they happen to actually invade the ukraine with a regular force and head to kiev . 
  if he seriously planned on potentially going to war you would see much more troop movement towards europe ( ie more than the token forces deployed to reassure eastern european allies ) , nuclear preparations even if only for defensive purposes and so on . 
  yes , lets hope that the israelis will vote for a less war hungry and generally more reasonable leader in their next elections that can finally work towards putting an end to the palestine/israel conflict . 
  you would likely see russia isolated from the rest of the world diplomatically as well as more heavy handed sanctions , but that would be about it . 
  you 'd might find military supplies being sent , but i strongly doubt that they would come in on time to actually make a difference . 
  theres nothing russia would gain from an observer mission though , hence why they wouldnt accept one . 
  they wouldnt though , at least if it came with an end to the sanctions . 
  freezing the conflict would still be a win for russia , since it would keep the ukraine from joining any meaningful military alliances until they give up all claims to the rebel held territories . 
  well , first we 'd need to get prussia back of course . 
  poland , could you come over here for a second , theres something id like to discuss with you . 
  agreed on both terms , i would however remain skeptical on the israel situation , something tells me that we will be looking into another direction again the next time israel has to `` defend itself '' by bombing the crap out of the gaza strip . 
  also , one thing that i found really disappointing was the completely lacking reaction to the us supporting and evidently supplying rebels in syria while also blasting putin for ( at the time only ) supplying ukrainian rebels in roughly the same timeframe . 
  it seems rather difficult to contribute to building a fair global community that is capable of handling conflicts without military or economic aggression on the ashes of blatant hypocrisy , but perhaps thats just me : / . 
  both he or they work . 
  its true that some people find the use of the `` he '' offensive , but theyre usually also the people that insist on using `` herstory '' instead of `` history '' so i think they can be safely ignored  . 
   because what got that country into trouble with russia was it looking at us , the eu , for help in combating corruption . 
  its not a question of what we should be doing from a moral point of view . 
  from a moral point of view i fully agree : we should be doing something , though i dont think anything involving the military is an at all good idea . 
  from a moral point of view we also should have done something about the us invading the iraq ( above frowning in a disapproving fashion , that is ) , we should be doing something about the illegal and gross stuff that israel continues to get up to and so on . 
  however , i am wondering why all of a sudden what we prefer doesnt matter anymore , as is what / u/bl25 _ g1 seems to be implying , when we clearly have a choice to do whatever we want to when it comes to the us ' and its allies violations of international law , disregard for human rights and general international dickbaggery . 
  why is one nation doing it something we can , have and will freely ignore while what we prefer doesnt even matter anymore when a certain other nation happens to do it ? 
  now , in regards of using the military : the way i see it regardless of what we do the ukrainian people will lose if we get out military involved in any way , since any escalation of the conflict will at the very least feature their country as a main theater of war , killing countless of civilians , destroying the infrastructure and leaving the country in ruins for a long time to come . 
  as such , regardless of the very obvious threat of engaging a nuclear power in a military fashion any military solution we would come up with would end up being unable to fulfill its purpose - helping out the ukrainians . 
  so unless our goal is to shove a figurative erection of military might down another nations throat , which is a pretty american thing to do and likely a cause for the rather aggressive us/nato rhetoric the military can be ruled out as an option from the start . 
  i would also like to address your point about the us being more powerful and , as such , dealing with it being more difficult for us . 
  thats not a good stance to take . 
  either the rules apply for all nations , and then we have to enforce them on all nations which would have meant economically sanctioning the us , or they dont apply for any nations in which case we dont have a good justification for sanctioning russia . 
  now , that doesnt mean that we cant sanction russia now , but it does mean that if we do go down that route , which i am very much in favor of , we will have to sanction the us the next time they start breaking international law and will have to start sanctioning all nations that are currently in the process of violating international law . 
  that is , from my point of view , the only morally acceptable stance to take . 
  the only aggressive stance available outside of sanctions is based on the military , either by proxying it up and supplying ukrainian forces with weapons , training or things to similar effect or by getting involved directly . 
  as such arguing that sanctions are not enough is implying that the military needs to come into play , which at this current time does not seem like an outcome that any involved european party would actually benefit from in the slightest . 
  i would also like to once more point out that the question regarding the us in this argument is simply why exactly , according to / u/blg25 _ g1 anyways , our preferences do n't matter in the face of russian aggression against a country that we have no obligations towards while appearantly they do matter in the face of american aggression against a country that we have no obligations towards . 
  i merely wonder what exactly makes the two situations so different that we absolutely * have * to act in the one situation and evidently do not have to act in the other . 
  no , its not . 
  why exactly should we take a militarily aggressive stance over russia committing to some military shenanigans in a country that we have absolutely no obligations to but not take an aggressive stance when the united states commits to some military shenanigans in countries we have absolutely no obligations to . 
  dont get me wrong , i dont like what russia is doing , but why does what we prefer not matter just because its russia that is being aggressive in a conflict that we have no obligations towards . 
  no , its because the lethal force part is ultimately a lose-lose-lose situation for all european parties involved . 
  im rather curious which sane european would actually like that outcome . 
  basically , for this to work we 'd need to undermine local democracy and replace it with european democracy , meaning a closer union with much more jurisdiction over policies , including fiscal ones . 
  as of right now every nation only has its own interests in mind and is also not really responsible for any others . 
  hence its currently not exactly reasonable to expect aid packages from more well-off nations that are simply more expensive for them than greece defaulting and subsequently leaving the euro . 
  if we want to become a closer union we hence have to make that decision now . 
  what we cant do is have nations act against their own interests now in the hopes of maybe becoming a closer union at some point in the future . 
  yes , you can categorically lay it all to rest at their doorsteps because its a direct consequence of the decisions they made on their own . 
  no country went out to specifically harm greece . 
  countries simply looked after their own interests while greece completely failed as a country . 
  that is on greece and greece alone . 
  look at the iraq now . 
  look at afghanistan now . 
  yknow , something tells me that these people would love to have things back to the way they were before the us came in and ruined everything . 
  your example is actually somewhat self defeating . 
  in the case of the law the question of double standards is very much a valid one . 
  after all , how is one person , company , nation or even alliance supposed to compete with another one if one of them is forced to follow a much more strict set of rules . 
  thats exactly what the issue comes down to , on a global stage different nations with different interests can be in competition to each other , and if one of them , in this case the us , basically disregards what is supposed to be the law then its opponents need to do the exact same thing simply to remain competetive . 
  continuing to selectively enforce the law is doing nothing but furthering the problem by undermining the law and in doing so legitimizing the actions of those disregarding it ( since theres no relevant law that they would be breaking anymore ) . 
  that doesnt mean that bringing up the us or any other nation or group is a helpful contribution . 
  your example of hawaii , for example , is very rarely if ever going to be a viable contribution . 
  however , it does mean that not every argument involving the us in discussions about the russia/ukraine conflict is an attempt to `` deflect '' . 
  as such its not helpful to just yell `` whataboutism , whataboutism ! '', 
  as if its some kind of win the argument button whenever somebody does it . 
  i suspect it was more of a warning from putin , really . 
  killing off a guy that from what i can tell was appearantly neither too well liked nor relevant is not going to cause a huge domestic uproar , but it does send a rather clear message to putins enemies . 
  if it had been a false flag then i suspect they would have gunned for a prominent enemy of putin in order to get the population pissed off . 
  obviously , this is merely speculation , it is for example just as possible that the guy simply messed with the wrong people without putin even involved . 
  i largely agree , but its not entirely that simple . 
  it is important to provide context in politics , and american politics are most certainly context for russian ones . 
  as such loudly yelling `` whataboutism '' whenever someone brings up the us on this particular subject is about as helpful and reasonable as yelling `` the us is literally hitler , only putin can save us ! '', 
  whenever someone makes an argument against russia . 
  similar situation here . 
  it 's basically sold as delaying greece 's debt repayments to give them time to fix their economy and tax collection . 
  the news outlets that bothered looking into it on a more in depth leveleither came to a similar conclusions as yours . 
  not sure where this whole alleged misinformation can be found , tbh , seems more like a myth to me . 
  yes , that 's why it 's called a bailout . 
  to be fair , that referendum was some kind of retarded joke .
