  it 's mainly about recognition . 
  if it 's a place that people know and possibly feel connected to and that does n't have a reputation for terror attacks to the point of desensitization they 'll make a grand gesture of empathy . 
  if it 's a place they do n't really know or care about they 'll go `` ehhh , whatever , its prolly an explody place anyways '' . 
  as such , it 's not really about race or culture , specifically , but about * pop culture * . 
  probably would do more good so long as you televise it . 
  shit ideas like fascism ca n't stand up to actual debate . 
  i agree , however , i would like to clarify that i do n't think anyone is doing what you 're describing here :  that would be undemocratic , and that 's quite close to not recognising the democratically elected candidate as legitimate to represent your party not supporting a candidate is not the same as not recognizing their legitimacy . 
  refusing to support someone is not the same as as failing to acknowledge their legitimacy . 
   and if the discourse revolves around so much reporting and talk about brexiteers being old and racist , reporting on their statements , the crimes being committed because of it , then it 's pretty safe to assume that it 's a vocal part of your fucking position . 
  or that their opposition includes a bunch of people that love circlejerking about racism rather than actually talking about the issues . 
  which considering that every fucking sjw worldwide seemingly decided that brexit was somehow the big stand to take seems like a fairly plausible theory . 
  i actually do n't think it would be ok for macron to not recognize the results in the case of a le pen victory . 
  she 'd be a legitimately elected president , after all , as much as one may dislike that . 
  does n't mean he 'd have to stick his head in the sand and go along with everything she 's saying . 
  functioning democracies offer plenty of legitimate avenues for those that lose elections to still fight for their cause . 
  however , from what i can tell it 's not like valls refuses the acknowledge his parties front runner as legitimate , he just does n't support them . 
  and that seems fairly close to the perfectly legitimate democratic tools that functioning democracies afford to the opposition to their governments . 
  would n't being a member of an opposition party be undemocratic if we worked under that definition ? 
  after all , the people still voted for a certain government , so is everybody that does n't go along with it being undemocratic ? 
  because i do n't really see that , losing an election generally does n't mean having to nod along with everything the winner does , and i 'm not really sure why it should be different for party internal primaries . 
  in fact , i 'd say that having to go along with eveything the winner does is closer to a tyranny of the majority than anything else , which is n't exactly considered democratic either . 
  in fact , democratic nations usually put safeguards in place to avoid that very problem . 
  i fully agree that country wide democracy is more important than party internal one either way though , so i guess it 's kinda moot anyways . 
  i actually do n't disagree . 
  in fact , i do n't think anyone with a modicum of integrity should run in a socialist primary if they make you agree to support the winner no matter what . 
  integrity both demands that you put your country over your party but also that you keep your word , meaning that to simply run means to subvert it as you accept the possibilty of a situation where you have to give up on one of them . 
  my point does not concern valls ' character though . 
  the point i am making is that it is not undemocratic for him to support macron . 
  to determine the front runner for your party ? 
  that 's the point of a primary . 
  that does n't mean that everybody has to be ok with the result , and has to fall in line . 
  honestly , the only truly undemocratic thing in all this is to make candidates agree to support the winner of their primaries rather than whomever they think is best for their country . 
  that 's just demanding that they stop doing their democratic duty to do what is best for their country and instead do what is best for their party , when it 's supposed to be the other way round . 
   it 's also a completely unenforceable solution . 
  it 's perfectly enforcable . 
  it 's not like the curry smell just goes away , so you 'll find it during an inspection . 
  then you can kick them out for violating the tenancy agreement and keep the deposit . 
  sure , you 'd probably still lose money , but only through the people dumb enough to violate their agreement ( which you 'll have to deal with anyways ) , and at least you 'll have the people in question away from your property reasonably quickly . 
  that does n't have anything to do with democracy . 
  that 's a matter of honor or integrity , and you 're free to criticize him on those grounds . 
  that 's an entirely different conversation though , so calling it undemocratic stilk does n't make sense . 
  of course it 's free . 
  media corporations are owned by people though , does n't mean that they 're not the free press . 
  how does it go against democracy to support the candidate that you think is best for your country ? 
  that seems like the exact opposite of being undemocratic . 
  oh , so they did n't vote for a nationalistic leaning government that lacks respect for judicial institutions or the free press and is willing to undermine both ? 
  because it sure as hell looks like that from here . 
  that sounds great and all , but people can rarely deliver actual plans for how it should be executed . 
  which is n't just eu member states . 
  though honestly , i do n't like giving eastern europe leverage over my country eu or not , given that poland has somehow decided that russification is somehow a good idea , the v4 somehow think that selective solidarity is ok ( though only when they do it ! ), 
  and that belarus is another disaster waiting to happen . 
  not to mention that the ukrianian political situation is still highly unstable . 
  ultimately , the eastern european member states are covered by the principle of solidarity either way so we would n't let russia exert undue pressure either way , and i do n't really see why the ones that are n't member states should get protection . 
  i 'm pretty sure we were in favor of south stream though . 
  it 's not about being good or bad people . 
  they 're just trained to resort to lethal force extremely quickly compared to other countries . 
  it 's nlt that they 're bad police officers for shooting people , it 's just that americans have weird priorities when it comes to their law enforcement . 
  though i guess it 's not surprising that police is trained to be quick to shoot when that entire fucking country is armed to the teeth lol . 
  but he may not want you because of the consequences of all the ... saving he 's done . 
   we need them to succeed in order to show that modern , european state with islam as one of main religion is possible we do n't , really . 
  it 'd be nice but it 's not like we actually need it . 
   we need their military ( second largest in nato after us ) , we need them to protect our borders no and no . 
  the western military is more than sufficient without them , and we can increase its size without much of a issue . 
  we can also protect our borders , it 's just that doing so usually does n't look pretty so our politicians prefer to let other countries do it and play the moral superiority game . 
   they are the gate to europe , we need them as part of europe that just sounds like an empty statement . 
   if we wo n't have them the russia will . 
  oh no , not another shitty unstable dictatorship that will probably fall into chaos sooner or later and that ca n't actually take us on militarily , whatever will we do . 
  you do n't get to hide behind some constitutional quirk or election weirdness . 
  you elected him . 
  own it and do better next time . 
  it 's what we did when we screwed up much worse than you did , and it worked out for us . 
  a bit of humility will be good for the us , anyways . 
  austrians can come too , once some ... legal changes are made . 
  you can block it completely , strictly speaking , but it costs you a ton of political capital . 
  solidarity is generally seen as a two way street , and if you do n't extend it to others you may find yourself disappointed when you 're asking others to extend it to you . 
  giving other countries a perfectly valid reason to disregard your national interests to avoid taking in an ultimately negligible number of brown people would simply be a bad decision . 
  i 'd say greece needs to fix it 's structural issues first , then we can look at the debt . 
  right now we 're just rolling their debt over anyways , so it 's actually not that urgent of an issue . 
  once they have created a solid foundation with an efficient and reasonably sized public sector and functioning tax collection and the like we can look at other factors , but right now any debt restructuring just would n't do anything other than delay the next crisis by a few years . 
  she 's a populist though and populists can get away with a lot . 
  as an ideology populism is based on the belief that elites are effectively running your country/the world to benefit themselves . 
  a populist runs on a platform of defeating said elitists and in doing so improving the lives of their constituents . 
  in the process their supporters often accept that they `` play the game '' ( meaning corruption , dishonesty and the like ) or that the mainstream media which is of course also part of the establishment lies about them . 
  that does n't really have anything to do with the film or the russian legislation though . 
  an argument that marriage is a religious institution can certainly be made , though i would heavily dispute it given that people generally do n't seem to give a fuck about the implications thereof whenever it does n't suit their agenda ( divorce should be illegal outside of special circumstances if we went with the purely religious institution angle , for example ) . 
  however , presuming that everything but marriage-called-marriage is fine openly homosexual characters in fiction should n't be a problem or cause an outrage , as it has with this film . 
  after all , until we have a pair princes/princesses get married in a cathedral disney is n't touching on any of the topics you and i are actually disagreeing on . 
   there are nuances regarding this issue you are not considering such as ? 
  i 'm not trying to start a fight or anything , just curious . 
  the eu has its own defense treaties independent of nato . 
  while the us and other non-eu nato states would likely stay out of the conflict eu member states would not . 
  meh , obama won . 
  convincingly too . 
  twice . 
  do n't really see anything wrong with that . 
  probably a good idea to go with someone that can actually win when you got the far right knocking on your door . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd call utilizing publicly available information spying . 
  that 's just how advertisement works in the 21st century . 
  it 's a bit more sophisticated than normal , sure , but it 's hardly some shocking insidious method of mind control . 
  i 'd also be shocked if both sides did n't use it , and be more pissed at the left than anything else if they did n't .
