  so no , its not necessary . 
  the only thing it is is harmful . 
  treat people like human beings , regardless of their nationality and/or political views instead . 
  wouldve solved greek crisis at the cost of others * . 
  which is really the crux of that . 
  this crisis could easily be solved by other member states essentially throwing money at greece , either directly or indirectly by throwing money at private banks who will then throw money at greece . 
  the ecb `` blew up '' , just like they rightfully wouldve if the suggestion had been `` other memberstates should simply pay greeks debt '' . 
  you can feel about the state of the eu however you want to , you can agree or disagree on the whole financial-but-not-fiscal-union thing all you want . 
  this article still doesnt offer anything to the conversation other than that the rest of the eu is unwilling to pay a whole bunch of money for greeces fuckups , which i 'd expect we already knew . 
  careful with that , i heard purchasing a new one was expensive in italy :-) . 
  possibly , i personally think its just boring old troop exercises but it could most certainly be some form of provocation/insult . 
  what i said was :  i really dont think putin gives much of a crap about moldova , ** so long as the moldovan government doesnt take steps to take the transnistria region ** emphasis for futher clarification . 
  if youre interested in more information on the subject of the georgian war i encourage you to look up the osce report on it . 
  the russo-georgian war started because georgia attempted to take its breakaway regions , something that putin didnt want . 
  putins interested in keeping the breakaway regions broken away is quite likely related to nato though since nations with ongoing territorial dispute cant join , so the breakaway regions do a good job of keeping these nations out . 
   i hope you are right , otherwise we could see moldova added to the list of frozen conflicts russia has started and perpetuates . 
  moldova has been a frozen conflict for over 20 years now . 
  thats the point . 
  i would personally prefer if both moldova and russia could stop acting like five year olds and attempt to ensure that the best interest of thepeople living in the transnistria region is served , but these are former soviet countries so i 'm not holding my breath on them solving this in a mature fashion . 
  crimea is actually important to him due to its port . 
  and he didnt give a crap about the georgian regions so long as the georgian government didnt try to take them back . 
  when the georgian government went to reclaim them he took action , same would happen if moldova took action regarding the transnistria region . 
  i really dont think putin gives much of a crap about moldova , so long as the moldovan government doesnt take steps to take the transnistria region , considering that theres nothing to really gain from going after them . 
  can we stop it with the shill accusations already ? 
  some people disagree with each other . 
  some people are simply idiots . 
  and no , you dont have to be paid for that . 
  so stop assuming shilling when the only evidence you have is that you happen to disagree . 
  italy already went to the international court of justice on a similar matter and basically lost completely , so dont hold your breath on that . 
  legally speaking greece essentially doesnt have anything to stand on in this matter . 
   third , state borders have some legal basis , while arbitrary lines do n't . 
  if you are ready to give up some territories , why not some others tomorrow ? 
  the difference between borders with a legal basis and somewhat arbitrary lines is one signed document . 
  in case of the occupied eastern ukrainian territories that would be a document that only requires to be signed by the ukrainian government . 
  also , giving up or keeping territories can easily be dependant on circumstance . 
  if you cant afford to hold a territory , dont be an idiot and try holding it regardless . 
  i would also point out that both of your other statements are nationalistic in nature and do not at all relate to eu integration , which was my point , so thank you for making it for me . 
  yes . 
  but the problem is that by attacking the territories occupied by pro russian rebels the ukrainian government is allowing russia to reinforce the rebels through a border that they control which makes freezing the conflict ridiculously easy , while also ruining the ukrainian economy in the process . 
  theyre basically taking the quickest route available to becoming a failed state instead of trying to take control of the situation . 
  the best solution depends on what your goal is . 
  if your goal is eu integration , as the original poster claims , then that may very well be the best approach and is at the very least a signficantly better approach than what theyre currently doing . 
  thats why im arguing that their motivation for fighting is not eu integration as the op claims , but a nationalistic desire to restore their borders . 
   ukraine 's goal is to defend the state : now or never !, 
  and thats why im saying theyre fighting for nationalism . 
   of course it is nearly impossible your way - who would recognize the state who 's government does n't know where are its borders ?!, 
  its very , very easy to give up territory so thats not a viable argument.they can simply state that certain territories are no longer theirs and thats the end of it . 
  no , they should prepare to defend whatever borders they have rather than trying to go on the offensive to retake the regions they lost by being exceptionally sloppy , something that ruins their economy , ultimately doesnt gain them shit and puts their country in a position where eu integration becomes nearly impossible . 
  the latter , obviously . 
  which is still a significantly better option than turning themselves into a failed state which is what theyre currently doing and which is exactly what russia wants . 
  in the current political situation ? 
  but times change . 
  theres no way to know who is going to rule russia in ten years . 
  heck , theres no real way to know what the political situation in any of the major powers is going to be in a decade . 
  as such , its generally a good idea to be prepared in order to avoid being caught with your pants down . 
  that said , i find the fact that some eu/nato countries up their military out of fear of russia right now hilariously dumb . 
  theyre not under any more threat right now than they were three years ago . 
  no , they seem to be fighting for nationalism . 
  if eu integration was all they cared about they could have simply reinforced whatever de facto borders they had left to avoid further hybrid warfare shenanigans and counted their losses , forcing russia to either invade proper or to leave them alone . 
  why the hell would you put the world leaders there ? 
  you need to put a healthy breeding stock 0f the human species in , jeez do you even apocalypse ? 
  id argue that theres a difference between snitching and between cocaine showing up at your supermarket and you reporting it . 
  in the latter case the fuckup happened somewhere earlier down the line and somebody else is ( literally . . ) going to lose their head for it . 
  yes , but you wont have anything of theirs so it would be a pointless waste of money to do so . 
  that priority is basically one of the major reasons why you may find seperatism in countries that are generally poorer or go through a specific crisis . 
  people feel disenfranchised from their countries democracy and decide that their region is better off without it , something that can very easily be reinforced by ethnic , historical or cultural differences . 
  as such i would point out that you really need a better argument as for why that region isnt currently seperatist , one that likely exists considering that it evidently isnt , since your current argument really doesnt work . 
  yes . 
  ultimately , you cant keep spending more money than you make for an extended period of time , and that goes for countries as well . 
  the rest of the eu citizens will barely feel greece defaulting , because while money has been loaned to greece none of the economies in question is actually really reliant on getting them back at this point . 
  also , i would point out that even with all the bailout money given to greece a greek default would probably still be cheaper than it wouldve been during the original crisis , simply because it wont further collapse the banking sector , so the measures were a success even on an economical level . 
  i dont see why the measures would have to account for anything of the sort youre implying . 
  they are not in place to ensure that greece doesnt ever default , they 're in place to give the greek people an alternative to their country defaulting . 
  if they feel that defaulting is the better path for them then they can do that . 
  the important part is that they still have the choice , not what choice they end up making . 
  no , that doesnt mean they were poorly designed . 
  they were designed to give greece an alternative to defaulting ( which they , factually speaking , would have to do without them ) , not to protect the greek people from all the consequences of their country going broke . 
  you can feel whatever way you want to about this , mind you , but the implemented reforms served and would continue to serve their stated purpose . 
  i dont think this is a good idea for them . 
  while i personally disagree with a lot of the eus approach to the whole russia situation as of right now greece heavily depends on european goodwill , especially if they want to have any hope of improving their standard of living anytime soon . 
  acuiring or even holding onto goodwill is going to be very difficult if they get too close to someone large parts of the eu are currently rather pissed at . 
  meh , if `` government wasting '' means excessive spending during a financial crisis , then no , that works as well . 
  the crux is that you need to have the money to spend in the first place , which greece doesnt . 
  no , the consequences are different dependent on how much you can trick your way out of legal obligations . 
  they can claim whatever they want to , but that doesnt make it true . 
  greece can always default , however , that option carries its own consequences . 
  because greece has no real way to cash in whatever `` debt '' germany supposedly accumulated since the situation has been resolved as far as legal processes are concerned . 
  this is simply a luxury that the greece doesnt share . 
  as such greece will lose completely if both `` play hard '' , as you put it . 
  except legally speaking we dont owe them anything . 
  you could most certainly argue that it was morally wrong to basically weasel our way out of paying reparations , but weasel out we did regardless . 
  i feel like they tried to explain complicated issues using humor and in the process failed at both the explaining and the humor part . 
  iirc the parliamentary elections were the same ones that would have happened anyway , with a significant amount of time where a parliament that a lot of eastern ukrainians would have good reason to believe no longer represented certain parts of the population . 
  i would also argue that the assumption that no civil unrest would have happened is rather naive . 
  not everybody was alright with the way the maidan went down and it is to be expected that some of them would voice their disagreement in a fashion that would cause unrest . 
  ... oh please do enlighten us , what does `` freedom of speech '' mean . 
  its connected to a part of them wanting european values , but theyve also gone and ditched most of said values in light of the russian invasion . 
  the change right now is going in the entirely wrong direction , if anything . 
  allow the crimeans to hold their referendum provided that international observation as well as un forces ensure that its done well . 
  russia would agree because they would win regardless considering the peninsulas history .
