  it seems logical that someone that has to defend defensible positions and statements would have an easier time in a debate than someone that has to defend a bunch of looney nonsense that they randomly spouted earlier . 
  commitments that you agreed to are hardly something we just made up , yknow ? 
  rules that we have no way of enforcing , particularly since sanctioning countries that are already having debt troubles is an awful idea . 
  in addition , pure deficit targets do n't really account for the problems relating to welfare benefits and workers rights on a local level . 
  it 's gon na be fairly difficult to tell people in one country that they have to put up with worse conditions so people in another country can run a slightly larger deficit while being better off . 
  that just invites a whole new set of political conflict , so it would n't really do much as far as the current stability issues go beyond shifting them elsewhere . 
   a solid public debt management at the european level instead of letting everything to the individual member states leading to distortions since some members will get better financing deals than others . 
  even if it may be `` fair '' in the short term , if you drag this to the long term then you are effectively creating a vicious cycle that will affect everyone . 
  there 's this thing called `` solidarity '' that is crucial for everyone to benefit from common public debt management . 
  that would require some serious political centralization . 
  otherwise countries could just run financially non-viable welfare states or stretch worker 's rights to the point of not being sufficiently competitive and effectively have countries that do n't extend these privileges to their citizens pay for them . 
  because there are no examples of socialist or communist successes . 
  in fact , there 's not a single example i could even begin to think of of a socialist or communist country that did n't either give up on it or turned into a total dumpster fire . 
  that 's not to say that countries that allow for free markets and private ownership of the means of production and all those liberal things are perfect , but as far as the europe and north america are concerned all of them are better places to live in than any of the socialist or communist countries . 
  well , mind sending the champagne to me instead ? 
  do n't really care about any special occasion or anything , but it 'd be a shame to let it go to waste by letting it rot in your basement . 
  no , it 's not . 
  this is a guy that thinks he should represent the interests of every french person , not just his supporters . 
  he should do what he thinks is best for france and not just blindly follow his supporters . 
  you can make that argument against any tax or anything protecting workers . 
  just create the most extreme strawman you can think of and proceed to intelligently point out how employers ( or , well , non-employers in this case ) would n't put up with it and leave . 
  it 's the perfect argument to enslave our people into backbreaking sixty hour work weeks under horrible conditions that will likely kill them before they have any chance of reaching anything close to a pension age , because after all , nothing else could possibly work !, 
  oh wait , what are you saying ? 
  we 've already moved past the industrial revolution and are able to both keep our people employed while also sparing them terrible working and living conditions by implementing reasonable laws and regulations ? 
  well , does n't matter , it 's not like we could do something similar with automation , that would just be silly !, 
  the question is not whether it gets worse , it 's whether people are willing to take the risk . 
  change can always backfire , but someone desperate enough is still going to take their shot . 
  that 's why it 's up to the center to keep those extremist elements in line by doing a good enough job for people to have too much to lose or too little to gain to risk said elements taking over . 
  blaming or insulting the people voting for these candidates is wholly counterproductive . 
  instead these attacks need to be directed at the people currently in power who are creating this situation through their incompetence . 
  it 's not impossible to run countries in a fashion that keeps this elements at bay , but you do n't achieve it by giving your politicians a pass while turning the discourse with your fellow citizens even more toxic . 
  60-40 is perfectly comfortable so long as he can maintain it . 
  it 's well outside of the margin of error . 
  going for the kill is always iffy in politics , as it also means overextending yourself since you need to aggressively pursue voters leaning towards your opponent , which can in turn put the center and your base on shaky ground as you 'll become less distinguishable from your opponent . 
  or they could just try to argue policy as le pen is still going to be burdened with frankly foolish positions on policy , particularly regarding the eu . 
  imo the worst thing the left and the center could do is trying to make the nazi label stick - it reduces the election to a mudwrestling contest over whether they can successfully brand her which is a lot closer to 50/50 odds wise than i 'd like rather than one about policy where macron has the decidedly upper hand . 
  why should i bother . 
  i do n't care why it does n't work , point is that evidence shows that it does n't . 
  time has done it for me . 
  and why should i ? 
  i really have no reason to care . 
  it has been attempted multiple times , it failed , and i 'm not interested in my country becoming part of or being the next guinea pig for it that will ( if past evidence is any indication ) turn into a dumpster fire in the process . 
  something `` working '' does n't mean it ca n't be replaced by something better . 
  however , communism and socialism have a track record that very strongly indicates that they 're not better than what we currently have . 
  hardly , given that there was historic precedence for democracies working out long term and that democracy as a system actually worked out once attempted . 
  unlike socialism or communism . 
  the problem is not the presence of failure but the absence of success . 
  or , in more simple terms , the problem is not that the soviet union failed but that there 's not a single example of socialism/communism working out . 
  so i 'm not using the soviet union as an example , i 'm using every single attempt at socialism or communism . 
  given that all of them failed it is perfectly reasonable to work under the assumption that future ones are doomed to similar fates . 
  the conversation you wanted to have was had . 
  the attempt you wanted to make was made . 
  it did n't work out . 
  it 's time to move on . 
  of course . 
  you 're free to keep pushing but you really should n't be surprised to encounter resistance from people who see the state socialist and communist countries ended up in and do n't want to risk their countries going down the same route . 
  the problem is not necessarily that people want to change things and create a more fair and equal society . 
  the problem is that they stubbornly want to do it on the back of systems that have shown no indication whatsoever of actually working . 
  if someone can come up with something new then we can start thinking and talking about it , look towards testing it out in smaller environments and adopt it if we 're confident enough that it actually works . 
  however , what we have right now is not people coming up with new ideas , it 's people coming up with slightly different versions of socialism/communism and promising that things will be different this time and countries wo n't turn into dumpster fires . 
  and spoiler alert : shit wo n't be different . 
  their ideas wo n't work . 
  they have shown themselves not to work . 
  you wan na change things , fine . 
  great , actually . 
  but come up with something new . 
  sure , she has the by far lowest chance of winning , to the point where it 'd probably take some kind of apocalyptic event to give her the presidency . 
  m\u00e9lenchon not making the second round basically guarantees that the french president wo n't be some extremist nutbag . 
  i 'd say m\u00e8lenchon is worse for the eu because he 'd have more of a chance of succeeding . 
  i feel like le pen would be fairly similar to trump , lots of populist rhetoric and yelling but very little getting shit done . 
  i do n't think she 'd actually be able to push a frexit through . 
  m\u00e9lenchon on the other hand could push for `` reforms '' in the eu first , fail at that because he wo n't find nearly enough ideological support and then push a frexit through after `` proving '' just how `` terrible '' the eu is . 
  m\u00e9lenchon wo n't get any changes through either . 
  there 's just no broad ideological support to move far enough to the left for him to get the other member states to go along with him . 
  and being an ideologue i really doubt he 'd be willing to compromise for a centrist approach . 
  if anything , having a french president that is busy railing against the eu as it is spreading evil evil neoliberalism is probably worse as far as getting le pen elected than having one that is defending the eu . 
  savings , firstborn , whatever , take it all . 
  i would n't be surprised if she `` won '' the first round ( as in get the most votes ) because these far right movements tend to outperform polls , but they wo n't do so to the tune of more than four or five percent tops . 
  there 's no chance whatsoever of her getting over 50 % lol . 
  that 's not what populism means . 
  populism is the belief that a country or the world at large is run by elites that are only concerned with their own needs rather than with the needs and that these elites need to be fought . 
  a populist is a candidate that wants to take power from the elites and return it to the people . 
  an `` elite '' that mostly does whatever the people actually want is the exact opposite . 
  an argument could be made that if a party were to run on a platform based around overturning the results of a referendum and actually win it would be fair game . 
  after all , both are expressions of democratic will , and people can change their minds . 
  not that it matters though , given that there 's no serious push to run on such a platform . 
  same . 
  le pen would just be another alt right idiot if she were to win . 
  she would hold her speeches , make an idiot out of herself , bitch about brown people some more and fail to implement anything meaningful that ca n't be reversed when she would inevitably lose the following election . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is the one that can do actual damage . 
  but it 's hardly the cause of it , given that it 's not like these exports would go to other member states if it was n't for germany . 
  instead , you 'd likely see the global competitors snatch them up , with the benefit for other eu nations being negligible . 
  on top of that we 'd have an even weaker euro , screwing over the already import reliant economies . 
  mainly because modern day `` fascists '' are n't particularly fascist anymore . 
  the overton window has closed on the right much moreso than on the left , meaning that someone on the current fringe right is more moderate than someone on the fringe left . 
  basically , the fascists stopped being real fascists , but the socialists did n't stop being socialists . 
  you can say something similar about le pen and even trump . 
  it 's not like they get much done , and it 's funny as hell to watch . 
  but frankly , right now we need strong french leadership , not them putting on a clowns mask and deciding to be the entertainment act for the next couple of years . 
  plus we already have the americans and more than one comic relief is rather excessive .
