   in the fund 's eyes , if greece is allowed to make less of a fiscal adjustment than originally sought , someone else has to put in extra money or reduce debt costs to make the numbers add up . 
  and that someone can only be european governments . 
  and this perfectly sums up what exactly pisses me off about the imf in this whole debate . 
  if they wanted a debt relief oh so badly they could institute it themselves , heck , unlike the eu they actually do have a debt relief program that they could enact . 
  in a free society this is basically the only system that works . 
  you need to have a currency to trade goods , and larger systems such as nations or companies will want to have the ability to acquire large quantities of said currency at once to be able to afford higher cost investments . 
  the organizations providing said high amount of currency will in turn also need to make a profit , if only to compensate for every time an investment fails and someone won be able to repay their debt . 
  this alone sets up the current system . 
  if you want a different system you need different governmental structures , ie things such as communism . 
  however , in a free society banks , creditors , debt and all that stuff is a foregone conclusion . 
  not necessarily . 
  the problem is not the individual financial cost of forgiving greeces debt , but the impact it would have on the way the ez functions as a whole . 
  for example , right now we are still requiring several countries to follow austerity measures , something they may very well decide to no longer pursue if we start forgiving debt . 
  doesnt really invalidate that syriza made a whole bunch of promises they cant keep . 
  i think thats a problem with a certain idealist portion of the political left that think they have it all figured out until they come into power and realize that they actually dont . 
   you know budget defect and debt are two different things ? 
  yes , having a surplus , or a lower deficit makes paying down debt happen quicker , but syriza were voted in on the basis of anti-austerity , and they do not have to back down to the eu . 
  if they want more money from the eu they kind of do . 
  greece wouldve defaulted in the middle of a generally crashing economy featuring a banking crisis while still running a significant primary deficit , something they would have had to turn around almost immediately due to the difficulty to get any kind of loans at a non suicidal interest rate during the crisis right after a default . 
  good luck turning around a primary deficit during a hefty economic crisis . . 
  given that not doing anything means greece defaulting and as a result likely leaving the euro which is kind of the thing thats supposed to be avoided doing something that may not work is still the better option . 
  if anyone can present something new that has any chance of working in the current situation , sure . 
  it would be even less in the interest to set a precedent of debt relief that all other nations that currently have to undergo austerity could follow . 
  hence the current situation . 
  to the extent where it benefits itself , sure . 
  because otherwise our banks would have been screwed ? 
  its not the job of any country but greece to ensure that greece doesnt overspend itself into a debt crisis . 
  and in regards of austerity : the greek government is free to submit a realistic proposal that does not necessitate debt relief and does not include hefty austerity at any time they feel like it . 
  the rest of the eu would not say no to any such proposal . 
  the problem is that the greek government has so far failed to do so . 
   that is nonsense . 
  the imf 's role is to act as economic advisor 's and pressures for good policy that will ensure a reform of the economy , and the payment of the debt in the long term . 
  the imf is not unwilling to do so themselves , they are unwilling to do it unilaterally . 
  they do n't even hold the biggest portion of the debt . 
  if the imf was serious about giving out a debt relief themselves they would already have to start the hipc initiative procedures , which is their debt relief program . 
  given that they have n't i dont really see any willingness to participate in a debt relief themselves . 
   portugal and spain have not had as bad experiences with austerity as greece has had . 
  austerity has not failed as badly their . 
  as for fiscal transfers , frankly this is a good thing . 
  the eurozone needs reform , and fiscal transfers will be part of a long term solution , other wise the currency union is doomed to fail anyway . 
  that does not mean that their austerity is pleasant or that their austerity programs meet no opposition , which is the problem . 
  all it takes is , for example , for the podemos to win in spain and we 'll get another greece there rather quickly . 
   greece obviously feels the same way about deep austerity . 
  they are already in a great depression . 
  the problem is that now is the time to act , not in a couple of years . 
  if the eu ca n't perform debt relief , or ca n't agree to lower primary surpluses , or ca n't change the nature of austerity it is imposing on greece than greece will fall , confidence in europe will be shattered , and the situation `` a couple years later down the line '' will be a serious unknown . 
  maybe it wont be a big deal , but maybe it will be the end of the eurozone . 
  right now is the worst time to act possible . 
  eu scepticism is at a high and theres no real time to come to larger reaching agreements . 
  not only that , but all the debt that is currently maturing is debt that greece has pledged to pay back anyways ( imf and ecb ) with the only debt portions that greece wants relieved not maturing until starting 2020 ( in initially very small doses , mind you ) . 
  if the only reason that syriza wants to force the issue now then i 'm sorry , but thats idiotic political posturing instead of seeking actually viable solutions , and if that does lead to greece defaulting then theres nothing to really be done about that . 
  given how fifas moral authority is currently basically in the shitter it would be a good time to elect an antipope . 
  alternatively , syriza could also admit that they are unable to fulfill their promises to their voters . 
  thats what they should be doing instead of letting greece fail . 
  and the imf is most certainly part of the problem . 
  telling other people to perform a debt relief while being unwilling to do so themselves is , frankly , a douchebag position to take . 
  if they want to see a debt relief then they should be the one to do it . 
  and i dont think the eu can sustain that pressure . 
  the issue is that several eu countries such as portugal or spain still do need to follow an austerity program . 
  if they cancel their current programs , something they are technically allowed to do , all of them will head to greek levels unless also provided with a debt relief . 
  in turn , it also sends the message that the eu will in fact perform de facto fiscal transfers to ensure the continued financial stability of its member states , an assumption that already represented part of the problem leading up to the original greek debt crisis , since it leads to an improved credit rating and in turn a much lower interest rate on private loans , something that ultimately can lead to overspending and a financial crisis . 
  as such , no , i really dont see how the eu could afford to perform a debt relief at this current time . 
  a couple years later down the line , once the other nations currently undergoing austerity and paired with much more broad eu wide regulations maybe , but certainly not now . 
  a mandate that is reliant on other countries effectively giving you money is not a good mandate . 
  especially if said debt relief comes down to being incredibly risky politically because both primary creditor parties , the imf and the eu , are creditors to more countries than greece that could in turn use this debt relief as a precedence for attempting to force their own debt relief . 
  hmmm , seems like they 're also practicing dealing with civil-ish uprisings , which is a really good idea considering that the complete failure of the ukrainian government to deal with that issue at all is essentially what allowed russia their success in the donbass region . 
  quite looking forward to watching the whole thing . 
  it was . 
  really , it wasnt that difficult to figure that this problem was going to come up eventually . 
  banking crisis or no consistently running a total deficit is going to lead to a financial crisis at some point , and if a large portion of your economy is based on public spending a hefty economic crisis is going to come with it . 
  while the banking crisis certainly made matters much worse the current greek crisis was always going to happen , greek governments seemingly just refused to ever address it and rather pretended that everything was sunshine and rainbows . 
  why would anyone be a nazi for not going to war , that doesnt make any sense o_o . 
  meh , its not really much of a question of that necessarily . 
  theres an issue with the way that nato essentially grants a large scope of immunity from military threat regardless of what actually started whatever war is going on combined with nato being a political tool rather than an alliance of nations who would genuinly be prepared to go to war for each other . 
  for example , turkey is a nato member and they 're basically russia lite at this point . 
  its perfectly plausible that they would get into a situation where they could call article five into action and at the same time be the absolute pricks in that situation . 
  not answering the question . 
  i am asking what happened to economics not being a morality play . 
  because thats exactly what `` responsibilities '' that countries within a union are supposed to have according to you despite not being explicitly stated anywhere sounds like . 
  which seems rather irrelevant to this argument . 
  there are factual obligations and rules that are part of the european union , which are the ones that were previously agreed upon . 
  everything beyond that seems like a question of morals , hence my asking whatever happened to economics not being a morality play ? 
  responsibilities that were previously agreed upon and that dont involve having to save other countries from defaulting , sure . 
  but how does that help your argument ? 
  whatever happened to economics not being a morality play ? 
  do we count people who tried to buy votes and failed ? 
  except neither the eu nor the imf dictated a highly detailed plan , meaning that the majority of administrative control was left to the greek government . 
  which messed it up , surprise surprise . 
  if anything the lesson to be learned from that is that greek governments cant be trusted to govern greece meaning that conditions attached to further bailouts need to be much more strict and in-depth . 
  i didnt claim there was a different alternative . 
  sometimes all you get are pieces of turd . 
  however , the other two sucking does not make tsipras better which , again , is something that is showing now . 
  theres a difference between electing someone new and electing the guy that makes election promises that he simply cant fulfill because they rely on freely using other nations money to achieve them . 
  the latter is a bad idea due to having a tendency to just not work ( as we can see right now ) independently of whether or not the other parties are also shit . 
  to be fair , the game is n't really set in medieval europe . 
  its actually much more complex and well thought out than that and is explicitly taking place in an alternate universe . 
  in fact , our universe even seemingly makes a brief guest appearance in one of the books , if memory serves . 
  that said , if memory serves the humans of the witches world 1500 years ago in a relatively small number ( i think it was only one fleet that stranded or something ) due to some collision of several universes , which basically rules out ethnic diversity in the human population . 
  because that implies actually doing something productive . 
  these people have essentially made being worthless their prime directive , so do n't expect anything going into that direction from them .
