   but the cuts are not necessary ( some might , but macro economically speaking not ) . 
  this is the whole point , rather than let west-germany go cut their economy to death , they were given the space to let it grow by not doing disasterous things . 
  the east however was forced to do what you say yes , they are . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of world you live in where the notion of countries just spending too much money and as a result having to cut back on said spending does n't exist . 
   and it ruined the place . 
  why for the love of god should other countries ( including greece ) have paid for the bill caused by germany because it was geopolitically convenient . 
  welcome to the real world . 
   and why the fuck is it now so important countries do this , when germans 50 years ago were arguing for the exact opposite , and history proved them right ? 
  i literally pointed out some crucial differences in previous comments . 
  if you refuse to actually , yknow , read them and instead just continue on with your own ramblings there 's not really much of a point to the discussion . 
   and rely on foreign countries for help ? 
  because all i see is a massively hypocrite talking , taking the money when you were poor and in need to build wealth . 
  and now you have the wealth rather than showing the same kindness other countries showed you , you want to extract the pound of flesh like shylock . 
  again , i have explained the problems surrounding fiscal transfers within the eu . 
  feel free to address those points . 
   why ? 
  because we all know germans in particular how to deal with this problem of too much debt , and if we do the right thing we all might profit and solve the actual problems of greece . 
  instead of keeping it in permanent limbo and fuelling the rise of neo-nazism . 
  because it means that poorer countries can simply walk up to richer countries , proclaim that their options are fiscal transfers or insolvency and proceed to cash in on fiscal transfers . 
  without any kind of accountability to a central authority on how said money is spent or on how they run their government . 
  that would mean , for example , that countries could opt to not make necessary but unpopular budget cuts to keep themselves afloat independently and instead make other eu countries foot the bill . 
  because back then we were n't all in a nice fluffy economic union with an underlying principle of solidarity . 
  as such , we could n't just grant a country fiscal transfers once and tell them or others to fuck off in the future . 
  if a country got themselves into a position where they needed fiscal transfers then we would have to provide them , which would put the eu in a very precarious position . 
  i 'm not sure about that , but either way we do n't have fiscal transfers for a reason . 
  changing that , either by changing the law or by making it clear that the law in question is going to have the same , likely negative , consequences . 
  because fiscal transfers are n't allowed . 
  it 's that simple . 
  and also pretty reasonable , given that we have no central authority that could stop countries from deficit spending all the time and then demanding that the rest of the eu foot the bill if we did have fiscal transfers . 
  well , if we 're talking strictly on the basis of principle , they are . 
  nobody is forced to accept eu loans , a country may try their luck on the capital markets or simply start printing their own currency . 
  it 's just that these options suck compared to taking the eu loans and their stipulations , so practically speaking they might as well not be available . 
  you can still resolve economic issues on a local level with the euro . 
  you just have less means at your disposal to do so , but that 's kinda balanced out by the low interest rates you can get from other member states if shit really hits the fan . 
  by the time those oh so horrible austerity measures are `` forced '' on countries they 'd be pretty bad shape , own currency or not . 
  i 'm not particularly well versed in theological debate , but i believe that the argument related to the ten commandments and religious rules/laws in general is that with the new testament they 're guidelines to observe in yourself while obeying the laws of the land , rather than guidelines or laws you are supposed to enforce on others . 
  any punishment from a religious angle is supposed to be divine . 
  that does n't mean that religious institutions never attempted to or did implement laws and that no laws were ever based on religion , just that doing so is not something that christianity as a religion requires . 
  i mean , it does work . 
  political memes are effectively just small pieces of propaganda that can spread rapidly and in the process reach a lot of people . 
  they 're basically like the online version of propaganda posters . 
  i think the point that 's being made ( rather poorly ) is that there 's no code of laws inherent to christianity . 
  that does n't mean that people wo n't use it as a moral center to base laws on or that religious institutions wo n't use it as a tool to expand their power . 
  but it does mean that there 's no necessity for christians or christian curches to do so , and that there 's no necessity for christians to police each other to follow some divine law . 
  does n't mean that people wo n't ever do it , mind you , just that it 's not an inherent part of the religion . 
  i guess the allegation is that a code of laws is inherent to islam , which i guess is a reference to sharia law . 
  do n't know whether that 's actually accurate , but i 'm pretty sure that 's the point being made . 
  basically that islam is both a religion and a code of laws while christianity is just a religion . 
  that really depends on your vetting process . 
  crazy or bigoted views are actually held by a very high number ( arguably a majority ) of muslims . 
  depending on where you set the bar you 'll turn away a lot of people . 
  meh , i 've just accepted that trumpists are everywhere now . 
  the worst part of it is that the ones reasonable enough to have a conversation with tend to not show up outside of politics specific subs , so they just rarely add anything of value . 
  it 's almost like they 're not sending their best or something ... 
  i will say that it 's entirely possible for trumpists to also be swiss . 
  a lot of trumpists seem to think of themselves as part of some global `` movement '' and act accordingly . 
  i 'm not sure why they believe that a global movement in favor of nationalism and somewhat jingoistic attitudes is a particularly good idea though . 
  he also calls himself `` the-great-swiss '' . 
  did n't bother checking his comment history though . 
  he could be an american trump fanatic for all i know , his comment would make a lot more sense in that context . 
  of course not . 
  if there 's a serious risk to the patient you do n't prescribe a placebo . 
  that does n't mean that every time someone shows up to the doctor there 's an actual serious risk . 
  you do realize that you 're pretty high up on the list of places we 'll invade if we ever go back to being insane , right ? 
  like , we 'd barely be done partitioning poland by the time we 'd show up on your borders . 
  why would you want that ? 
  in general it 's gon na be difficult to avoid talking about it if you 're the spd . 
  you will be asked whether you 're willing to include die linke until you actually give an answer , and no matter which way you go you 'll lose some voters . 
  sure , the greens generally have a lot of competent people and i 'd assume that the realo-wing would be almost exclusively dominant in a black-green coalition . 
  there 's nothing that would really make me be weary of that kind of arrangement . 
  not really . 
  schulz still has troubled waters ahead of him , he still has to really talk policy , and he still has to talk coalitions ( something that will almost certainly cost him votes ) . 
  merkel does n't , she can just wait until he actually starts talking about these things and then capitalise on it . 
  yeah , we 'd have to be downright suicidal to sign up for that . 
  to make it remotely viable we 'd need a european government with competence over tax collection , tax rates , pension ages and government employment among other things . 
  it 's not like the hard left is pushing for good things either . 
  communism has killed a lot of people . 
  maybe we should n't let any extremists get away with being shitty ? 
  have fdp take over on immigration . 
  greens on environmentalism . 
  spd on everything else . 
  you end up with a coalition that takes a left wing pro european stance on economic and foreign policy , takes a stand against climate change and is somewhat pragmatic on the whole refugee situation . 
  you basically end up with a coalition that can tackle the most pressing challenges of our time head on while also relying on a stable and somewhat centrist foundation that is able to make headways into europe . 
  mind you , i 'd also be fine with a red-black ( or black-red , respectively ) coalition . 
  or any coalition that does n't involve the afd taking the lead or die linke in any capacity , really ... 
  some facts for you : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/placebo, 
  stop trying to reject science . 
  there 's also a reason why actual medical doctors occasionally prescribe placebos . 
  there 's a reason why clinical trials involve a group of patients on a placebo . 
  it 's because the placebo effect is a real thing that is much more effective than you seem to believe . 
   that 's not a valid excuse to sell fake medecine to the sick and needy . 
  snake oil salemanship is illegal and treated as a scam in most societies . 
  the whole point of medicine is to make people get better . 
  if that can be achieved with a placebo then give them a placebo . 
  it 's their money , after all . 
  and what exactly is your solution ? 
  have them be worse off because you refuse to utilize a scientifically proven phenomenon ? 
  or just pump them full of antibiotics whenever remotely applicable ? 
  neither sound like particularly good ideas . 
   this dismissal of modern medecine you are displaying is destructive and frightening .
