  at the same time , dissolve the maidan and announce put both parliamentary and presidential elections into the same timeframe , to ensure eastern ukrainians that they will remain being properly democratically represented . 
  the only reason that russia could perform their eastern ukrainian shenanigans is by ridinng a wave of civil unrest , which the ukrainian government failed to address . 
  no , the problem is that every nation in the current union is supposed to only be responsible for their own financial situation . 
  as such greeces debt situation would only be greeces problem . 
  other nations can still choose to lend or give money to them if they so desire , but as long as theres no benefit in it for the nations doing it they are very unlikely to do so . 
  that is not a question of social darwinism , that is only a question of nations serving their own self interest as basically every nation does . 
  ultimately , it simply means that eu members are not responsible for the financial well being of member states . 
  the banks would have gotten european taxpayer money anyway , allthough through a different avenue . 
  the problem here is the too big to fail part . 
  also , hope for recovery would have also existed when leaving the euro , however , at likely significantly less human damage than defaulting while maintaining the euro . 
  if they stayed in the euro they would either have to try and still get loans ( likely at interest rates that would have brought them right back to the problem they are in right now , assuming they would actually get any loans ) or they would have to basically let people starve in the streets whenever their money runs out . 
  leaving the euro would allow them to always fall back to the option of printing money , which would at least lessen the blow for the population . 
  i wouldnt really call it a social darwinist union either way . 
  the question is whether its a union that nations join to serve their own interest , or whether the point is to essentially become some kind of federation . 
  both are viable options and both initially have very little to do with social darwinism or markets or any of the things you were talking about . 
  defaulting inside the euro doesnt really work . 
  a country that defaults basically needs the ability to print its own currency and greece wouldnt have been able to do that as part of the euro . 
  it would have likely not changed too much for the rest of europe , but in terms of human damage it would have absolutely wrecked greece . 
  im not focusing on anything . 
  im telling you to not be a douchebag . 
  no , you made a factual claim and i refuted it . 
  accusing me of anything more is , once again , making assumptions . 
  and yes , ive read through some of your other posts . 
  you were being a douchebag there as well . 
  not that that really matters considering that all ive told you to do was to stop being a douchebag , which is , quite frankly , simply basic human decency . 
  the fact that your response to that is to double down on being a douchebag is really telling . 
  whatever you care about , youre doing a really bad job at arguing for it . 
  regardless of your `` audience '' ( though really , you will find a certain diversity of opinion on reddit as well as plenty of people who simply lurk a discussion without having an established opinion on whatever is being discussed ) being a douchebag is not ok . 
  right now , even if the supposed `` anti-sjws '' or whatever you want to call them were dead wrong , all they would have to do is point towards your posts and say `` see , this is what were against '' and they would have made a rather good point . 
  there is a difference between not being serious and between being a douchebag . 
  i suggest trying to figure that difference out . 
  also , i somehow doubt that someone that `` doesnt care '' would engage in lengthy discussions and act with as much vitriol as you do . 
  no , i am saying that your previous statement is factually false . 
  period . 
  this is why i dont like arguing with feminists . 
  its completely pointless . 
  all you have done in this reply is put words in my mouth , make completely unsubstantiated claims , randomly throw in what subreddits you like despite that being entirely not the point and acting like a massive douchebag overall . 
  on top of that , you quite frankly seem like a rather bad person based on what ive seen from your comments on here . 
  for example , you should not belittle another person getting hurt , even if it is `` just '' emotionally , by quite a lot of people who were very clearly crossing a line . 
  thats something that shitty people do . 
  dont be one of them . 
  im going to be very blunt here : its people like you that give feminism a bad reputation . 
  please stop . 
  last i checked non issues outside of the internet didnt make scientists cry . 
  not trying to get into an argument here ( mainly since i think arguing with you would be complete and utterly pointless ) but your claim that insane feminists are a non issue outside of the internet is simply factually false . 
  the reason you could imagine seeing this on a greek cover is the same as the reason as to why it is on the spiegel . 
  it 's about perception of germany in the rest of europe . 
  of course not . 
  pro russian propaganda outlets would never put anything out of context . 
  after all , this is not the west that is clearly ruled by homosexual jihadist fascists that sleep with little children before eating them . 
   it certainly played its role but it was nowhere near the core issue of the crisis . 
  what about portugal ? 
  italy ? 
  ireland ? 
  spain ? 
  france ? 
  what a coincidence that all those countries have a major crisis at the same time !, 
  people need to realize that the core issue is the rotten eurozone of the corporations and banks and the common currency with no regulations/enforcement of regulations . 
  even germany who has profits of tens of billions from the crisis , the people ... have their wages frozen for 15 years . 
  its almost as if there was some kind of global financial crisis or something !, 
  the issue is that if you tried pushing for a lowest common denominator other eu countries would start losing their shit over `` losing their democray '' . 
  eu member states are depressingly shy when it comes to meaningful regulations , which is why most of what the eu does these days is not very impactful . 
  the banking sector basically being too big to fail in its entirety was something that was talked about a lot during the actual banking crisis . 
  the conversation ultimately died down though since nobody could really come up with a viable solution for the problem . 
  as such you wont see much of that discussion anymore since theres not much left to talk about . 
   it was n't sensible for russia to cut spending to transnistria and make the same population suffer , bye bye energy , and the self proclaimed government is having trouble providing the same services they did before to that population . 
  it doesnt matter what is or isnt sensible for russia to do . 
  for all i care russia could be riding a unicycle and juggling bears while drinking vodka and it still wouldnt change anything about the point i made . 
   whatever you do in that area , the population suffers , it 's a soviet state for christ sake . 
  `` its ok to make these people suffer , theyll suffer anyway , but we should make them suffer for reasons that we support ! '', 
   as for not wanting to be part of moldova , it did n't want to be part of moldova the same way abhkazia , south ossetia , crimea and now parts of eastern ukraine did n't want `` to be part '' of their respective nations . 
  russia created these strings of frozen conflict ( except eastern ukraine , that 's not that frozen ) , transnistria included ( with help at the time from ukraine ) , it should n't even exist , and russia is putting pressure in moldova to create more breakaway regions , so romania and ukraine working towards helping moldova is a big step . 
  soooooo ... they didnt want to be part of moldova ? 
  i mean , russias actions dont really change whether these regions want to be part of the countries claiming them . 
   also , i 'm sure transnistria has a will of it 's own with the russian 14th army stationed there alone as `` peacekeepers '' who have achieved the performance of prolonging a conflict for those 20 years . 
  moldova has been , technically , in a state of frozen conflict for that long . 
  it might be sensible to ask the people living there what they actually want instead of forcing on them then . 
  sounds doable , anyway . 
  i wouldnt call causing human damage by locking down the borders to a region just because they dont want to be part of moldova ( and have not been part of moldova for about 20 years or more , if memory serves ) `` sensible '' . 
  the problem is that the only real power the rest of the eu has is to refuse further payments to greece . 
  however , due to the financial situation in greece refusing further payments would basically mean a greek default followed by the grexit . 
  this means that unless the eu is actually willing to see a grexit happen any threat to withhold further payments is simply empty , and the eu countries cant really go around making empty threats . 
  as such the eu does not actually have a lot of power in this situation . 
  i dont think theres much that couldve been done about the crimean peninsula without knowing what exactly was gon na happen , but the eastern ukraine was the ukrainian government dropping the ball . 
  russias intervention there was basically just them capitalizing on civil unrest that the ukrainian government failed to address . 
  i feel like the biggest mistake the ukrainian government made was firing the berkut police for essentially doing their job . 
  as such they didnt have a response force to deal with demonstrations or riots properly and they likely also pissed off the police in the pro-yanukovych regions , resulting in them not really responding too strongly to the civil unrest in the east . 
  iirc theres also an agreement between the eu and nato that states that the eu can use nato resources should a eu member state come under attack . 
  nah , theyve got the eu , which is largely a de facto extension of nato . 
  its not quite as good , but its close enough for this situation . 
  said administrative control has to be implemented . 
  im all for that , mind you , but thats still something that has to happen first . 
  what we currently have is nations insisting on their oh so precious `` local democracy '' , which ultimately excludes which ultimately excludes policies that significantly increase the administrative control the eu has . 
  as long as thats the case any redistribution of wealth is not really going to work inside of the eu . 
  i would argue that a policy that ensures a certain standard of living for every eu member needs to go hand in hand with a much stronger centralized european government . 
  countries like , for example , greece do have massive problems with tax evasion and overly bloated public sectors . 
  that means that in order to make a policy sustainable to consistently pump money into member states in financial trouble an institution would be required that can step in and make the changes necessary to ensure that these countries are no longer reliant on european money in order to sustain a certain standard of living for their poor . 
  what this comes down to is basically that more administrative control has to go to the eu should we commit to becoming a stronger union that provides more help to its member states . 
  you cant have one without the other . 
  facts .
