  only if you assume that there are only two states , failure and success , and refuse to look at varying degrees in between . 
  which seems like a foolish way to look at complicated issues . 
  i think its much easier to come to agreements on a uk policy . 
  having a two-lane-europe , for example , is a rather sensible step that i do n't think will take any political capital to push through , unlike for example the entire greece situation which is just a huge mess at this point . 
  we 're arriving at the same conclusion , however , you seem to be making the assumption that greece was always in a significantly weaker position while i argue that greece was in a reasonably strong , albeit not entirely even , position initially but gave the creditors all of the power through terrible politics . 
  sorry if i got what you were saying wrong . 
  that article is nonsense . 
  it does not mention that one of the conditions for ela from the ecb is being solvent which greece simply stopped being when they effectively defaulted on the imf debt . 
  it 's like the guy that wrote the article completely forgot that greece we n't factually insolvent the tuesday before the referendum ... 
  matters to an extent . 
  there is a difference between `` somewhat failing to meet target goals despite best efforts and requiring a bit more help '' which was likely anticipated and would have made for a decent way to circumvent existing rules and the absolute shitshow that we got . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  at the start of the crisis both sides had plenty to lose , at least the politicians did - the creditor nations politicians do n't want to have to explain how they lost several billion euros and broke part of the eu in the process . 
  however , varoufakis and tsipras for some reason completely failed to truly translate the game of chicken into the political world : basically , in a normal game you would want to act aggressive , irrational , crazy etc to make the other side believe that you 're not going to swerve . 
  it 's a mind game where they 'll pull out because they are afraid that you wo n't . 
  this is basically what athens tried to pull , with their aggressive negotiating strategy that basically made everybody hate varoufakis and with their referendum that even implicitly handed them a mandate to straightup go for a grexit . 
  however , they completely failed to realize how this would impact the political sphere they were playing in . 
  basically , their actions managed to piss off the rest of the european electorates , in doing so handing the governments they were dealing with all the power they needed to comfortably not swerve . 
  they handed them the keys to the monster truck and are now desperately trying to swerve without making it look like too much of a failure . 
  debt sustainability talks would have happened eventually anyways , likely some time in 2022 when debt that can actually be played around with a bit became relevant . 
  this is not something new and amazing that somehow has been brought on the table , and if it had been the only thing to be put on it then the greek government could have ended this nonsense months ago . 
  and for responsible governments in boom phases that want to employ keynesian economics . 
  creating a financial buffer to burn during recession or when a crisis comes around is a great way to ensure social stability and avoid the disastrous combination of a financial and economic crisis . 
  yes , germany controls the media of other ez/eu countries / s. 
  i certainly agree that germany holds some influence in this situation , but that does n't change that germany does not hold more actual power than other nations . 
  as such overlooking the other nations or even dismissing them is a huge mistake . 
  it kind of depends on what resolutions will eventually have to be passed , some will be ez only while others would be eu wide . 
  the wording is indeed very unfortunate . 
  absolute statements rarely accurately reflect reality , `` more greek governments '' / `` more the troika '' would have been necessary additions imo . 
  well , there are situations where it can , for example in heavily socialized societies with horribly inefficient management . 
  just privatizing government assets and in doing so both reducing spending and improving the management of said assets would indeed lead to growth . 
  i just do n't exaclty see what european countries this would apply to , it 's more something that works for countries transitioning away from communism . . 
  it is n't though . 
  denmark gets to vote just like everybody else . 
  in the current situation any ez member opposing further bailouts for greece would be the same as germany refusing them in terms of results . 
  oh , i certainly believe they will look into into it . 
  as they would 've regardless in the interest of actually seeing their money again . 
  however , that does n't mean that there 's going to be no more austerity or anything like that . 
  it simply means the same thing as before , namely that the creditors will keep greece afloat to avoid losing all the money to a default . 
  syriza has not changed anything . 
  all they 've accomplished is basically the same result they would 've gotten regardless , with some extra damage done to the economy as a result of their reckless negotiating strategies . 
  i believe the fourth crisis should be `` the drachma awakens '' :p . `` return of the drachma '' would be the current one . 
  and there 's still no debt relief , there 's a looking into debt sustainability later . 
  no , they said a no vote means voting for a grexit . 
  which would most certainly be true if syriza had actually stayed true to their mandate instead of folding almost completely , as they are doing now . 
  the way it is the referendum has simply been rather pointless instead , with the mandate handed out by the greek people being largely ignored . 
  i think we both know that that was absolutely not greeces problem . 
  which is why it is crucial to not overspend a hard as greece has . 
  otherwise a crisis is when cuts are going to be forced because the money to do anything else simply wo n't be there . 
  no , they were n't . 
  they were making realistic statements and were trying to argue reasonable points while also acting within the legal framework of the eu . 
  only compared to the previous year , which is insanely low in terms of debt repayments . 
  other than that the debt repayments right now are largely equal or higher than the ones in 2020 + iirc . 
  you do know what `` crisis '' means , right ? 
  of course gdp will take a hit . 
  however , the question is how long it takes to get back to growing afterwards and how heavily the crisis hits in the first place . 
  that is where success is measured . 
  are you sure using x-com is the best strategy ? 
  `` see , you 're a rookie , which makes you an entirely expendable meat shield for people who are actually reasonably useful , so just go over there and make sure to make a lot of noise when you die so the rest of us can prepare appropriately ! '', 
  which we 're going to need if we get the american police everywhere o_o . 
  greece 's bubble is a bit of a special case though . 
  basically , they raised their gdp insanely hard by essentially throwing money on the streets : huge deficit spending , a gigantic public sector , no real tax collection , high pensions and so on . 
  this , of course , is amazing for the economy since the private spending in the country goes through the roof . 
  however , the budget simply can not keep up creating an entirely unsustainable debt . 
  now , what happened when the bubble burst was that any necessary cut to spending would go hand in hand with a decrease in gdp and an increase in poverty , the latter being particularly bad because wages and pensions will need to adjust , while markets will as usual be lagging behind a bit and demanding significantly too high prices for a while . 
  without somebody else randomly throwing money at them that sadly can not really be prevented , however , it does suck for the average greek . 
  as such , it is understandable that they 're opposed to the whole thing and pretty pissed . 
  it ca n't really be changed , mind you , at least if we want to create a long term sustainable eurozone economy , however , that does n't mean that the greeks are somehow more whiny or anything than other countries . 
  their situation simply sucks a lot more because their past ( and possibly current ) governments were by far the most idiotic ones . 
  and the consequences of a grexit a few years later down the line would be even less predictable . 
  the problem with giving out money now is that we 're looking at another potential grexit scenario a few years later down the line . 
  right now we have a fairly good idea that we could handle it , i have no clue if we could in 2020 . 
  there are a few problems : 1 ) greece also needs money right now . 
  the creditors electorates however are pretty much opposed to the notion , however , and it would be rather risky regardless since there would still be a fairly high chance of a default . 
  2 ) some of the necessary reforms may very well have the gdp not rise or even slightly fall . 
  the greek public sector has to become smaller and more efficient , and while doing so presents a great long term opportunity to grow an actually sustainable economy on the short term it will further decrease job availability . 
  3 ) greece would need to see significant gdp growth for this to work regardless , something that will require very competent , ideology-free governance . 
  right now i ca n't really see a single relevant greek party that would provide that . 
  as such the political landscape in itself will need to shift , or much greater oversight from the troika will need to be provided . 
  all in all , while it is certainly an actionable plan there are problems that will be difficult to fix regardless . 
  that said , even with a complete debt write-off these issues would have to be fixed because we would find ourselves in the exact same situation again a few decades down the line . 
  or it is because the greek government has not actually tried proposing direct reforms so far and has only been riding on their debt restructuring demand for the past few months . 
  not only that , but if the greek government had truly been serious about reforms they would have instituted them even if the eu had been opposed to it , it 's not like they have shown hesitation in being rather aggressive with the rest of the eurogroup . 
  we 'll have to wait and see on that . 
  it is clear that the greek population wants reforms , but given the way syriza has conducted itself i am not sure they want actually helpful reforms : / . 
  except the vast majority of the ez states are slowly seeing growth in their gdp . 
  as such i 'm not really sure where exactly you are getting that assumption from . 
  yes . 
  that said , the debt burden would remain basically the same , meaning that greece would need to make significant adjustments within said grace period in order to be able to service the debt in the future . 
  in addition , greece still would need to join into a further loan agreement since the debt due right now can not actually be restructured in that fashion . 
  only if there 's sufficient reason to believe that greece will implement necessary reforms . 
  otherwise its throwing more money away . 
  well , if you want to you can just check out globalfirepower.com and look at russia as well as the individual nato memberstates minus the us and greece for a scenario where greece left the organization for whatever reason and the us was busy dealing with china . 
  the current loans ca n't be restructured , the ones due till ~ 2020 can . 
  greece is currently in default on loans due right now . 
  to avoid a grexit greece would need significant funds right now , though i do doubt that the rest of the ez would be too happy to pay that . 
  debt restructuring could then be discussed once we can get a decent read on the situation once it does become relevant . 
  right now it would be a speculation on greeces ability to pay 5-7 years down the line and onwards . 
  in terms of pure military power they likely would lose to the eu alone , at least if russia attacked . 
  not to mention nato .
