  it 's not a question of being lazy or not . 
  the hardest worker will achieve fuck-all under and incompetent government . 
  however , in a democracy the government is supposed to be controlled by its citizens . 
  as such greeces failures are ultimately something that the majority of its citizens and their failure to do their democratic duty to make informed decisions regarding their involvement in their nations government can be blamed for . 
  the question at hand is whether this has actually changed . 
  if the greek population continues to make horrible decisions regarding the way they country is governed then there is very little use in doing anything to help them because we will keep finding ourselves in the very same spot over and over again . 
  doesnt really matter though . 
  all eu states are still entitled to create a sanction package and call it `` eu-minus-greece super sanctions of awesome '' or something if we want to . 
  doesnt have to do anything with `` being punished '' , nobody is punishing anyone . 
  its simply a question of not making other countries pay for greeces irresponsible spending . 
  if that results in greece cozying up to russia then thats what it is . 
  i can into anschluss again ? 
  state-ownership and privatisation have to be balanced carefully . 
  taking a complete anti-privatisation in any situation stance as this video is doing is just as dumb as taking some kind of privatise allthethings one . 
  i think its more the hypocrisy aspect involving northern cyprius that they likely dont want to deal with :p . 
  lol, 
  you barely have an arms race , you have russia doing drills and some european countries slowly replacing their broomsticks with newer models . 
  however , a cold war between the west and russia would basically be the case when the participants have their full arsenal , including nuclear weapons , in place to start an all out war and just dont , without actually arming down either . 
  the initial buildup stage were arguably seeing right now can be the start of both a cold war and a regular war . 
  its not a cold war in itself . 
  no , it was deemed as `` cold '' because both sides had their guns aimed at each other to be released at a moments notice , without ever actually fighting . 
  basically , it was a war for all intents and purposes , except for the actual shooting part . 
  its a term with an established meaning and should be used as such . 
  a buildup does not equal a cold war though . 
  you can have a buildup to a war followed by a regular war without ever really having a cold war in between . 
  we 're not though . 
  a cold war is essentially a conflict that starts like a regular war ( ie tensions/hostilities between the participants , followed by some form of arms race to get the military prepared for war ) that stops right before the actual war breaks out and remains there . 
  as such you have both militaries ready to strike at each other at any given moment , without actually going to war directly . 
  yes , a cold war does break out . 
  otherwise , cold war would be synonymous with peace . 
  a cold war , however , is a conflict that stops just short of actual war , not a natural state of being between two or more factions . 
  as such , we are in the transitioning phase from peace to cold war , not in the actual cold war itself . 
  [ hahaha ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5e7fejhw0 ) alright , look . 
  both sides are slowly preparing for a new cold war to break out . 
  thats what ive said since the beginning of the conversation . 
  no side right now is in full cold war mode , but several countries have started testing the waters . 
  that is not `` being in the middle of a new cold war '' . 
  i dont give a shit what the russians think , i care about facts . 
  and if you look at those you will find that the situation right now can not be called a cold war . 
  realistically speaking ? 
  a default , likely followed by a grexit ( defaulting inside the eu could theoretically be possible , however , practically speaking i dont think its realistic ) . 
  we cant federalize because the current political landscape wont allow it , and we cant afford to become a union where other member states take over the debt of others either . 
  rating agencies believing that thats what the eu is played a pretty big part in getting us into this mess in the first place , and if thats what we end up becoming then well see more and more situations like we do in greece right now . 
  so youre basically trying to argue that the cold war never ended . 
  i dont think im even going to comment on that to be honest . 
  no , russia stated that they have the * right * to deploy nukes on the crimean peninsula if they choose to do so , not that they are actively deploying nuclear weapons . 
  the point of this was to underline that the peninsula in question is now russian territory , according to them . 
  also , missile defense system plans for eastern european nato memberstates have been worked on for over a decade , and the plans that currently are being implemented have been in place since 2009 . 
  in a genuine cold war the entire wester world plus most of the world in general is the conflict zone . 
  once we see nuclear weapons and counter measures brought into position and get back to a good old mad statelemate over it you can say were in the middle of a new cold war , but right now we are simply not . 
   ps : we are in the middle of a new cold war . 
  if anything , we might be slowly looking at the beginning of one . 
  were pretty far away from an actual cold war though . 
   `` very simple . '', 
  we have foreign powers holding talks on the fate of ukraine . 
  it is n't simple . 
  they ca n't just scrap the truce themselves . 
  russia is breaking the truce daily by having troops and sending more weapons into ukraine . 
  the ukrainian government can either trust the foreign powers ( ie : us ) to hold these talks or they can choose not to do so . 
  however , if they agree to the decisions made in these talks they have to commit to it . 
   ukraine is fighting for it 's independence . 
  the goal should be to kill as many russians as possible . 
  make putin pay for his lies . 
  get a response from the russian people . 
  do they really want a lying piece of shit as their president who keeps butchering young russian men ? 
  no , theyre fighting for pieces of land . 
  if putin wanted their independence he wouldve taken it a year ago . 
   they use that type of propaganda already . 
  an all out invasion is horribly expensive , not just economically , and i do n't see putin wanting that anytime soon . 
  they invaded georgia without much of a problem . 
  if they wanted to invade the ukraine , they would . 
  however , russias goal seems to be to create a frozen conflict , not to invade properly , at least as of right now . 
  supplying the ukrainian military directly would likely shift their goals and give fuel to their propaganda machine , making a direct russian invasion very likely . 
   ukraine has every right to defend itself . 
  we need to help them with weapons . 
  the longer we wait the harder it gets . 
  this is ukraine 's fight for freedom from russian fascism . 
  it sickens me that we 're not helping them . 
  they have a right to do a lot of things , that doesnt always make them good ideas . 
  however , giving them weapons would effectively be signing their death warrant , so how about we dont do that . 
  if they dont want to keep the truce then they have to say so . 
  very simple . 
  if they feel that they cant keep their side of the agreement since russia isnt keeping theirs then they have to publicly declare that . 
  that move might be justified mind you , i cant really know the situation on the ground well enough to judge that , but if it is then that is the move that has to be made rather than breaking the truce themselves . 
   the west should 've been arming ukraine all this time of `` truce '' like the russians have been doing for over a year now . 
  ukraine ca n't win but if they are to fail it matters how they fail . 
  putin will have to pay for every metre he takes with the blood of young russian men , preferably conscripts . 
  yay , more death , also more civilian casualties , great idea . 
   the more russians die , the harder it is for him to lie to his people . 
  an invasion of ukraine is very unfavourable among the russian people . 
  if thousands of young russian men start dying and it is found out that putin 's been lying all this time . 
  except that if we start arming the ukraine heavily directly , putin will spin it into another `` west sponsors evil nazi regime to threaten russia and kill ethnic russians '' thing and will use it to justify an all out invasion , so so much for that whole revolution . 
  as such , i dont think thats a viable plan . 
  if they were shot at the appropriate reaction would not be to launch an offensive themselves , so that point doesnt really matter . 
  if they were acting under orders then theres an entirely different problem , mainly the ukrainian government not honoring the peace treaty themselves . 
  irrelevant . 
  being at war doesnt justify having soldiers that refuse to follow orders around . 
  theyre a liability either way and are as such more harmful than simply not having them would be . 
  i agree , but i would argue that the ukrainian government still needs to take decisive steps to deal with these troops . 
  having rogue military forces is not something that is acceptable , and as such i do hope that the ukrainian government will take steps to handle whatever troops decide to strike out on their own,
