  in fact , the us could completely stay out of it and deal with china ( something they are more than equipped to do ) while the rest of us kicks some russian ass . 
  it 's a feminist thing . 
  you put `` man - '' in front of something to emphasize that it is negative , sexist behaviour exclusively conducted by men . 
  it also protects them from any accusation of hypocrisy because , after all , a woman doing the exact same thing to a guy would still not be mansplaining because it is most clearly a gendered term . 
  basically , it 's just feminists being insane again . 
  nothing exactly new . 
  i agree . 
  but giving a write down would represent an implicit change of the regulations that other countries could rightfully seek to use as well . 
  that 's effectively a reduction , unless you adjust interest rates to account for inflation rate and the like . 
  that said , doing so would be the right step but i do n't think tsipras will go for anything that is n't a straight up cut . 
  ah , so that is why no country defaulted ever and there is absolutely no crisis in greece . 
  you 've cracked the case !, 
  sure , i can see obama win if they really go at it , though i feel like he 'd pretty much fuck over himself in the process anyway , but why would obama get himself involved so much ? 
  it 's a call that involves some heavy risks souring the relationship between the us and germany as well as possibly the eu , if it is seen as us meddling , especially given that most ez nations seem to be opposed to sending more money to greece . 
  ultimately , it is simply not a commitment that is worth it to obama , so i do n't really see him pushing for it too hard . 
  merkel would have to invest enormous political capital to get that through at this point , and it is very likely that she is unwilling to do so . 
  i suspect that she prefers obama being a bit displeased ( but not really doing anything about it ) to potentially losing a significant portion of her parties seats to the afd in the next election ( who would just gobble up more help for greece despite the electorates seeming opposition to it , if polls are any indication ) which could likely be the only threat to her getting reelected . 
  agreed . 
  that proposal would need to come from one of the countries giving up sovereignty though . 
  telling others to give up theirs is a huge no-no . . 
  basically , loans that can be technically relieved are not due till the early 2020s . 
  there 's still loans to be paid right now , but iirc the eu ca n't do anything to relieve those anyway . 
  it 's worth than that . 
  the loan officers only real interest is to get as much money as possible . 
  insulting him wo n't change that . 
  greece on the other hand is dealing with several democratic nations , the citizens of which may very well decide to fuck greece over even if it is a less economically sound decision . 
  there 's a strong difference between being a part of and being a puppet . 
  also known as the morgenthau plan , which was ultimately not considered viable because it would just serve to give more ground to communists without really being net beneficial . 
  because it was convenient to do so under the truman doctrine . 
  it was a question of extending billions of dollars to create a bulwark against communism or to let more countries turn red . 
  the latter two have nothing to do with being a puppet . 
  elections were only instituted after a while and germany still had to host military bases from nato member states . 
  does n't mean that you can disregard context . 
  western germany became a nato puppet for several decades . 
  the debt forgiveness represents a very pragmatic decision to have a bit of a meatshield against the soviets . 
  to make the situations comparable you would have to do something similar in greece . 
  the decision was at the time supported by the majority of the german population , if memory serves . 
  not that that matters , it was also the right call to make from a purely pragmatic point of view . 
  whether we would get the money back or not we would have lost much more in the economic instability following a collapse of the banking sector , caused by the default of several european countries . 
  that does n't mean i like it and i would genuinely enjoy it if someone came up with a system that kept investment and commerce banks from fucking shit up without essentially having us take a trip to communist village but i 'm not angry at my government for playing with the cards they 've been dealt . 
  regardless , none of that changes the fact that the rest of europe are democracies , and the voter base in those countries seems to oppose giving greece any more money or anything to that effect . 
   yes , i am arguing for a default . 
  that 's been the very basis of my argument - had greece defaulted in ' 08 , your shitty banking system would have collapsed and your country would be in a similar position to greece . 
  hardly . 
  the money to refinance the local banking sector was there either way . 
  however , you would find a lot of european countries in significantly poorer shape . 
   now that your banks have divested themselves of much of the bad periphery debt , your country is no longer as exposed to a greek default as it was . 
  this has never been a greek problem , it has always been a european problem . 
  your government has cynically played a game wherein the socialisation of debts that protected the entire ez financial sector , and thus the euro , has been passed down to the average greek . 
  this is something that you , and the majority of others in this thread seem incapable of comprending , lest it undermine your simplistic notion of ungrateful greeks with their hands out chanting ` gib money pls deutschland - moar pensions ' . 
  the greek citizens always had that debt on their backs . 
  it 's just that the rest of the european citizens now effectively does too . 
   no , the point is that the moral argument for debt rests on the fact that the creditor takes a risk by lending money and suffers an opportunity cost , as a result of which they are entitled to charge interest for use of their capital . 
  the point is not that one can make shit loans , profit from them when everything is fine and then have the taxpayer step in to fund your terrible lending practices when everything falls apart . 
  the point is that functioning banks did n't exist . 
  a functioning bank should have been created and the others should have been left to fail . 
  of course , that would have affected the german banking system - so we could n't have that . 
  no , the creditor is entitled to charge interest because its his capital . 
  and i agree , bank bailouts should not be a thing . 
  however , it was the pragmatic decision to make since not giving bank bailouts would have had worse consequences . 
  however , you are dead wrong that no functioning banks existed . 
  i for one had and still have all my money on the sparkasse which was basically unaffected by the bursting of the housing bubble or subsequent financial chaos . 
  that is the advantage of savings banks . 
  the problem is that theres still investment or commerce banks which in turn were the ones causing the crisis . 
   no , you quite literally equate the existence of a state bank with communism . 
  you clearly had , and have no intention of conducting this exchange in good faith by shamelessly denying this fact - this is just an egotistical pissing match for you . 
  no , i just falsely assumed that you wanted to introduce institutions that are different from current savings banks . 
  doing so successfully basically requires introducing some form of communism , at least from what i can tell . 
  otherwise all you have a countries with savings banks that are going to get wrecked due to investment and commerce banks anyway , making your proposal an exercise in futility . 
  it would take about two seconds to correct the media in the same fashion he did now . 
  given how important his statement was it would be incredibly irresponsible not to do so imho . 
  it 's hardly the troikas fault that the greek government went and scheduled their referendum for a point behind the debt repayment deadline , making it downright illegal for the ecb to institute an ela raise . 
  yes , i see `` russia attacks georgia '' . 
  i also then later see osce reports clearing up the situation and pretty much showing that georgia started the war . 
  not exactly the best argument . 
  and yeah , countries use economic power to get what they want . 
  all countries do it . 
  does n't mean that the eu should provide an unconditional shield against it . 
  and because both options suck they are almost guaranteed to grow into some hefty resentment ... 
  i am not claiming it is black and white . 
  i am merely presenting two extremes to illustrate that it is not an either/or scenario , which the poster above me seemed to imply . 
  of course germany is making big money out of trading with russia . 
  if we stopped making money out of moral concerns we would literally not be trading with russia , china or the usa . 
  or , in short , would not be making any money . 
  the extra animosity that the former ussr states have with russia are their own and do n't really relate back to germany . 
  and it 's not a question of `` feeling independent '' . 
  it would absolutely remove the right of every nation to have their own foreign policy . 
  i ca n't think of a single nation that would actually want that . 
  it depends . 
  the guy who worked his entire life up until the age of 67 , who always paid his taxes , who always did his best to make informed voting decisions and who is now getting his pensions cut even more despite also having to support his jobless children is clearly a victim . 
  the guy that retired at fifty and never paid taxes in his life while always voting for the guy promising him more money because it probably grows on trees or something is in turn the perpetrator . 
   wrong . 
  see this comment with un documentation source . 
  i use it mainly as a rhetorical device to frame the debt in a different context - so if you want to pendantically argue over it , i 'm not really interested . 
  the point about socialisation of private debt stands . 
  no , it does n't . 
  you were arguing in favor of a default by framing said default as `` not actually a default '' , which is still nonsense . 
  it is not possible to realistically talk options while you argue that effectively declaring the debt illegal and as such erasing it without effectively having to default is possible . 
   i 'm talking about recapitalisation of the banking-system , not repackaging greek bonds into efsf/ecb/gf loans . 
  you 've missed the entire point of that paragraph .
