  not a surprise that the economy tanks heavily under those circumstances . 
  the us is an actual country . 
  the ez is not . 
  that means that the us can take certain measures that the ez ca n't . 
  that 's simply something that member states need to deal with and prepare for . 
  greece did n't , and that 's why they are in the situation they 're in now . 
  creditor nations merely offered loans under certain conditions . 
  greece was always free to refuse . 
  and let 's not pretend that it was only the bankig crisis that screwed greece . 
  they had been racking up more and more debt that ultimately just was n't serviceable either way , just dragging themselves along by racking up even more debt . 
  they were inevitably going to hit a wall at some point , it just happened sooner because the banking crisis meant that they could n't take on any new loans . 
  because he probably did n't think there was one . 
  democrats seemingly spent eight years not really looking for a successor for obama and were happy to just default to the person that already lost to him and that republicans had been attacking for a while now due to their heir apparent status ( because that 's a great idea ) . 
  so when election season came around the race came down to a guy with next to no support , a self proclaimed socialist and clinton . 
  not a great set of choices there . 
   however , it has real issues at present and i just do n't believe that blindly pressing ever further with eurozone harmonisation and political federalisation is the answer . 
  i do n't really see how that is realistic . 
  in the long run a combination of a common currency , a free common market and open borders is not sustainable without a central government that has significant authority . 
  it works when things go smoothly , sure , but whenever a crisis rolls around we 're struggling to fix it because we do n't have a central government that can actually do so . 
  both the banking and refugee crisis could have been solved by a single united eu government without much of a problem , but because we do n't have one they just keep dragging on . 
   how do you explain that a us subprime crisis has become a decade long crisis for the whole europe and many countries are still far away from their levels pre-crisis ? 
  because it was a global crisis , not just a us crisis ? 
  welcome to globalization , mate . 
   the spanish economic bubble was created by the right ( pp ) with their marvelous new floor law that allowed speculation without control of the state , because that kind of `` interventionism '' would kill the market . 
  spain had one of the lowest public debts , but it had to transform private debt into public debt by rescuing the banks because the right wing government in the eu and the right wing governments of countries like germany , thought that spending money when you need to reactive the economy is for commies , like obama , that cut the us crisis to only two years . 
  do n't know enough about spain internally to really comment on that first point . 
  however , i will point out that other european countries had no real problem stomaching the crisis themselves , much like the us , despite having the oh so evil right wingers in charge . 
  however , the eu is not a country in and of itself . 
  the burden of revitalizing economies falls to individual member states and the only thing fellow member states can do is offer loans ( with potential conditions attached ) at better rates than private institutions . 
  you blaming the eu is misplaced . 
   and i am not only lashing against the traditional right wing parties here . 
  there is basically no left party left . 
  the psoe sold its soul . 
  they are the same as the pp , just using red instead of blue . 
  i am unaware of a single party in power in europe that pushes for real left wing policies because we have tried these things , and they tend to fail . 
  we 've tried communism/socialism and it was a nightmare , we 've tried bloated public sectors and it generally does n't work out at all , we 've tried these things and they do n't work so we stopped trying . 
  that 's what you 're supposed to do when you notice you 're riding a dead horse : you . 
  off . 
  you do n't keep pushing for the same things over and over again expecting different results because surely this time will be different . 
   it is an insult that people vote for neoliberals and call themselves capitalists . 
  any capitalist would cry if they saw a state rescuing a bank in the name of the `` markets '' . 
  if you wan na go by the old school way of looking at things , sure . 
  the old school capitalists were also content with letting the great depression happen , so i 'm not sure they should be used as an authority on the subject of keeping your country healthy . 
  the simple reality is that we 've seen that a complete hands-off approach leads to sucky results so we stopped doing that , but we 've also seen that too much government involvement leads to sucky results as well so we stopped doing that too . 
  shocking , i know , but it 's wise to learn from past mistakes . 
  that does n't mean that we do n't need to look into ways to change things . 
  wealth inequality is increasing . 
  unemployment is set to become more and more of an issue as globalization and automation take over more and more . 
  we need to find ways to fix these issues , but the solution ca n't be to demand that the same old ideas that do n't work be given another shot over and over again . 
  everyone is under fire from the populist right . 
  the difference is that the center right can at least stand up to it without falling apart . 
  cameron vs boris ended in may and reasonably stable tories . 
  compare that to the conflicts within the labour party . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  imo the left is in way too much of an identity crisis right now to effectively govern and to effectively campaign . 
  the right is simply a lot more stable now , and they have a good enough track record to not make their current temporary dominance any reason to panic . 
  because robots generate profits for the rich people/corporations that own them . 
  they do n't generate profits for the workers they displace . 
  the rich people that own them are extremely unlikely to share their wealth without legislation mandating that they do so , which is why laws need to be adjusted accordingly . 
  sure , at some far off point we may live a real life version of wall-e with robots doing every single thing for us , but until then we need to keep the wealth inequality they cause in check . 
  sure , but unless you want that to mean mass poverty you still need to collect a significant amount of taxes . 
  this is n't about opposing robots so much as it is about ensuring that we adapt to a world where robots are a thing . 
  based on those standards proximity does n't matter though . 
  sure . 
  but there 's only limited use to robot jobs here . 
  the companies themselves are still gon na pay taxes , of course , but only until it becomes more profitable to go to china anyways , so we ca n't tax them too much . 
  meanwhile increasing unemployment increases our demand for social security spending , meaning we 'd need to raise taxes , which brings us back to the problem of companies leaving for china . 
  the logical conclusion is that we either need to become like china , or need to deal with the problem china represents . 
  if we plan on doing the latter we might as well work on the steps necessary to ensure that our high standards regarding social services and workers rights will be met in the future as well , and robots certainly represent a threat to that . 
  european integration is only useful for them so long as they essentially trade security for us being less assertive globally . 
  nato seems to be losing relevance in terms of making the us the primary provider of european security as us politicians call for increased european defense spending and european politicians are looking to create an eu army , meaning that a united europe would have both the means and incentive to be a power in its own right globally speaking and to rival the us . 
  in the end , a united docile europe is good for the us . 
  a united powerful one is a rival . 
  we 're gon na need to find a solution for china anyway , presuming they do n't collapse . 
  you can say the exact same thing about our workers compared to chinese workers . 
  your line of arguing just leads to us having to become more like china in regards to how we treat our workers or general population , which is n't really acceptable imo . 
  eh , i doubt most people would stand for russia invading the eu . 
  maybe something like the hybrid warfare they 're currently using , but that only works if your immediate response as well as border security sucks , which is n't the case for our eastern european member states . 
  they 're already taking our jerbs , might as well have them pay taxes !, 
  seriously though , robots are pretty similar to slaves in terms of economic impact , which is generally negative . 
  it 's probably a good idea to start legislating them now rather than later when we could end up with civil conflicts about the right to automize , seize or keep the crazy people and their toys away from the means of production . 
  it would n't be a nuclear war but a conventional one . 
  and yeah , probably , at least france . 
  this may be more of a matter of the eu though rather than nato . 
  they did what they knew to be the right thing even if it cost them voters . 
  that 's the exact opposite of `` selling their souls '' . 
  the alternative is to pander to your voters , keep doing things that you ultimately ca n't sustain and then whine and blame anybody else once you go the way of greece or something . 
  part of being a politician that is actually good for your country is to do things that are best for the country and not just what is best for your poll numbers . 
  i would n't say they had much momentum left after the series of civil wars that occurred during the end of the roman republic and the start of the roman empire . 
  and i do n't think one can just pinpoint to one change that represents the turning point for the collapse of the empire . 
  the closest comparison you can probably draw to contemporary american politics can probably be found during the later years of the roman republic and to early occurrences of populism , but the empire actually did really well for itself after that so linking these two events together seems a bit far fetched . 
  not really . 
  unless you 're referring to some 2-3 centuries later when you say '' * after * after that '' , though i do n't see how you could actually make a case that these events are connected to the fall of the roman republic then . 
  except the empire reached its peak after that happened , not before , so your point does n't really make any sense . 
  personally , i 'm all for it if a party or coalition supportive of independence can win in regional elections and i reckon that the bundesregierung would also let them have a referendum after a bit of back and forth . 
  though that last point depends on the actual government in control after a shift massive enough to make bavarian independence a real thing which i have no way of predicting . 
  i 'm sure that if they got serious support to hold one we 'd adjust the rules to allow them to have one . 
  it 's just that there 's no real point right now as there 's no serious movement for bavarian independence . 
   yes , technically , the crimes would n't have happened if we did n't let the people in but you could say that about all immigration and tourism . 
  yes , you could .
