were n't those sanctions in place before the guy even got shot though ? 
  at least i didnt hear anything about russia banning new people from entering the country ever since then , though i could of course very well be wrong . 
  while i agree with you assessment of the wealth gap in general , i disagree with austerity being a part of it . 
  there are certainly elements at work in both politics and economics that work to increase the wealth gap , however , the greek situation does not really have anything to do with it . 
  greece built an economy on unsustainable spending and now that said spending can no longer be financed said economy is collapsijg , worseninf the situation . 
  calling that some form of class warfare is just silly . 
  the problem with this being that you need to find a country to do said processing , which is going to prove a challenge given the current state of the refugee crisis and given nearby countries already overflowing with refugees . 
  the easiest solution would be to build large refugee camps in out of the way places in our own borders to keep them seperate from the rest of the country while processing is under way . 
  doing so would also make guarding our borders unnecessary and replace it with a cheaper and more secure guarding of our refugee camps , since any refugee would have to register somewhere in the eu first if they actually wanted to work or receive benefits , providing an opportunity to ship them off into refugee camps . 
  other big powers doing it does not justify us doing it as well , particularly in a political situation where we constantly throw around international law ourselves . 
  it is also important to point out that rule of law in regards to refugees is much more precarious than the one in regards to warfare , since violating the former risks countries ( such as the ones with in the middle east right now carrying an insane refugee load ) starting to reject refugees , risking the creation of a huge humanitarian crisis as well as associated potential costs for other nations down the line , meaning that international interference ( ie sanctions ) would become a very likely consequence . 
  bound by the treaty of nations that we promised to uphold . 
  contrary to what us citizens seem to believe , given their track record of electing governments that largely ignore such conventions , which is also what got us into most of this whole refugee crisis in the first place , upholding international law actually does matter . 
  not to mention that every country on earth would be perfectly justified in sanctioning us if we went down that path , and russia would get all the moral authority it could ever want to do whatever the heck it wants to do with its neighbours given that * international law is clearly irrelevant * . 
  while that is what matters in terms of evaluating consequences it is not what matters in terms of judging mistakes : people choose to perceive something whatever way they deem fit , in this instance both the left wing and right wing press chose to interpret a statement on german compliance with the law as an open invitation to suit their own agendas ( because , really , what would any form of modern `` journalism '' be without pushing your agenda like some kind of printing whore ) and the situation escalated from there . 
  that does not mean that she was saying anything factually inaccurate or anything that she should not say . 
  which is due to a differerent problem entirely , namely too much tolerance for muslim based bigotry . 
  the solution is to let them say their piece , but it is also to confront them about it and to kindly inform them to please go suck a dick . 
  i 'm not aware of any of those , please elaborate . 
  then disagree with them . 
  these views clearly exist , university should be the place to confront them . 
  still do n't get what her mistake was . 
  she basically just said that existing laws will be followed o_o . 
  no , they rally ca n't be . 
  we are very much bound by international regultions in that regard . 
  well , not really . 
  germany has been arguing that a refugee quota is necessary because the south can not take this burden and has argued that we need to find viable solutions within the constraints of the law that are also realistically applicable ( which the people opposing refugee quotas seem to be incapable of delivering ) for a while now , its just that between the ukrainian conflict and the greek crisis noone really gave a damn . 
  all if this stuff is either illegal or requires significant diplomatic effort and as such could not be applied for years . 
   the australian model would be absolutely fine even with smugglers sinking boats , you simply rescue , and return to point of origin . 
  but the issue arises hugely from the fact that the majority of people streaming in are not syrian . 
  a huge number are economic and rhetoric encouraging refugees from syria has led to a huge number of varied nationalities streaming into europe . 
  it only works if you have a country of origin to take them to . 
  you can not drop people back into countries that are not currently considered safe . 
  you could , of course , argue that the country of origin is not actually in peril , however , you would have to prove that to the point where the country you wanted to drop them off to , one that is already in a huge refugee crisis of their own given the current state of affairs , actually takes them in . 
  an unlikely scenario . 
  australia is in a rather privileged position to be able to legally apply their system and i do envy them for it , however , that does nothing to fix the situation . 
   the solution ? 
  take refugees directly from the un camps , one of the few things the uk has done that was smart during this ordeal . 
  german rhetoric has encouraged people to make perilous journeys . 
  the mere fact that 80 % of those reaching europe are young men between 20-30 years old should set alarm bells ringing , the woman and children are left in the camps.along with the fact the journey is expensive and requires money , ca n't imagine why a certain country would encourage the more wealthy/better educated to come s / . 
  all germany did was say that it would uphold its duty under the current legal regulations , which every other country is doing and is obligated to do as well . 
   we 've seen those breaking multiple eu countries laws rewarded while the most vulnerable have been left behind . 
  and what has happened to those countries trying to follow the rules and law ? 
  hungary , they 've been criticised by what has been a thoroughly biased media . 
  i do n't think anyone has actually been rewarded for breaking eu laws . 
  the issue with eu regulation , however , is that it is rather non binding in regards of its execution , so everybody and their grandmother breaks it when it benefits them . 
  i do agree , mind you , that a lot of what the media has done has been an extremely biased , narrative oriented ( `` evil white people oppressors against poor middle eastern brown people ! '' ), 
  in regards to this crisis . 
  while i do believe that the opposition of eastern countries to the necessary quotas is not justifiable a lot of the media coverage regarding `` violence '' against the protesters in countries such as hungary has has been rather idiotic . 
   should we take in refugees ? 
  yes , but not from those already in europe . 
  thats simply rewarding them for not following both eu and un rules on claiming asylum . 
  help and pick from the camps . 
  and we definitely do n't need any of the fracturing statements that have come from several prominent politicians about cutting members that refuse quotas eu funds . 
  it would n't work for a number of reasons but would also have countries like the uk and denmark who are net contributors laughing their asses off . 
  we have no legal way to get rid of the people that are already in europe . 
  eventually , some will be deported once their processing is done , however , that takes years regardless of whether they can legally apply for asylum . 
  that is not a matter of wanting to , that is a matter of having to , international regulations bind us in that regard . 
  i also do n't really see why we should relay funds to countries refusing quotas . 
  they seem to not be interested in solving problems on an eu level , so i do not see why they should reap the benefits of being in the eu , unless they have agreed on an opt out clause like , for example , the uk . 
   close borders illegal under current international regulations . 
   check everyone entering already doing that . 
   only accept refugees and 0 economic migrants . 
  already doing that . 
   help coutries bordering syria and conflict zones . 
  agreed , more of that should be done . 
  does n't solve the current problem though now , does it . 
  the issue of course being that providing support is hardly a matter of doing so entirely willingly , in this case . 
  international regulations regarding refugees do exist , and those do include that if genuine refugees show up in your country you do have to deal with the situation . 
  as of right now , there is not a single approach that is being suggested by the people that oppose refugee quotas that is , with the australian system not being directly applicable due to the people smugglers being perfectly prepared to sink boats , seemingly usable without breaking existing conventions regarding the treatment of refugees without involving long term diplomatic commitments for a later applicable long term solution ( which is useless for dealing with the immediate crisis , for obvious reasons ) . 
  this is not so much a problem for germany , we both have the money and the resources to just build large refugee camps , put a fence around them ( which , while certainly earning glares from human rights groups and activists would be possible under the existing legal framework afaik ) and call it a day if need be , or we could simply close our borders since we are not obligated to let anyone actually in without papers since we are not bordering a conflict zone , but the south would be fucked either way , since they do not have the luxury of being able to afford option a or having option b possible in the given situation . 
  so , we have a situation where we have no viable short term solution for the problem , where we have the south already breaking under the pressure ( which is not a recent development , mind you ) , we now also have them streaming towards germany ( which , to be fair , is better for the short term than them being stuck in the south ) and we simply need a solution to deal with this immediate problem . 
  the only viable solution that can legally be implemented as of right now are refugee quotas . 
  opposing those is arguing to be stuck in a perpetually escalating crisis that is ultimately going to do great harm to the southern countries that have absolutely no choice on the matter . 
  ultimately refugees are not a choice to do good in the world or whatever you seem to be thinking , they are a legal obligation that is forced on certain countries . 
  we can either tackle this on a european level or we can choose to let the south eventually suffer greater and greater harm under the pressure . 
  the latter is , in my opinion , not an acceptable option for member states that actually want to be part of a greater and closer europe and as a consequence i do not see why nations that heavily try to block this issue should be treated as parts of the union in terms of funding etc. 
  she 's thinking that it does n't matter what the eastern european countries do . 
  refugee quotas are ultimately going to be necessary , simply due to the geographical setup of the eu ( too many ways to access europe from the perpetual conflict area that is africa ) . 
  this is not even really a problem for germany , we can just deport these refugees , however , it does represent a major issue for southern european nations that can , due to international treaties , not simply say no to refugees arriving at their doorstep . 
  hence a refugee quota is mandatory for the european project to work . 
  as a result of this either forcing the eastern european nations to cave or essentially bullying them out of the eu are both viable paths to take to resolve an issue that absolutely needs resolving . 
  what nonsense are you talking about ? 
  they were already in europe !, 
  it 's just that they were sitting in the south which is already struggling for different reasons , while the rest of europe could not agree on a common policy to dealing with the problem . 
  the problem being that you ca n't have a functioning discussion on this topic if the stakes countries have in it differ wildly . 
  you need to establish a level ground on this problem on a european scale first before it can be discussed effectively . 
   i agree , yet we have to be realistic as well : eastern european member states will likely not give in . 
  well maybe after tremendous diplomatic pressure that might happen , but a lot need to happen before that becomes even possible . 
  probably this will have to go hand in hand with some kind of threat towards said nations - and this will further damage the eu its reputation and influence in that part of europe . 
  and here we have the main problem : eastern europe . 
  i 'm sorry , but this whole eu thing is not going to work if we pretend that refugees are a problem of southern europe first and more wealthy central and northern european ones second ( though the latter do not have nearly as many problems as southern europe ) . 
   i think much of the criticism at germany is directed at this image in the media - partially justified - of germany that kind of presents itself as a migrant magnet . 
  there is a clear problem here that needs to be solved at a european level , but germany its attitude directly influences the countries surrounding it - especially the ones between turkey and germany . 
  criticism on orban his dictatorial tendencies aside , germany is burdening his country for example by being so seemingly open to migrants . 
  the alternative in light of the idiocy and following refusal to deal with this problem on a european level of other nations is what makes this stance necessary : the refugees are already in europe , there is already a refugee crisis , and it can not solely be dealt with by the south that is already in a very tight spot economically . 
   maybe there should be less of a role of member states in this entire ordeal to prevent europe coming over as conflicted as it is nowadays . 
  it is a european problem for sure - thus it needs a european solution - but the entire divide among european nations gets fueled by this ` magnet ' effect as well . 
  i hope a solution will be quickly found . 
  the effect is fueled by a refusal to begin approaching this problem with a minimum of common sense .
