  drawing such a line should be done where you have a strong winning argument if at all possible , and i ca n't help but think that `` we do n't want you to have that name '' is n't one . 
  they can lay claim on greek macedonia right now if they want to for all the good that would do them ( none , given that greece is a member of nato ) whether greece would let them call themselves macedonia or not . 
  if anything its likely to be easier for them to act against greece if they can use the naming dispute to breed resentment against it in their population . 
  the core issue here is that i frankly do n't see a single way in which the current conflict is n't just making things worse . 
  as is a persistent naming dispute . 
  in fact , one could argue that one country trying to dictate to another what they may or may not name themselves may serve as a much greater reason for resentment and justification for future military or diplomatic conflicts than that particular country just calling themselves macedonia . 
  honestly , i ca n't help but feel that most of these arguments come down to some variety of `` muh national pride '' which just really isn , t a particularly good argument . 
  i 'd call them a bunch of dumbfucks for it , but i still would n't see how it would affect my life in any way ... 
  holocaust denial has real consequences as it would help enable the glorification of the nazi regime and make future national socialist regimes more probable in the process . 
  them thinking they 're ancient greeks does ... what exactly ? 
  i just do n't actually see any negative consequences from it . 
  you 're stating an opinion as if it were a fact . 
  you assume that there is no such thing as unhealthy levels of debt , yet countries all over the world and indeed the eu itself disagree with you . 
  personally , i would argue that too much debt is dangerous because it makes it very difficult to maneuver through financial troubles which are absolutely going to happen eventually . 
  a good example of this is greece , which despite that little bit of revisionism you did there absolutely had and has debt related issues . 
  the issue there was that the banking crash combined with too much existing debt made it impossible for them to take up new loans to serve old ones , essentially making them insolvent without outside help . 
  honestly though , economics is an extremely complex field that ca n't just be dumbed down into the simple statements you 're making . 
  if that was the only reason we would have just given money to our banks . 
  what exactly do you think our thought process was here ? 
  `` we want to bail out our banks , so we 're going to spend a lot more money to bail out this country , losing a lot more of it than we actually have to gwahahahahaha '' ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't see a single good reason why our corporations should n't be able to profit off of foreign market structures and the differences in them . 
  so long as they 're compliant with local and eu-wide law ( where applicable ) , that is . 
  it 's not our job to export our for consumers very beneficial market to everywhere else . 
  if they want better products for lower prices they should accomplish that internally . 
  why exactly should we concern ourselves with this ? 
  why should products sold in czechia be something the german government should at all be concerned with ? 
  it 's hardly our responsibility to police what people in other countries eat . 
  you 've also had some major geographic factors going in your favors . 
  you 've spent your independent history mostly surrounded by water and stupidly weak enemies , so you faced less of the strife that brought down european democracies . 
  meh , we have n't rounded up the far right for thoughtcrimes beyond our existing hate speech laws yet , and our governments have had to deal with their crap for long enough now . 
  doubt they 'll randomly do it for left wingers now so i do n't think that particular fear is warranted . 
  well , it would hurt these things because russia would invade . 
  it 's a threat , plain and simple . 
  regardless of the situation in chechnya i do n't see the problem . 
  after all chechnya is part of russia , so just drop them off in moscow and call it a day . 
  no , it 's not . 
  in a competition both sides try to fulfill their own goals rather than work together to fulfill a mutual goal . 
  in the process communication ends up being lacking or established protocols may not end up being followed and lives may actually end up being lost . 
  if our authorities want content deleted it should be up to them to identify said content it should be up to them to send an according request to whatever platform the content is posted on . 
  if our legislators want our laws enforced then they should appoint and pay people to do it rather than force the private sector to do it `` or else '' . 
  this way we 'd make sure that only actually illegal content is deleted and would have someone to hold accountable in case of wrongful deletion , ensuring that the rights of our citizens are protected . 
  after all , it is true that our laws should be respected on facebook , but so should our rights . 
  though in general , i think we should just get rid of hatespeech laws . 
  they were helpful and arguably necessary decades ago when we still had to deal with strong nazi holdouts from the third reich , but today they only really help the far righters as ammunition for their victim narratives without really doing us much good . 
  the economy as a whole doing better should be good for everyone . 
  now , i 'll admit that that 's not always the case in the states , but the solution is to implement policies that help redistribute that wealth and make a thriving economy beneficial to all . 
  think of it like this : you have a farm and you have a cow on it . 
  but your uncle joe is hogging all the milk . 
  so instead of making him share the milk you shoot the cow in the name of justice because that makes sense . 
  it 's not socialism to move away from the system of `` rich people fuck you all day '' that the us has right now . 
  i do n't agree with sanders approach to many things , but it 's hard to pretend that radical change is n't needed and i understand people voting for it . 
  maybe the people that also want free trade and generally sane , non-populist policies should also look to implement the sane , non-populist policies that have made the lives of people in for example europe better rather than running on a platform of calling people names , being a woman and emphasizing endorsements from actors and musicians ( who are clearly the voices of reason that average people should be listening to ) . 
  honestly , clinton deserves to be ostracized to shit , she had more to do with trump winning than anyone else . 
  maybe next time look to fix your country rather than whine that people wo n't vote for the shitty status quo . 
  it 's okay-ish defined within the law , but community administrators/moderators are not going to be well versed enough with the actual laws to note the difference , which means that they 'll be more prone to deleting content simply for fearing that it could be hate speech . 
  tbf , organized clapping ( i think , anyways ) and shouting people down happens on western tv as well . 
  it 's just that it 's generally restricted to shitty tv for us , so people interested in actual news coverage and debate can watch something else . 
  the problem with russia seems to be that they only have access to that kind of shitty media/propaganda . 
  so i do n't think the acts themselves are noteworthy , but their seemingly being representative of russian media as a whole is worrying . 
  from a legal point of view we do not necessarily regulate relationships with similar dynamics in circumstances where blood relation is n't a factor . 
  as such i do n't see why cases where blood relation does apply should be treated differently . 
  equality just means that they 'd be treated like other relationships , so abuse charges and the like are still relevant where applicable . 
  if that was a concern we should sterilize the people likely to transmit genetic diseases . 
  or at least have individual couples take tests before procreating to ensure that they 're not too likely to produce disabled offspring . 
   as for incest , there 's even smaller push for that kind of thing , but it also produces children with such severe conditions that it 's not fair for the offspring . 
  disabled people procreating can often be so much worse in that regard yet we let them do whatever they want to . 
  objectively speaking , there are n't any `` good '' ( as in consistent with other existing legislation ) reasons for legislating against that sort of thing in most situations , no matter what we may think of it personally . 
  i think incest is icky as shit , but i also understand that i need better arguments than `` muh feels '' to dictate to consenting adults what they can and ca n't do . 
  that 's just part of supporting a liberal approach to legislation . 
  i do n't think that 's gon na help him though . 
  gay marriage could have been a powerful issue in the upcoming election that could have been used to convince more centrist people to vote for him or to make people more open to a red-red-green coalition or something along those lines that would allow him to become chancellor . 
  now that issue is gone and all he has to show for it is the ability to maybe get some zingers about already passing legislation in . 
  though at least getting that is probably the best he could do in that situation , but i 'd still say it 's a net loss for him ... 
  i ca n't think of a time she actually made a mistake like that though . 
  she 's had her fair share of calculated risks that did n't go her way , but she managed to get out of those largely unscathed . 
  this seems like way too big and too obvious of a `` blunder '' to be unintentional , and given that it 's likely to benefit her i think it 's fair to assume that it was intentional . 
  we do n't . 
  we teach kids approaching puberty how to be safe and comfortable with the changes they 'll be going through which includes sexual attraction . 
  which is perfectly reasonable and in the best interest of these kids . 
   yeah , and it 's true that the approach has n't won elections yet . 
  but like you said , there 's more to it than that . 
  i think the best or in any case most constructive approach to that would be to ammend it rather than denying what part of it may be good , and that means expanding the frame rather than assuming a fighting stance inside this very narrow window . 
  but is n't a prerequisite for that conversation the acknowledgement that a change should or needs to be made ? 
  after all , if everything is going great with corbyn then there 's no real need to rock the boat . 
  larger changes need to be presented as necessary first , and that is where challenging the narrative of corbyn not actually losing becomes important . 
  i think what 's being argued about is not the data itself but rather the interpretation thereof and the resulting narrative , where definitions do end up mattering imo . 
  for example , in this case a commenter seemed to suggest that the sanders or corbyn approach does not win elections ( though that could of course be a gross misinterpretation on my part ) by citing both of their losses . 
  so stating that corbyn did n't lose ends up relating to the previously made argument as a whole . 
  and if a discussion over the topic were to start then whatever definition would end up being used would be vital . 
  i think that 's one of the tricky things about definitions . 
  they can carry a lot of meaning and can change the tone as well as result of a conversation by themselves , which is why people often end up arguing about them . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with you , but what you 're arguing is on a party level , whereas my point related to the individual race between jeremy corbyn and theresa may . 
  and on the individual level things are much more clear cut with the winner being the one that gets a majority of representatives to vote for them and hence becomes pm/chancellor/whatever . 
  there 's simply a lot less nuance on an individual level as both the goal and the win conditions are much more clearly defined . 
   well , they still need to be voted for by the majority of the government but as far as the election goes , their party did n't `` win '' . 
  i do n't really see how parties are relevant given that i was disputing your claim that jeremy corbyn , a man who ran to be pm and then saw his main competitor get the job instead , did n't lose the election . 
  interestingly enough they still entered a coalition in 1957 regardless , so my point stands . 
  coalitions were part of every single government . 
  and just to clarify , you 're arguing that our current chancellor did not win in 2013 , 2009 or 2005 ?
