  the principle of solidarity , as previously said . 
  their problem , i do n't really care . 
  they 're the ones that are gon na notice that winters around here are really friggin cold , particularly if you have almost no means of acquiring a place to live . 
  it 's not about sinking it . 
  all it takes is for the vessel to suddenly have a small , self inflicted leak and we 're stuck having to take them in , at least in the current legal situation . 
  what about it ? 
  if memory serves poland was invited to participate in that one but refused . 
  their choice . 
  even with illegal means , reaching a reasonable quality of life is difficult , particularly given that its gon na get shattered the second you get caught . 
  not much of a concern , really . 
  which us why austria is making the threats , right ? 
  the eu as well as eu funds are also based on the principle of solidarity and on the concept that eu wide issues are dealt with by the union as a whole , rather than leaving individual member states to suffer . 
  as such , refusing to help out is already violating existing agreements , and certainly something that justifies being excluded from benefits to the union as well . 
  it is hence not an invitation to a race to the bottom , it is a participation in one . 
  if countries with no chance to win a fully realized one start one its their problem , but they should n't whine when other states take them up on it . 
  no , it 's literally impossible . 
  under maritime law all they have to do is get their vessel into distress and our border guard would be obligated to save them . 
  under international law we need to take them somewhere safe and wherever we take them needs to agree to take them in . 
  since we currently do n't have anyone to take the job we get stuck with it . 
  also , i 'd much rather have a smaller union of dedicated members that understand that solidarity goes both ways rather than a larger union with members that are solely intested in their own benefit . 
  as long as they ca n't apply for asylum anywhere else it 's not too much of a problem . 
  if somebody is registered in bulgaria they can go to germany all they like but they 'll be homeless there without too much of a realistic chance to stop being homeless . 
  it 's not blackmail to refuse funds to people that do n't help out in a very costly crisis on an eu level . 
  some member states have to suffer significantly increased costs while others take efforts to avoid these costs entirely . 
  no reason for the ones dealing with the costs to refuse giving money to those that insist on not sharing the burden . 
  keeping a sea border secure from refugees is impossible in a legal context without an agreement with another country to ship them somewhere else , something that is actively being worked on by turkey . 
  deal with it and start pulling your fair share in a crisis that affects all of the eu or leave the union , i 'm fine with both . 
  i 'm fairly confident that we 're not going to take in anyone that has direct territorial dispute with russia . 
  that just opens up nato for abuse , and most nato members are really not interested in that ( except for the crazy ones that actually want a war ) , especially not for something that would be symbolical at best given that there 's basically nothing moldova could contribute . 
  noone committed a crime against you . 
  offers were made which may or may not have had the potential to be helpful . 
  greece , out of its own free will as a sovereign nation chose to accept these offers . 
  if you do n't think these offers provide a helpful solution you do n't take them and you see how you get out of the mess you got yourself into without them . 
  the problem greece is facing is that it is basically a doomed case under existing eu rules . 
  greece needs to accept that and find a way to deal with it . 
  and no , acting like an entitled brat and demanding policy changes that make everybody else bankroll you while they do n't get much of a say in how you spend their money is not dealing with it and does not work , as the last round of negotiations prove . 
  then it should continue to occur - on it 's own . 
  we should n't drop bombs to help out whatever side we currently like more . 
  you can just not besiege the embassy in question , put him on a no fly list instead and check in regularly . 
  much cheaper . 
  depends on the circumstances . 
  there are reasons to not let refugees work , just as there are ones to let them work , depending on circumstance . 
  but no , in my mind it is better to deport them than to give them work permits . 
  we have enough to deal with with legitimate refugees , no reason to take in illegitimate ones . 
  the difference being that we aim to identify , reject and deport them as opposed to handing out work permits and pretending that they actually are legitimate refugees . 
  and the rest of the world would likely not call russia unreliable . 
  they have a decent enough record in regards to trade with countries they 're not in some conflict with or another . 
  there is no reason to believe that we do not stand to benefit economically from improving relations with russia . 
  i think the problem is that most patriotic movies that end up great do n't really set out to be patriotic . 
  they set out to tell a great story of an exciting time and because of that it ends up having that patriotic vibe . 
  going out and saying `` we want to make a patriotic movie , we do n't exactly know about what , but we do know that it 's going to be patriotic '' just kinda sounds like a recipe for failure . 
  why should ukrainians be redistributed ? 
  unless they 're gay they have no shot at being legitimate refugees . 
  we ca n't take in every fortune chaser , after all . 
  it 's nice of poland to take them in and all , but unlike the people arriving at our shores we are not legally obligated to take them in . 
  and , frankly , eastern europe shows very little solidarity . 
  it should n't come as a surprise that the rest of europe is n't going to line up to put eastern european interests ahead of their own national ones under these circumstances . 
  russia is a fairly reliable business partner , and them doing well economically would likely have positive effects on our economies , something particularly important if we 're left to deal with the migrant crisis on our own . 
  but ... the parts of eastern europe that do n't want to take in refugees are not the parts of eastern europe under attack by russia . 
  eastern european countries expect european solidarity when it comes to defending their foreign interests against russia despite not actually being under attack by them , and refuse to show any of it when it comes to dealing with any of the other crises going on . 
  turkey can keep people from leaving and , more importantly , they can have anyone trying to get here via boat sent back to them . 
  right now theres nothing we can do about the ones coming here by boat because we have to take them into our borders since there 's nowhere else , an agreement with turkey could change that situation and allow us to gain control over the size of the influx . 
   each and every country that has sufficient resources should have no trouble at all closing down their own border . 
  it is a type of defeatism as a state - and even dangerous for statehood itself - to say that you ca n't even guard your own territory . 
  the real issue is how much money we are willing to throw at border protection . 
  the problem is that you ca n't protect a sea border from smugglers willing to sink their boats . 
  under maritime law you have to rescue them , and under international law you have to take the refugees in , unless you can ship them somewhere else ( hence negotiations with , for example , turkey are ongoing ) . 
   it could be a bit more sober , although i will remark that i did n't have the intention to suggest that these people live in luxury according to our standards . 
  they do n't , but even then the resources given should be more in line of what they are accustomed to . 
  basic necessities of course should be given , as far as it is necessary . 
  for example one shower for a few dozen people is no problem in my eyes . 
  optionally , it should invoke some agitation to make sure that this message spreads : europe is n't paradise on earth . 
  this will help stem the influx of newcomers . 
  do n't think that helps much , the smugglers will still pretend it 's paradise . 
  not to mention that we would need to separate families and women in general from these conditions , given the prevalence of crime and sexual assault in refugee camps , something that we legally can not tolerate . 
  sure , we could overall be treating them worse , but i really do n't think that 's necessary , people would come regardless and we 'd have to come to an accord with turkey anyway . 
   the overall procedure from start to finish . 
  i understand that there are certain safeguards in the procedures - and we should not just remove them - but the entire process of judging someone should receive a temporary residence permit ought to be speed up . 
  on the topic of deportation european governments should properly register all refugees upon entry : this will clear out any obstacles on the way of deportation . 
  the latter is n't up to standards at all at the moment . 
  it 's difficult , you have to confirm that they 're legitimate refugees first , then you have to make sure that none of them pose a security risk , then you have to find a place to actually assign to them to live in while dealing with a pretty big language barrier . 
  there 's always something that can be improved with these processes , but it 's gon na be difficult to do so while also ensuring both the legitimacy of the incoming refugees and our own security . 
  you 're free to leave . 
  nations concerned so much about their sovereignty should n't fully join the eu to begin with . 
  the eu needs further integration and further loss of sovereignty for individual nations . 
  it 's current state is not viable and was never designed to be viable , it 's merely a step stone into further integration . 
  if a nation joins such a union and then bitches about sovereignty they need to leave . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  maybe they can negotiate some kind of `` joining but not actually joining '' agreement like the uk has , otherwise they 'll just have to quit completely . 
   kicking greece out of the schengen zone ( as already proposed ) . 
  my apologies to any greeks that might feel offended by this , but i maintain the opinion that greece has done a lousy job defending its own border . 
  although i 'll immediatly admit that the financial tides in greece itself will have contributed to this neglect of a vital state interest ; achieving what ? 
  they dont have land borders with other schengen countries ...  maintaining strict border control overall . 
  this is all a matter of money and resources in the end : the budget allocated to guarding our ` common ' ( schengen ) border is far from sufficient ; we ca n't legally protect our sea border because the smugglers are willing to sink their boats to get what they want . 
  unless you want to cut out all the eu member states that happen to have a sea border because fuck european solidarity i really do n't see how this is viable . 
   lowering expectations of asylum seekers and migrants : spartan housing and other less attractive facilities . 
  resources given should be more according to their standards at home , save things like healthcare ; their housing situation sucks worse than `` spartan '' right now , at least in many cases . 
  they keep coming though . 
  the problem here is smuggler propaganda , not our own actions . 
   quickening procedures , again a matter of money instead of a matter of possibility .
