  the greek government was in charge of where and how to do that exactly . 
   tell me where those excessively high pensions are while keeping in mind an average disposable income of 15000/year ( 2012 usd , ppp ) : http://www.grreporter.info/en/greek_pensions_range_1300_430_euro_month/11464  `` in the largest insurance fund in the country on which the new insurance reform will be based , the social security institute ( ika ) , the average pension does not exceed 705.89 euro . '', 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  the fact remains that greek wages are too high to compete with other european countries , making it unattractive for investors . 
   yes , and how do you think those prices are determined ? 
  their largest cost is labor in one way or another . 
  still entirely irrelevant to investors . 
  greek labor must be cheaper , otherwise nobody is going to invest in places where it can actually occur . 
  simple as that . 
   no , their national debt was stable at about 100 % for a decade and tax income was rising during that period ... almost reaching parity with their expenses , who were stable at 45 % of gdp during 1994-2007 . 
  there was room for improvement , but that goes for all eurozone countries . 
  the debt to gdp is not the problem , though it is rather high and was certainly problematic on its own . 
  the problem was that greece ran a total deficit year after year . 
  as long as that problem occurs greece needed to loan more and more money every year , which eventually leads to the point where greece would n't be able to repay its creditors because no loan would be able to satisfy the amount of money necessary to do so . 
  debt to gdp is not a good measure to determine whether a debt is stable or will continue to be sustainable . 
  it can simply mean that while the gdp is growing so is the debt , and the latter will become unsustainable regardless . 
  yes , i believe it still is the plan . 
  however , doing so takes time and was always going to take time , nothing has really changed in that regard . 
  you would not have had sufficient political support for such changes before the crisis hit either . 
  honestly , we are still in the process of taking steps forward , albeit slower than before the crisis hit . 
  a `` two lane eu '' , something that is in talks during the current brexit situation , would go a long way to help with that , allowing for some states to pioneer ahead and in a way pave the way for other states to join a much more integrated eu could go a long way with that , but we will just have to wait and see . 
  by the time merkel is likely to have a successor greece will either have defaulted or be over most of its problems , so that theory really does n't work . 
  the reason that its lacking popular support is not a question of fairness though . 
  people across the entire eu simply do n't want to be part of such a tight knit union right now . 
  funny , i do n't . 
  maybe you should read less bild . 
  regardless , that does n't change anything about the current situation . 
  collaboration also is not the thing that 's hard in itself , collaboration that would require the eurozone to be something that it currently simply is n't ( through , for example , fiscal transfers ) is . 
  the only thing that that has to do with politics is that we currently are unable to substantially change the eu in a fashion that would change that situation due to lacking popular support for the necessary adjustment in likely all member states . 
  it 's not a question of it being fair . 
  the banking crisis was n't fair for anyone , not for the people who unfairly had to pay the bill , not for the banks who unfairly got away with it because they were too big to be allowed to fail . 
  in the end it doesnt change the reality of the situation . 
  and i would argue that the eu is fit to face challenges . 
  however , in its current state it is neither fit nor designed to to face all the individual challenges of its member states . 
   neither is the height of the pensions . 
  it just shows that you 're not going to be able to squeeze much more from the budget of the common man by means of tax increases , and that the spending power to make economic growth ( and future debt repayment ) possible simply is n't present . 
  the height of the pensions is generally linked to the income . 
   the largest part of the cost of living are wages , in one way or another . 
  that 's not possible . 
  and again , pension cuts will reduce their disposable income . 
  no , cost of living refers to the necessities to actually sustain living , such as food , shelter and the like . 
   greece was fine for decades , their spending was constant , their debt level was constant , their tax income was rising . 
  they just needed a lifeline in time of need . 
  were they perfect ? 
  of course not , but neither is any single country in the eurozone . 
  we do n't impose reforms there either . 
  now thats just complete nonsense . 
  their debt level was rising because they had been running total deficits consistently for years approaching less and less sustainable levels . 
  thats how they got into such a deep crisis when the banking crisis hit in the first place . 
   a lot of nations took money they did n't have to do it , because they knew that it was a matter or doing it or going downwards . 
  the first example that came to my mind is the end of the big depression by the largest investment ever done by a government , the wwii . 
  countries always spend money they technically `` dont have '' because its usually based on loans . 
  that said , countries are able to afford doing so because they have access to loans due to being able to actually pay their loans back . 
  the problem that greece faced and is facing is that years of simply completely irresponsible spending have left them in a situation where they face both a financial and economic crisis at the same time , meaning that spending money to deal with the economic crisis is not an option . 
   which is the whole point of the problem . 
  the eu is an atrociously designed union in which most of the countries share the same currency but do n't have a fiscal union . 
  therefore , they are tied together with the same rope , but can not solve their individual problems as individuals , because they do n't have such a power . 
  its not as bad as you imply . 
  member states being responsible only for themselves also means that other member states do n't really hang with the same rope . 
  for example , if greece defaults the actual effects would not be felt too heavily in the rest of the eurozone . 
  however , adjustments certainly do need to be made . 
   which is why the eu is failing so hard with an american crisis . 
  let 's not forget that this all started in the usa but , somehow , is the eu the one that has been failing hard to get out the hole . 
  sadly , banking sectors these days are linked to the point where it doesnt really matter whether a banking crisis starts in the us or in europe , both are gon na be fucked regardless . 
  i would however once more emphasize that the eu is not a country , the us is , so comparing them directly does n't really work too well . 
  one member state being in severe trouble / = the entire eu failing . 
  a lot of individual nations did that , and yes , it worked for them . 
  because they had the money necessary , because they did n't run their finances into the ground before the banking crisis actually hit . 
  the issue here is that neither the eu nor the ez are countries . 
  they 're unions of multiple nations , all of which are still responsible for their own finances and fiscal policies even though they do share a currency in case of the eurozone . 
  changing that fundamental principle would require significant changes to the setup of the ez , for example , we would need centralized institutions to regulate each member states fiscal policies among other things simply to avoid abuse in the future . 
  the simple result of that is that until the moment we are able to fundamentally change our union a course like the one taken with greece is the only valid option left . 
  yes , but to achieve that we would basically have to force people to give their money to state owned institutions , which does contradict the whole free society thing somewhat , which is why i said that banks or something to their effect is the logical conclusion of a free society . 
  in that case you would effectively have to ban or push out private banks since you will otherwise go back to having the same problems . 
  for reference , the german sparkasse is basically a bank that roughly does what you describe but that did not prevent private banks in germany from fucking shit up . 
  disposable income is irrelevant in this case . 
  its not a relevant metric for investors . 
  i also already pointed out that greece both needs a lower cost of living as well as lower wages , leaving disposable income at similar levels while also making the country more attractive for investments . 
  and greece was never doing fine , they were headed for a financial crisis one way or another , the banking crisis merely accelerated this . 
  if anything , the opposite is the problem in greece . 
  why would anybody invest in industrial infrastructure in greece if they could do the same in eastern europe while having access to much cheaper labor . 
  greece needs lower wages and lower cost of living . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's about balancing the budget . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  meh , its difficult . 
  the problem is that banks being as influential as they are right now is a logical conclusion of a free society , making it very difficult to put a stop to it without also heavily restricting individual freedoms . 
  we could pull he rug under the current banks , and twenty or thirty years down the line we 'd have similar institutions doing the same shit : / . 
  not really . 
  one thing is theft , the other thing may very well be an honest mistake . 
  sure , theres regulations to follow on the financial market , but even while following those shit can and possibly will happen . 
  why should someone go to prison for making a mistke while still following all laws ? 
  deflating the greek economy is a necessity , sooner rather than later . 
  the issue here is that greece has very little in the way of industrial infrastructure , and no investor is really going to start building there given how high the wages are . 
  until that changes greeces economy will always be relatively weak and the financial situation will always be difficult . 
  in the imminent situation thats not really executable , mind you , however , it does need to be part of the agenda if greece is to ever get over its problems . 
  if youre referring to the banks : bailing them out , even if we did n't see our money ever again was the right call . 
  while it is rather ludicrous that the banks are basically too big to be allowed to fail so we had to take those steps thats the sad reality of the situation . 
  in regards of debt restructuring : that does not necessarily have to mean debt forgiveness . 
  for example , the maturity rate of parts of the debt could also be adjusted , making it so that while the same amount of money would have to be paid back the greek state would be given a limited time window to make necessary investments because the debt would have to be paid back at a later date than originally intended .
