  the amount of harm done is not exactly relevant compared to the harm done through the mere existence of the threat . 
  terrorists dont work through killing a lot of people compared to , for example , car accidents , they work through intimidating people into behaving a certain way through the threat of violence . 
  occasional realized terrorist attacks serve as a reinforcement of said threats . 
  if we want to sustain our values and want to sustain our way of life then we need to take all the steps necessary to reduce the amount of succesful terrrorist attacks to zero . 
   a lot of country in europe are already able to stand for themselves and a united europe would just reduce their voices . 
  which countries ? 
  i remember both germany and france heavily protesting the iraq war , both calling the us out for avoiding a un mandate for the war by making a mockery out of international law that would make putin proud . 
  guess what , nothing happened whatsoever . 
  thats not being able to stand for yourself in my book . 
  if the us wants greece to reject a profitable agreement with whoever then i would strongly urge the us to give greece money to do so . 
  frankly , greece is in an economic crisis and are absolutely justified in looking after their own interests first , which involves taking deals that can in turn help them resolve their crisis . 
  debt to gdp is borderline irrelevant when comparing spending to income . 
  and , again , nothing you said had anything to do with the fundamental question of how countries are supposed to run when spending more than they make long term . 
  all of which is completely irrelevant to the discussion , so ill ask again : how exactly do you think a nation can run itself while spending more than it makes over an extended period of time . 
  not spending more than youre making is bs ? 
  what ? 
  uhhmmm , what exactly do you propose as an alternative . 
  ah fair enough , that makes sense . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  and this is reddit , people occasionally just throw around downvotes or something i guess . 
  im just quoting the article which cites [ this ] ( http://www.eubusiness.com/topics/employment/labour-mobility ) as its source . 
  not sure if im just really derpy here , but how does this relate back to my comment ? 
  thats asylum , not migration . 
   consider the evidence . 
  in 2004 and 2007 , the european union admitted 10 much poorer , ex-communist countries . 
  since european union citizens have the right to move freely across the union , all 100 million people in those central and eastern europe states could have migrated to the richer countries . 
   [ ... ] yet only about four million eastern europeans have migrated since 2004 , while many come and go . 
  so , about four percent . 
  that would be be something around 40 million people from africa alone if they migrated at the same rate . 
  and on top of that you have to consider that none of the eastern european nations that joined were nearly as fucked up as plenty of the african ones right now . 
  its an accurate analogy . 
  no country is obligated to open their borders for migrants . 
  if people who still want to migrate get themselves killed while trying its not the fault of the countries who exercised their right not allowing them to . 
  and if the ukrainian government had attacked the crimean peninsula it would have done the exact same thing because putin was already running the narrative that ethnic russians were under attack and the ukrainian government would have gotten beat back quickly enough by official russian troops to give even more of a `` national orgasm '' . 
  the reason the ukrainian government went on the offensive in the eastern ukraine is because russia wasnt really deploying troops there initially , at least not in significant numbers , which gave the ukrainian military a shot at actually winning so they took it . 
  this is evident by the initial victories of the ukrainian side , going as far as almost winning the conflict entirely without any solid evidence of strong russian deploment surfacing , until all of a sudden putin seemingly decided that he actually wanted to win that conflict so he started deploying troops heavily . 
  i would also point out that if the ukrainian government had decided that attacking the crimean peninsula was a good idea chances are that russia wouldve just started a full scale attack and ended the conflict within days and grabbing even more territory , so thats a horrible idea . 
  well , they couldve also consolidated their remaining territory and started negotiations with the rebels instead of launching an aggressive military operation . 
  regardless , the way it is both sides have been perfectly willing to attack each other whenever they saw an opportunity , and as such the claim that both sides fight is absolutely true . 
  well , considering that the ukrainian side was the one that started with the ato and in doing so were basically the ones that started the military aspect of the conflict hes not wrong . 
  possible , given how rarely the topic of actual federalization is discussed on a political level i dont really have a clue which countries would fully oppose it and which ones would be in favor/could be swayed to support it . 
  see , thats just nonsense . 
  greece is absolutely the victim of its own financial irresponsibility and nothing else . 
  the current greek debt crisis would have happened banking crisis or not , simply because greece created an ultimately unsustainable amount of out of control growing debt for themselves . 
  i do agree that playing the blamegame is ultimately pointless though , however , any solution found needs to also ensure that this very same situation can not happen again . 
  the proposal of wiping the existing debt is begging for a repeat performance of the exact same crisis ten or twenty years down the line , and what are we supposed to do then ? 
  write off that debt as well ? 
  if we want to make de facto donations to other eurozone countries that got themselves into a debt crisis a thing then we need centralized institutions that regulate fiscal policies for member states , ie we need a system that is able to dictate to member states just how they 'll spend their money . 
  if we give greece a debt relief now then that where we 're ultimately headed , unless italy , spain , portugal and so on show insane levels of self restraint and keep up their austerity measures , in turn making greece a one-time-case which leaves room for future reforms , but id argue that thats an incredibly unlikely scenario . 
  they would be more than justified in taking steps towards a debt relief , so i really doubt they wouldnt go for it . 
  so , to directly answer your question : yes , probably , at least in my opinion . 
  proposing reforms that are not financially sustainable without a debt haircut , you mean . 
  thats really what this comes down to , the greek government is trying to either force a debt haircut or a grexit . 
  the imf realizes this and is forcing the either/or scenario now , rather than in the future when they would lose even more money in a grexit . 
  which isnt sustainable either . 
  if we get to the point where all poorer countries have to do is point a metaphorical gun at their own head to get money from the rest of the eurogroup the situation simply becomes unacceptable for the richer nations , which in turn will force them to seriously consider leaving the eurozone and is very likely going to cause an exit eventually . 
  the way i see it right now we either need a grexit or need to federalize . 
  anything else will lead nowhere . 
  fiscal transfers require a centralization of authority on fiscal policies , ie the eu needs to be able to tell member states how to spend their money - so basically federalization . 
  im inclined to agree . 
  in order to really have a chance with the current debt load greece would somehow have get massive reforms through while also heavily cutting spending , which just doesnt seem realistic , sadly . 
  i think the optimal solution would still be a transformation of the eu towards centralied fiscal authority and responsibility ( so basically federalization ) but that just doesnt seem like something that could be pushed through in the current political climate ... 
  most of that money had to be used to service outstanding debt and beyond that keep the greek state afloat though . 
  after that there wasnt a lot of money to just spend left . 
  adjustments to the debt payment schedule could also be negotiated with the rest of the eurogroup , considering that thats a large portion of the creditors as it is , something that wouldnt carry the risk of centralizing greek debt on the ecb which could lead to very difficult circumstances in case of a greek default . 
  in regards of alternative solutions : basically , the greek government needs to convince the other european governments that theyre able to perform investments with a return value high enough to balance out its debt , which doesnt seem very realistic . 
  if they cant do that the other governments wont move away from the austerity course . 
  because germany wasnt already in what was basically a debt crisis when the banking one came around , so spending money was actually an option , something that simply cant be said about greece ? 
  but wouldnt the service fee have to be equal to the debt ? 
  otherwise it would just be a debt writeoff . 
  in regards of the other suggestions , theyre faced with unrelated , different issues . 
  for example , creditors dont really believe that a lower primary surprlus target is going to help solve the problem , simply because it would result in an even further escalating debt that would spin more and more out of control . 
  but wouldnt the bond with the ecb itself effectively also be sovereign debt ? 
  wouldnt the debt to gdp basically stay the same as a result ? 
  and are the other implementations not independent from this one ? 
  while im not entirely sure just how well they would work i dont really see why a lowered primary surplus target could not be put in place regardless of the previous measure , with the same going for the other suggestions you brought up . 
  i have to agree with this . 
  we need proper channels for migration , but that wont solve the boat problem . 
  the australian method is really the only thing that has a chance of solving that issue and should hence be implemented , allthough with adjustments to ensure the safety of asylum seekers and keep the human cost down . 
  all of these only really apply if this were implemented as a long term measure though . 
  if you only transfer parts of the current debt into eurobonds you dont have any of these advantages , since they dont serve to provide investment opportunities but rather just give the existing debt a different label . 
  however , if this were to be a deal that also extends to new loans we 'd basically get back to the problem we 've had previously , namely countries overlending due to having unrealistically low interest rates , so i dont really see how exactly that would be a viable solution as opposed to basically just being a repeat of past mistakes . 
  at the very least you would have a cap on additional debt that can be acquired through ecb bonds , however , doing so would essentially create a greek style debt crisis whenever that cap is reached ( since nations would have to take up regular interest rate loans afterwards , which they most likely wouldnt be able to afford ) while also pulling the rest of the eu into a bad spot every time it happens because it will be one of the main creditors . 
  the terrorists win again . 
  how would it do that . 
  whats the difference between debt held by other eu memberstates and debt held by the ecb in terms of market confidence ? 
  it can happen for political reasons as well . 
  its just that most people in first world countries are content with the system and are perfectly fine occasonally demonstrating against local projects that rustle their jimmies and otherwise vote in their local elections so they wont organize large scale protests because theres really no reason for them to do so . 
  but ... interest rates are not really the problem for greece , low interest rates are basically the point of the bailout packages . 
  in addition , reissuing already existing debt as ecb based debt is not going to change anything positive about the load of said debt , since it wouldnt retroactively lower the interest rate . 
  as such , i really dont see the point of the proposal , assuming of course that the syriza government is honest and does not seek to have the ecb issued bonds to then later gain a better position in debt haircut negotiations or something to that effect . 
  the ones that get tens of thousands of people on the streets that dont act like cavemen ? 
  you cant ignore large scale peaceful protests . 
  however , it is perfectly possible that people will just disagree with the cause or find it straightup silly . 
  riots wont change that though . 
  might be , but also one of the best ways to bias people against your cause . 
  a lot of people have negative reactions to others basically acting like cavemen , which often leads to them supporting whatever the cavemen oppose instead of taking an as unbiased as possible look at the situation for themselves and coming up with your own conclusions . 
  riots are the best way to gain the attention of the rest of the world . 
  however , if you actually want their support , then peaceful protests are the only way to go . 
  the difference is that the rest of the eu countries or at least its residents seem to largely consider the current immigration situation to be flawed .
