  the point ca n't be to put the economy on stable footing . 
  that 's the problem with being in both a financial crisis and an economic one , it becomes impossible to resolve the economic crisis with heavy spending because doing so means crashin the budget to the point of being forced to default , which will crash the economy again . 
  and syriza spent months not actually joining the negotiations but rather making entirely unrealistic demands . 
  once they got a grip on reality they got offended that the other side was n't willing to sign their proposal but rather actually wanted to negotiate . 
  greece is the only one that threw out keynesian economics . 
  the whole point of them is to create a buffer during phases of economic boom or at least stability to then spend said buffer in times of crisis/recession . 
  greece went for heavy deficit spending during boom phases because appearantly making non-idiotic economic decisions was not on the menu for about the past decade plus minus a couple years . 
  and no , this is not how negotiations are supposed to work . 
  you ca n't start at an entirely unrealistic point and then bitch when the other party wo n't meet you in the middle . 
  if id have to hazard a guess i 'd say that this is simply domestic propaganda . 
  if memory serves polls indicate that the greek people largely wish to remain part of the euro , however , the greek government wants a no vote . 
  but since a no vote basically means a grexit at this point the syriza government is trying to mud the waters by throwing out bullshit . 
  they know . 
  there 's just fuck-all the rest of the european politicians can do about it . 
  what exactly is it you think they could do ? 
  not really . 
  it is not possible to guarantee prosperity without fully taking over control of a country . 
  what the eu can offer nations is plenty of assistance in achieving it . 
  and that assistance has been provided , it just was n't enough for greece . 
  i also really do n't think that the eu is losing its democratic credentials here . 
  the simple truth is that there is no democratic mandate inside the eu to fulfill greece 's demands . 
  that is democracy in action right there , and not the other way around . 
  in addition , a lot of the commitments really only represent vague target goals and are left up to individual governments to refine and implement . 
  it is perfectly possible to fulfill the letter of the commitments and still screwmup royally . 
  we do n't know why they were invited , and given how the support of their parties would likely be needed to push reforms acceptable to the institutions through the greek parliament i do n't think stretching so far is appropriate . 
   most refugees are doing exactly that , and closer countries take much more refugees per capita than any western nation . 
  but they ca n't take all of them . 
  we only get a small fraction . 
  and they put them , yes , in refugee camps . 
  that 's the point . 
   for starters , it would be nice if those who were actively involved in the wars would do so . 
  and the rest could help simply because they can . 
  but i suppose you 're one of those people who do n't stop when they witness a car crash because it 's not your fault . 
  theres a difference between helping and between giving them your kidney . 
  i fully support helping refugees that come to our countries , i do n't support doing so in the fashion that we currently are . 
   those standards are atrocious . 
  but i see where you 're coming from : we should make the situation for refugees so bad that they will be better off at home . 
  problem solved . 
  i do n't think we should lower us to that level . 
  there is a difference between a few tents in th middle of nowhere and a reasonably well organized refugee camp . 
   would you like to back that up somehow ? 
  no , it 's common sense . 
  people could return to the iraq even now , however , they choose not to . 
   i think most people love their home countries and would love to return or stay there in the first place . 
  how bad would your situation have to get before you leave all your familiy and friends , give the life savings of all of your extended family to criminals and risk your life to move to a country that is completely at odds with the culture you 're from , e.g. 
  saudi arabia ? 
  i would n't . 
  i would go to a closer country that is safer and cheaper to reach , because doing so is common sense . 
  people coming to europe are defying common sense because they know that seeking asylum in europe is better than seeking asylum in countries that are closer nearby and easier for them to reach . 
   because their basic human rights are threatened . 
  and putting them in prison-like camps does n't change that . 
  the west loves to defend human rights by waging war in the middle east , to free the oppressed , to bring them democracy and freedom . 
  but when it turns out that , as a result of those wars , the human rights of millions are threatened , they 're on their own . 
  the west is not a single country . 
  several countries inside the western hemisphere have spoken out against military interventions in the past but where overruled . 
  and yet these countries should now take responsibility ? 
  your logic does n't make sense . 
  also , there is absolutely nothing wrong with simply adjusting european treatment of refugees to global standards . 
  refugee camps are commonplace across the world , and the eu should simply also institute them to deal with its refugee crisis . 
   what about those long-term refugees that ca n't migrate legally because they `` do n't fit '' ? 
  are they doomed to spend years in camps ? 
  yep . 
  that 's pretty much how it works . 
   i do n't understand what you 're saying here . 
  long-term refugees exist , and with your system , most of them do n't `` fit '' , so they would end up in prison-like camps . 
  because a lot of people are refugees despite theoretically being able to return to their home relatively safely . 
  hence making things pleasant for refugees is counterproductive towards the actual goal of having them around temporarily until they return home . 
  not only that , but it also invites economic migration in disguise of seeking asylum . 
  also , i really do n't see why we should allow immigrants that we , as you claim , would never allow in under normal circumstances because they happened to arrive illegally by boat . 
  and yet you 're still talking about roughly 30 % of the votes or something . 
  now , i do n't know much about the internal politics of sh , but laughing about and dismissing the representatives of almost a third of the voterbase seems highly disrespectful to me . 
  and , again , past refugee crises have no real bearing on present ones . 
  soooo ... he basically was what bernie sanders is now , except with more funny pictures ? 
  quite honestly , no , but i would also expect european governments to set them up in a fashion that does not result in them being set up in a fashion that creates such a situation . 
   as long as they do n't want to migrate to your country , i assume . 
  i have no problem with people legally migrating here , in fact , i am all for it . 
  however , i expect my country to ensure that new migrants make for a good fit and as such integrate well into society . 
  to do so there needs to be a level of control over migration that people arriving on boats simply does not provide . 
   that 's simply not true . 
  many of the conflicts that create refugees all over the world have been going on for decades . 
  some examples from here [ ... ] : there is a difference between not being able to return , and not wanting to . 
  the un conventions are ( rightfully ) rather strict on when someone can be forced to return to their home country , however , that is not the same point as the one where someone could feel that they should return instead of staying in a refugee camp . 
  and , again , people in refugee camps should absolutely have the opportunity to look into migration options . 
  however , being a refugee should simply not be the same as being a migrant . 
  yes , the party that got the most votes in the last election both in schleswig holstein and germany in its entirety that the current chancellor also happens to be a member of are `` weirdos that are always against everything '' . 
  that is a very mature perspective . 
  and whatever wave occured in the early nineties and however large it may have been does n't change that we , as in europe as a whole , currently have a problem with too many refugees arriving by boat from the midde east and northern africa . 
  then they should look for migration opportunities . 
  not that them being entirely unable to return for that long is a very realistic situation that would happen to a lot of people . 
  no , that 's what normal migration should be used for . 
  the advantage extended normal migration laws provide would be the ability to ensure that new migrants make for a good fit for the country they are migrating to and as such easily integrate into society . 
  in doing so we get both the benefits of migration and avoid the bullshit that the article is talking about . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the refugees you are talking about were the ones that came in after the second world war from former prussia and eastern germany . 
  i am not really sure why you think that can at all be compared with the current situation . 
  if he had balls he would admit that he lost and provide the necessary clarity for the referendum , instead of making it a choice between `` accept the no longer valid institution proposal '' or `` iunno , we 'll see if you vote no which you totally should btw '' . 
  no , but we should stop trying to treat them as migrants instead of refugees . 
  put them in refugee camps until whatever is displacing them stops displacing them . 
  the whole point of refugee status is to have a safe place to stay until you can return and we should absolutely ensure that that is a given for refugees , however , there is no reason to offer more . 
  so what ? 
  seems to be something that the community wants to discuss .
