  the problem with populism is moreso that it 's a symptom . 
  it means that people are dissatisfied enough with their political class to want to kick them out because they do n't see a way to move forward with the politicians they have now . 
  people do n't vote for populists because populists just magically make people vote for them , they vote for populists when they believe that the political class proves unable to address their concerns . 
  as a result the solution has to be for the political class to address said concerns , rather than dismissing them by finger waggling and saying `` now now , this is how hitler came into power , you stop trying to overthrow us this instance !, 
  church and state , not religion and state . 
  there 's a difference . 
  it means that the church as an institution is not an official part of the government . 
  by extension that also means that the only place religion has within the government is determined by the voters . 
  that does however not mean that voters are n't entitled to vote for religious people or that politicians are n't entitled to be religious . 
  it just means that there 's no position in government reserved for the clergy . 
  how is following one religion the same as as disrespecting all others and disregarding the rights of their practitioners ? 
  that does n't really make any sense . 
   religion is like a dick . 
  perfectly fine to have , but it 's not okay to show everyone . 
  so sikhs ca n't wear turbans anymore , muslim women must show their hair at all times and advertising food as kosher or halal is now a form of indecent exposure ? 
  what the fuck is it with a chunk of the left randomly becoming the boogeyman hardline conservatives have drawn of them for years . 
  it 's a strawman , not a guideline !, 
  no , it 's not . 
  separation of church and state means that the clergy is n't part of the government , not that people are n't supposed to openly show and practice their religion . 
  it 's nonsense like yours that conservatives can use to rile up their base by claiming that their religious practices are under attack . 
   political necessity . 
  because other solutions would cause greece less pain but would anger german public and make merkel lose elections . 
  no , legal necessity . 
  we do n't have fiscal transfers in the eu . 
  best we can do is loans that we can barely argue to be mutually beneficial . 
  i also do n't get where this myth that she 'd lose elections is coming from . 
  there 's nobody to really challenge her , our left is dysfunctional as shit and our hard right is n't nearly enough of a threat . 
  she 's pretty much a lock-in for chancellor for as long as she keeps runming . 
   no , it was n't because other countries with similar levels of public debt would be in trouble like greece . 
  you yourself said that there 's no way to tell how much public debt is too much . 
  that is true as there are more factors to consider , such as structure of said debt , domestic economic situation and so on . 
  other countries with high levels of public debt were fine because their overall situation was different to the point where they were more suited to ward off the crisis . 
  that 's not a coincidence though . 
  that 's because they managed their respective countries better than greece did . 
   no , because they had no functioning government which is irrelevant . 
  it 's not like greece would 've been fine if only they did n't have a government to implememt austerity . 
   not true . 
  yeah , i 'm not watching an hour long video waiting for something to support your point . 
  if there 's something relevant and convincing in there then i 'm sure you can tell it to me in your own words . 
   no one is saying greeks bare no fault . 
  but their problems were magnified by how silly ez is managed . 
  and how austerity was enforced to drain capital to save banks . 
  it 's not silly though . 
  it 's perfectly possible to operate well within it , the rules just change a bit . 
  and it 's pretty much the best we can do right now as anything more would require further centralization . 
  and again , austerity was applied out of necessity . 
  greece simply lacks the money to spend their way out of the crisis . 
   insolvency was n't caused by public debt . 
  yes it was . 
  well , in large parts . 
  they simply ended up having too much debt that they could n't realistically service , so they went insolvent when new loans became more difficult to obtain . 
   that did n't enact austerity . 
  because they did n't need to because they did n't screw themselves like greece . 
   slight compared to the level of disastrous policies of austerity . 
  those were a huge mismanagement . 
  again , the austerity measures are a logical consequence of previous mismanagement . 
  greece mismanaged themselves out of any other options . 
   yes , really , ecb was unable to bail out banks like fed did . 
  alternative was to starve greece of capital . 
  or greece could 've been less irresponsible and not gotten into the situation they were and are in in the first place and instead used the benefits provided by the eu wisely . 
   in 2008 belgium had 92.5 % debt to gdp and greece had 109.4 shrugs , my stats had 89 to 113 , but its not much of a difference . 
   there is no way to say how much is too much . 
  if you 're looking at insolvency and general doom , that 's generally a good sign . 
  there are others , of course , but this one is pretty safe and simple . 
   so , like belgium ? 
  no , not loke belgium , who actually got through the crisis . 
   if they cut during global recession , yes . 
  that 's why it was even more stupid move . 
  that 's gon na happen outside of a recession as well , just not as severely . 
  but yknow , that 's why you make those changes before a recession hits rather than waiting for it to kick in and being stuck both unable to service your debt and unable to cut spending without brutal consequences . 
   only if you believe austerity works . 
  but it does n't . 
  it 's not about it working , it 's about it being the only option left . 
  greece just does n't have the money to deficit spend . 
   finally , no , 30 % gdp loss is not warranted by slight mismanagement . 
  it was a result of illiquidity that was exaggerated by forced austerity . 
  `` slight mismanagement '' has to be the euphemism of the year . 
  just out of curiosity , what does a country have to do just to get rid of that `` slight '' there , achieve somalia levels ? 
  someone call the police , i just witnessed a murder . 
   true , that 's why ez is a structurally failed concept ( as it is now ) because it ca n't deal with such a banking crisis in a way that would n't require draining the capital from one country . 
  not really . 
  there are advantages and disadvantages to being in the ez , and countries need to balance those out carefully . 
  i generally think that more centralization is necessary , but that 's more due to the populist demand of more and more spending during boom phases that makes saving up for a crisis very difficult rather than due to some inherent structural flaw . 
   true , but then again , no one saw it coming but greece took disproportionately more on their shoulders . 
  there were people that called the housing bubble bursting before it happened . 
  and either way , expecting some economic crisis is entirely realistic given that shit happens , and countries should make sure that they can handle one if need be . 
   that 's completely bs since belgium had similar level of public debt and nothing happened . 
  furthermore debt levels now are higher than before so , even if you assume public debt is bad ( which is not ) then austerity failed to work in that regard too . 
  they were over twenty points apart . 
  and too much public debt is bad , though critical levels depend on various factors . 
  belgium was still able to service their debt , greece was n't . 
   a small recession , perhaps . 
  30 % gdp loss which is more than wwii have caused ? 
  not really , no . 
  it 's pretty reasonable when you consider the situation greece put itself in . 
  they were sitting on a large and ineffective public sector that employed a significant portion of the population , they were doing very poorly on tax collection and they had early and relatively large pensions . 
  all of these things are good for the economy , but they also put them in a bubble : if they ever had to cut down on spending chances are they 'd also cut heavily into their own economy . 
  which makes it harder to service their debt . 
  which in turn mandates more cuts and and so on . 
  so their debt to gdp did n't really improve ( in fact , it got worse ) because their economy was so reliant on overspending .
