  it is no more of a dictatorship than any regular democracy . 
  in fact , it is less of one since , unlike in some other significantly less democratic nations , secession is a possibility for member states that do n't want to be part of it and do n't want to follow up on the decisions made by the majority . 
  then i suggest leaving . 
  the point of the eu is to be an ever closer union , which , yes , absolutely includes giving up sovereignty . 
  if you 're not cool with that do n't be a part of it , simple as that . 
  that works , to some extent , with our land borders . 
  however , with sea borders this is impossible , the smugglers will simply sink their boats and we will be obligated under maritime law to save them . 
  once that 's done , we need somewhere to drop them off , and since chances are that no country will want to take in a large group of refugees we 're gon na be the ones stuck with the duty to do so . 
  true , however , the burden of returning them to whatever safe country is on you . 
  right now , if we go and tell turkey to take them back ( for example ) they 'll go `` nah , wedonwanna '' and there is precisely nothing we can do about it , which means that there is pretty much nothing we can do but take them in . 
  no , international law says you ca n't turn refugees away . 
  it places no limit on numbers because there literally is n't one , you can not stop taking in refugees . 
  it 's not a matter of the constitution , it 's a matter of international law . 
  it 's not an act of charity though , it 's a legal obligation . 
  if we can get a deal with turkey we can free ourselves of it . 
  as such , `` enough is a point defined by what both us and turkey can agree on , not by some arbitrary measure of charity . 
  letting them drown is also completely illegal . 
  just putting that out there . 
  it 's not just a matter of human rights , it 's a matter of straightup legal obligations . 
  ehhh , not to worry . 
  we got jihadi john , we 'll get this asshole at some point . 
  just keep bombing , he 's gon na die eventually . 
  on the positive side , he is now in a region where torturing people to death is a thing that actually happens . 
  with a bit of luck he 'll get worse than we would ever be willing to give him  . 
  oh no , there 's plenty reason to be afraid of dogs . 
  those teeth are sharp , and they have a strong bite . 
  just saying , trained police dogs are probably the least dangerous of the bunch for law abiding citizens . 
  there is no reason to be scared of trained police dogs . 
  every dog can bite you , but these are the ones trained best not to bite you unless you are doing something that makes a police officer sick them on you , and even then they are generally not trained to kill but rather to incapacitate you . 
  a wild , untrained dog poses a much greater threat since they can attack you without restraint and without reason . 
  indeed . 
  the whole point of the current eu structure is that countries can both follow their own national interests while also serving the interests of the eu as a whole . 
  yet particularly eastern european countries have a tendency to throw a hissy fit when other nations do n't try to take extra measures to accommodate their interests , rather than using the platforms provided by the eu to support their own interests in a democratic landscape . 
  these situations are not at all comparable . 
  giving out work permits is not the same as accepting refugees . 
  the latter requires going through asylum processing , a process that is also meant to ensure that you do not take people in that do not actually qualify for asylum . 
  to put this into context , the vast majority of ukrainian citizens would not qualify for asylum right now . 
  genuine ukrainian refugees that go through the regular asylum procedures would be considered part of the same system as genuine syrian ones or genuine ones from other countries . 
  as such , if you indeed took in your share of asylum seekers , you would not be affected by this system and would not be forced to take more than your share of refugees . 
  if you do not feel comfortable with the consequences i would suggest not handing out work licenses and instead have asylum seekers undergo regular asylum procedures . 
  except in the scenario we are talking about turkey has basically gone completely off the rockers , treating violations of their air space , even if they only occur for under 20 seconds as probably cause to open fire while taking direct military action against nations that do the exact same thing to them . 
  there is no `` holding the line '' , the lunatics have simply started running the turkish asylum and its time for everybody else to get the hell away from them while they run into their doom . 
  frankly , if any nato country goes completely batshit and starts a war with someone stronger than them it should not expect assistance from the rest of us . 
  the whole point of this being a defensive alliance is that we wo n't get drawn into wars other members start . 
  nope . 
  it would basically just make it a declaration of war , whether turkey makes it official or not , and russia would be justified to act accordingly . 
  it 's generally counted as part of europe . 
  so yes , it is in europe . 
  what does that have to do with being a european country ? 
  turkey is a weaker opponent if we go by straightup military strength ( and no way in hell is the rest of us going to get involved if the reason for the conflict is hostile action taken by turkey followed by a legally acceptable response of the russian military ) , so i do n't see how that would be an issue . 
  disagree that we should n't have people that are just as bad as the guy our defensive alliance is supposed to oppose in it ? 
  or disagree that they 're just as bad as putin ? 
  in the latter case i 'd be curious where you think they 're different . 
  both are illegally occupying another european nations territory , both seem to be supporting foreign terrorists , both are quasi dictatorships at this point given erdogans practices and both take a scary stance against free speech . 
  no , i want to kick nato members because they 're just as bad as putin . 
  russia does n't have to do turkish air space . 
  it is convenient to do so , and given that all nations except for the worst shitheads are opposing the terrorists you would expect that minor airspace violations are n't a problem , but they can be avoided even if it may be impractical to do so at times . 
  they can punish turkey without ever entering their airspace , which is what i think they will most likely do . 
  turkey does n't have the capacity to support its own rebels sufficiently without entering syrian airspace or taking hostile action against russian jets in syrian airspace , both of which would be grounds for the rest of us to stay out of it in case of a resulting military conflict . 
  why should it , unless turkey starts shooting at russian aircraft outside turkeys airspace first ( in which case i really do n't think nato would back turkey up ) ? 
  technically , bombings do not require russia to violate turkish airspace , so russia could glass the fuck out of the forces turkey supports without any real problem , and if turkey decides to try to intervene on behalf of these forces they would likely have to enter syrian airspace , making it perfectly justifiable for russia to shoot them down . 
  do n't care . 
  we do n't live in a day and age where we need them , and frankly , i 'd rather have less members and have them not be total bags of dicks instead . 
  without nato , russia would be about three times as powerful as turkey from a military point of view . 
  putin could do a lot to turkey if they did n't hide behind us or we did n't allow them to do so . 
  and i do n't really give a shit how much of a dick putin is and how much of a dick erdogan is in comparison . 
  we should n't have dicks in our defensive alliance . 
  if putin and erdogan want to be dicks to one another then they should do their stupid cock fighting contest , i just do n't want to have anything to do with it . 
  if nato means `` it 's okay to violate international law , support terrorism and be a complete and utter asshole if we do it '' then i am okay with this . 
  having integrity is important as well and right now turkey is showing none of it . 
  why should n't they ? 
  it is still technically a violation of syrian sovereignty as far as international law is concerned . 
  as syrias ally russia would be just as or even more justified to shoot down turkish jets as turkey was in shooting down that russian jet from that perspective . 
  mind you , i think we should all bomb terrorists and not shoot at each other . 
  shooting at each other is fucking stupid . 
  but from a legal point of view , russia would be perfectly justified to shoot down turkish jets . 
  this is not a matter of being a `` putin fanclub '' , this is a matter of applying the exact same rules to turkey as they applied to russia when shooting down that jet . 
  honestly , i just ca n't stand this argument anymore . 
  it certainly rang true during the cold war , back when both the us and the soviets were superpowers . 
  but these days are over . 
  russia can still act like a prick , and still does act like a prick , but they 're not a superpower that we need every strategic advantage or every ally against that we can get . 
  we 're simply not in a position where we have to compromise our values to ensure our freedom . 
  and yet we keep doing it , i mean , for fucks sake , turkey is still illegally occupying half of a european country right now . 
  we should not tolerate this . 
  question 2 is the answer to question 1 . 
  got ta buy new planes now  . 
  iirc they got a huge influx of migrants ( i want to say due to colonialism , though im not sure on that one ) that got citizenship but were heavily underqualified , leading to a significant portion basically being jobless which has now formed significant slums with a disenfranchised youth . 
  radicalization is in this instance something that is simply going to happen with the second to third generation . 
  the us was involved in the me before 2003 . 
  obviously , blaming one party alone is dumb , but there is no denying that us foreign policy has had a huge hand in creating international terrorism . 
  heck , had the us just stayed out of iraq and not supplied rebels in syria it is incredibly likely for isis to be just another useless and ineffective small terror organization that occasionally bombs something in the me as opposed to the terror state it is now . 
  i believe swedish ones to not be as easily radicalized , however . 
  this could be related to france having a pretty terrible immigration policy sometime in the 70s to 80s which in turn may very well have created a lot of easily radicalized second or third gen immigrants . 
  because easily radicalized second or third generation migrants with local citizenship represent a significantly larger threat than new migrants or refugees . 
  france has a lot of the first group , making it a prime target for terrorist strikes . 
  i mean , there is the possibility of economic pressure being used to force changes in eu policy . 
  however , the only instance i can think of that could be constructed as that was merkels statement that countries not taking refugees would get cut in terms of receiving eu money , which , quite frankly , is perfectly reasonable : these countries would save quite a bit of money not taking in refugees that other member states would have to pay , they can consider not getting money as a form of paying their share . 
  then i suggest voting to leave instead of bitching about democratic processes . 
  you 're not forced to be part of the eu , yknow . 
  russia will not fully implement that agreement in the foreseeable future .
