  no matter what treaties we sign . 
  what organizations we join . 
  i do n't believe that until proven wrong ... 
   poles have never been as prosperous and secure in more than 1000 years of existence that 's quality journalism right there ... 
  but you eat pork right ? 
  ... right ? 
  recently i 've watched knockin ' on heaven 's door . 
  really great german movie . 
  - another masterpiece . 
  this time from russia . 
  as for polish gems . 
  would recommend : 1 . 
  knife in the water 2 . 
  saragossa manuscript and something lighter vabank . 
   according to the plan , refugees would have certain rights but would also need to fulfill certain obligations during their stay in germany . 
  i thought that was a given . 
  got it now . 
  in that case none of the above would be true . 
  and nothing really would change from the way it is now ? 
  except not federalized eu would have even less influence on the matters . 
  imo bad idea ( for eu as a whole ) . 
  again no cons for those included , 
  it was used in the past . 
  and probably when it happens , it will be used again . 
  ee is well aware of that . 
  there will be talks , negotiations , sanctions maybe . 
  that 's it . 
  i see no cons in this idea to be honest . 
  europe would face a lot less problems than it has now . 
  democratically elected gov in eu parlament . 
  this is big deal , at least for me . 
  i want to know that people pulling the strings are chosen by ordinary people . 
  no more secret ballots . 
  security - federalized europe would have to have common military force . 
  not to mention turning back on allies during conflict would be impossible . 
  there would be no more problems with eurozone . 
  toned down `` us - them '' rhetoric from both sides . 
  east would heave more trust to the west ( security reasons ) . 
  same with with south ( economical reasons ) . 
  weird thing is we do n't distinguish various kinds of potatoes . 
  in store you can buy potatoes and that 's it . 
  no red potatoes or other 15 types . 
  there 's no preferred potato for pancake , soup , mashed etc. 
  meanwhile average pole can tell you what kind of apple you 're eating just by looking at it ... 
  or to uphold eu reforms that demands use of certain technologies , coincidentally rich nations export ... hi hi . 
  yeah but how to judge if it was deliberate or not ? 
  we do n't know all the facts what uk and us known before the invasion . 
  we do n't know what intelligence reports contained . 
  and it what ways it was obtained . 
  to be clear i 'm not trying to defend that decision . 
  nor am i trying to prove that you 're wrong . 
  governments manipulate it 's citizens all the time . 
  but i 'm not sure i would call it `` hybrid warfare '' in this case . 
  well they used chemical weapons in iran-iraq war . 
  so the statement that they did n't have it is false . 
  after the gulf war united nations located and destroyed large quantities of iraqi chemical weapons and related equipment and materials throughout the early 1990s . 
  so its no surprise that usa was so easy to jump to conclusion later , that iraq is again producing chemical weapons when intelligence reports said it did . 
  context matters in this case . 
  we 're just have to wait and see then . 
  nothing is free in this world . 
  but the `` national compensation mechanisms '' will be put into play . 
  just like it was in the past when uk was receiving 2/3 of its contributions back . 
  netherlands and sweden now have lump-sum payments . 
  also netherlands , sweden , germany and austria have reduced vat call rates . 
  it 's just a matter of time ... 
  enlighten me then . 
  each country 's payment is divided into three parts : a fixed percentage of gross national income ( gni ) , customs duties collected on behalf of the eu ( known as `` traditional own resources '' ) and a percentage of vat income . 
  and there is something called `` national compensation mechanisms '' and when the eu council and the european parliament approve the annual eu budget , total revenue must equal total expenditure . 
  in practice , however , actual revenue and expenditure often differ from the estimates . 
  there is usually a surplus , which is used to reduce eu countries ' contributions to the budget for the following year . 
  of course it is . 
  the moment poland economy gets strong enough it will no longer be beneficiary but contributor . 
  just like germany , uk and france is now . 
  eu is pumping money into poland because it is sixth-largest economy . 
  as soon as eu biggest economies and standards of living will become comparable this whole funding will flip . 
  and those who received most will have to contribute the most . 
  and those who contributed the most will benefit the most . 
  it 's logical ... and pretty fair to be honest . 
  but it 's not free . 
  it 's basically an investment not a loan per se . 
  but do n't act like it 's some kind of charity ... from what i 've read on r/europe / the overall sentiment towards ee is this . 
  `` we give you money so shut up and do what you 're told '' . 
  am i wrong ? 
  so just because poland receives money from eu . 
  not free money by the way ( in the future we will have to pay it back ... ) . 
  that means that we have to show solidarity in everything germany does ? 
  forcing quotas on other nations that clearly do n't want to deal with `` refugees '' . 
  no matter how small is not an invitation to solidarity . 
  especially when next thing germany does is to propose `` permanent relocation quotas '' without solution for leaky borders as mean to fix the issue ... poland is not the only country that criticizes germany for it 's actions in this crisis . 
  and not the only one that did not take as many `` refugees '' as they should . 
  how many `` refugees '' were relocated again in eu ? 
  272 out of 160000 ? 
  what about blessed ramadan offensive in 1988 ? 
  i 'm sorry to tell you this but saddam used sarin gas couple times . 
  and it 's no secret . 
  of course then cia and saddam were friends `` an iranian victory is unacceptable . '', 
  iraq had chemical weapons and used them in combat . 
  it 's a very stingy list if you ask me . 
  21 items and only worth ones are : 1 . 
  food and beverages 2 .
