  without debate and proper discussion . 
  not quite . 
  the commission advised that every solution regarding tk have to comply with its verdicts . 
  so judges that where appointed by po unconstitutionally should not be approved . 
  same with those appointed by pis . 
  the biggest criticism is about new laws how tk should work . 
  and that in current state its crippling tk to much . 
  and the law should be reversed and rewritten from scratch . 
  with more safety nets . 
  now lets see if pis really had changed . 
  if it has any self preservation instinct the problem will be solved . 
  they 'll undo what they 've done and continue . 
  if not , well people will take care of it . 
  sooner or later . 
  the only way integration can work is when migrants are thrown into society and spread evenly like butter on bread . 
  that way they have to learn the language and interact with country citizens . 
  otherwise they 'll concentrate in certain places and make state within a state . 
  and to be honest one can not blame them for wanting to go where majority is represented by their own . 
  for safety , no language barrier , similar culture and so on . 
  the problem arises when second and third generation is born in such parallel societies . 
  they have no connection to either country they live in or the country their parents came from . 
  outcasts with no roots . 
  frustrated and angry . 
  the question is how to prevent this from happening ? 
  how to prevent formation of these parallel societies ? 
  i have no clue . 
  every idea that comes to mind is either racist , or severely limits the rights and freedoms of these people . 
  you should say what you think . 
  but whatever ... 
  hurt your feelings i see . 
  very interesting read indeed . 
  yet i can not shake the feeling that both sides of the fence fit the description here ( at least some points ) . 
  and at the same time one leads to other `` action - reaction '' kind of way ( at other points ) . 
  on one hand we have poland with extreme fear of muslims . 
  that 's says no to migrants and paints them as enemies . 
  with narrative like `` we are the victims of eu through history '' . 
  with ruling party that appeals to frustrated middle class . 
  people opposed to migrants painted as heroes defending the europe . 
  and so on . 
  on the other hand we have germany or sweden - that paint 's itself as victim since nobody is helping `` share the burden '' . 
  with signs of irrationalism i.e. 
  taking as many people as possible without thinking it through . 
  action for action 's sake . 
  disagreement is treason ( of eu values ) . 
  and with the media coverage that deliberately does not make distinction between migrant and refugee . 
  putting all those people in one basket and showing only women and children in the pictures . 
  as for one leading to another . 
  frustration of the middle class comes from politics that puts corporate interest above citizens . 
  which leads to rise of far-right ... 
  even on the most basic level one leads to other . 
  age of reason with time will feel emotionless and harsh . 
  without soul if you will . 
  leads to raise of romanticism . 
  which by the way i believe we have now . 
  just by looking at popularity of fantasy and heroic stuff . 
  magic , wonders , heroic fights between good and evil . 
  popularity of shows/movies/books like game of thrones , lord of the rings , harry potter , the avengers , batman etc. 
  do n't know what to think of it . 
  i know that i know nothing . 
  women are like dog poo . 
  the older they are , the easier they get to pick up . 
  cons : potatoes pros : potatoes, 
  governments just collect data . 
  store it in the database . 
  and then software is analyzing it for certain patterns . 
  technology goes forward so the software used , gets more sophisticated . 
  when suspicious pattern is detected the data is then analyzed by real people . 
  and then if it 's considered dangerous the monitoring tightens . 
  the problem with this is simple . 
  does the government have the right collect this data ? 
  is it ever deleted ? 
  is it used for political gains i.e. 
  can someone access what 's already collected and check if certain senator used the services of hookers . 
  is it used for profiling ordinary people . 
  nobody knows . 
  need to build faraday cage in the basement ... 
  the fact that adolf was an artist does not negate my argument . 
  drunk president at public events is disgraceful . 
  any public person for that matter . 
  that 's where the red line lies . 
  we should bring back noc kupa\u0142y . 
  old school pagan one . 
  with wreaths of flowers floating in the rivers . 
  boys catching them to gain girl attention . 
  looking for magical ferns at night ... in the woods  giant bonfires . 
  that sort of stuff . 
  i though they 'll be charged for treason to be honest . 
  going to another country to fight for the enemy - treason . 
  do n't know the dude . 
  so ca n't really judge if he 's trolling or joking or something else . 
  but he has a point . 
  drugs do broaden the horizon mentally . 
  smoking not so much . 
  but weed , alcohol , mushrooms and all the rest , often can change perspective on the way we look at things . 
  most artist and creative people do have history of using drugs . 
  moderation and knowing when to stop is the key though . 
  many people do have problem catching where the red line lies . 
   in 2008 poland introduced a law on the card of the pole , which targeted the population of lands formerly ruled by poland in belarus , ukraine and the baltics . 
  this is not true . 
  the law targeted the population formerly ruled by soviet union .
