  basically it means `` i do n't know if god exists '' . 
  so religion might be a thing but i 'll not participate because i 'm not convinced/have no proof etc. 
   tax discounts for families with 2 or 3 kids this i never understood . 
  as an argument or action from the gov to increase birthrates . 
  it seems logical at first . 
  let people who have 2-3 kids pay less . 
  but it kinda misses the target ai n't it ? 
  these laws target people who already have kids , not those who do n't . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i was little kid back then but my parents told what was like during `` shock therapy '' in poland . 
  yes it 'll be worth less . 
  but it 'll be there . 
  bank on the other hand can declare bankruptcy and take it all . 
  leaving you with nothing , or blank promises that someday someone will compensate for the loss . 
  probably yes . 
  different climates are suitable for different plants . 
  but i think that seed variety is important factor here . 
  veggies grown for market have to be pretty , store well , and survive transport . 
  never grew tomato that looks like the one bought in store . 
  perfect round , bloody red , you know typical store tomato . 
  all i was able to grew was bizarrely shaped , pinkish thing that while it tastes great . 
  i do n't think it would survive transportation , or look pretty on the shelve . 
  there are lots of organizations that try to preserve those `` not industrial '' varieties of veggies from extinction . 
  which is interesting topic . 
  i 'm curious . 
  how do both compare to store bought ones ? 
  tomatoes from garden in greece vs market in greece ? 
  and garden in netherlands vs store in netherlands . 
  internally the bank does with this information whatever it wants . 
  hell in some cases there 's a clause in the contract that lets the bank sell this info to other companies/banks . 
  depends on the bank and account obviously . 
  the government have access to this information the same way it can obtain billings , ip addresses and so on . 
  amount of cars was n't the point . 
  the point was that with that kind of attitude people will get used to the way it is . 
  and view it as perfectly normal . 
  ah it works somehow , besides it does n't concern me directly so i 'm not going to try change that . 
  was watching recently documentary ( do n't remember the title ) about ww2 . 
  and there were lots of memories cited . 
  german jews memories . 
  and interesting point was made how ordinary germans ( not everybody was nazi right ? ), 
  reacted to these concerning events that took place around them ( before the war ) . 
  the point of it was that ordinary german during that time was anesthetized . 
  until it does concern me directly . 
  i 'm fine with it or i do n't care . 
  that 's one way to think about it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong btw . 
  it 's tempting to think that way . 
  but it does n't fix the problem is it ? 
  i mean young french citizens feel , they have more in common with some distant dumphole in middle east than their own country . 
  to me that 's concerning . 
  it feels like western europe have to invest in promoting patriotism for a change . 
  after bombarding it 's own people with propaganda , that everybody is equal and family/nation is anachronism not needed in today 's day and age . 
   the author needs to argue how the sector is getting `` more power and influence '' if we go cashless . 
  3 quotes out of 5 you did , are exactly that . 
   just because you are paying online means you completely and irrevocably forfeit your privacy ? 
  i do n't think it works that way . 
  in reality it does work that way . 
  if you 're paying cash the transaction goes from buyer to seller . 
  and the only trace is receipt . 
  going cashless is adding one more party to the equation - the bank . 
  and the only task bank have to do is to change the numbers between two accounts and note the transaction . 
  the difference here is receipt does not have the names on it ( other than a firm ) . 
  bank accounts however have names attached to them . 
  everything you buy would be stored in the database . 
   in both cases the government simply banned cash withdrawal . 
  but did not reach to cash savings stored under the mattress . 
  if the only place you can keep your money is bank . 
  it can be taken away from you easily . 
  by the bank or government whatever the reason might be . 
  do n't know the quality of food in the us/canada so ca n't comment on that . 
  but from perspective of a someone who grows vegetables in the garden . 
  quality of market veggies in eu is not that great . 
  difference in taste of tomatoes from the market and homegrown ones is really striking . 
  bread on the other hand is of really good quality . 
  that 's true . 
  in my opinion the most apparent part of neglected history is actually the most important one . 
  everybody tends to focus on what happened during the war . 
  and not to many are interested in what led to war . 
  which is the part we can learn from , the most . 
  sadly that part of polish history is not bright ( not all of it at least ) . 
  after obtaining independence and winning the war with bolsheviks , which in itself is huge achievement . 
  poland became to cocky for it 's own good . 
  and got played like a little baby by all sides . 
  other problem is that ww2 is presented as fight between good and evil , which simply is not true . 
  hollywood style narrative was also present during the war . 
  and it 's quite interesting to see how poland was viewed ( in press articles for example ) during different periods of said war . 
  from brave nation who fights oppressor with applause from it 's allies . 
  to evil collaborant or at least nation who pretends it does something but in reality it does nothing . 
  that change in narrative happened when it became obvious winning the war is not happening without stalin assistance . 
  and everybody knew the price of said assistance ... 
  this is very dangerous attitude you have there . 
  downplaying the fact that ambulances/firetrucks ca n't reach those in need . 
  but it 's not that bad guys 1 police car is enough of an escort so it 's nothing to worry about . 
  next would be 2 police cars , 3 police cars and so on . 
  and gradually standards go down . 
  and before you know ambulance escorted by police car will be viewed as something perfectly normal . 
  until some progress is made in storing energy . 
  wind and pv are no alternative at all . 
  merely a boost to conventional ways of obtaining it ( coal , nuclear etc ) . 
  from my experience they 're very demanding .
