  oh and change the name . 
  dietary recommendations should take climate into consideration . 
  saying that `` europe '' have to reduce their intake of saturated fat ( meat ) is fallacy . 
  it depends on climate people live in . 
  hire some bodyguards and permanently ban every person that misbehaves . 
  they wo n't . 
  but people will be less prone to that kind of narrative . 
  i hope . 
  it 's good though . 
  pis will have a chance to fuck up completely . 
  on their own . 
  without shifting blame on coalition party . 
  then society will make sure to not vote for them next time . 
  1 and 2 are not mutually exclusive . 
  since there is theory that 6/7 days does not refer to our days but to god and his perception of time . 
  also nowhere does the bible claim to be inerrant . 
  quite the opposite . 
  2 timothy 3:16 `` all scripture is inspired by god and is useful for teaching , for reproof , for correction , and for training in righteousness . '', 
  hans : an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind . 
  billy : no , it does n't . 
  there 'll be one guy left with one eye . 
  how 's the last blind guy gon na take out the eye of the last guy left ? 
  [ patlabor 2 : the `` just war/unjust peace '' scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2sqdudele4 ), 
  yeah that 's partially true . 
  poland should take that mere 9.000 just to keep the word . 
  i guess we can agree on that . 
  on the other hand that mere 9k people will not change much in the grand sheme of things . 
  one thing is certain though . 
  ee will not take part in taking refugees/migrants . 
  that part is clear at this point no matter the reasoning behind it . 
  you may or may not agree with but that 's the reality of it . 
  so with that out of the way the best action we could make is take the offer proposed by ee instead , and exploit it as much as possible . 
  i 'm talking about financing and personell assistance . 
  this sort of blackmailing will simply not work . 
  and is fueling tit for tat tactics inside eu wich is the last thing we need right now . 
  there 's enough of it already . 
  bravo . 
  this is the way of thinking i applaud . 
  `` we give you money '' card is thrown so much lately that it borders on absurd . 
  looks more like employer - empoyee relationship right now rather than an union to be honest . 
  seriously if italy wants to stop funding ee that 's their choice , and by all means go right ahead and do it . 
  it 's not the end of the world for ee ... 
  pretty much . 
  yes . 
  the blue is sympathy for an imigrant . 
  the yellow is antypathy or having precaution about certain group . 
  and it goes like this ( from top to bottom ) : 1 . 
  western europeans 2 . 
  canada and usa 3 . 
  ukraine 5 . 
  africa 6 . 
  arabs, 
  do n't know how accurate it is but it seems poles are quite tolerant on migrants in general . 
  to be honest i do n't think that 's the case . 
  or at least core issue . 
  the immigration was to rapid in my view . 
  so the changes poles bringed were also to sudden . 
  people do n't like that hence the backlash . 
  if the migration was slow and gradual it would n't appear `` as dangerous or threatening '' to average brit . 
  http://www.bailii.org/eu/cases/echr/2015/755.html the point i 'm trying to make is that if you wa n't to truly legalise abortion . 
  legal status of human embryo must be set first . 
  decision should be made if it 's human being or not . 
  if not then cloning should be legal , scientific research should be legal , genetic modifications should be legal . 
  right ? 
  because right now we have weird double standard . 
  you can not clone it but you can kill it . 
  does n't make any logical sense . 
  but lets go further . 
  if human ebryo is not human being like so many pro abortion like to say ( although scientist have clear view on this issue ) and should n't be protected ( under human rights laws ) . 
  then what about hypothetical scientific experiment . 
  cloned genetically modified ( lets say mixed with some animal ) human embryo grows ... what would be the legal status of that thing ? 
  is it human ? 
  is it not ? 
  does human right apply here ? 
  can you kill it ? 
  and that 's very interesting topic . 
  one has to look no further than eu court rulings about human embryo to know how fucked up the legal status of it is . 
  yeah yeah it was n't compilant with eu treaties , onz regulations and polish constitution . 
  no single expert backed this piece of crap . 
  but whatever right ? 
   it begs the question `` why ? '' . 
  why are this guy and his party pushing for no abortions when they dont have the public support for it , and it doesnt win them public support . 
  that was one of the `` promises '' during the elections . 
  to say now there 's no public support for it is a little disingenuous . 
  when it comes to winning public support it 's a minefield . 
  this topic is so polarizing in this country that no matter what you do you 'll win some lose some . 
  that 's true . 
  liberalization project was so badly written that it was rejected right of the bat . 
  journalism used to be about well sourced facts . 
  now it 's about who can report about something first . 
  which results in whole lot he said she said articles . 
  so we 're dealing with trade of somewhat . 
  instant news but not very well documented . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fq7gbwhy_9e sorry could n't resist ... 
  you know there 's a difference between spraying something on a wall ( which leaves damage ) and throwing bacon at a wall right ? 
  also spraying swastica is nothing more thatn an act of vandalism , not a hate crime . 
  beating someone because he 's brown is a hate crime . 
  are you for real ? 
  it 's a stupid stunt nothing more . 
  it 's still a little steep sentence .
