  large-scale attacks . 
  it 's a certainty . 
  this hyper-terrorism is here to stay . '' even french president francois hollande , a socialist , stated , `` all of france is under the threat of islamic terrorism . '' quick google search . 
  so he kinda did say it . 
  but he was misunderstood kinda . 
  do n't know . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.dailywire.com/news/7510/french-prime-minister-says-terrorism-new-normal-ben-shapiro ), 
  on the other hand . 
  equipment cost the same money for sweden and poland ( if it 's not manufactured in house ) . 
  this also should be taken into consideration . 
  what 's the news here ? 
  did pope francis encountered socially conservative church already ? 
  did polish church opposed the vatican teachings in some way ? 
  what is the event reported here ? 
  this `` news '' article is nothing more than one big `` what if ... '' and a bunch of opinions about polish church thrown in for a good measure . 
  what 's the point ? 
  this way of thinking although logical is wrong . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  assuming that refugees came to work in swedish companies , for swedish salaries and to drive swedish economy is great misconception . 
  people work to provide for themselves . 
  so first and foremost refugees as a community will start to provide what they need ( and can not afford ) for themselves . 
  simple stuff like food , clothing , repair shops and so on . 
  they will create demand for low-skill jobs and they 'll fill it to . 
  those lucky enough to get a decent job will invest in the regions where they 're come from , which in turn will create more jobs . 
  and so on . 
  no need for learning language , getting educated or even paying taxes ( at least at the beginning ) . 
   during communism says it all ai n't it   * had yeah . 
  corrected but thnx anyway . 
  it 's not like poland can not have their own bombs . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  poland has enough high quality fuel to build dozen of bombs . 
  the thing is it never wanted them in the first place . 
  and i do n't believe it will change anytime soon . 
  so i really do n't understand what 's this `` sharing '' all about to be honest ... 
  correction : poland had enough fuel to build dozen of bombs . 
  now apparently is about to complete the process of removing heu from its research reactor . 
  guess where the fuel goes ? 
  in 2014 the highly enriched uranium went to radioactive waste disposal site located in russian federation . 
  kefir with strawberries is awesome . 
  my favorite summer cocktail . 
  although flavored ones in stores do not taste that great . 
  home made ones are awesome and simple to make . 
  strawberries + kefir + sugar + blender = mniam , 
  do n't know if it 's ture recipe but basically cook it on low heat for a long time . 
  and throw every meaty leftovers you 've got plus chicken broth and do not overdo with tomatoes . 
  it 's a meat sauce ... 
  would pay serious money for nokia e71 with e-ink screen and one month standby . 
  or any decent phone with buttons and e-ink for that matter . 
  your own administrator . 
  have n't heard of critical bug in linux that was not fixed in reasonable time-frame . 
  unless we 're talking about hardware support which is different issue altogether and the blame lies more on manufacturer side than the os itself . 
  but let 's be honest here . 
  windows and linux are geared towards totally different crowds , at least desktop editions . 
  windows is full fledged os sold as one complete package . 
  where main advantage is ease of use , and main dissadvantage is lack of flexibility . 
  linux is total opposite of that . 
  it 's just a kernel and everything else can be chosen by the end user . 
  which provides a lot of flexibility but require some degree of knowledge . 
  so comparing the two does n't make sense really . 
   in your proposed single market a company would not be allowed to sell superman comics written in german while also selling superman comics written in polish . 
  translation does not change content . 
  if both comics have same pictures , same story . 
  they 're the same . 
  on the other hand selling superman comics with half the pages , cut story or drawn by completely different artist under the same name would be a fraud . 
  single market means that products should adhere to the same standards . 
  that 's why for example mountain dew is different in eu vs usa . 
   it does n't mean that a seller has to sell in all countries . 
  true but if company decides to do it . 
  the product should be the same . 
  otherwise it 's cheating the customer . 
  eu is supposed to be single market though . 
   because it is not eu job to do something about this . 
  eu responsibilities among others are standardisation in a single martket . 
  i would say it is eu job to do something about it . 
  to make sure the product named x would be the same no matter where it 's bought in the eu . 
  and if corporations trully change contents based on regional `` tastes '' there 's nothing stopping them to make them with other name attached . 
  yeah pretty much . 
  i think that in their ( terrorists ) view ee is not part of this `` evil west '' they 're fighting . 
  just merely a bunch of countries being spoiled or steered the wrong way by this imaginatory evil . 
  so it makes ee secondary target at best . 
   the attacker got out of the lorry and was followed by a witness who is then said to have lost him in the tiergarten park . 
  a pakistani man was later arrested at the victory monument on the basis of the description of the attacker given to police by the witness , spiegel says . 
  eu spends more than 100m euros yearly on useless strasbourg sittings , which last four days . 
  that money could be better spent ... 
  stuff that 's live could be in english . 
  like news and proceedings . 
  since most people nowadays know it well enough . 
  the rest could be in original launguage with subs . 
  or multiple audio tracks if available . 
  still do n't understand why something like eu tv does not yet exists . 
  it could do hell of a lot in terms of awareness and showing of different european cultures . 
  seriously eu should rent one transponder ( lets say on astra 19.2 e ) which is like 6m euros a year . 
  and launch couple fta channels . 
  eu news channel - news from europe 2 . 
  eu politics - that shows eu proceedings and discusses laws passed 3 . 
  eu history - european history documentaries 4 . 
  eu nature - nature docs 5 . 
  eu travel - showing interesting places to visit in eu 6 . 
  eu movies - classic european movies ( no hollywood , bollywood ) one can dream ... 
  in all seriousness i do n't care one way or the other .
