  expecting best food , best beer , best liquor . 
  but when they find something they really like . 
  well they will buy large quantities . 
  and i mean large . 
  for example russian tourist in poland buying 10-12 bottles of bison grass vodka + 2-3 kg of kie\u0142basa + 2 kg of ham and 0,5 kg of cheese is nothing special . 
  make sense since it 's the best technology we have right now to produce energy . 
  until that changes and something better comes along we should use it ... 
  no because the one inviting can set moral standards for the invited . 
  and invited has the option to not come if he 's not agreeing with set moral standards . 
  it works both ways . 
  the one coming to country not invited can be viewed as form of oppression ( of a country ) - invasion . 
  there 's difference between oppression and punishment . 
  oppression is always morally wrong . 
  punishment not so much . 
  so it would look like this with hitler example . 
  oppression for his views - morally wrong punishment ( which is a form of oppression ) for his actions - morally right . 
  it 's simple and well defined from a moral standpoint . 
  the thing is called golden rule . 
  and was/is present in majority of philosophical , religious , ethical movements throughout centuries . 
   it never did though . 
  so far , this is nothing but an abstract fear of the eastern eu countries . 
  the eu 's most fundamental objective is secure supplies because gazprom cut its gas supply to more than a dozen eu countries for two weeks in january 2009 . 
  a study by the swedish defence research agency established that russia used `` coercive energy policy '' fifty-five times from 1991 until 2006 , with gazprom being the culprit in sixteen of these cases . 
   well , this is a concern that could be adressed . 
  yes it can be adressed but it 's not being adressed . 
  and this is big problem considering ships with lng is viable option now . 
  sometimes it 's cheaper than gas from a pipe . 
  now i wonder why this complaint was so easily rejected by german court . 
  lets be honest here . 
  this is clearly a political move to make germany a gas hub of eu in the future . 
  nobody knows if it 's compliant with eu law ( third energy package ) yet . 
  every party involved tries to bullshit everyone else that it 's just business and not politics . 
  to avoid dealing with this problem on eu level . 
  there were signs of corruption from high ranking politicians involved ( gerhard schroeder ) on first project . 
  i will quote vice - president of the european commission , in charge of energy union here :  right now we need to clear up the first set of issues , the key parameters of the nord stream project 's compliance to eu law , and then we will move to the next debate . 
  what i hear from the countries who voiced their concern in their letter from yesterday is that their first concern is energy security , the gradual drying up of the ukrainian route , the loss of the biggest transit route [ of russian gas ] to europe . 
   we are moving from three major routes : nord stream , yamal [ via poland ] and the ukrainian transit routes to two . 
  and that entails congestion and bottlenecks on the way from germany to central and eastern europe , not speaking about the loss of revenues for ukraine and other transiting countries . 
   therefore i think it 's very important to look to a comprehensive solution , when it comes to gas balance and energy security for all eu member states , and not a few . 
   quite frankly , belarus is none of our concerns , ukraine is n't either . 
  but poland is your concern , at least it should be . 
  germany makes a deal with country outside eu that potentially hinders other eu states . 
   cant comment on that . 
  source ? 
  http://www.pap.pl/en/news-/news,447328,hamburg-court-rejects-polish-complaint-against-nord-stream.html  it does n't . 
  it does not matter whether we use russian gas that came through the north sea or russian gas that came through poland or ukraine . 
  yes it does . 
  the whole point of eu energy security is to diversify energy suppliers . 
  meaning to reduce eu dependency on russian gas . 
  current pipe operates at 50 % capacity . 
  building another one will decrease or increase european gas dependency from russia in the future ? 
   the only way poland gets ` fucked over ' is that they wont get transit fees anymore . 
  can not agree . 
  the pipeline will allow russia to cut off belarus and ukraine , and potentially poland . 
  because it wo n't be buried in the sea bed , nord stream 2 will reduce the depth of the waterway . 
  which will prevent large ships entering poland . 
  already happend with nord stream btw . 
  and finally it harms eu energy security . 
  increasing reliance on one supplier . 
  `` s\u0105 trzy prawdy : \u015bwiento prawda , tys prawda i g\u00f3wno prawda '' rough translation : the are 3 truths : holy truth , that 's also true and bullshit . 
  macierewicz approved anti corruption program in the military . 
  do n't know what this means exactly . 
  but maybe it 's correlated ? 
  who knows . 
  hate speech in this context is calling for crime . 
  so saying stuff like children should be beaten for no praying , adulterers should be stoned are equal to lets say nazis saying that all jews should be exterminated/killed whatever . 
  and it 's the only criteria in my opinion that does n't equal censoring free speech . 
  meaning you can criticize or laugh at everything ( politicians , religious figures etc ) but you 're not allowed to try and persuade people to commit crimes on these minorities . 
  there is this conspiracy theory in krak\u00f3w that some psycho serial killer targets people from it business . 
  no proof of that though . 
  but there are people missing . 
  including my friend . 
  who went out to eat something and never returned . 
  to this day nobody knows what happened to him . 
  those kind of cases are the worst for family and friends . 
  no closure whatsoever ... 
  first thing that popped in my mind reading crap like `` saving the world '' . 
  but it has logical explanation . 
  covering up the face makes difficult to identify a person . 
  most of europe has laws against wearing masks during public events for example . 
  always thought french fries was belgium invention . 
   it 's said that this dish was discovered by american soldiers in belgium during world war i and , since the dominant language of southern belgium is french , they dubbed the tasty potatoes `` french '' fries . 
  the smallest dog bark the loudest . 
  we 're gon na see more and more of these kind of incidents across all europe . 
  every cloud has a silver lining though . 
  those groups will be easier to spot and put behind bars . 
  true yet at the same time . 
  solution proposed by merkel screws over entire eu . 
  without fixing anything . 
  true . 
  that 's why i like what commission proposes on that matter . 
  the provisions of the amendments of 22 december 2015 , affecting the efficiency of the constitutional tribunal , should be removed . 
  instead , a proposal of a working group preparing the law on the tribunal , but which was -- unfortunately -- removed in the process of adopting the law , could be taken up again : institutions such as universities , the judiciary or the bar should be entitled to make proposals for candidates for judges ; the sejm should be obliged to select judges among these proposed candidates . 
  in addition , the venice commission recommends that poland should hold a principled and balanced debate , which provides enough time for full participation by all institutions , on : reform of the procedure and on the organisation of the court and whether and what types of proceedings warrant reasonable time limits before the tribunal . 
  while it is obviously not a good moment , under the present circumstances , to discuss reform of the constitution and possible amendments , the venice commission nonetheless recommends that the constitution be amended in the long run to introduce a qualified majority the claim of privilege presented in this case . 
  marbury v. madison , supra at 177 . '', 
  united states v. nixon , 418 u.s. 683 ( 1974 ) - 25 - cdl ( 2016 ) 003 for the election of the constitutional tribunal judges by the sejm , combined with an effective anti-deadlock mechanism . 
  a valid alternative would be to introduce a system by which a third of the judges of the constitutional tribunal are each appointed / elected by three state powers -- the president of poland , parliament and the judiciary . 
  of course , even in such a system , it would be important for the parliamentary component to be elected by a qualified majority . 
  i 'm all for changes in tk but not done in a rush .
