  it 's fun to watch them scream and cry now out of desperation . 
  how can you grant asylum when 3/4 of country is `` safe '' ( in legal terms at least ) . 
  let 's not pretend that war in ukraine has nothing to do with migration of its people . 
  what do you expect from post colonial country ? 
  it 's normal . 
  finally voice of reason . 
  worth a watch . 
  all the best . 
  not going to read it , but let me guess . 
  the raise of right-wing parties , or maybe raise of euroscepticism . 
  one of the two , or both . 
  remember citizen of eu !, 
  you 're not allowed to think differently . 
  we will fight with critique and opposition , or simply ignore your voice ... you know eu values , defenders of democracy and all that jazz . 
  ever wondered why extremism is homegrown ? 
  why citizens are not connected to their own countries ? 
  to me it seems like part of the problem is precisely what you advocate . 
  no nations , no patriotism . 
  we 're all europeans . 
  and that ideology is pushed down our throats from above . 
  it does n't come from people . 
  as it should . 
  at least i 'm not seeing it . 
  and as long as it does n't . 
  the result is opposite as intended . 
  religion is an answer to this specific emotional need many people have . 
  and had throughout history . 
  that almost instinctive thought , that it has to be something bigger . 
  that world is indeed organized in some way for a reason . 
  religion also is emotional cushion for fear of death . 
  humans long ago discovered that they have `` spiritual side '' . 
  that they like to contemplate . 
  that they 're self aware , and wonder `` why are we here '' . 
  other positive aspect of religion is that it binds people together . 
  provides vision and purpose . 
  that is hard to replace . 
  there are not many ideologies that can convince people to do something together for greater good/evil ( depends ) , to do selfless deeds together . 
  or even die for a cause . 
  is fear of flying rational ? 
  choosing to travel by car instead of flying . 
  while there 's bigger chance to die in car crash . 
  is fear of terrorism rational ? 
  while there 's bigger chance to die crossing the street . 
  patriot act after 9/11 was rational ? 
  or emotions had something to do with decisions made . 
  wife beaten by husband telling doctor she fell . 
  because she still loves him . 
  is this rational ? 
  victim of a kidnapping defends the kidnapper ( stockholm syndrome ) . 
  is this rational ? 
  are romeo and julia behaved in rational way ? 
  i can go on and on and on ... of course there are a lot of expressions in every language that touches this subject also . 
  being a hothead , emotional bias etc. 
  advertisements appeal to our emotions to influence our buying habits . 
  to buy more expensive stuff because `` brand '' not because quality . 
  media are bombarding us with emotional headlines . 
  to get the clicks . 
  articles written in emotional way . 
  to steer the view of it 's reader . 
  political debates/campaigns are almost always designed to emotionally appeal to voter . 
  apparently it works . 
  i wonder is it have to do anything with the `` new silk road '' project . 
  but you do n't outright ban them . 
  or wish potato chips cease to exist . 
  now just looking at this thread shows how many people think religion should be eradicated . 
  fighting fire with fire . 
  at least today i 've learned how to call them , 
  same with love . 
  love is mass delusion for you ? 
  because like religion , it has nothing to do with rational thinking . 
  same with emotions , sympathies and antipathies . 
  sometimes you just do n't like a person , and it 's hard to really tell why . 
  saying that eliminating religion could help the world , is like saying stripping people from emotions would help the world . 
  this is a good write up . 
  thank you . 
  one question . 
  how would you define/call a person that : 1 . is not sure god exists 2 . is opposed to the institution called `` church '' 3 . lives by the `` rules '' defined by religion ( 10 commandments etc ) 4 . reads the bible for a moral guidance is that person an agnostic-theist ? 
  ahh so it 's called antitheism . 
  did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  precisely . 
  it 's good and all to lessen the burden ( so to speak ) for those who want more kids . 
  but what about those who do n't have any at all ? 
  you know a law that would target people not convinced , thinking they ca n't afford , can not provide good life for just one child . 
  have n't seen many of those proposed . 
  at least in poland . 
  it 's always you have 2-3 kids ? 
  we will help you . 
  have just one or none at all ? 
  fuck it you 're on your own . 
  make more and come back :p, 
  from the answers/percentages i would assume that : * 39 % are atheists ( those who said `` i do n't believe in god '' ) * 37 % are religious * 23 % are agnostic ( those who said i do n't know ) not that bad . 
  is n't atheism a form of religion ? 
  i mean it is dogmatic ... edit : going to elaborate how atheism is dogmatic . 
  there are two kinds of atheists in my view . 
  will call one active and other one passive . 
  active atheism ( dogmatic one ) states there 's no god . 
  and science proves that , and we all have to agree there is no god . 
  that 's a fact and everybody that thinks different is a wacko . 
  passive atheism to me is a form of agnosticism .
