  it includes countries like : armenia , azerbaijan , belarus , estonia , georgia , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , lithuania , latvia , moldova , russian federation , tajikistan , turkmenistan , ukraine and uzbekistan . 
  countries where obtaining dual citizenship can be difficult or impossible . 
  not going to happen . 
  for one simple reason . 
  core europe will gain even more power in eu . 
  and nobody will agree to this except said core europe . 
  the more guys like him will start to feel the consequences for the actions of a few the better . 
  it 's tough yes . 
  it sucks for him yes . 
  no doubt about it . 
  but maybe it will lead to birth of some real vocal opposition to those religious lunatics with barbaric philosophy . 
  whole world could try to fix things in middle east . 
  but it 's not going to work without the people from the inside , who really want that change to happen . 
  visa restrictions always sucked . 
  more often than not it 's a lottery . 
  and people with legitimate reasons to visit certain country are rejected . 
  happens all the time . 
  a guy who wins european qualifier in certain tournament ( e-sport related ) gets invited to the usa tournament . 
  should be no problem right ? 
  usa citizen invites guy ( from europe ) and helps with visa application . 
  the story ends with a person not showing up at the usa tournament . 
  visa application was rejected ... 
  nothing new . 
   initially , the soviet occupation gained support among some citizens of the second polish republic who were not ethnically polish . 
  some members of the ukrainian population welcomed the unification with the soviet ukraine . 
  the ukrainians had failed to achieve independence in 1919 when their attempt at self-determination was crushed during the polish-soviet and polish-ukrainian wars . 
  also , there were large groups of pre-war polish citizens , notably jewish and , to a lesser extent , the ukrainian and belarusian nationalists , who saw the soviet nkvd presence as an opportunity to start political and social agitation . 
  many of them committed treason against the polish state by assisting in round ups and executions of polish officials . 
  their enthusiasm however faded with time as it became clear that the soviet repressions were aimed at all peoples equally . 
  and : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judenrat#the_role_of_the_judenr.c3.a4te_in_the_holocaust https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skidel_revolt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_brzostowica_ma%c5%82a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koniuchy_massacre, 
   i also dislike poland for it 's recent political shift . 
  being noble did n't work . 
  so we 're trying to be dicks for a change . 
  germany tries to be noble now . 
  well he was operating at the border . 
  but you have a point there :(, 
   `` you shall not kill '' the are different school of thought on this one . 
  right now the official interpretation is `` you shall not murder '' . 
  another interesting thing you may not heard of is `` thou shalt not steal '' is actually referring to `` stealing people '' so kidnappings and human trafficking not stealing things . 
  another commandment touches upon latter . 
  replacing polish `` elite '' completely with youth . 
  polititcians the most . 
  right now i 'm just waiting for them to die . 
  i know it 's not nice . 
  but what can you do . 
  i agree but at the same time . 
  it 's to little to late . 
  same with lustracja ( have no idea what 's english equivalent here ) . 
  at some point it 's just better to let go . 
  and above all . 
  karma is a bitch ... 
  new zeland . 
  do n't know why to be honest . 
  it 's beautiful there that 's for sure . 
  next would be usa and grand canyon . 
  and then would like to spend one or two weeks in any mountain range in usa . 
  as for europe . 
  i visited quite a lot . 
  slovakia , romania , hungary , germany , france and czech republic . 
  probably next would go to norway - to see fjords . 
  or belgium - to see bruges . 
  yes movie is the reason , 
  that 's pretty sweet deal . 
  got to admit . 
  they must be exhausted . 
  politicians ... working ... for two days ... in a row !, 
   there are only minor changes ... it is a clean text , with proposed solutions for everything . 
  they have found solution for everything !, 
  world hunger is gone !, 
  global warming is gone !, 
  no more sickness !, 
  no more unhappiness . 
  praise the lord !, 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/drama-over-as-eus-brexit-summit-nears-deal/ leaked agreement : https://twitter.com/alexebarker/status/700793100004945920/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw grabbing popcorn . 
  dis gon na be good , 
   if post war germany could harbour 12 million people with no chance of ever returning yeah what 's up with that ? 
  you 're doing fine right now . 
  why germany is asking for unified solution other eu states . 
  take them all in . 
  you 'll be praised later for the most humanitarian country in the world !, 
  it 's worth it ... do n't miss this opportunity . 
  the next step would be to punish , publicly criticize and send clear message to others . 
  step out of the line and you 're done . 
  and we will make sure you 're done with force if necessary . 
  problem is i 'm not seeing this message . 
  statistics do not take ethnicity because its racist . 
  media coverage do not mention ethnicity of perpetrator . 
  police is doing the same . 
  people are being harassed and authorities are not reacting . 
  if this trend continues . 
  perpetrators will not fear repercussions and continue with their actions . 
  and citizens will become more and more hostile towards them . 
  which will lead to hate crimes . 
  it 's a vicious circle that must be stopped . 
  because people that lose the most in all of this crap . 
  are innocent refugees that done nothing , and innocent citizens that are hosting them . 
  i just do n't understand unreasonable fear of being called racist , xenophobe etc. 
  oh and i 'm generalizing here . 
  not talking specifically about austria but eu as a whole . 
  i know more about slovakia .
