[ jack strong ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2785288/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) needs to be added on this list . 
  great cold war thriller . 
  which is dangerous . 
  i 'd rather see them fighting themselves tbh . 
  united middle east sounds scary , especially for europe . 
  march to early june . 
  or september - october . 
  avoid summer time cause it 's really overcrowded . 
  to many people in the mountains and in the city . 
  as for winter time it 's hard to tell since we have n't have proper winter for like 4 years , 
  grilled with cranberry on top taste great . 
  word of advice though . 
  it 's better to take a walk and buy oscypek ( or any regional food product ) directly from producer , instead of stands in the city . 
  since most stands sell fake product ( unless it 's certified , look for `` biuro promocji zakopanego '' signs ) to make bigger buck . 
  especially during tourist season . 
  best place to buy them ( and bundz , \u017c\u0119tyca ) is in places called bac\u00f3wka . 
  basically small wooden mountain huts , where magic happens :p they 're easy to find once you ask around . 
  do n't mix politics and religion . 
  people elected conservative party . 
  and laws proposed/changed by them are for all citizens . 
  not just religious people . 
  not anymore . 
  the only thing needed now is written will to leave , id and baptism certificate . 
  wonder if those migrants were carefully selected , screened and interviewed before the event . 
  this is a nice gesture , but that 's it really . 
  reality is one thing , staged events like this is another . 
  it 'll be interesting to see which way eu goes about this . 
  mainly because it 'll be definitive sign what 's more important in the eu . 
  corporate interests - they will be lobbying like hell after brexit . 
  or eu integration , and keeping this institution alive . 
  whatever the cost . 
  kinda wishing britain decides to leave , just to see what happens . 
   force people to show ids when buying prepaid phones unlike now this is stupid and not going to work . 
  unless prepaid `` phones '' ( i guess it means sim cards ) are sold only in operator . 
   allow to jail people for 14 days without submiting charges this needs courts approval . 
  and again , suspected terrorist . 
  they wo n't hold petty thieves for 2 weeks in jail . 
  still sucks since potentially it can be used in the wrong way . 
   allow to do on-site inspections in private houses ( with warrant ) each time of day ( now it 's outside 22:00 -06:00 ) do n't understand controversy here tbh . 
   allow authorities to forbid demonstrations and public gatherings if there 's perceived terrorist threat ca n't they do this now ? 
   make it possible to deport foreigners suspected of terrorism immediately , and only then let them appeal from abroad stupid , stupid . 
  what if origin country does not comply ? 
   let security agency spy on foreigners in poland without court decision for up to 3 months . 
  foreigners suspected of terrorism , not tourists . 
  still sucks . 
  there is potential of wrong application . 
  the devil is in the details . 
  and we do n't have them yet . 
  so let 's take info provided here with a grain of salt . 
  true . 
  and those 1000 employees , office building renters , cleaning services , security and so on , depend on this foreign firm . 
  when that firm/corporation withdraws or move ( for whatever reason ) to other country . 
  the only thing left are those cleaning services , renters , security firms , that do n't actually produce anything . 
  that 's why i said foreign investment stimulates economy but not strengthening it . 
  lets say you have a firm that produces cars . 
  main branch is located in country x. 
  that 's where cars are being designed , engineered and where research is located . 
  that firm invests in country y. 
  builds ( or rents ) fabric to build them ( to put the car together ) . 
  that stimulates economy in country y. 
  jobs are created , local service based companies pop up . 
  companies producing common parts pop up ( screws for example ) and so on . 
  now this company decides to move this production to country z ( cheaper workforce there ) . 
  this pyramid will collapse in country y. 
  because there 's no one to work for . 
  company that cleaned , company that protected , company that made those screws took the hit . 
  there 's no one to replace demand for those parts/services . 
  and there 's no know-how and technology needed to design and produce new cars either . 
  only thing left is qualified workforce . 
  yes it sucks . 
  hard to compete with giant corporations you know . 
  it halts local development . 
  and firms that start push through that , are bought of by these behemoths . 
  money from pensions and taxes ( which these firms evade as much as they can ) stimulate our economy , but they 're not strengthening it . 
  since it 's mainly dependent on foreign investment . 
  that 's good you do n't think that way . 
  but that reasoning implies , and it 's clearly shown in this thread ( and numerous articles ) , that poland is against helping people in need . 
  which is false . 
  poles hesitate to help certain group . 
  and i think it 's perfectly reasonable . 
  since we can see implications of doing so all over eu . 
  and no one has a clue how to deal with these implications . 
  numbers changed after `` certain incident '' . 
  so lets not pretend war in ukraine has nothing to do with migration of its people . 
  it 's worth mentioning that many ukrainians simply do n't apply for asylum , since 3/4 of their country is considered safe . 
  so the chance of acquiring one is slim . 
  and they well aware of that . 
  also it 's worth mentioning that status of migrants from middle east and africa is gray area , constantly disputed . 
  yet when it comes to them , we 're happy to call them `` refugees '' . 
  and they come here illegally , often storming borders using force and making demands . 
  the idea that people from ukraine are somehow `` worse category '' , just because they use legal measures to migrate is laughable and sad at the same time . 
  they openly state the reasons behind migration . 
   war is the reason we left  we lost our homes , our everything . 
  the only way to survive was to go somewhere , and we decided to try to move to poland . 
  we want to stay here to try to live another life . 
  when the situation in ukraine improves , we will return -- but we do n't actually have a place to return to as our house was destroyed . 
  not exactly german puppets . 
  would rather say corporation puppets . 
  people who value self interest above their country/citizen interest . 
  on the positive side .
