  water transit ( to home i presume ? ), 
  medical equipment 4 . 
  medical care and dentists and that 's it.whole eu is complaining about low birth rates . 
  meanwhile poland had to increase it 's vat on child clothes because it is not listed in this directive ... where are sanitary products ? 
  where is electricity ? 
  heat ? 
  gas ? 
  `` keep your friends close and your enemies closer . '', 
  it is obligatory for every muslim to be a caller to islam and to spread the word of islam in every corner of the world . 
  it 's not about money but time . 
  something has to give . 
  not to mention plethora of single mothers out there . 
  example : you have a meeting but your kid comes a tells you `` my stomach hurts '' . 
  what do you do ? 
  can he go to school ? 
  what about work ? 
  maybe take him to a doctor ? 
  it really is difficult to find balance between the two . 
  not impossible though . 
  combining career with children is something only few people can really do . 
  anybody who have children aged 1-10 will tell you , that 's a full time job . 
  and it really is . 
  either raise your children well , or pursue career . 
  capitalism has no answer to this dilemma . 
  yes it 's missing . 
  and also it 's unobtainable without common enemy or civil war . 
  in this case european war . 
  nothing binds people more than tough times . 
  nationalism by definition needs a nation . 
  3 years ago we had a record foehn since 1968 . 
  max speed of wind registered was 210 km/h . 
  it happened on first day of christmas :p the place looked like a warzone . 
  smashed cars with fallen trees , broken roofs , debris and trash everywhere , power lines damaged so complete blackout . 
  fun times . 
  snow fallen and melted . . twice . 
  do n't know why bothered shovel it . 
  now we have foehn ( 20-45 km/h ) , and everybody is going nuts . 
  which is usual with this king of weather . 
  news from winter capital of poland . 
  well wise old man once said . 
  ksi\u0119 do partw\u0105 w sfer\u0119 zda\u0142 !, 
  it 's called ciupaga . 
  more like tomahawk mixed with walking stick . 
  very useful in hard terrain . 
  and occasionally to cut some tourists throats ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shepherd%27s_axe, 
  polish highlanders : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgnz7htd8a4, 
  it 's logical . 
  everybody with half a brain would assume that terrorists will take advantage of open/leaky borders of eu and migrant waves . 
  it is also logical that these people will try to recruit locals and migrants to their cause . 
  also performing terrorist attacks in eu will be easier . 
  hence we will see raise of bombings in public places . 
  every government is well aware of this fact . 
  of course nobody will state this in public . 
  what will be said is `` we need more statistical data '' , `` there is not proof of correlation between migrants and rise of terrorism in eu '' and shit like that . 
  same with crime raise ... just one look at foreigners prison population vs total minority population in any eu country can give an estimate of crimes committed by foreigners . 
  the milk is spilled though so there 's no point to bitch about it now . 
  only thing left to do is trying to decrease the damage . 
  yes and no . 
  main problem here is that islam is also a cultural and political system on top of religious one . 
  combining religion with politics is dangerous . 
  optimistic : eu will solve it 's problems ( somehow ) :p pessimistic : eu will not fell apart . 
  but there will be no more integration . 
  many countries probably will drop out from eurozone due to difference of interests ( especially south ) and inability to control the currency . 
  and almost all countries will try to distance itself from germany/france influence . 
  basically trade union yes but everything else to each his own . 
  we will see another economic crisis . 
  bigger than the last one . 
  germany will try to push more deals with russia , since it relies heavily on exports and eu will be getting poorer and poorer . 
  also germany will boost it 's military spending considerably . 
  due to tensions within the eu and rising hostility towards them . 
  we 'll going to see clear division in eu . 
  old eu vs south vs east . 
  what else . 
  europe will again feel the raise of terrorism on it 's soil . 
  innocent people will suffer . 
  on both sides immigrants and locals . 
  sadly . 
  800 uk soldiers will take part of `` anakonda '' exercises in 2016 . 
  more will come for `` swift response '' training later this year . 
  it 's nothing new really . 
  those kind of exercises are taking place since 2010 . 
  what 's new is that uk declared that in 2020 one thousand troops will be part of nato `` spearhead '' in poland . 
  under polish command . 
  pocket poland - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubbkljok3a&amp;feature=share whole channel is amazing . 
  neither do people who want to choose their destination in europe and claim the benefits . 
  i applaud the way polish government handled the situation . 
  next step would be easing the process for those who want to stay . 
  as for middle east `` refugees '' . 
  i do n't understand the opposition from our government . 
  let them come and escape to the west . 
  this way we can say . 
  hey we are accepting refugees but we ca n't do much about them escaping the country . 
  win win . 
  so far almost no talk about rule of law . 
  and if some was breached or not . 
  lots of wishy washy talk with no substance instead . 
  waste of time . 
  skitouring https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ski_touring paragliding ( paralotniarstwo ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paragliding oh and recently sumo ( of all things ) is getting popular, 
  replace russia with hungary . 
  add slovakia and ukraine and its a deal .
