  what 's the solution then ? 
  not to take refugees ? 
  well no . 
  they will come if we wa n't it or not . 
  but the attitude needs to change . 
  politicians , police force , media , citizens need to make a stance . 
  a strong stance that any behavior not in line with eu values will be punished , publicized , criticized . 
  with force if necessary . 
  without fear of being called racist . 
  what 's happening in calais is unacceptable . 
  make an example out of them . 
  step out of the line and you will regret this . 
  otherwise they think ( rightfully so ) that they can do what they want . 
  that eu is weak . 
  behind closed doors . 
  but when it comes to public statements it 's better off to say something that actually means nothing . 
  `` have a problem ? 
  i may help ... what 's in it for me ? '', 
  `` moral high ground you say ... hmm . . 
  i 'll think about it '' `` but you have to understand , we do n't have experience like you do in the west . 
  when it comes to migrants . 
  do n't expect great results . 
  we 're poor and just learning . 
  give us time . 
  we 're trying our best . '', 
  i am no politician . 
  but playing incompetent works in real life . 
  especially with touchy subjects :p, 
  touch\u00e9 ee politicians should really tone down a little bit . 
  instead of `` we do n't want refugees '' should be `` we can help , but on our terms '' . 
  same thing but less controversial . 
  not anger but critique . 
  anger should not be expressed by any side . 
  left or right . 
  critique , discussion , distaste . 
  anger leads to hate and violence . 
  also it 's funny that again v4 is featured as the ones opposed to quotas . 
  and not a single word is written about france . 
  did n't fit `` spreading islamophobia '' narrative i guess ... 
  i just leave this here . 
  it 's not perfect but shows the picture quite well . 
  so to put it simply . 
  you think that russia of the past was so influencial and powerful that it let nato expand . 
  but today it 's so weak and poor an at the same time is playing a dangerous game in syria and ukraine without much of repercussions . 
  other than economical . 
  make sense . 
  how long was putin into office when nato expanded ? 
  and how long previous talks about it lasted ? 
  this is going nowhere so we have to agree to disagree i guess ... 
  compared to what ? 
  with military in the gutter and nato expansion to the east ? 
  yes and no . 
  he 's more about power and influence then economy and well being of citizens . 
  he knows to dam well what to do , whet comes to gas deals . 
  it 'll be miracle if nord-stream 2 gets blocked by eu . 
  from what i know . 
  iran is talking with czech republic about pipeline . 
  also there are talks with romania and hungary to create another pipeline . 
  so everything is going in the right direction . 
  edit : to clarify . 
  iran gas is supposed to go through black sea not turkey . 
  project is called agri and in july 2015 all sides signed agreement . 
  to continue basically . 
  we can expect green-pepole showing up in georga and azerbaijan soon . 
   `` fu * k all white men '' well ... what about homosexual saying that ? 
  should it be considered as a threat ? 
   on topic though . 
  this article is not saying much without at least description of what was being posted on social media . 
  how anyone can make a stance without seeing both sides . 
  journalism used to mean presenting facts with as little bias as possible . 
  so the reader could make his own mind . 
  nowadays journalism is presenting `` stories '' which may or may not be in line with the reader views . 
  seriously there 's need to be some international law made , to supervise an entity that has so strong influence on the public . 
  i understand your point . 
  but visas are not that relevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  judging by the history eu guaranties are not worth the paper they are printed on . 
  hell even recent migrant crisis show this . 
  as for nato ... well who is pumping money into this organization ? 
  nato financed by eu would be a joke not a military force . 
  we need usa support badly , that 's why we 're cooperating with them so much . 
  it may look like we 're sucking up to them , but it 's needed . 
  also you have to remember that every move usa make in ee is carefully watched by certain kgb individual . 
  so every move must n't look like it 's hostile activity . 
  that 's why there 's no `` official '' permanent bases in ee . 
  but each year more and more troops ( nato and usa ) are sent to ee for `` military exercises '' . 
  more and more equipment is transported . 
  and all this is rotation based . 
  i 'm glad that usa interest in this region collides with ours . 
  otherwise we 'd have to rely on our `` old and tested '' european allies solely . 
  most of eu was poor after ww1 . 
  what was impressive is the speed we were developing . 
  since and technology was at the top level . 
  harbor at gda\u0144sk was build . 
  roads , railways whole infrastucture . 
  mining industry , metallurgy and so on . 
  it was n't all easy peasy but it was huge progress . 
  polish -- lithuanian commonwealth . 
  also between 1920-39 poland was developing in a impressive way . 
  it was called `` paris of the east '' and for a good reason . 
  as for `` safer '' we 're never safe .
