  right now a weaker currency would help us get to a point where we could compete on the same level with the germans . 
   for a libertarian , you 're quite protectionist . 
  x ) i just want my country to be monetarily sovereign , then again , i 'm not 100 % libertarian xp, 
   and why are you so eager to criticize the euro ? 
  :\\ because i do n't like it t_t , an opinion that most people in the euro zone seem to share . 
  and yes germany has a easier time exporting to other euro zone countries , but then that comes at the cost of having to support them since we can not compete against germany . 
  i 'm pretty sure a strong deutsche mark would still help them get oil for cheaper than in euros , not to mention they could go around europe buying companies for fire sale prices . 
  so what about being able to buy foreign resources at a cheap price ? 
  i thought you loved strong currencies ? 
  yes , and we 'll never , ever pay our debts   deal with it =d, 
  horrible , it reminded me that in 50 years whites will be a minority in their own continent . 
  you need balls to do that . 
   damn , i did n't know our education system was that bad . 
  i think they should focus more on teaching kids how to detect sarcasm , some people are clearly lacking that skill . 
  yay for multiculturalism !, 
  21st century feminists get their jimmies rustled fairly easily . 
  yea , it needs to be trimmed : /, 
  we have tasty cookies over in the eurosceptic camp , and you will get none.of.them !, 
  u_u long live the sovereignty of the european nations !, 
  down with the use !, 
  they knew from the start that eventually the euro would require further integration to not fall apart . 
  now they are likely to get what they want , even if they do n't bother asking the people if they want more integration or not . 
  as for me i would rather see a return to national currencies , even if it is a very painful transition , it ca n't possibly be worst than supergluing the eurozone member states under the banner of preventing an economical apocalypse . 
  i do n't support the tranfer of power from national governments to brussels . 
  further integration will not solve the economical problems of the poorest eu countries , it will likely just create a state where the rich countries will perpetually be sending their wealth to the poor ones . 
  i would rather not see that happen . 
  if this is where this union is going , then burn it with fire . 
   just because governments may overreach does n't mean no government at all is any better . 
  it means national governments are better . 
  less power , less potential for corruption , less impact on europe . 
  in a federal eu you will have constant transfers of wealth from the rich countries to the poor . 
   they also said the free market and the ecsc was a dumb idea . 
  different things . 
   the only centralization of powers required is the one where we 're better together . 
  not brussels in charge of building roads or paying the firefighters , only when it 's regarding foreign affairs and in deepening the free market . 
  governments tend to grow in whatever direction they choose , what may start as a good limited government will quickly evolve to control more than it should . 
  it happened in the us and it will happen in a federalised europe too . 
   you keep saying it will fail but the only failure is to not even try . 
  we 've already achieved so much together , do you really want to throw it all away because it 's challenging ? 
  more like because i disagree with the whole idea of creating a federal eu . 
  i do n't really care how big the challenge is if the idea is dumb from the start . 
   come on snake , where are the hopes and dreams ? 
  why the severe lack of self-confidence and pessimistic view of the future ? 
  where is the uat2d who used to have an anarchist flag as avatar ? 
  centralization of power is the opposite of anarchy . 
  just be careful not to shoot yourself , we do n't want your precious genes to go to waste now do we ? 
  sigh ... germany , brasil , us are ! = por+esp+eng+ger + ... 
  the eu leaders are going to need a lot of [ this ] ( http://zoice.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/superglue.jpg ) if they hope to create a federal eu . 
  start , up , x , up , x, 
   but , if you want to play dirty , take this you portagee . 
  damn !, 
  that was so mean !, 
  now i wo n't be able to sleep tonight !, 
  btw , did you make good use of [ this ] ( http://worldmeets.us/images/alaska_cheque.big.jpg ) money or did you spent it all on vodka ? 
  no , i 'm saying that representing 11 million people is already enough , no need to have leaders in brussels representing hundreds of millions of people from a multitude of different countries . 
   a single market , a single currency , a single border , a single military a single market sounds good !, 
   also , we 're both in porto , the guy in lisbon is over 300km away , how is that much better than the one in brussels ? 
  they 're both ~ 3h away . 
  what about the population of portugal vs eu ? 
  they 're both the same ? 
   we are fucking invincible . 
   i do n't know about that . 
  those who do n't like do n't matter . 
   i sometimes ca n't understand shit of what people say in madeira or azores . 
  i 'll give you that , but it 's still the same language though . 
   by that criteria , we could as well be spanish or brazilian . 
  no we could not , our culture is unique and different from those two . 
   it once was . 
  do n't tell me you support what this idiot did . 
  yes , but people still felt portuguese even overseas , and those who did n't caused trouble just like there will be trouble caused by those who do n't feel as eu citizens in a federalised eu . 
   do n't tell me you support what this idiot did . 
  i 'm offended . 
   less than 40 years ago you had separatist movements in the azores , in madeira and in algarve , and you still have portuguese people in oliven\u00e7a , in the former colonies and all over the world , this union is hardly natural . 
  your asking for too much . 
  it 's certainly more natural and stable than a federalised eu would be . 
   how is this an hindrance in the effort to bring peace , stability and prosperity to europe , if it 's a cause we all can back up ? 
  it 's an hindrance because you will be trying to force something artificial down the throats of europeans . 
  most people want a eu of free trade and cooperation , not a eu superstate with power centralized in brussels . 
   no , you do n't , you 're sensing fear of the unknown and are speculating about the future , predicting only the worst possible outcomes . 
  your right , still i feel very strongly that my prediction will come true . 
   what about it ? 
  perhaps then there will be more intelligent people in the financial sector , perhaps we would n't be in this mess in the first place if there was a unified response to these problems . 
  does it really matter if the guy making choices is n't in lisbon but rather in brussels ? 
  the guy in lisbon is closer and represents less people . 
  power should be decentralized , not the opposite , atleast imo . 
   i also want further integration , and i 'm only willing to accept it if it 's done with the consent of the people . 
  otherwise it would be too painful , even with all the benefits , i 'd die if i had to listen to that speech all the fucking time . 
  i 'm afraid you will be disappointed , just speculating though , 
   what about portuguese `` federalism '' ? 
  do you not want a unified portugal ? 
  yes , and we already have one . 
  you ca n't compare portugal with europe , nearly all portuguese enjoy being portuguese , we mostly speak the same language , share the same culture and live pretty close to one another since our country is n't all that big . 
  this is a natural union which has passed the test of time . 
  the eu on the other hand is made of people who do n't see themselves as eu citizens first and foremost , who speak different languages , live in a much more vast geographical area and share less culture with other europeans than people within their own nation . 
   when the day that they trample on national cultures comes , do go around hating on it . 
  while they even have on the motto `` united in diversity '' , do n't take what one asshole says seriously , specially when he 's not even associated with the eu . 
  why wait when i can already sense the outcome ? 
  is n't it clear by now that there is an intent in uniting the finances of eurozone countries at the cost of national sovereignty ? 
  they want further integration and they will likely get it without the consent of the people . 
  with one post i have brought shame to my people who are now no longer smart and capable :'( atleast we can still spot sarcasm , so there is hope .
