  my property , my rules you 're not forced to come in . 
   you 're allowed to impose whatever rules you want in your establishment as long as they 're not harmful to the health of its users . 
  oh boy , i sure hope all those restaurants out there are selling only organic food and many veggies !, 
  also let 's burn down all fast-food restaurants because i 'm sure they 're pretty harmful to the health of society and since the state will end up footing the bill for bad health we got ta make sure people have a healthy diet !, 
   true , but it 's still not an excuse to deny the basic healthcare to those who ca n't afford it . 
  i 'm not saying you should guarantee top quality healthcare for everyone and everything , i 'm just saying people 's lives are worth more than their medical expense and nobody should be denied healthcare because of their financial situation . 
   besides , if you save a life , it 's one more person than can then work and pay taxes like the rest of us and also contribute and pay back for the system that saved its life , so if your issue is with the money spent on the nhs , those who benefit also pay back just like if you ever need it , it will be there for you . 
  it 's not socialism , it 's just making sure everyone has the same right to life . 
  middle tier social liberal ... 
  sovereign nations . 
  the euro zone turned out to be a terrible idea and i can only see a federation being even worse . 
  competition between nations is what made this continent great and prevented us from stagnating , we 'll stand stronger together if each eu retains its sovereignity . 
   you 're free to drink as long as your drinking does n't harm others and you 're free to smoke as long as it does n't harm others . 
  that 's why you 're not allowed to drive while drunk and that 's why you 're not allowed to smoke next to those who do n't want it . 
  you 're still free to do those things , just do n't bitch about it if you 're not allowed to screw with others ' lives because of your habits . 
  so if i wanted to smoke in my own bar i would n't be able because it would harm other people , even though it is my property ? 
  sorry but i ca n't get behind that , you 're free to avoid smoking zones but you ca n't force owners to enforce a no smoking rule even knowing smoking is harmful . 
   fuck that shit , it 's only fair that those who are harming themselves do it on their own , it wo n't be the non-smokers who are n't posing any threat to anyone the ones who 'll be asked to leave . 
  you want to smoke , fine , go to the window or stand outside , do n't force those who are n't to step outside . 
  i mean , are you serious ? 
  would you kick kids out of a coffee shop so that some guy can smoke in there ? 
  what about the rights of the kids ? 
  it 's up to the parents to take their kids elsewhere and avoid coffe shops who do n't provide a smoke free zone . 
  the market will surely provide many coffe shops with no smoke rules , no need for the government to go around restricting the rights owners have over their own property . 
   that 's your opinion . 
  yes , it should provide some healthcare , at least the bare minimum , yes . 
  the government should n't try to make everyone have the same wealth but it also must strive for equality of opportunities , if one ca n't afford to pay for his healthcare , he should n't be sentenced to death , his expenses should be covered for everyone , then that person should pay back to society by himself paying for the taxes to fund the nhs and so on and so forth . 
  it 's not socialism , it 's only fair , i for one would n't want to live in a society where money is more valued than human life and one person can be denied healthcare because its current balance is n't enough to afford for it , you might disagree but again , opinions . 
  the private sector can provide better and cheaper healthcare provided there is enough competition , our current nhs is likely going to keep losing quality in a effort to reduce costs , not a good sight at all . 
   if it 's harmful to the health of others , it still should n't be allowed , sorry , it 's healthcare we 're talking here , not a minor nuisance . 
  might as well go to the next logical step and ban alcohol on the grounds that it causes many accidents due to drunk driving . 
  freedom over security !, 
     just like you ca n't break a guy 's nose regardless of where you are , you should n't throw smoke at his face . 
  it might sound like an odd comparison but in both cases you 're harming others and in both cases if you need healthcare , it 's society that will have to pay for it in the nhs . 
  so just like it 's unlawful to get in a fight , it should be unlawful to smoke onto others , no exceptions . 
  if a person is in a zone which allows smoking then that person can exercise the right to smoke and it 's up to the person who does n't want to get 2nd hand smoke to leave . 
  as for society paying via the nhs :  as long as these ideas prevail , it is clear that the responsibility of government is enormous . 
  good fortune and bad fortune , wealth and destitution , equality and inequality , virtue and vice -- all then depend upon political administration . 
  it is burdened with everything , it undertakes everything , it does everything ; therefore it is responsible for everything . 
   if we are fortunate , then government has a claim to our gratitude ; but if we are unfortunate , then government must bear the blame . 
  for are not our persons and property now at the disposal of government ? 
  is not the law omnipotent ? 
  fuck the nhs !, 
  it 's not the role of the government to provide healthcare to the population . 
   your sarcasm is far from funny . 
  thank you for your input , i 'll take that in consideration next time . 
   as well as we do not accept any crime in sweden . 
  then why the hell are you letting people into your country who are much more likely to commit crimes ? 
  your people have built an amazing country on your own , why do you feel the need to open your borders to people who do n't even respect your culture and add no value to it ? 
  you 're paying a sick price just in the name of remaining pc , the superiority of a homogenous society versus a multicultural one is obvious to anyone willing to see . 
  it 's private property , no one is forcing you to enter a establishment which allows smoking . 
  hell , i hate smoking myself but i do n't support forcing owners to keep their property smoke free . 
  the biggest issue is not that 1.4 % of the population is black ( although i would rather if that was < 1 % ) , it is the fact that those 1.4 % are much more likely to commit crimes , have more children , and less likely to go into higher education . 
  in the long run this is going to wreck europe . 
  you ca n't have a first world country with a third world population . 
   the only reason it 's easy for me to speak against racists is that i 'm not a ** piece of shit ** . 
  when white kids start growing up as a minority in their own native land do n't be surprised if they call you just that . 
   imagine an employee working for 8 hours in a place where hundreds of people smoke . 
  if he voluntarily chose to work there then i do n't see the issue . 
  the owners should have the right to decide if someone can smoke in their establishments or not . 
  it 's not the job of the government to make that choice . 
  indeed , although there is a good side to this story , at least we can be inspired by how the courageous swedish people stood up against these neo-nazis !, 
  some muslism may end up stealing/raping/killing some of these swedes who where defending them , but that is only because we are not spending enough taxpayers money to make sure they receive everything society owes them . 
  why are you against islam ? 
  no culture is superior to another , we 're all equal and every culture should be respected , not to mention that it is a human right to live in europe , anyone should be allowed to come here and enjoy our welfare state . 
  if you disagree then that just proves that you 're a nazi . 
  i for one welcome the religion of peace into europe , and i will attend these anti-racism rallies to prove how progressive and anti-racist i am . 
  you can keep living blinded by your hate , we wo n't miss you in the melting pot . 
  nanny state just taking care of y' all, 
  easy to speak against racists when your country still has a small black population . 
  see you in 50 years when you will be crying for not supporting those who called for less black immigration into europe , if you do n't want to wait you can always move to south africa , worst that can happen is [ this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2179171/walkerville-family-murders-horrific-death-boy-12-drowned-boiling-water-robbers-raped-mother.html ), 
  give me a pen from be or pcp i 'll use that too :p, 
  cod4 ^ . 
  your paint skills are remarkable !, 
  :o til, 
  can you give link karma in circlejerk ... o_o, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phowqv6ja3c [ what op deserves for supporting the islamization of europe ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsfqman8qxs&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=13s ), 
  nigel farage =d, 
  no , the eu is not my country . 
  [ do n't be racist !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pqowicelzo&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=212s ), 
  quickly , go into hiding !, 
   i think we actually will . 
  we would n't with that mentality , that 's for sure !, 
  we already owe more than what we make in a year , if we where truly dedicated we could pay , alas we are not , so i 'm afraid txampion wo n't get all his money back . 
   i believe the term you 're looking for is federalism , not anarchy . 
  if so , i agree , local matters need to be solved at local level . 
  us federalism also started with the idea of keeping most power to the states and look where that ended . 
   compare europe till 1945 and europe post 1958 ( treaty of rome ) and tell me how european integration was n't and is n't a success . 
  you want to go from 8 to 80 . 
  do we really need european federalism ? 
  is n't free trade and joint defense enough ? 
   a weaker currency would also make it much more difficult to pay your debts like we 're going to pay them in full anyway ...  still thinking in only this little corner of europe ? 
  think big , think europe !, 
  :d big does n't always mean better . 
  this is the time for more anarchy , not further centralization of power . 
  compare 16th century china with europe , how did thinking big work out for them ? 
  either you change or you die , it 's called competition and in a globalized world you ca n't afford to be disconnected from the rest of the economies . 
  besides , it 's the consumer who benefits the most . 
  having a weak national currency does n't go against the free market , it 's the same as a employee selling his services for a lower price than someone more experienced .
