  the question now is if we 're actually going to go all the way and fix our strutural problems and make this country viable or if we 're just going to do something here and there until the markets trust us again , only to make the same mistakes again and create another lost generation . 
  nope , nope , nope , nope , nope !, 
   are you fucking retarded ? 
  that 's not nice : / are you treating me like that just because i 'm a racist ? 
  how discriminative of you !, 
   how is constant famine , war , overpopulation , genocide and the continued destruction of their otherwise unique and beautiful ecosystems in any an improvement over them living as hunter-gatherers ? 
  implying there was no famine , war , genocide before the white devil came along ... and you call me retarded ? 
  also overpopulation is not a static thing . 
  advancements allow for us to be able to support a higher population . 
  7 billion is nothing compared to how many people mankind will be able to support in the future . 
  of course there are those who rather be part of the death cult than believe in the power of human ingenuity . 
  i bet next you 'll tell me black people where flying in carpets and living for thousands of year before the evil crackas came along . 
   speculation , worthless financial products , etc. 
  these things were added by the financial market * under the flag of ` self regulating markets ' . 
  the capitalist fairy tale that markets are able to maintain themselves . 
  it 's not a fairy tale , the market regulates itself provided you can lose . 
  now if the government creates a situation where the losers get bailed out at the cost of the taxpayers then that wo n't happen . 
  capitalism is just a system based on private ownership and free trade , what you seem to be pissed off is at corruption , which is independent from capitalism and a consequences of human behaviour . 
  you 're fooling yourself if you think you wo n't have that in a socialist society . 
   unfortunate then , that we have evolved past our genes and realized `` oh wait , treating others differently due to their skin colour is fucking ridiculous '' . 
  racism is a evolutionary advantage . 
  it 's meant to make you care more for people that are genetically closer to you . 
  by your logic if i care more for my family than everyone else then i guess i just have n't evolved past my racist genes . 
  and differences between race are much more than skin color . 
   besides , that entire thing is irrelevant , the fact is that people if white skin colour have been sitting on the collective throne of the planet for the last thousand years , and in that time have been oppressing all other societal and genetic groups and continue to do so . 
  realizing this is wrong and unacceptable is by far more constructive than arguing what `` white privilege '' means . 
  dat white guilt ... 
  i guess we should n't have opressed africa with western civilization and better life conditions , surely they would be happier running around with spears and living in mud huts like they used to before we arrived and `` opressed the shit out of them with development and prosperity '' . 
  if someone is in the debt it surely is n't the race that has contributed the most to the advancement of mankind ... 
  could n't be bothered , i post of my own accord , not because i 'm part of some grand conspiracy to brainwash / r/europe, 
   some of the commenters there are :  lachendekatze , decebalus , tugasnake , uat2d , txampion , learnebonics , divineking weird . . 
  i do recall seeing that subreddit back when that psa thread was on the frontpage but i 've never posted in it nor do i have acess to it right now . . 
  someone must have forgotten to send me my keys !, 
  :o i mean fuck it , if i 'm going to be accused of being part of it i might as well just have acess to the damn thing !, 
   are you fucking retarded or just pure stupid ? 
  have you ever looked at our fucking nation and country ? 
  everyone is fucking different , everyone in portugal has different ancestries from people from other countries , even our first king was fucking french , so take your stupid and idiotic mentality somewhere else . 
  our nation is very homogeneous , chances are if you pick a random portuguese person he/she will be a white catholic or agnostic/atheist that identifies with portuguese culture . 
  having ancestry from different white countries does n't mean that our population is not homogeneous , even less if you think in relative terms and consider how things will be in the future . 
   go take a look at your family history , you will be surprised to find that there are no true portuguese people . 
  all my greatgrandparents are portuguese ... 
  i reckon that if looked further back i would easily find foreign people in my family history , but that is to be expected . 
  i dunno where you set the line for being a `` true portuguese '' , but i guess by your standards there really are n't any . 
  what makes you think that i support such a simplist view of `` x ? 
  deport them ! '' ? 
  i do n't mind peaceful protests ( provided there not about bringing sharia law to europe or some other nonsense ) nor well integrated immigrants , what i do mind is this idea that unless you support an open immigration policy you 're a nazi , plus the belief that it 's the host country that has to adapt to the immigrants instead of the opposite ... 
  the citizens of a country should n't have to pay to `` help integrate '' foreigners . 
  countries like mine and greece have huge unemployment and lack of financial resources , so we can and should be very picky when it comes to who we let in our countries , something that is currently not happening . 
  more important than deporting people is to have stricter rules when it comes down to immigration . 
  deportations just mean that we failed somewhere in our immigration policies and let people in that should have never got into europe in the first place . 
  against current immigration trends ... must be a nazi !, 
  yeah , how dare these greeks wish to keep their country homogeneous ? 
  it 's fucked up how racist these greeks are !, 
  hang on ... * / / todo : insert random ad-hominem argument *, 
  stfu !, 
  europe for everyone !, 
  do * also til i 'm uat2d , guess i must suffer from multiple personality ... 
   your display of hatred and bigotry tells me you have never been loved nor ever felt compassion , and that deeply saddens me . 
  no worries , there 's plenty of racism to call out !, 
  [ that 's so racist !, 
  but if txampion gets banned then i wo n't get to enjoy seeing how butthurt some people get because of what he writes :(, 
  tagged as racist in res and reported , i hope you get banned so that every other racist knows that we do n't allow this kind of language in r/europe !, 
   pure capitalism is corruption . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  pure capitalism is just people trading with each other and those who provide the best service make the most money , what is corrupt about this ? 
   we can have free markets without capitalism , there have been 1000 systems proposed ( including social democracy ) that fare better than this we have our brand of liberalism for moderates/leftists , it 's called social liberalism and it 's far better than social democracy which is rooted in ~ ~ bullshit ~ ~ marxsism . 
   yet , you are supporting a deeply corrupt system that has tones of food lying around while it can not support starving children . 
  implying i support the system we live today in , which is much more closer to fascism than liberalism . 
   the share holder who did nothing but buy a few shares ? 
  implying there is no risk involved when investing . 
   who earned the money i guess it must have been the government since you support 75 % of someones earnings going to it . 
   ooh to the rich who will be taxed 90 % above 1m . 
  poor soul . 
  ooh the government who has sold your children 's future to debt and thus caused this crisis will receive that money because they are much more qualified to spend it right ? 
  ooh !, 
   i fully realise that . 
  it 's called `` dispossession capitalism '' . 
  it 's when your rich banker friends ( who do n't even bribe you ) take government money to fill their own pockets . 
  yes , unfortunately capitalism is as susceptible to corruption as any other system , your point ? 
  is the system you support able to prevent corruption ? 
   neo-liberalism is wrong both from the results ( which we 've seen , the rich pay nothing now , and yes i would support 90 % tax rates ) plus from game theoretical arguments ( there is a whole line of research called the `` price of anarchy '' ) . 
  first of all i 'm a classical liberal not a neo-liberalist . 
  2nd it is a lie that the rich pay nothing now . 
  they give a higher percentage of their income than anyone else provided they are n't escaping taxes and most of the income tax revenues come from rich people . 
  what about it huh ? 
  as for taxing wealth at 90 % well good to know you support 21st century slavery . 
   neo-liberalism is the source of all this no , the source of all this where countries relying on debt to pay for their excessive spending . 
   if it keeps going societies will become more and more unequal . 
  what you will get in 10 years from now is inequality the likes of which humanity would have never seen before , a by-product of completely unregulated markets . 
  what is wrong with inequality in itself ? 
  i do n't care about inequality and never will . 
  what i do care is seeing how well the poorest live , if they live better off in a highly unequal society then so what ? 
  just like thatcher said , you guys are more bothered by the gap than where the bottom is . 
   if you are fine with walking outside your flat and seeing the dead and hungry piling up , by all means keep supporting what you are supporting . 
  this is so funny because a liberal capitalist society is the best defense against people falling into poverty . 
  by all means keep praising the state , do n't even bother realizing that it 's the government who is actually taking from the people to give to corporations who should have gone bankrupt . 
  we are wired to be racist , we 're still very much a tribal animal and when resources are low and there is n't plenty to go around those racist ideas just kick in even more . 
  with so many natives who are genetically closer to us going through bad times why should we be spending resources with other people ? 
  that 's why racism becomes much more prevalent during crisis . 
   do its supporters believe other ethnicities besides their own are to blame for the current crisis ?
