  i came when he mentioned the superiority of the free market . 
   thank you for allowing me to adopt , you can ride me whenever . 
  yup  oh , i still disagree with you about the `` let the institutions decide '' , this is about adoption , not about the transaction of goods and services , one should be free to do as he pleases as long as it is n't harmful to others - someone not allowing gays to adopt is extremely harmful to the children , they 're not cattle nor are they property owned by the institutions who take care of them or their foster parents , under no circumstance should they be denied parents , if the people who 're taking care of them disapprove of them being adopted by a gay couple , too fucking bad , they do n't own the children and ** ca n't decide for them if their new parents are appropriate or not . 
  ** one of the main responsibilities of an orphanage is to look after it 's children and make sure that they get suitable parents . 
  to say that they ca n't decide if their new parents are appropriate or not is bullshit . 
  and that 's the main question : do gays make suitable parents ? 
  some believe they do and some do not , personally i believe that in average traditional couples offer a far better growing environment to a child , but since there are not enough of those looking to adopt and imo it 's best for a child to have a family than to live in an orphanage then i 'm ok with gays adopting . 
  still i fully support the right of each institution to decide upon this matter , this is not a matter that the state should get involved into . 
  uat2d confirmed as faggot, 
  [ poland , you 're my greatest ally ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bh6mx.gif ), 
  yeah , probably . 
   this is one of those issues where there 's not a correct stance . 
  i do believe that it 's an important mission of a country 's legislation to protect people against discrimination , the same way other human rights are covered . 
  it 's the same principle that makes it , for example , so in most countries a supermarket ca n't refuse to serve a black person just because the owner is a racist . 
  i believe it 's more important to uphold liberty than to prevent discrimination . 
  relations should be voluntary and if a supermarket owner does n't want to serve blacks he should be able to do so without being forced by the state to do otherwise . 
   i do n't think a biological parent ( who is giving up all responsibility over him or her ) should be able to deny said child any possibility . 
  i do n't think they have any call on the matter after they give away the child for adoption , but before that they should have the option to choose which orphanage they like the most and i see nothing wrong with there being the choice of picking between institutions that allow for gays to adopt and others that do not . 
  referendum i guess ? 
  it would be a good solution . 
  do they even lift ? 
   it 's up to the state law to guarantee that its citizens are n't discriminated because of their procedence , race , sex , sexual orientation or credence ( among many others ) i disagree , it 's not the job of the state to prevent discrimination and the parents should have the option to decide whether their kids can be adopted by gay couples or not . 
  by leaving this policy decision up to each individual institution you give parents that opportunity . 
  it should be up to each individual institution to decide if homosexual couples can adopt or not . 
  [ some bastiat knowledge for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ngm0w.jpg ), 
   so much racism in these comments . 
  that was the original message , he edited it after i pointed out that islam is not a race . 
   follow your leader , fascist scum . 
  implying i 'm fascist , lol . 
  go be brave somewhere else antifa bitch . 
  yeah , i guess i should tone it down a bit ... we 'll see . 
  [ why drive when you can fly ? 
   and , truth be told , it 's quite funny to watch from the outside , you 're literally getting `` surprised by bigotry '' even though it 's plain obvious that he 's just posting some shit just to watch people rage . 
  [ you get it !, 
  we would all like to get rid of the worst part of our societies , it just so happens that it 's easier to do so with foreigners than natives . 
  being allowed into a country is a luxury that the natives grant you . 
  if you ca n't behave properly then you 're not the kind of immigrant europe needs and you should be deported , simple as that . 
  their numbers are small so they do n't get to create their muslim bubbles where they can circle jerk about how great sharia law and islamic fundamentalism is . 
  he 's the new hitler , post him and you 're sure to cause some butthurt . 
  maybe next christmas santa will get me banned for you , keep asking for it . 
  oh and thanks for the correction , 
  it was a joke . 
  seriously , stop being serious  [ oh , ok !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ey0pc.jpg )  you can be . 
  but youth unemployment is a time bomb ticking that will bring down entire economies if not solved within next 10-20 years . 
  you can not have a pension fund if youth are unable to pay into it now . 
  demographic changes can take 50-100 years , and are unpredictable . 
  low fertility is the time bomb , if i remember correctly in portugal there used to be 5 workers for every person retired and now there are 2 . 
  even if unemployment goes down i doubt it will be enough to compensate for the increasing number of people in retirement . 
  either the fertility rate goes up or we 'll have to cut benefits to keep the accounts in check . 
  [ it seems so ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tumlx.jpg ), 
   on a long enough timeline . 
  the survival rate for everyone drops to zero . 
  so chill , have a drink , coz the salafists aint having one . 
  knowing that we 'll all be dead someday should n't stop us from preventing stupid policies , it 's our duty to leave a better future for the next generations and importing a bunch of muslim fundies is not the best way to do so . 
   which city in germany are you talking about ? 
  this article is about germany , and i have never heard about any sharia being recognised here . 
  ethnic turk muslims are not into that fundamentalist shit . 
  i was thinking more about france and the uk , but i just googled sharia law in germany and it seems you already have some of those good courts functioning . 
   black african immigrants in usa are more educated than indian immigrants . 
  surprised , eh ? 
  nope , that 's understandable . 
  the ones who immigrate are usually the smartest and tend to have a good work ethic . 
   you should be more worried about high unemployment amongst european youths . 
  start worrying about demographics when the existing children have proper jobs . 
  ca n't i be worried about both ? 
   what do you mean by the islamisation of europe ? 
  how is european society , at large , ` islamifying ' , other than the presence of a growing but still small minority of muslims , most of whom live in the poorest parts of it ? 
  their fertility rate is higher than ours , on a long enough timeline we 'll become a minority in our own countries . 
  hell , some of our cities are already dominated by muslims with sharia law being enforced . 
   there are also problems with black ( minorities in general really ) disenfranchisement , growing inequality , growing poverty , unemployment , violent crime , a continent wide currency crisis , a sleeping/broke banking sector , rife tax avoidance and a slew of other issues , depending on which country you live in . 
  asians/jews seem to do fine , might have something to do with their work ethic and intelligence . 
  blacks are always going to be a burden in europe because they 're simply not that bright and their culture is shit . 
  muslims follow a religion that is backwards and collides with our european values , so either they adapt or leave . 
  do n't make excuses for them , they 're the ones who have to adapt to our lifestyle , not the opposite . 
   but let us focus on a particularly small issue , absolutely . 
  this is not a small issue , european demographics are changing like never before and by the end of the century whites may represent less than half of the population in some countries . 
  economical issues are far easier to fix than demographic ones . 
  islam is not a race , it 's a backwards religion that has no place in europe . 
  islam : 17 christianity : 11 this is today , who knows how many will be subscribed to the religion of peace tomorrow ? 
  [ time to purge the land !, 
  minority report all up in this bitch !, 
  all of my rage ... 
   one argument was that it should n't be only those who could afford to go to spain the ones who should be able to get abortions . 
   one word : battlefield 3 one word : [ canabalt ] ( http://www.adamatomic.com/canabalt/ ), 
   forcing gays to have children is not only highly ineffective but also plain stupid . 
  the catholic church is n't forcing gays to have children . 
  it 's simple not promoting homosexuality which makes complete sense when you consider what the church stands for and their interests . 
  christianity and any other religion has a self-preservation instinct . 
  it is then in their interest to promote behaviour that will lead to increased fertility and stand against that which does the opposite . 
  i know it 's the cool thing to do to stand by the gay community and against the catholic church but once you start receiving your retirement checks maybe that will change . 
  well to be fair it makes no sense to stick around in a country where there 's such a low demand for employees , it 's a waste of human capital . 
   blah , this makes me nervous !, 
  increased immigration is the final test in becoming a developed nation . 
  i hope poland does n't fail !, 
  [ beware of the final step !, 
   honoring an odious and highly speculative debt , that can never ever be repaid or remotely managed , even if we were miraculously growing at 5 % a year !?!? 
  i 've discussed this with uat2d and others here in reddit and i myself believe that we 'll have to default on our debts . 
  i could see ourselves managing to pay them if this government reduced taxes so as to stimulate growth and focused their efforts in reducing the deficit via spending cuts , but alas that has not happened and we may very well be past the point of no return . 
  still defaulting on our debts does not change the path we must walk , we will get poorer and there 's no avoiding that .
