  downplaying this issue are we ? 
  tell that to any british kid who has to grow up around this mess , i 'm sure they 'll find that joke really funny . 
   you 're beating a dead horse , tugasnake . 
  let it go , man , let it go . 
  just your daily reminder that you believe we do n't have infinite resouces because of right wing policies , after all , you did say that you still stand by this moronic stance . 
   perhaps you think the housing market is n't overpriced in portugal ; perhaps you think youth unemployment is just right on the spot ; because bringing down both those numbers would never factor in the high percentage of young people living with their parents in portugal . 
  right , tugasnake ? 
  you 're over thinking there brah , i just posted that to get a rise out of you, 
  50 + downvotes , someone is being a good troll . 
  only because these right-wingers do n't embrace infinity and build more houses ... 
  the real important question , how often did she shout allah snackbar whilst killing her son ? 
  kkk  btw , i should be a negro like the chick in the video , your reaction would have been even funnier xd  i should be a negro not worthy it just to troll me , but you can always become a wigger . 
  i 'm a cop , you can trust me . 
   even the other day , damn , you ranting about abortion and liberty and the free market and my final post felt like landing a perfect kick and scoring goal , you did n't even reply , i remember that i say isflasf without saying what it was and even googling to see if it would be any help and it was n't and you did n't even ask what it meant xd i saw that post before getting off the computer and the next day i did n't even remember to answer xd isflasf ? 
  econ speak i guess  i love you , you weird fuck < 3 faggit, 
  since when is foster care even a market ? 
  is there a supply of adoptive children ? 
  can you subsidise or tax the adoption of children ? 
  is there even transactions ? 
  can one set prices on this ? 
  [ that was n't meant to be taken literally , the same way some authoritarians like to say that if we let the people be free they will make bad decisions , the gap between the wealthy and poor will grow , etc , etc. . . you said that if we gave the freedom to decide upon this matter to the institutions then they would refuse adoption on football club or other such silly basis when that would never happen . 
  [ you bastard !, 
   you said it yourself , you favour higher taxes if you get to keep the flag and the socialists over in lisbon nope , i favour changing our political system at the national level instead of selling our sovereignty in hopes that our new overlords will be kinder . 
   you must favour a flag over life quality [ you must believe that selling our sovereignty to the eu or spain is the only way to increase our quality of life , bitch please !, 
   if it meant lower taxes , yes !, 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;  you must also want guin\u00e9-bissau back . 
  why not ? 
   let them both keep it , we do n't need no added expenses holding us down . 
  do you even lebensraum ?? 
   no , fucking keep it , let them be the ones to pay for the pensions of all the elderly spanish that leave there . 
  might as well give them the whole country by your logic . 
  oliven\u00e7a is of portuguese clay . 
  stop plowing oliven\u00e7a , give it back !, 
  i fail to see the correlation , you 're just trying to be mean to me :(, 
  if you 're going to be an hero do it right . 
   how white people are genetically superior to black people do n't blame me , blame nature for making us smarter than them . 
  inb4 guns , germs and steel herp and derp environmental factors herp derp tabula rasa herp derp leftism everyone equal !, 
   you know , all those clever things only a superior being would barf down their brain understanding that there are differences between the different human races and that white people as a race are superior to blacks does not require much intelligence , it 's not that i 'm superior , it 's just that i 'm not a complete moron who buys into the white guilt propaganda . 
   i stand by this comment . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ugokd.gif the only unlimited resource i can see is human stupidity , too bad we can only harvest it for teh lulz . 
  finns and poles are my greatest allies !, 
  the ones in this subreddit are pretty capitalistic and do n't buy the multiculturalism bullshit . 
   so now tell me vayl , what does the country need ? 
  ** give me a viable alternative to what 's currently being done . 
  ** you 'll be waiting a long time ... 
  [ uk then : glorious empire spreading our superior western civilization and race through the world !, 
   or the conservative handwringing 4 years later when its clear that portugal killed the golden goose to get at the eggs quicker . 
   portugal  islamic republic of western europe seems legit, 
   communist nazi i 'm afraid i 'm just a dog cat ... 
  it 's on par with british immigration policies then . 
   haha good troll is good . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ykw5l.jpg  happy new years thanks !, 
  same to you !, 
   i swear i saw a comment by you on/int yesterday by the way . 
  twas another anon , i mostly just lurk / pol /, 
  you 've exposed yourself as an extremist right-winger for speaking against muslims . 
  everyone knows that only nazis are against multiculturalism and as such you 're cover has been blown and srs will soon descend upon you for great justice !, 
  i could explain the 1 million ways multiculturalism and islamic immigration benefit the uk , but since you hold positions that only a bigot would i wo n't bother to do so for there is no need . 
  the majority of the uk population will not question immigration because they understand that letting millions of people from a different cultural matrix is the politically correct thing to do . 
  so should you . 
  there 's no reason to fill your heart with hate when you can embrace the multicultural rainbow . 
  it 's not that they are muslim but rather that they 're poor and disenfranchised from society . 
  you 're sitting in a position of privilege as a white cis male and you can not judge nor understand all the difficulties those who are born without such privilege go through , besides you have no right to deny others the opportunity to settle in your country and bring their customs with them just because you 're not comfortable with it . 
  i 'm tagging you as `` possible nazi '' . 
  in case you apologize to the islamic community and show willingness to understand , tolerate and support your new compatriots i will consider removing it , otherwise you 'll be tagged as `` hitler himself '' for not supporting multiculturalism . 
  [ the uk is dead . 
  long live the ukistan !, 
  silly op , we have to remove kebab from the eu , not flood us with it . 
  turkey will never join . 
  feliz 2013 !, 
   * pensions cuts * salary cuts * unemployment benefits cuts * wellfare benefits cuts  in february it will be announced the addittional meassures to cut 4 billions on education , health and social security . 
  i 'm afraid of the floods that will happen in 2013 due to leftist tears !, 
   because as long as it only affects alcoholics , drug users and hiv patients we do n't have a problem ? 
  dunno about you but i do n't . 
  brought to you by multiculturalism \u00ae time to remove kebab from premises !, 
   there is a part of this subreddit that is unapologetically neoliberal . 
  if you ca n't succeed in the free market , go die , you are not worth living . 
  http://i.imgur.com/fbwnp.png http://i.imgur.com/ptpgt.gif / r/communism is waiting for you to come back friendo . 
   sweden imports trash to generate power oh god , is that what the somalians are for ?? 
   how much ? 
  604  btw , i have alvaro cunhal usb at -565 xd damn , i just checked and i only gave turninfinite 94 downvotes :o then again he does n't stalk me so i do n't meet his commie self that often . 
   it would be sick if they were , one could get hundreds of children under his care and deny them parenthood with criteria such as `` the parent is gay '' or `` he 's from scp '' or even `` have you seen his jacket all demod\u00e9 ? 
  i never expected to see you make a `` if you leave x to the free market then babies will be eaten for breakfast ! '', 
  argument ... 
  i iz disappoint t_t, 
  [ there 's still time to repent and accept the free market as your lord and savior ... may the light shine upon you brother ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pacw9.jpg ), 
   upvote me cockmongler , i have you at +382 lol mofo you 're lagging behind !, 
  you 're lucky i post less than you otherwise you would have no excuse !, 
   they ca n't decide on the future of the children based on arbitrary criteria such as sexual orientation , the children are human beings within their own right , foster care only has the right and the obligation of taking good care of them , ** to deny them new foster parents is to act against the best interests of the child and that 's outright unlawful . 
  ** not if you believe that they would n't be proper parents , which is an acceptable position to hold when it comes to gay couples . 
   no , children should never be denied parents based on the criteria `` the father likes in the arse '' or `` the mother likes scissoring '' , we have something called the constitution which has to be upheld at all times , and it could n't be more clear on this issue : lel , quoting the commiestution like i give a fuck about it . 
  i got no respect for that document . 
   it 's irrelevant what you and i think . 
  the free market is 99 % of a time near optimum way to allocate resources . 
  any cuts are good cuts . 
  how can europe be competitive when we are taxing everything : personal income , capital gains , spending ( vat ) , savings ( inflation ) , property , gasoline , and so on . 
  not only we are overtaxed , but also goverments are in such a massive debt because they were spending like crazy promising to give back latter . 
  on what were they spending this money ? 
  on crap like erasmus among many , many others stupid ideas backed by fallacies like `` more education is always a good thing '' . 
  who needs a threesome when you have written porn such as the above ?
