  i 'm pretty sure australia has affirmative action and welfare for aboriginals , they may live a bad life but it is without no doubt better than the one their ancestors led before europeans arrived . 
   yes , that 's what happens when an entire nations bureaucracy withdraws and they are then placed in an extremely one-sided trade relationship . 
  no , that 's what happens when the most productive and smartest part of your society leaves and the country is a left to a population with an average iq of around 70 . 
   ah 4chan , that explains it . 
  do you also call people faggots and talk about how chris dorner is an american hero ? 
  i ca n't believe how edgy you are . 
   disregard content of the image  [ it 's from 4chan you rayciss , edgy teen !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bqbvv9h.jpg ) even africans have come to realise that their nations where better governed by whites , only fools like you deny it and keep on self-loathing ( assuming you 're white , perhaps you 're just a butthurt negro who wants to perpetuate white guilt ), 
  [ he 's a true legend ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyirhoio6mo ), 
   i 'm honestly quite glad at that picture . 
   [ white guilt detected ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sthdumq.jpg )  it at least shows some europeans are honest enough to admit their countries involvement in slavery back then slavery was widespread all over the world , we did nothing different than everyone else . 
   unfortunately the rest still have the delusion that `` we helped them '' by enslaving millions and subjecting their countries for centuries we bought our slaves from other black tribes , we took them to our nations where they now enjoy a far better life than their african counterparts who live in aids infested nations with people starving left and right . 
  and there 's also that part where we invested countless resources developing sub-saharan africa from mud huts to where it was at decolonization . 
   ( the ramifications of which are still being felt ) . 
  why would you study journalism when you can skip that step and go straight to the nearest unemployment center ? 
  can this be used to send weed into space ? 
  he must prove himself as a political correct ~ ~ faggot ~ ~ man . 
  [ i prefer when you work with your mouth shut ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zp4arws.jpg ), 
  why do this ? 
  let the handful of buffoons who actually follow communism make fools of themselves . 
   monarchies . 
  it already is in that position . 
  even monarchies do n't last forever , and they 're heavily reliant on the state . 
   who enforces currency ? 
  who enforces property rights ? 
  do ancaps believe in intellectual property ? 
  you would have to ask them , i 'm not one . 
   of course , they can offer a rental charge for safe passage and i can volunteer payment . 
  i laughed xd  nah , i one up them and claim ownership of the sky and use a big sheet to funnel water away from his land . 
  i then charge him a fee to remove it . 
  it 's obscene that you think it acceptable for something as communal as a river be subject to theft ( ie property ) . 
  there are arguments for the privatization of rivers . 
  one is that if a river is privately owned the owner will have an incentive to keep it clean . 
   government is made up of capitalists , most damns are capitalist ventures , but yeah no true scotsman . 
  so what system do you advocate for ? 
  my bet is in another brand of anarchism . 
  there are plenty of videos by ancaps explaining how their society would work , including the justice system . 
  you should check them out , even if you disagree with them it will give you an idea of what ancaps are all about . 
  if somebody killed me they would be brought to justice by the company i hired to protect me , and the courts would have to sentence them because otherwise nobody would do bossiness with a court that is corrupted . 
  thus they would have no incentive to kill em because they would pay dearly for it . 
  i think that 's their explanation , in simple terms . 
   * its fixed, 
   there 's plenty of anarchy in africa , i 'm sure some of them would qualify as anarcho-capitalism . 
  none of it would qualify as anarco-capitalism , not even close . 
  i do agree that anarco-capitalism probably is n't compatible with human nature , that 's why i do n't call myself an ancap . 
  still i would be interested in seeing a group of ancaps try anarco-capitalism to see if would float or not . 
  i do n't get what liking everyone else has to do with anarco-capitalism , if anything in anarco-capitalism the driver would be profit and greed , not love for the greater good . 
  pretty much capitalism in its purest and most extreme form . 
   t is bad because it commoditises everything and says that there should be a working class and a rentier class what ? 
   what do you do when some owns all the land ? 
  that would never happen , fortunes come and go , nobody ever reaches such a dominant position . 
   capitalists love big government . 
  crony `` capitalists '' do , true capitalists absolutely do not . 
   i 'm stuck between 5 pieces of land and ca n't get out . 
  there would no incentive for the owners of those 5 pieces of land to be such asses as to not let you pass . 
   some one claimed ownership of the upstream river and diverted it , now my land is arid and unworkable ? 
  what to do ? 
  you would have to negotiate with the owner of the river . 
  what about when government decides to build a dam and now my house is set to be underwater ? 
  what to do ? 
   anarco-capitalism is pretty much capitalism . 
  which is n't bad . 
  i 'm actually a minarchist but i would n't mind seeing a society try anarco-capitalism and i 'd be happy if it succeeded . 
  [ your government is increasing your retirement age so that they can pay for all the third world trash that is pouring in ... must be a nice feeling , huh ? 
  paying for a distant race to come and conquer your land . 
  i would laugh if it was n't so sad what cultural marxism has done to you . 
  this ad was so bad that i just became an anarco-capitalist . 
   exactly . 
  it 's not a crime to work for a low wage , you hurt no one . 
   no , but implying that laws that are broken should not exist is far more sane . 
  thing is , although you could improve the minimum wage law it would still be a bad law at it 's root . 
   so you say . 
  countries with higher economical freedom do better than those which lack it . 
   so your solution is to that is having more people reliant on social help ? 
  it essentially is the same . 
  you had 3 guys that paid more taxes and had less social support and one guy who was relying on the state , now you have 4 guys that pay less taxes than those 3 and rely more on the state than the other 3 , all this so that the other unemployed guy could feel productive . 
  good job . 
  lower unemployment benefits the employees . 
  it leads to higher competition between employers for the best workers and thus drives the price of labour upwards . 
  as it currently stands employees have it good since there 's so much human capital being wasted . 
  under these conditions employers can get away with imposing harsher conditions on their workers . 
  the abolition of the minimum wage would actually benefit employees since there would be less unemployed people desperate for jobs and the state would see their need to raise revenue towards social spending reduced . 
   the mere fact that you think what i said was condescending tells a lot about the state of our society . 
  of course it 's condescending you prick !, 
  you 're telling someone that they ca n't work below minimum wage but that they are free to go ahead and spend their labour on a charity !, 
  do you think this an option for someone who has to pay for rent , food , etc ? 
   like i said , he can always volunteer . 
  no one is keeping him at home . 
  there are a lot of low skilled adults . 
  for a teen a charity may be a good start but for someone who has bills to pay you 're just a cunt with worthless advice . 
   who am i to tell people that they 're criminals ? 
  who am i to judge murders ? 
  true , i ca n't believe that people ruin the life of someone else by taking a job below x wage decided by a bunch of bureaucrats ...  outlawing murder is n't keeping people from commiting it , better decriminalize it . 
  implying that murder and working below a random number for all jobs and ages are the same thing ... 
  son do n't go full retard on me please ...  so because a law is badly applied makes that same law incorrect ? 
  genious , i can see the possibilities !, 
  no , these are the consequences of a law that is inherently bad and against human freedom . 
  people do n't want to work outside the law where they are far easier to exploit , yet if you push them into a position where they have no choice but do so they will . 
  sadly more and more people find themselves working in the black market because of how bad things are getting . 
  i could tolerate minimum wage brats like you when the cows where fat , but now this shit is getting way out of hand and you 're acting like a donkey who wo n't move even when it 's clear that you 're wrong .
