   lol wow . 
   you 're a huge racist . 
  i 'm done . 
   that 's not even what the study says . 
  it showcases that babies can recognize race and respond differently to people from their race and from others . 
   also you 're a fucking joke if you honestly think that europe becoming slightly less christian is an `` invasion . '', 
  i do n't even ... slightly less ? 
   japan is not . 
   about 1.6 % of japan 's total legal resident population are foreign nationals . 
  i would say they 're pretty homogeneous , but your standards may be higher . 
   i admit that drawing borders with no conception of native governance is stupid , not that ethnicities living together is negative . 
  well , they clearly think it 's negative enough to start a civil war over !, 
   so you want to kick non-whites out of europe but not whites out of africa . 
  and you say you 're not racist ? 
  thing is , we 've done fine without black in europe , the same ca n't be said about blacks without whites in africa ...  because people are racist and easily mislead by fascists . 
  then take into account that people are racist before trying to force everyone to live together !, 
   because people are racist . 
  yes , but that 's natural http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/04/racist-babies-nine-month-olds-bias-faces_n_1477937.html  lol . 
  yes because legal immigration is invasion . 
  do you even listen to yourself ? 
  in a few decades some european cities will be majority muslim , i would say those cities have been invaded . 
   more to do with borders drawn by white europeans and exploitation by white europeans both historical and contemporary . 
  unless your vision of `` homogeneity '' includes kicking every white person out of africa , too . 
  so did you just admit that forcing different ethnicities to live together under the same country can lead to a lot of volatility ? 
  as for kicking white people out of africa , well that generally never turns out good for either side . 
   `` weaker social cohesion '' is such an obviously minor problem it is impossible that anyone but a racist would try to bring this up as a reason for kicking thousands of people out of their homes . 
  it may not be to you but to me it is . 
  higher social cohesion is very important in times of crisis and it is a perk , so why sacrifice it ? 
   p.s. 
  japan is n't homogeneous . 
  iceland also enslaved the irish . 
  they 're pretty good examples of homogeneous societies imo . 
   so , what if someone is the child of a `` european white '' and a `` non-white '' ? 
  white ! = mixed race . 
   also , wow if you think skin color is the main indicator of homogeneity ( mixed race couples and families do n't exist , amirite ! ), 
  race is one of the main dividing factors in society , i would take a homogeneous white country every day over say , a country like the us or brazil . 
  i honestly dunno why you 're trying to imply that i do n't believe in mixed race couples ? 
   again , this is what makes you a racist . 
  well , i do believe that there are different human races but i have nothing against non-whites besides the fact that i do n't particularly fancy them invading europe , dunno if that makes me a racist or not though . 
   when you tried to draw a comparison to protecting your family , you did say that . 
  no , i said that i care more about people from my race than from some other , that does n't mean in any way that i will treat ever single white like they 're my sibling and that i 'll be hostile to anyone who is n't white -_-  europe was never wholly white , that 's why . 
  you 're a racist who does n't understand history . 
  ok , not all of europe , but western europe has been * pretty much * all white for thousands of years, 
   they were all white europeans . 
  as far as i know , no heterogenous society is scoring that low today . 
  there 's still a lot of conflict in africa due to ethnic differences , that 's actually one of their main problems and has led to many civil wars . 
   oh really ? 
  you think the fucking spanish inquisition was n't a thing ? 
  or burning catholics at the stake in england ? 
  how about the atheist revolution in france ? 
  the roman empire conquering and enslaving europe ? 
  the normans establishing rule over the saxons ? 
  how about comparing present day homogeneous societies like iceland , japan , switzerland , etc. . . to heterogeneous societies like brazil , canada , us ? 
  homogeneous societies tend to have stronger social cohesion . 
  whites get some more leeway , but not too much . 
  criminal whites should also be deported , i mentioned non-whites criminals above because i was talking about measures to keep european countries homogeneous . 
  at least we have to invent them , in heterogeneous societies they are already there to begin with and are much deeper . 
  your post reads like someone saying `` oh , i ca n't have a perfect score on this exam so who cares if i have a shitty one instead of 95 % ? '', 
  yes homogeneous societies are n't perfect , yes we still find shit to disagree over , but nothing to the extent of what happens in heavily heterogeneous societies . 
   translation : i know nothing about history . 
  thanks for your contribution , that has really added to this thread ... 
  i guess i 'm a dummy for thinking that homogeneous societies have much higher levels of social cohesion than heterogeneous ones where there all sorts of division , be them based on race , religion or something else . 
  no , why would you think i support genocide ? 
  deportation of criminal non-whites alongside limits to how many can enter the country per year is what i support to keep european nations homogeneous . 
   til i should treat every single white person as my sibling rather than a stranger til i said that  similarly i should be openly hostile to someone who does n't share my skin shade or my culture . 
  til i said that . 
   yeah , there is , when you rely on pseudoscience and racism and revisionist history . 
  what 's the point of `` preservation '' ? 
  to secure a future for white children ? 
  because that 's mein kampf . 
  so wanting future generations of europeans to look like me and my ancestors makes me a nazi ? 
  let me counter with just as much extremism as you did and say that wanting europe not to be white in the future is wanting genocide . 
  he implied that all cultures have the same value :  not all cultures are of equal value ? 
  so i just showed him how that argument is flawed by mentioning how he should respect nazism then , since all cultures have equal value . 
  i was n't defending nazism in any way . 
  i 'm just saying that homogeneous nations ( with all the perks that they have ) are better than heterogeneous nations where there are racial/religions tensions . 
  just think for a bit , if everyone in europe was white/christian or agnostic there would be none of this talk about racism and islam . 
  we would still have plenty of other issues but lack of social cohesion would n't be one . 
   absolutely . 
  however , do n't you realise how arbitrary it is that you were born in ` your ' country ? 
  before you were born did you care about this ? 
  i do n't see how that 's more arbitrary than in which family i was born . 
   it is one thing to have a greater affection for family , but that does n't mean you 're entitled to deny the freedom of a stranger to seek a better life . 
  that 's what we all want for our own friends and family . 
  who are you to stand in the way ? 
  sure , but i 'm also entitled to want my offspring to enjoy growing up in a homogeneous nation where there are no divisions based on race/religion . 
  i understand that many people come here to seek a better life , but there has to be limit to how many , and in times of crisis when unemployment is higher even less should be allowed to enter . 
  if we restrict immigration we will have a easier time integrating those who come here and our identity wo n't be threatened , but if we allow such massive immigration to a point where some european cities may very well be muslim majority in a few decades then we 're gon na have a bad time . 
  nearly negative now , grab some popcorn . 
  also i did n't realize that wanting europe to remain white like it has been for tens of thousands of years is the pinnacle of racism in this thread :o, 
  ffs , do n't you care more about people from your family than with a stranger ? 
  is that racist/fascist/nazi ? 
  is that wrong ? 
  there 's nothing wrong in caring more about people who are genetically closer to you , nor is there anything wrong in wishing to preserve europe as a white continent . 
  explain switzerland, 
  and every month it seems we get another thread complaining about `` rising levels of racism '' and `` facist invasion of / r/europe '' if you 're a well integrated immigrant who contributes to society then you should n't be fazed by what we `` fascists '' say . 
  i can only speak for myself but i can tell you that i have nothing against good non-white immigrants , with that said i do believe that non-white immigration needs to be much more well regulated , since it 's very important that we preserve our racial homogeneity and we do n't really need non-white immigration with the amount of natives that are unemployed . 
  there should also be a zero tolerance policy towards immigrants : you do n't follow our laws , you 're deported . 
  none of that bullshit about `` we should help integrate these poor souls by throwing taxpayer money at them ! '' . 
  also you do n't need to be a fascist to be against immigration fyi .
