  i do n't think so , it 's still the best continent to live imo . 
   you ca n't blame skin colour for everything who says i do ? 
   africa not nicer than europe ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  what , you enjoy the rain and the cold ? 
   i 'm not asking for malaria or dysentery nor am i asking for the saharan desert or for the congolese jungle , but with regards to geography and the climate , africa is much more appealing than europe . 
  i was talking about the whole package , not just the geography/climate  what if i am of african descent ? 
  you 'll have to be sent in quarantine to madeira :d  i mean , i find that very dubious because , well , you know , i 'm white . . besides , my grandparents were all born in portugal . . but you never know , their grandparents or the grandparents of my grandparents , some of them might have fucked a moroccan or a native american or a sub-saharan and , as time goes on , the differences fade away . . how can you tell considering our history goes back for centuries and you have no records ? 
   i 'm white problem solved , if you look white you 're white by me , i 'm certainly not going to bother checking your family tree to see if jamal is in it xp, 
   there was no need for you to post it . . that could be said of most links i post though , lol . 
   do n't be like that tugasnake , africa can be a nice place , do n't hate them just because i do n't want them in europe does n't mean that i hate them , it 's not a binary thing . 
  and of course africa can be a nice place , it just is n't as nice as here   i 'd myself probably be african-born like my parents if it was n't for the end of the regime . 
  you 're not the only one who had family in the overseas , my father/grandparents/uncles / etc. . were there and had to come back with nothing like everyone else . 
  and nowadays i still have family in africa . 
   you would n't hate on me if i was born and raised in angola instead of in mainland portugal , would you ? 
  x ) why would i ? 
  you would still be portuguese culturally/genetically ... 
  the fuck kinda of question is that ? 
  do you think i hate people born in africa ? 
  [ blanda upp ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcdmgu-xi30 ), 
   1 : you post pictures of immigrants at school , or immigrants waiting for the bus , and expect that to be viewed as negative . 
  you post a picture of swedish midsummer , and assume it 's derogatory simply because there is a black woman in it . 
  do n't you see nothing wrong with your country receiving a huge influx of immigrants ? 
  do n't you feel your culture and ethnicity may find itself weakened in the future due to the increasing power that these minorities have ? 
  do you honestly believe that your progressive society can coexist with islam ? 
  and are you ok with your government telling you to work until 75 while it spends countless resources on immigrants ? 
  and what goddamn sense does it make to place a black woman in an ad about `` genuine swedish midsummer '' ??? 
   2 : the no him-her article is completely unrelated to anything that have to do with immigration . 
  what , did you run out of shit to throw , so now you 're just grabbing anything you find ? 
  that 's just to show how going full progressive is no different than going full retard . 
  progressive ideology is behind your moronic immigration policies , specifically the belief in the tabula rasa theory . 
   but is it not funny how sweden , despite our immigrants that you so blindly hate , *** still *** have a much better economy than your country ? 
  give it a few more decades and then we 'll talk . 
  portugal has mainly a political/economical problem but in terms of human capital we 're fine and you only need to see how well we do outside our country to realize that . 
  with the policies you 're following soon enough you 'll find that a quarter and eventually half of your population follows a backwards religion or is part of a race that has never accomplished nothing that can compare to what whites have . 
  then you 'll realize that perhaps sweden was possible because of it 's amazing people , and that with muslims and blacks the sweden that you currently have will crumble into pieces in the long run . 
  http://i.imgur.com/c1xbe.png back to work swede , someone has to pay for all those somali immigrants you already have and the ones who are coming in !, 
  [ sweden , a perfect example of how you can tax the living shit of the natives so that their wealth can be wasted in useless parasites who add nothing to swedish society . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/islam_in_europe-2010.svg sorry what are muslims ? 
  i 'm tired of these strikes ... just fire the lazy mofos and hire someone else who wants to work , supply is plenty , there 's no reason why we should be getting such shitty service because of a bunch of crybabies that should be fired for not doing their fucking jobs . 
   reducing our debt wishful thinking, 
   what 's the alternative to the euro ? 
  the escudo , what else ? 
  sure it would be devalued , but if we kept tabs on inflation and prevented it from rising too much it could be viable . 
   oh , and `` primary deficit '' is an extremely raw indicator - did you know that we have a raw primary deficit of fuel of 100 % because we have no fossil fuels ? 
  how so ? 
  deficit - interest payments , it gives us a good idea of what our situation would be like if we repudiated all our debt . 
   how can you expect to keep the state running when it still presents considerable deficits and you destroy the possibility of it being financed both from the outside and from the inside ? 
  our primary deficit was 0.4 % last year , i 'm pretty sure we could manage our resources and get by just fine without foreign credit . 
  short version : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=txz016fshbs#t=126s, 
   people keep saying it would be much worse on our end but i 'm not so sure anymore . 
  i think what would be much worse is having to do it anyway after 5 years of austerity and fire sales . 
  i know that feel , i 'm very pessimist when it comes down to our debt problem and believe that a default is inevitable , and just like you said if we are indeed going to default it 's best to do it as quickly as possible while we still have some assets to back us and a new escudo . 
  too afraid to get downvoted , apparently there 's a bunch of angry northern europeans who downvote anyone with a portuguese flag xd the chinese flag represents him better anyway , he 's commie as fuck . 
  firefox & chrome here !, 
  respect to all except those who use ie for anything more than to download another browser . 
   uat2d is just sharting his own bigotry . 
  i dunno about that , i think he 's clearly just trolling , but whatever you say ...  and i 'm making him eat his own shit . 
  no you 're not , you 're just making a fool of yourself . 
   he 's just being sad and pathetic as always and trying to be the cool troll disrupting intelligent conversations whenever he can . 
  i doubt intelligent conversation can spawn from replying to txampion so i do n't know how he disrupted anything of value . 
   i wo n'tlet him have any of that . 
  if you want to troll , then expect to be trolled back with reality . 
  [ i 'm so glad there are rightful people like you on reddit to fight the trolling hordes , you 're truly a hero !, 
  keep fighting the good fight !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obws66ebucy ), 
   it 's not butthurt . 
  maybe you do n't realize this , but you 're really far up uat2d 's ass all the time backing him up . 
  that feel when i tried to help you and you turn against me :( next time i see uat2d taking the piss out of you i 'll just watch . 
   as for your links to pictures . 
  this is n't 9gag and it just highlights how stupid and immature you are . 
  thanks for letting me know about how immature i am mr. turninfinite, 
   so what if he 's a troll ? 
  does that prevent him from being called on his bullshit ? 
  you 're a good guy turnusb , not everyone cares to feed the troll but you do   fuck that , i 'll crush racism with sanity anytime of the day be it on reddit or on more meaningful places . 
  so brave !, 
  you 're the hero r/europe needs !, 
  an arab who fights against racists !, 
  :o ps :  sanity  turnusb pick one , 
   you 're always there to back up uat2d when he starts off with his racist bullshit i 'm attracted by the scent of butthurt :d  you 're always there to back up uat2d http://i.imgur.com/l6evp.jpg  he starts off with his racist bullshit . 
   uat2d  racist [ ... ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/403/girls.png ), 
  holy shit , i did n't post anything else on this thread yet you go on a rant about racism ... well i guess it 's best if you let it all out turnusb , do n't hold back your feelings !, 
  here 's a thought , maybe i just dropped by this thread , saw uat2d clearly joking , since there 's no way in hell he actually believes that we are arabs , and then saw you taking him seriously and facepalmed to such a degree that i decided to let you know [ that ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyzyonoh9a8 ) i really do n't know what triggered you to go psychology/sociology mode on me since i did n't say jack shit on this thread ... 
  i guess arabs just do n't have good sarcasm detectors . 
  i guess i should have added / sarcasm to my reply , 
  [ c'mon turnusb ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyzyonoh9a8 ), 
   it would fix the `` it 's all the politicians ' fault '' and the `` why should i care about politics anyway ? '', 
  problems which are very damaging to our democracy and a main cause as for why our representatives allow the country to sink this bad in the first place . 
  i agree , but dunno how much more people would start to care about politics , i bet many would still vote without being minimally informed . 
   you do n't know this . 
  democracy is all about voting for santa claus . 
   yup , because it 's only news if people disagree and protest , people who agree and have no problems do n't go out of their way to demonstrate their support . 
  that 's true , but overall the governments popularity is down due to their austerity measures . 
  in a direct democracy system i doubt they would be able to carry on with it , but that 's just my guess . 
   there 's no ` new game ' in real life . 
  a default would n't discipline anyone , it would only make it much harder for all of us without any real benefit as we 'd still need the support of the rest of the eu . 
  i would argue that a default can act as a `` new game '' to some extent . 
  and not having to make interest payments , is n't that enough of a benefit ? 
  sure we 'll get no credit but that would serve to discipline us and make us live within our means , [ which we already nearly are if you do n't count the amount of money we spend to service our debts ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1fblb.png ) . 
   what should a german do after seeing it ?
