  check your privilege . 
   or if we had a more transparent and direct democracy , where the responsibility lies closer to the people and the representatives have a much harder time in hiding the reality of the public revenues and spending . 
  i do n't see how direct democracy would fix our spending problems , most people will not vote for balancing our budget and reducing social spending , you only need to see how much hate is being directed to the government right now because of what their doing . 
   perhaps this would be a better alternative than continuing waiting for d. sebasti\u00e3o not waiting for him , i just do n't see how we 'll pay our debts in full , call me a pessimist . 
   it would be the ultimate certificate of incompetence i think the fact that we 're in the position we 're in is already that . 
  a default would discipline this country and would allow us to start anew . 
  true that , it 's not their fault we 're a bunch of suckers . 
  honestly if we had a really good leadership i 'm sure we would be able to pay our debts in full , but with the one we have right now i highly doubt it ... a default now would n't be that bad anyways , is n't our deficit nearly zero without counting with debt payments ? 
   corruption and incompetence of our politicians and leaders . 
  this , they 're just trying to project foreign powers as the cause of our woes when in fact they 're the ones who are responsible for the mess we 're in . 
  it is guilt tripping , what do you think that part about germans exports to portugal was about ? 
   the gross of the portuguese people is not guilty of our problems and we ca n't pay like this for them !, 
  yes we are , in a democracy the people are responsible for their leaders and it 's our fault we do n't hold ours to higher standards and allowed them to dig us into an unsustainable debt trap . 
  as for not being able to pay , unfortunately i do believe that we 'll likely have to default on our debts ( sorry txampion ) , i just hope that after we do that will stop with the gibs money plox . 
  oh for god 's sake , we already ashamed ourselves by making [ that video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e87ahrkn50 ) directed to the finnish and they just had to make another one , this time aimed at the germans ... 
  if these guys dedicated their efforts at fixing our problems instead of guilt tripping others into helping us we would be fine by now . 
  artists and self declared intellectuals are well know to be progressive and uneducated about economics . 
  perhaps it would be nice if they were a bit more humble and understood that it 's our fault we got so heavily into debt , instead of crying germany u nazi !, 
   communist  you are kidding yourself . 
   minarchism ( also known as minimal statism ) is a libertarian capitalist political philosophy . 
  it is variously defined by sources . 
  in the strictest sense , it maintains that the state is necessary and that its only legitimate function is the protection of individuals from aggression , theft , breach of contract , and fraud , and the only legitimate governmental institutions are the military , police , and courts . 
  in the broadest sense , it also includes fire departments , prisons , the executive , and legislatures as legitimate government functions . 
  such states are generally called night-watchman states . 
  and no i 'm not an objectivist , ayn rand was too traumatized by communism that she pretty much went as far in the other direction as she could possibly go . 
  i agree with her on many points but not on enough to call myself one . 
   making fun of all the slaves with petit-bourgeois consciousness , who think they are so classless and free . 
  at least big capital understands the game . 
  sorry i ca n't reply over the smell of how commie that paragraph is . 
   also , good news !, 
  you might also have to do overtime . 
  rumour has it mr. bossy got a new mistress . 
  those new golden earrings are n't going to pay for themselves . 
  thanks for the late night laughs , 
  i think a minarchy would be pretty viable , perhaps the state would also have to include education and healthcare as part of it 's functions , but that 's about it . 
   it 's like debating with a sixteen year old , who just found out about friedman and ayn rand and uses the word socialism to mean almost everything . 
  nowadays socialism generally refers to the belief in a large state that redistributes wealth and plays a large role in the economy , socialism as marx defined it is so ridiculous that nobody even gives it any credibility besides some nuts such as yourself . 
   bed . 
  now . 
  tomorrow is `` hard work day '' , your boss needs that extra profit . 
  he has a second pool to maintain , and his trophy wife needs a new necklace . 
  making fun of the proletariat are we ? 
  how ironic . 
   in the very long term we do . 
  not of my concern , perhaps once we have a singularity that will be a game changer but that is n't likely to happen in my lifetime and right now capitalism is the best system mankind has come up with and i 'm sticking by it until i see something better . 
   the necessary measure will lead us to capitalist socialism `` in its theoretical form '' , which has n't yet been achieved . 
  people will be free to associate as they like and so long as it 's on a voluntary basis i really do n't care in what system people choose to live in . 
   in non-authoritarian forms of socialism , workers own the company , instead of working to an oligarchy that owns the company if that 's the solution why do n't they implement it now ? 
  if they feel they 're being exploited by an oligarchy why do n't they go out there and start their own company and see how much better they can do ? 
  they 're free to so , only problem would be raising the capital and government regulations . 
   you 're the one wanting to abandon socialism . 
  i just want to fix capitalist socialism . 
  that 's the first step on which our current generation and others to come will have to focus on . 
  i ca n't abandon something we never had , capitalism has evolved civilization further than what a 19th century person would believe in his most optimistic mood , that 's something that should not be traded for a system which so far has succeed only in killing millions of people and enslaving the rest to an all powerful state . 
   socialism has other forms . 
  humanity will have to adapt to one of those forms if it wants to survive in a progressive and stable society . 
  no , we do n't need to get rid of capitalism , we just need to realise that our corruption affects the quality of it and take the necessary measures to reduce the affects of that so as to prevent crony capitalism and to keep capitalism as close as possible to it 's theoretical form . 
   human nature is such a loaded concept . 
  humans adapt out of necessity . 
  sorry , human beings were not made to be slaves to the collective . 
   necessity will show that a constructive form of socialism is the solution in opposition to capitalism . 
  why do we need another system ? 
  why not just fix what 's currently wrong with capitalism ? 
  what makes you believe that socialism would work better when it has such a terrible track record in human history ? 
  what makes you think `` next time it will work guys !, 
   i was n't aware that europe had socialism . 
  as far as i know the means of production have been private continent-wide . 
  we 've had our fair share of leaders poisoned by your bullshit ideology , but thankfully they never went full retard . 
   i would n't hold my breath for growth if i were you . 
  but for the moment go to bed , you have to serve your corporate masters tomorrow , and they demand their slaves wake up early . 
  the only master i see is the government who taxes the living shit out of us and do so under the umbrella of socialism and the nanny state ideology . 
   there are as many forms of destructive capitalism as there are destructive forms of socialism . 
  i guess so , but there are successful forms of capitalism , socialism on the other hand ...  and subsequantly that socialism has seldom been implemented , let alone marxism . 
  you could also accept that you ca n't implement socialism/marxism , it 's completely incompatible with human nature , it may work on a voluntary basis , but if you try to force a whole nation to accept it it will just fail horribly because it highly violates human freedom . 
  then move to cuba , nkorea , venezuela or china with him , you wo n't be missed !, 
   with the socialists forces of europe dead or dying they 're dying because there is no more money for them to steal , your great leaders leeched beyond what the host could sustain and fucked the economy up to a point where we 're having to spend some shitty years filled with austerity to get back on our feet , but do n't worry , capitalism has been increasing our quality of life for a long time and it wo n't stop now . 
  soon enough we 'll be back to growth , everyone will drop whatever temporary doubts they might have had about the value of capitalism and your commie diatribe will be downvoted into oblivion like it deserves to be . 
  [ say what ? 
  defending yourself from a bunch of rabid muslims ! = vigilantism god , you 're truly the embodiment of an overly progressive nordic !, 
   yes , this is obviously because of the people that defend science-based decision hahaha , progressives are just as blinded , if not more , by ideology as conservatives , if you punks could understand statistics you would not want any muslims in europe since they are much more prone to violence and extremism than your native european who is pretty non-religious and tolerant . 
  also i love when you morons defend a bunch of people who would like nothing more than to destroy your progressive society and turn this whole continent into a theocracy , lol what a bunch of idiots you lot are . 
  [ i feel so insulted right now !, 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/403/girls.png ), 
  progessives , will you please discipline your pets ? 
  all they ever do is shit on europe . 
   nor your disgusting neoliberal ideals . 
  yeah , voluntary association is such a disgusting thing . 
  i 'm really glad the government steps in and prevents the exploitation of the proletariat , i 'm sure all the unemployed youth in europe are thankful for the restrictions placed upon the free market , i know i am . 
  fuck , who needs jobs am i right ? 
   this is the natural result of an unregulated free market  unregulated free market  europe http://i.imgur.com/arm5l.jpg, 
  `` this is muh country too , allahu akbar ! '', 
  [ allahu akbar 1 minute into the video !, 
  `` age of mockery '' ? 
  all i can see is the `` age of butthurt '' !, 
  embrace the future citizen 7561746432/506f72746f, 
  [ farage knows it ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wl6hk.png ), 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzpcmhue_g8&amp;t=26 ), 
   you did n't even look at the page , did you . 
  there are several indigenous minority ethnic groups that are treated like shit by the japanese . 
  i did look , and saw that most of the japanese population is japanese in origin , only a small fraction is made of foreigners .
