  no person/company/country will ever take the globe . 
  some countries may seem to have come close but even they had their limits and their time . 
  in the end power is constantly switching around , no one can come close to grabbing it all , much less forever . 
   this leaves less jobs - combine this with an increase in population and an increase in life expectancy ( one could say life expectancy increases are a subset of an increased population ) and you have a system that is clearly unmaintainable . 
  nope , it just switches jobs from one sector to another . 
  the tertiary sector of the economy has been growing since there is less need for people working in the primary and secondary sectors due to advancements in technology/efficiency . 
  in the future you will just have more people dedicated to creative jobs instead of manual ones , that does not negate the existence of jobs in the future , it just means they will be more service oriented . 
   i 'd say `` look where it 's got us '' . 
  we seem to be in a complete mess . 
  yes we are , but even in our mess we still live better than the average joe a hundred years ago . 
  besides , the reason we are in a mess is not because of capitalism , but rather the lack of it . 
  we have chosen centrally planned economies over the wisdom of the free market and thus ended up with a mutated form of capitalism . 
   i do n't like to sound condescending but it sounds like you 're set in your opinions and unwilling to stand for anything but the norm . 
  what exactly about my idealistic view of the future was it you took stance against ? 
  i believe we will always need capitalism and money , even in a world where machines are responsible for all the work . 
  you will always need those two to allocate resources in the most useful way , unless we reach a stage where we can fully manipulate matter , and thus have nearly infinite resources . 
  but by the time we reach such a point we will be transhumans , so it 's of little importance to us right now to look so far in the future . 
  we will manage it , human ingenuity will make sure of it . 
  we are already in transition and the speed at which alternatives to oil are being developed/implemented is just going to keep increasing alongside the price of oil . 
  oh god , how do you even get 5 upvotes spouting such nonsense ??? 
  raising taxes kills economic growth which on the long term is extremely negative , and nationalization of industry kills productivity and scares away capital ( nobody will invest in a country which does not respect private property rights ) . 
  i sure hope by stimulus you mean lower taxes and not more government spending ... 
  sorry , but a world without money and capitalism does not work in practice , that is , unless you do n't mind living a very primitive lifestyle where you would n't even need to worry about old people because there would be few reaching such age . 
   do you cut public services to save a bit of money ? 
  yes  lower them to give an incentive to new businesses ? 
  yes  do you go for growth in the long term or money in the short term ? 
  long term . 
   i 'd say neither - you go for what i said at the top there , but that 's not going to happen . 
  capitalism is exactly the best road to reach a future where most manual work is done by machines . 
  it 's been slowly doing that for centuries . 
  true . 
  the reason the 20th century was so productive was because it was sponsored by cheap oil . 
  with the decreasing eroi of oil we can no longer rely on it as the basis of our economy , and will have to replace the role oil plays on it . 
  the end of cheap petroleum and as consequence the end of easy growth is certainly the root is cause of our woes , but many other things are magnifying it , like currency devaluation and excessive government spending/taxation . 
  dunno why you got downvoted , you 're absolutely right . 
  that is certainly a big factor , but there are many more variables involved . 
  austerity is a good thing and unavoidable , the way it 's being implemented is what 's wrong . 
  it 's got ta be done via spending cuts , not raising taxes . 
  raising taxes is counterproductive and will hamper the necessary economic growth . 
   the escudo is worthless already , we could work as hard as possible , this little strip of land and some islands would still look laughable on its own when compared to the rest of the world . 
  besides , why bother so much with loans there when we could just print and print again ? 
  trust me , the euro 's strict rules are one of its key point . 
  if we lose that obligation , we just would n't be trustworthy in the eyes of the world . 
  we have always been small , that did n't stop us from discovering most of the world and doing impressive things . 
  going back to the escudo we would likely lose a good chunk of our purchasing power , but on the long run nothing prevents us from having a stable currency with moderate inflation . 
   failure of the single currency would mean we 'd go back to competing with each other rather than with everyone else , we do n't have that luxury again , as the rest of the world is n't owned by us . 
  competition is still very present , it just shifted its competitors . 
  saying we just stop working as a team so we could compete with each other , screw the usa , brazil , russia , india , china and japan would be economical suicide , not to mention a much more uncertain and darker future for europe . 
  huh ? 
  competition between countries is what made this continent great . 
  we started the discoveries and in turn forced other countries to join in or be left behind . 
  when we fell behind other european countries took our place and this went well untill the 20th century when the us seized the oportunity and became the world power . 
  our strength is our diversity , centralization of power slowly destroys that and puts all our eggs in the same basket . 
  we dont need to adopt a federal structure like the us to be strong and face the rest of the world . 
   too bad we no longer live in a closed economy . 
  a small currency , even if properly managed , is just too easily overshadowed . 
  sure we would lose the benefit of having the 2nd biggest reserve currency , but we would win back the sovereignty that we lost and prevent any further reduction of it , something that ** will ** happen if we remain in the eu and sell our soul for some more crack . 
   try to convince foreigners of that . 
  that will be our job , and it 's far from impossible . 
  if we do n't take care of ourselves nobody will , remaining in the euro and going further and further into debt while we lose our independence and assets is not going to solve anything . 
  defaulting and going back to the escudo is the best option . 
  it 's either that or say hello to the eu as a nation with capital in brussels and control over the finances of all the member states , and the pigs as the ugly ducks of the family . 
   no , it would mean exactly the opposite , it would mean we 'd just continue to spend more than what we have and print and mint what we owe away - just like what was happening before we decided to join the euro . 
  if we ca n't get a loan then we can not live beyond our means and must channel whatever money we have to what really matters , forcing the government to cut on the fat . 
  this believing that no one will want to borrow us money : `` impossibility to ask for more loans as nobody wants to be paid in worthless paper ''  not only would it mean the failure of the single currency , it would mean we failed in keeping competitive and not borrowing more than what we can pay . 
  competition between its nations was one of the things that made this continent great , the failure of the single currency would be positive for europe . 
   and i 'm not being overly dramatic , we now live in a globalized world and do n't control a intercontinental colonial empire , going back would have the most severe backlash , seriously , if it was an actual threat , i 'd start by accumulating brazilians reais . 
  yes , but our size does not prevent us from having our own currency . 
  even a town can have it 's own currency and it will work as long that town has products to back it with and the monetary base is not expanded too fast . 
   you really think that after all this and alone , the bank of portugal would have any chance in competing with the rest of the world 's currencies ? 
  as long as they do n't expand the monetary base to a point where the trust is destroyed , the escudo is as viable today as it was when we had a empire . 
   you also support ron paul with his `` gold standard '' ideas , how seriously can i take you ? 
  im not much of a advocate of the gold standard . 
  its useful to provide a currency with stability if need be , but a fiat currency can be a better option as long as the central bank is reponsible . 
  i do strongly support competing currencies though . 
   yes , increased inflation - incapacity of attracting investment , much more difficulties in investing in foreign countries , power supplies threatened by the increased cost of oil , food much more expensive , impossibility to ask for more loans as nobody wants to be paid in worthless paper , yada yada yada . 
  in fact , why do n't we just ditch all forms of currency ? 
  it 'd saves us the trouble of printing and minting and we 'd go straight into the wonders of inflation !, 
  i assume you believe it 's a better option to surrender our finances to the eu and remain in a monetary union that is doomed to fail ? 
  going back to the escudo would force us to live within our means and to export more . 
  it is much more likely that we would just adapt to it rather than collapse and find ourselves without the ability to import oil or other necessities , you 're just being overly dramatic . 
  besides the bop would know very well that the escudo would be competing against the euro so they would be very dedicated in protecting the credibility of the currency and preventing inflation from getting out of hand . 
   you say it as if it was a bad thing . 
  they 're just as incompetent as those in s\u00e3o bento . 
  yes , but atleast in s\u00e3o bento they can only fuck one country and got ta worry about the other ones getting ahead of us . 
   ask us not to go back to the escudo ? 
  that 's like asking us not to chop off our own hands - we obviously wo n't and we do n't need to be told that . 
  i say bring back the escudo !, 
  in the long term we will be better off with our own currency than with the euro which just serves as a excuse for further centralization of power in brussels . 
  some things where hidden , but things like the deficit , the negative trade balance , the rising debt per gdp , etc. . . 
  the signs where everywhere to anyone interested/willing to see the hard truth : greece was spending more than it had chronically . 
  in a democracy the people are responsible for those they put in power . 
  sure the government did it , but they where empowered by those who voted in them . 
  if the greeks choosed not to care , not to be informed and not to question , then it was their fault . 
  it 's the onus of the people to keep the government under scrutinity at all times . 
  same thing goes for my country aswell . 
  i rather work for more years than see the genetical identity of my country destroyed by excessive immigration in an attempt to keep a ponzi scheme ( social security ) going . 
  people got ta understand that with the increase in lifespan they will have to work for more years , and the benefits after retirement got ta go down . 
  nothing new , when you have internal problems use some foreign country as distraction to keep the people from realising how badly ruled they are . 
  in this case germany & the eu do have some responsability but in the end the greeks have mostly themselves to blame for the condition of their country .
