  ( 2012 ) comparing pigmentation levels between the portuguese and three other ethnically indigenous european national groups -- the irish , the polish and the italians -- concluded that , in parts of the body not exposed to the sun , the irish were in the lightest end of the spectrum , followed by the portuguese , poles and italians , with the latter being darkest . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_people#general_traits so much for the portuguese are n't white meme . 
   have fun with this little bit of information nah man , i 'm going to cry to sleep tonight because of what you just revealed to me , i hope you 're happy :(, 
  then why do you support these policies if you know that they 'll result in social problems ? 
  they 're muslim . 
  christian arabs are a non-issue . 
  good for you , want a cookie ? 
   `` these new measures '' , in short , are torture , political imprisonment , political reeducation , and suppression of freedom of religion by an oppressive government . 
  we already have ghettos in europe where the cops dare not enter and a different set of laws and rules are enforced , the only reason why the situation is not worse is because those groups still have limited power , if we saw these muslims extremists take over an european nation you would see torture , political imprisonment , political reeducation , and suppression of freedom of religion by an oppressive government . 
   first , you seperate in an us versus them . 
  and it is an us versus them , our interests are different . 
   and then you try to exile them deport them would be more correct . 
  they 're illegal immigrants and as such they 're not entitled to remain here . 
   and then we end with mass murder . 
  sadly , that may very well be how it will all end , and all those deaths will be on the hands of those went against human nature and pushed for multiculturalism and diversity . 
   https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/addled oh ok , did n't know the meaning of that word . 
   as for youth stopping to feel pride in their race and country , sadly , that is not happening . 
  that has been the trend for decades though , only now is it starting to change . 
   the far right has been on the rise for a few years now . 
  as a predictable reaction to the demographic shift that has been occurring in europe . 
  does it really come as a surprise to anyone that millions of people from different ethnic and cultural background coming into europe would trigger a growth in the far-right ? 
  the romans called everyone who did n't speak latin barbarians , ottomans treated non-muslims as second class citizens . 
  of course if you 're an empire you 're going to be ruling over many different ethnicities , but that does n't mean that those two empires did not consider themselves culturally superior to those people they subjugated . 
  where does he call anyone stupid in that quote above ? 
  he predicted that the youth would stop feeling pride in their race and country , and that has indeed happened . 
  if you 're ethnically from a group of people who have traditionally inhabited this continent , you 're an european . 
  all those nationalities you mentioned are thus european . 
  times are always changing , and right now it 's clear that the pendulum is starting to swing to the right . 
  we 've reached peak multiculturalism/political correctness , from now on the more people are affected by illegal immigration the more they 'll turn to the right . 
  this is obviously what 's happening in the uk , france , germany and sweden . 
  sorry to say , but the times will not continue to move in the direction that you wish . 
  i dislike nazism you fool , why is it so hard to understand that nationalism and pride in ones race is not something exclusive to nazis ? 
   you really do n't have the slightest knowledge of european history , do n't you ? 
  please do tell me when europe was populated by another race than whites ? 
  inb4 arabs . 
   well you are technically a celto-iberian-roman-wisigoth-arab-frankish-hispano-european . 
  quite the race ...  2015  still trying to pretend that the white race does not exist http://www.voxeurop.eu/en/content/article/3770411-europeans-we-re-all-kissing-cousins all those groups you mentioned belong to the same race . 
  pretty much every civilization in history has been nationalist , only a long period of peace and prosperity can lead a people to disregard such an important cultural element . 
   these new measures in the field of culture , religion and education , coupled with the unabated influx of chinese immigrants to tibet , which has the effect of overwhelming tibet 's distinct cultural and religious identity and reducing the tibetans to an insignificant minority in their own country , amount to a policy of cultural genocide -- dalai lama the game you 're playing can work both ways bud . 
   that night , love too was not of one mind . 
  man never has really loved humanity all of a piece -- all its races , its peoples , its religions -- but only those creatures he feels are his kin , a part of his clan , no matter how vast . 
  as far as the rest are concerned , he forces himself , and lets the world force him . 
  and then , when he does , when the damage is done , he himself falls apart . 
  in this curious war taking shape , ** those who loved themselves best were the ones who would triumph . 
  ** the camp of the saints predicted your behaviour too :  he understood . 
  that scorn of a people for other races , the knowledge that one 's own is best , the triumphant joy at feeling oneself to be part of humanity 's finest -- ** none of that had ever filled these youngsters ' addled brains , or at least so little that the monstrous cancer implanted in the western conscience had quashed it in no time at all . 
  ** https://archive.org/stream/documentetlivresrares/raspailjean-campofthesaints-typeclan9_djvu.txt truly a prophetic book . 
  is n't that true though ? 
  and how can you link that with nazism ? 
  only in the second half of the 20th century did european governments stop being racist and nationalistic , back in wwii those two traits were common in europe , in no way were they exclusive to the nazis . 
  no i have n't , my views are perfectly sensible and if you were n't so far left you would realise that . 
  why are you bringing nazi ideology up ? 
  every ethnic group looks after their own interests , but every time an european brings up the fact that we exist as a people and should look after ourselves some twat always shows up with le witty comparison with nazism and le moustache man . 
   europe has an arrogance culture it needs to work on . 
  this continent is not any more important than anywhere else in the world and has been given more cultural power than it ever deserved . 
  centuries of hard work and sacrifices by your ancestors only to be disrespected like that by someone that does not value what he inherited from them . 
  nice ... 
  flynn effect only hides the decline in the portion of our iq that is defined by genetic factors ( which is around 75 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heritability_of_iq#estimates_of_the_heritability_of_iq ) i 'll see if i can watch those ted talks tomorrow . 
   not an abstract thing like `` the diversity amongst european cultures '' . 
  it 's not an abstract thing , just look at the thug of war between germany and greece that has been going on for years now . 
  our differences are proving to be bigger than what unites us . 
  and that 's why it will likely fail . 
  too much diversity amongst european cultures , even more so if you add foreigners and their cultures to the mix . 
  most of these people are economic migrants looking for a better life . 
   which several times what eu is spending now for patroling the sea . 
  yes , but patrolling the mediterranean is just the beginning of our costs when it comes to illegal immigrants ...  but the real issue is that we ca n't make treaties with libya well yea , who would have thought that taking gaddafi out would turn libya into a failed state embroiled in civil war ? 
  jesus i hate our politicians ... 
  i have my priorities right . 
  i want to leave my kids a good continent like the one i inherited from my ancestors , not a multicultural mess . 
  there are millions of people from the third world who want to come here , and allowing them to do so will irreversibly damage our interests since these people will never leave , regardless of how much the situation improves in their countries . 
  if it 's really as bad as you 're implying then what chance will these immigrants have of ever being accepted by society ? 
  the problem is that one way or the other somebody is going to inherit the earth and push the population levels to the limit . 
  smart people are far more likely to worry about overpopulation , and as such they foolishly refrain from having kids or only have one or two while stupid people have far more . 
  the end result is that with each passing generation our species becomes dumber . 
  either way i do n't see how the world is overpopulating considering that the average human being has never enjoyed such a high standard of living which is still rising with each passing year . 
  tell me what other continent do you consider to be more homogeneous because i ca n't see none . 
  if we do like australia and send all those who arrive illegally back nobody will try to cross the mediterranean anymore . 
  our current policies are what 's enabling the deaths of thousands of people at sea . 
  i do n't particularly like the guy , but despite that he made some good points like the one i quoted above . 
   would n't have mattered who was president , russia would 've acted the same way . 
  no it would n't . 
  obama does n't impose any respect , that 's why putin had the balls to go through with it . 
  well sure , but i 'm not here just to survive . 
  welcoming that many people would heavily damage our quality of life . 
  completely different . 
  portuguese people are ethnically european and christian so they have no issue integrating in other western nations . 
  this current wave of immigration is from outside of europe and contains many people who follow islam , which i consider to be incompatible with western civilization . 
  they will never integrate with the ease those portuguese immigrants did . 
  no , i 'm for sending back all those who arrive in europe illegally . 
  if there 's no chance of them staying here then nobody will risk crossing the mediterranean thus nobody will die . 
  no need to get nato involved , if we just did like australia and sent all illegal immigrants back we would n't be in this predicament . 
  i 'm not , we have pathetic birth rates which means that our influence is going to keep diminishing until that changes , and we 're destroying perhaps the biggest advantage this continent has over the rest of the world , the fact that we are composed of ethnically and culturally homogeneous nations . 
  [ if this man was still leading the usa instead of obama there would be no ukraine crisis . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tph5l8zctsk ) geopolitics is all about convincing your enemy that you 're ready and looking for a fight even though you really want to avoid one at any cost . 
  putin only went after crimea because obama could n't project an image of a leader who would n't take shit from russia . 
  let me guess , you hail from below the mondego river ? 
   what worth does all that talk about european values have if we deliberately let people drown . 
  what good are european values if we 're setting ourselves to be less capable of enforcing them ? 
  if we let the millions that want to come here enter this continent , we 'll soon find ourselves engulfed in so many internal problems that we 'll no longer be able to help the rest of the world . 
   while we should never give up our principles , we must also realize that we can not maintain our principles unless we survive .
