  not really , but they do add another problem . 
   do its supporters believe kicking other ethnicities besides their own out of europe will help solve the crisis in a meaningful way with a constructive outcome ? 
  it wo n't help end the crisis but it will help keeping europe a homogeneous continent which is a big plus . 
   are its supporters exploiting the crisis to put forward an ethnic agenda that has always been there but had n't had the right momentum in recent times ? 
  as i explained above it is only natural that in hard times people adopt more racist views . 
   do its supporters believe only enslavement and/or killing of other ethnicities besides their own will achieve this ethnic agenda ? 
  no , i believe repatriation of non integrated immigrants as well as a much more tight immigrant policy meant to allow only the best into europe is the answer . 
   was racism and xenophobia in europe as prevalent before the crisis as it is now ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   if you read your marx lel, 
   so , you just accepted that the world is not fair ( it 's not , it 's deeply unfair ) . 
  i think it is our duty is to turn a deeply unfair world into as fair as we can . 
  that means helping 3rd world nations if we can ( instead of bombing them as we do now ) . 
  no it is not our duty . 
  i believe in equality under law but not in forced equality through wealth redistribution . 
  we are not equal and we will never be , and it 's only fair that the most successful nations/people end up having more wealth than the rest . 
   where did you get that ? 
  post 1920 we have mixed economies . 
  before that we had children cleaning chimneys . 
  the only reason why we do n't have children cleaning chimneys and can afford the less efficient mixed economies is because capitalism allowed us to evolve to a point where society could afford to get rid of child labor and instead send them to school . 
  without the necessary conditions we would n't be able to afford our current social states and workers rights . 
   before capitalism allowed for higher productivity and capital accumulation we had children cleaning chimneys . 
   the rich used to pay almost 90 % tax in the `` golden years of capitalism '' in the us . 
  check http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/taxfacts/displayafact.cfm?docid=213 i doubt many payed that and to me that is near slavery . 
  90 % of their income after a certain point , really ? 
  what 's the point of working more when you 're only getting 10 % of it ? 
  would you actually defend that ? 
   it 's since the 70 's that neo-liberal ideas started picking up that real wages have gone down and the wealth inequality has gone up . 
  more like since the 70s the social state has been growing alongside bureaucracy and government intervention in the economy . 
  look at the weight that the spending of western governments has on the economy and i dare you to blame our problems in liberalism , an ideology which advocates small government with no/minimal intervention in the economy . 
  the blame lies on statism and all of you who preach that the government should be a superman entity responsible for everything . 
   most rich have inherited their wealth just like most of us posting in r/europe have inherited a 1st world country , so what ? 
  are we less because of that ? 
  should we run and donate everything to those who were n't as lucky to be born in a 1st world nation as us ? 
   but i am not going to go there . 
  uh huh . 
   nor am i going to mention the fact that their newly created wealth is not the '' a fruit of their labour '' but of days of toil from their workers . 
  sure rich people do n't work us much as people with less money , the point of working hard to get rich is to get to enjoy that easy life afterwards . 
  as for those who where born rich , well , good for them !, 
   what really strikes me is the fact that you are supporting a deeply unfair world out of ideology . 
  implying i believe the world that i support is unfair . 
   it 's not even self interest that takes you there or perceived future self-interest . 
  it is self-interest . 
  i rather be poor in a capitalist society than equally miserable in a communist one . 
  capitalism is the most successful system at improving the quality of life of everyone , for both rich and poor . 
  do n't be confused , just realize that some people are more interested in making the pie grow than looking at how much rich people have . 
  it means that i do n't need to ever become a rich person to defend their right to keep the fruits of their labor . 
  i defend their rights based on ideology , not because i may become rich one day . 
  i do n't care how small a percentage they are , i do n't care how much they make : the majority of someones income should never go to the government instead of that person itself . 
  it is a marginal tax rate , neverthless at 75 % it still is waaay to high . 
  anything over 50 % is pathetic imo , no way the government should get more than the actual person who earned the money . 
  what makes you think i 'm scared of the rich getting taxed ? 
  i support the taxation of rich people at a ** slightly ** higher rate than everyone else , but nothing too ridiculous and i completely disagree with these sad attempts , that are often made , that try to vilify all rich people as if they 're all scumbags who escape taxes and only take from society without giving anything back . 
   i do n't get it . 
  what do you hope of achieving in life that makes taxing the rich so scary ? 
  i bet some centuries ago people where saying this :  i do n't get it . 
  why do you want to free the slaves if you are n't one ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-cannibalism reckless spending is the cause of our woes , not lack of revenue . 
  i 'm all for fighting tax evasion , but taxing the rich at ridiculous rates like 75 % is moronic at best and a sure way to ensure more capital flight . 
  and people still wonder why there is a growing number of people against immigration ... 
  reductio ad hitlerum much ? 
  is this what it has come down to ? 
  someone ca n't have a conservative viewpoint on immigration without being called a nazi ? 
  ffs ... 
  living in a foreign country is a privilege , not a right . 
  when you move to a different country you respect their culture or you gtfo , if gypsies rather set up their camps and piss off the local population then they should expect to get booted , simple as that . 
  we do n't need gypsies , they add nothing to our society besides some fake ray-ban glasses and what not . 
  keep it up france !, 
  yes you 're curbing individual freedoms , do n't tell me that forcing owners to comply with a no smoke rule inside their establishments is not removing some of their rights . 
   it 's just making sure nobody who does n't want it has it 's life quality and expectancy drastically reduced . 
  here is the deal , when you enter a smoking zone you agree that you do n't mind suffering the negative effects of 2nd hand smoke , otherwise you do n't enter and stay in a smoke free zone , etc. . . 
   do n't think only about the client , think also about the work force and about third parties that might have to spend some time there and not want any of the smoke . 
  be them the guy behind the counter , the cops sent there to keep an eye on things or the 5 year old who 's missing school , there 's plenty of people that might deal with 2nd hand smoke and not want it . 
  the work force also voluntarily chose to work in a smoking establishment so that 's not an issue . 
  as for the kid and the cop they can just `` stand outside '' . 
   besides , you ca n't ban non-smokers from getting in , that discrimination , just like this , and that 's unlawful ban ? 
  you 're free to come in if you do n't mind the smoke , but do n't say you 've been banned just because smoke is allowed that 's ridiculous !, 
   i do trust them , otherwise i 'd say all smoking should be banned lol . 
   all  all  all  all thank for banning only `` some '' smoke . 
  that happens in china and guess what ? 
  i do n't see many chinese running back to their farms , most rather work under those conditions than live a miserable rural life . 
  and we work less and with better protection thanks to the advancements capitalism has provided us , not because government said so you blistering idiot . 
  good luck trying to estabilish those laws in a underdeveloped nation like china , you would be sending millions to their deaths/misery . 
  maybe you 're the one that should go live in a island you twat, 
   just as you 're not allowed to punch a guy in the face just because it 's your bar , you 're also not allowed to get him to catch smoke . 
  same principle , the fact that it 's your property is irrelevant if you 're harming third parties ' health . 
  punching a guy in the face is not voluntary , if i have a sign at the entrance of my bar saying smoke allowed then you know what you 're getting into . 
   fuck man , you 're not supporting libertarianism , you 're supporting full blown anarchy , even ron paul does n't support the lack of a state like somalia , even he wants minimal government , not no government at all . 
  government is needed so that assholes who want to ruin it for everyone else ca n't succeed , just like you 're not free to steal from someone ( regardless of wherever you are ) , you should not be free to smoke onto him and give him lung cancer ( again , regardless of your location ) . 
  libertarianism includes anarco-capitalism so i am supporting libertarianism either way , but i 'm not being anarchic in any way shape or form . 
  voluntary contracts are the basis of libertarianism and what you have here is a owner setting up a smoke allowed bar and a client making the choice of going in . 
  it is voluntary , nobody forced the client to enter the bar , he choose to do so himself . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with this , do n't you trust people to decide things for themselves ? 
   guilty as charged . 
  you 're an american liberal !, 
  :o  sorry , i get your position but i just do n't agree with it , it 's too extremist , some degree of government is required , i do n't agree with free handouts but i also do n't agree with not saving someone 's life because of their financial situation . 
  the market would save their lives , hospitals would get terrible reputation for letting poor people die and the ones that choose to help will get more support from the community . 
  it 's not that i want people to die , it 's just that i believe the private sector can provide better and cheaper healthcare , 
   your bar which is for public use ? 
  yes .
