   by that standard the english are a useless race having done nothing to send someone to space . 
  right now even more important than sending people into space is to develop our technology so than in the future space travel becomes feasible . 
  england has done far more to get the human race closer to the stars than all african countries combined . 
  it 's not even a fair comparison tbh . 
  [ le progressive air of le europe will make the religion of peace even more peaceful !, 
  a group of people who evolved under a set of selective pressures and separated or with a small amount of contact with other human populations . 
   and no . 
  all continents have made contributions to mankind . 
  learn to read kiddo , where have i said otherwise ? 
   anyway i 'm not even going to get into such a stupid argument . 
  it 's not a stupid argument , it is a well known fact that white people have contributed the most to the world we 're living in nowadays . 
  asians and others have made very important contributions as well , no doubt . 
  but in the end whites are the race that has contributed the most . 
   anyway gg no re, 
   there is no evidence that white people have superior genes . 
  so the superiority of white civilization over black civilization for the past 3000 years is only due to environmental factors ? 
  do you honestly believe that white people are not genetically superior to blacks ? 
  i mean , there are still tribes in africa who hunt with spears and live in mud huts without knowing what the fuck the wheel is !, 
   the phrase `` worthwhile civilisation '' is meaningless , and vague . 
  what makes you think the british/french/germans / italians/etcetc . 
  are a ` civilisation ' . 
  whites have contributed far more than blacks to the advancement of mankind towards our goal to spread life across space . 
  if we were waiting for blacks to do what every other race as done we would n't have reached the moon yet and in the worst case scenario we would still be waiting for them to invent written language . 
  a country is nothing more than a big family , by eroding the identity of that family and it 's cohesion you weaken the nation itself ... 
  if britain wants to honour their glorious past they 'll first have to regain their pride and put an end to this change in demographics that has started in the 20th century . 
   any form of immigration as a disease to be cured not any form , i 'm only bothered by black and islamic immigration into the eu . 
  homogeneous societies open to global trade  all . 
  i 'm not advocating for protectionism , what i am advocating is the maintenance of the eu as a union of white homogeneous nations . 
  black immigration is just a burden on our societies and reduces our social cohesion . 
  the negatives far outweigh the benefits . 
  the english and the germans invading france does n't violate the law of the strongest , blacks entering france on the other hand makes no fucking sense . 
  blacks never produced any worthwhile civilization and they certainly do n't have the military prowess to invade france . 
  colonialism made sense because we spread our superior culture and genes in africa , what 's happening nowadays is the opposite and it 's anti evolution . 
  brazil is a good example of a heavily multicult society , filled with crime and corruption . 
  it 's also divided on race with whites at the top and blacks at the bottom living in favelas and just being a burden to the rest of society like in every other nation . 
  this continent has advanced mankind far more than any other , even more so if we include the nations that were born from european populations such as the us . 
  i wonder which continent you consider the best , probably none since having favourites is discriminative , lol . 
  [ free speech , do you know what it is fascist ? 
  i do n't care about your feelings , millions of future europeans are going to suffer because of our immigration policies and their the ones i care about , not a bunch of politically correct kids who live in a bubble and have no sense of self preservation such as yourself . 
  go experience diversity in one of the many non-white cancerous ghettos out there in europe , that 's the reality many future europeans will have to coexist with , the greatest continent on earth with a bunch of third world clusters ... 
  the arrogance these blacks display enrages me , they 're welcomed into a country where they 're given several opportunities like the opportunity to enjoy life in a nation where blacks are a small minority and now they expect to be better represented than the natives whose ancestors built france !, 
  for how much longer are we going to keep letting these useless morons invade us ? 
  their intentions are clear by now , a white europe is rayciss and discriminative , they seek to take our countries from us and if they succeed soon enough many countries in europe will look like brazil, 
  it is known that islam is far more backwards than christianity , it is to be expected then that that religion will breed more people who beat kids , women , homosexuals , anyone who offends islam , etc than the traditional religion of this continent . 
  on average christians are far more open minded and tolerant than muslims , there is a link to religion in this . 
  never said that , still in relative terms it is a far more peaceful religion than islam . 
  tfw no muslim fundie parents to shove the koran down my throat :(, 
  natural selection at work , get this woman her darwin award !, 
  what is the embodiment of islam then ? 
  and why does europe need islam ? 
  what benefit does this religion bring us ? 
  islam is a growing religion in europe , how is exposing its backwardness irrelevant for this subreddit ? 
  just another day for the religion of peace ... 
  nope, 
  [ oliven\u00e7a is of portuguese clay ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=fzyvaailryo#t=150s ), 
  nah , i just do n't repress them out of shame of being politically incorrect , 
   despite unemployment , european countries encourage immigration so they are not stuck with a messed up population pyramid - millions of old people who cant work , and young people who are forced to work their assess off to pay all the taxes . 
  immigration is a terrible fix to our natality problem though , not to mention it 's temporary and requires a constant influx of immigrants . 
   i agree . 
  but keep in mind less immigration will mean lower standard of living you do n't know . 
  less immigration could lead us to tackle the problem of low natality and ageing population and in the long run we would be better off . 
   our people ? 
  who tells you im white ? 
  i rather see the population of europe decline but remain white than to bring in the third world so they can out breed us and change the demographics of this continent . 
  that 's just me though , perhaps you enjoy going into paris and seeing the declining influence of our people in our own native continent . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/15/countries_by_population_density.svg http://blog.thomsonreuters.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/unemployment-europe.jpg clearly this continent is in need of more immigrants , keep the gates open . 
  more often than not those gangs are tied by ethnicity and/or religion though . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/20/gothenburg-shooting-sweden-ghettoes-gangs-varvadersligan-klas-friberg http://swedenreport.org/2014/10/29/swedish-police-55-official-no-go-zones/ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10233993/immigration-we-must-break-down-the-barriers-of-britains-ghettos.html, 
  how can you call yourself conservative when you defend a policy that will further change the demographics of your country ? 
  america was built by wasps , not hispanics . 
  look at who votes for the conservative values that you enjoy and you 'll find that it 's mostly white people whilst most hispanics vote democrat . 
  for someone who claims to be a conservative i do n't see you preserving much . 
  so you 're ok with illegal hispanics getting us citizenship ( the american equivalent of our immigrant crisis ) ? 
  if so then sorry to break it to you but you 're not conserving anything . 
  they follow the same religion as this continent does , makes it easier for them to integrate into our society . 
   are you implying you had any control on your `` race '' ? 
  no , why would you think so ? 
   because that is the only way to be proud of something , to actually have had some hand on it . 
  nonsense , taking pride in the accomplishments of your ancestors and striving to build further upon them is a healthy sentiment for humans . 
  most of you seem to forget , but we 're a tribal animal . 
  just because there are differences within our race that does n't mean that the white race does n't exist . 
  when you look at a color palette you also see that there are many reds and blues and greens and that does n't mean that those three colours do not exist . 
  if you 're going to reply to something please put more effort into your comment . 
  are you seriously denying the existence of immigrant ghettoes in europe ? 
   it is not . 
  you just lumped all economical immigrants , all war refugees , in one category , and lumped me in with you on the other side . 
  that is not the case . 
  you 're right , it was a massive simplification . 
  but overall immigration does damage us and as merkel said we 've got ta make sure that we 're focusing our efforts on real refugees rather than economic migrants . 
   there is such a thing as the un convention . 
  are n't war refugees supposed to seek asylum in the first safe nation they enter ? 
   that 's some serious double think there , blaming the result of your actions on those who opposed them . 
  i 'm not going to be involved in the bloody mess that you 're creating , portugal is sheltered from immigrants by our shitty economy and as such we 're a pretty united country with no social strife . 
  when conflict starts breaking up in the most diverse eu states i 'll be here telling you guys `` told you so '' . 
   hey man , i 'm sorry to break this to you , but you 're from the iberian peninsula . 
  you 're not breaking anything , you 're just being a twat . 
   there 's very little chance you do n't have north african and arab genetic heritage from the days when muslim invaders ran the place . 
  you know the meaning of the word negligible ? 
  the berbers have been gone for centuries and most likely less than 1 % of my dna is from them . 
  there was a study done recently that proved portuguese people are just as white as polish people :  a recent study by candille et al.
