   use ? 
  should n't you be hating on a uesr ? 
  i hate both , i do n't want a federalised eu in any shape or form . 
   no , nobody in the eu is n't trying to homogenize the cultures . 
  just read the damn motto , it 's not even e pluribus unum , it 's in varietate concordia . 
  it will become more evident as years go by . 
  they want a federalised europe and they will keep walking towards it . 
  chill dude , that was sarcasm , lol . 
  because most of those in the eu nod in agreement at what the asshole says . 
  it 's clear by now that there is an interest in undermining national identity in favor of a european one , while turning the eu into the use . 
  coming up next after national identity has been destroyed : forget your family name ... you are now a human !, 
  multiculturalism destroys the social fiber of a nation . 
  homogeneity creates a sense of trust and common identity , something very important to the health of a nation . 
  i like knowing that my compatriots are genetically alike me , it 's like a giant family and it 's something that i do n't want to go away . 
  peter sutherland is calling for the destruction of the genetical identity of european nations , he is doing this because he knows that people without an identity are far easier to accept a ultranational union led by a bunch of punks in brussels . 
  fuck multiculturalism , fuck mass immigration , fuck this federal eu they are trying to force down on europeans , fuck all about it !, 
  i would n't say 60 years ago , but rather when they decided to introduce the euro without uniting the finances of all eurozone countries . 
  this was always the plan . 
  wait for a crisis and then use it as a excuse to further centralize power in brussels at the cost of national sovereignty . 
  why take the stairs when you can jump from building to building until you eventually die ? 
  i got that score over two years ago , now i can barely get past 10km : / i would say going moderately fast and treating each game as if it is the one where you will reach a new highscore is the best way to get far . 
  19,5 km on [ canabalt ] ( http://adamatomic.com/canabalt/ ) bet she ca n't beat that !, 
  want to join ? 
  we have tasty austerity cookies !, 
  because economic growth is not about growing the pie , but stealing it from the rich !, 
  signed , leftist genius . 
   portugal here , we `` accepted '' austerity we accepted austerity the same way any person accepts to live within its means once unable to finance its overspending with loans . 
  it was unavoidable . 
  also we chose austerity not yesterday , but when we decided to run constant deficits for years upon years . 
  eventually the day would come when we would have to pay for all the deficits we had . 
  it 's wrong to think we had any option regarding it in the recent years . 
  if we try to pay our debts we will need to cut our spending to do so , if we default on them we will have to go straight to a 0 deficit which would mean even faster austerity measures . 
  pick your poison , whatever we choose will lead to more of it . 
  austerity is necessary , the problem is that spending should be getting cut a lot more so as to make tax cuts feasible . 
  blaming austerity for the condition of our country is like blaming vomiting after eating some rotten food . 
  the puking is nothing more than a reaction to something wrong that was done beforehand . 
  in our case what we did wrong was to live cronically beyond our means . 
   i assume you think that intelligent successful black people are just exceptions to the rule !, 
  it 's a matter of averages . 
  white people tend to more sucessful , on average , than black people . 
  that does not negate the fact that there are millions of intelligent black people who do fairly well in life . 
  how do you explain the gap between the achievements of europe and sub-saharan africa ? 
  thousands of years of evolution under different selective pressures lead to differences between the human population . 
  are those differences enough to say there are races within the human species ? 
  i would say so . 
  yes , because bailouts are the epitome of laissez faire capitalism . 
  if the banks knew that the government would n't rescue them i would wager they would have been much more careful with their loans . 
  what you blame on the free market was actually the fault of government intervention . 
  you speak the truth , we 've spent more than we should and now the bills are coming home and we have no other option but to cut spending back to reasonable levels . 
  democracy works best at the local level and this would just push the decision making process further away from the people . 
  even worse is running a deficit and leaving future generations saddled with debt . 
  austerity is a necessary thing , it just needs to be implemented well ( spending cuts alongside tax cuts ) . 
  this makes it easier to understand r/atheism constant attacks on religion . 
   but have you ever met an idiot , an arsehole or a drunk ? 
  have you ever met a nutter ? 
  have you ever seen a stupid fight in a pub carpark ? 
  have you ever heard of neighbours doing horrible , crazy things to each other over a stupid row that has escalated out of all proportion ? 
  yes , there are plenty of people that should not be allowed to own guns , like those with a record of violence or mental instability , but that does not negate the right that law-abiding citizens have to own firearms for legitimate purposes like recreational use and/or self-defense . 
  for every person that dies because some moron decided to draw his gun over something stupid there are probably more that live because they could defend themselves , and plenty of crimes prevented just by the deterring potential provided by a gun . 
   but other than these well-circumscribed exceptions , people living in a civilised democracy do n't need killing machines . 
  true , but that wo n't stop criminals from getting their hands on those killing machines . 
  you may as well let law-abiding citizens own guns too so they can protect themselves . 
  yes , because people are going to ruin their life just because you spilled beer on them or knocked at their door \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic usa : country with most guns per capita . 
  switzerland : 4th place . 
  colombia : 91st place . 
  honduras : 88th place . 
  el salvador 92nd place . 
  source : http://www.smallarmssurvey.org/fileadmin/docs/a-yearbook/2007/en/small-arms-survey-2007-chapter-02-annexe-4-en.pdf i would wager homicides have much more to do with socio-economical conditions rather than availability of firearms . 
  besides , there is nothing government can do to prevent criminals from getting guns . 
  gun regulations end up impacting law-abiding citizens far more than a criminal . 
   the new government has announced reforms to the labour market , including cutting back on severance pay and restricting inflation-linked salary increases , that it hopes will ease the problem . 
   these measures have angered unions , which have organised widespread general strikes in protest . 
  some parasites understand that it is in their interest to keep the host alive , unions do n't ... 
  i guess we can pretty much expect them to keep crying until there is absolutely no money left . 
  two words : fiscal union, 
  she has brought * light * to whether or not someone can die from an overdose of stupidity . 
  i guess her mind * puts on sunglasses * was n't enlightened, 
   how is this going to work ? 
  there is a genuine need for manual work at the moment as we need manual labour to generate a whole host of essential things for ourselves . 
  i never said there is no need for manual work \u0ca0_\u0ca0  there is no need for creative work at all , if everybody is satiated in their needs by being cared for , fed and looked after then why the need to hold on to antiquated ideals like capitalism and money ? 
  no need for creative work ? 
  tell that to the millions of artists who love what they do and produce entertainment and culture . 
  creative jobs are the best and in the future people will be free to pursue what they like since capitalism and money have allowed civilization to grow past the point where most of the population needs to be involved in agriculture . 
   the free market is what leads to capitalism which leads to this ideal that `` one must work to generate money , the more one works and the harder the more one earns '' which i do n't see why we would hold on to . 
  the person who enjoys the job that they do is few and far between , basically we 're slaves to the the big society which expects of us that we bow down and do as we 're bid . 
  are you averse to the idea of not working for purely an increase in money or an increase in power ( arguably the same thing ) ? 
  profit is a incentive to work , if only the people who enjoy their jobs worked we would ` nt be discussing this in here because there would not even be a electric grid . 
  it was capitalism that allowed parents to let their children go to school instead of working with them , it was capitalism that allowed working conditions to become better , it will be capitalism that will lead to a world where most manual work is done by machines , freeing humans to pursue their interests instead of working in a factory or doing some other repetitive boring job . 
   letting the market be 100 % i hypothesize would lead to one hyper-company ruling the entire globe . 
  we already have multi-nationals which are so incredibly powerful as to be basically untouchable . 
  i do n't like this and neither should anybody . 
  wealth should be spread . 
  well , wealth should not mean `` how much money you have '' but should instead mean `` how much you get out of life '' or something along those lines . 
  a wealthy man would be one who gets a lot out of life , is happy rather than the current terminology being one who is rich . 
  your logic does not explain the rise and fall of companies . 
  companies grow and fall , on a long enough timeline they all go bankrupt . 
  no company will ever be able to become the dominant one in a free market . 
  those untouchable multi-nationals are so because they have the support of governments , in the free market they are subject to the consumers and must please them if they wish to remain in business . 
   i can not guess , but yes you would require something to stop a single malicious person from taking over the globe .
