  a 2004 meta-analysis of reports in current directions in psychological science gave an overall estimate of around .85 for 18-year-olds and older . 
  the new york times magazine has listed about three quarters as a figure held by the majority of studies . '', 
   anyway , like i said above , intellectual development is more conditioned by upbringing , culture , social context than by race science  your ideology based opinion . 
   thanks to people like you they wo n't , but you 'll grow up eventually . 
  deluded people who believe a complex society like the one we have today could work without money and a free market system capable of rewarding those who contribute the most are the ones who need to grow up , not me . 
   yes , psd . 
  the party that has fucked portugal more than any other . 
  the fact that you think voting for them is the true staple of sanity and maturity tells me all i need to know about your social ideas regarding politics , race , etc. 
  ha , i only posted that because i knew it would rustle your jimmies , i actually do n't think psd is a good party but alongside cds-pp they 're , unfortunately , the two only parties worth voting for currently . 
  also ps and the other moronic leftist parties have done far more damage to this country than psd could ever hope to do . 
   100 % taxation on all profit ( until we slowly abolish private ownership of the means of production ) . 
   nationalisation of all infrastructure . 
  never go full retard . 
  there has to be a balance between helping others and sacrificing ourselves . 
  when you grant asylum to someone that person should atleast seek to respect the culture of the host country and follow it 's laws . 
  if they do n't they must be deported , even if that means their death , it was ultimately their choice . 
  there are plenty of peaceful countries outside of europe and it 's pretty clear that many `` political refugees '' just want to come here with their families to leech of our welfare systems whilst contributing nothing to society . 
  ah yes because i said sweden was a crime free paradise . 
  oh wait ... you can keep making fallacious arguments , that wo n't change the fact that certain groups of immigrants are much more prone to crime than native swedes , and have a net negative impact on your nation . 
  calling for more selective immigration is a sensible position , but by all means keep stuffing yourself with somalians/rabid muslims , i 'm sure future generations of swedes will remember with pride the people who turned their great nation into a charity home for third world criminals at the cost of the taxpayers . 
  another swede who was culturally enriched ... might be time to start looking better at who we let into our countries . 
   the iq of an adult is influenced to great extent by their specific genes , not the genes that define their ethnic features . 
  ok , let me look at the average iq of european nations versus sub-saharan ones ... shhhhheeeeeiiiiittt !, 
   given the existence of black people among those at the top of all intellectual fields , i call bullshit on that statement . 
  that 's to be expected , there are plenty of very , very intelligent black people , but , on average , white people tend to have a higher chance of being geniuses than blacks . 
   their upbringing and environment defines their intellectual development morethan anything else . 
  bold statement , too bad studies about the heritability of iq have proven that genetics is the main factor . 
  there is also the minnesota transracial adoption study that seems to point in that direction too . 
   no , i mean it : you 're a cyst . 
  i could say the same about you and everyone else that believes your bullshit about a world without money and forced equality . 
  you 're truly a deluded person and i hope one day you 'll grow up and leave those foolish ideas ( that will never work with homo sapiens fyi ) behind you . 
  maybe then you can start voting for psd . 
   those differences are n't genetic , therefore not racially based either the iq of an adult is ~ 75 % genetic , whites have , on average , 15 more points than the average african american and 30 more than the average black african . 
  everything points towards the idea that whites are indeed smarter than blacks due to genetic reasons . 
   they 're circumstancial and go beyond anything humans can control like the environment in which their societies flourish . 
  culture makes the population , but vice versa is also true . 
  some races are capable of creating and maintaining more advanced civilizations than others . 
   `` marxsist ?!, 
  well , you certainly are a cyst and know shit about marxism - or any other ideology , for that matter , ignorant child . 
  glad to see you jumping on the grammar nazi bandwagon . 
  that book certainly has some valid points , but he puts too much empashis on the environment . 
  without good human capital there is no point in having a very wealthy environment because you wo n't have the necessary conditions to properly make use of it . 
  i would say human capital is far more important than the environment , but it 's at least a 50/50 deal . 
   spoken like the true white supremacist you are , tugasnake would n't say white supremacist , i do think some asians are at our level . 
  with that said reality seems to have a white bias throughout all history , but that must be 100 % environmental though !, 
   shall i infer that you think our minute genetic differences small differences can make a world of difference , in some cases it can lead to some races going to the moon whilst others still live a tribal lifestyle . 
   parasites like you will stand off the sidelines of all the progress we need to get there . 
  weird , i do n't think i 'm a marxsist !, 
   everyone is truly equal . 
  dna says hi . 
   but there is , always . 
  if there was n't any corruption all systems would tend to a leftist libertarian utopia ( i call utopia but i still envision its possibility in a feasibility far away ) where there 's no money and everyone is truly equal . 
  but we 're not there , yet . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1nixgjnxdk keep dreaming turnusb , keep dreaming ... 
  muh multiculturalism u rayciss !!!, 
  glad we have countries like the uk to serve as an example to the rest of europe . 
  there is no place in this continent for these backwards religious extremists and they should be promptly deported . 
   tfw when n00b, 
  they also aim to be a whiteless society . 
  because politicians are honourable citizens that can put our money to better use than ourselves . 
  http://imgs.isidewith.com/results-image/96745222.jpg gary johnson and the libertarian party , just like i expected ... 
  do n't bother , the guy is either a shitty troll or uber moron . 
  white person with a tan ! = brown 2/10, 
   as white portuguese can be that is ; i do n't think the portuguese stock is the embodiment of the aryan ideal . 
  no we 're not , your point ? 
  just because we are not the `` embodiment of the aryan ideal '' that does n't mean that we 're not white and that we should open our borders to africa to wreck future generations . 
   for a 1st world country portugal is n't really that great . 
  in fact , it 's doing worse than some countries which had to endure almost 50 years of communism . 
  well , we 've been enduring a shitty mixed economy since 1974 , look at our taxes then maybe you 'll actually be surprised at how we still manage to have a economy under such conditions . 
  the time will surely come when europe will wake up and realise that you ca n't have a 1st world country with a 3rd world population , you can only pretend all races are equal for so long . 
  you do realise there is enough genetical diversity in a population of 1 million ? 
  since the white race is far bigger than that here is no need for whites to breed with inferior blacks and i quite prefer the diversity of the white race to brown , brown , brown , brown ... 
  wow , what has happened to this continent ??? 
  since when have we become pussies ready to sacrifice the gene pool of our countries so that we can have a good retirement ? 
  i rather die at 50 years of age and know that my kids will be white and have atleast a 100 iq than live to 100 and realise that most kids are either black or brown and have a easier time going into jail than higher education . 
  you do n't fix our demographic problem by destroying our gene pool , and you ca n't have a 1st world country with a 3rd world population . 
  bring more blacks and soon enough europe will look like brazil . 
   uat2d  libertarian pick one, 
  if you ca n't defend your land then it 's not really yours . 
  israel is a far superior state and for all i care they could conquer all of palestine . 
  you should just embrace your jewish overlords and welcome their superior civilization . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xstpzg4vyp8 x_x, 
  to wreck a economy , no doubt , 
  and i still feel 62 % is low for my views xd, 
  democratic national liberal master race !, 
   miguel writes about politics and economics , from a portuguese , ** keynesian & democratic socialist perspective ** . 
   perhaps the best way for the government to create jobs would be to invest in wind and solar energy , which would reduce energy spending . 
  the role of the government in the economy should be limited to providing a working framework so that the private sector can thrive . 
  it would be best to just reduce taxes all around instead of trying to prop up one sector of the economy . 
   they have to stop spending money in imports and start consuming local products , from produce to clothing . 
  this will boost the economy too . 
  i 'll gladly buy portuguese products , provided they are as good or better than the competition . 
  what other options do we have ? 
  it 's not like we can borrow our way out of this ... and austerity should be focused on reducing excessive government spending , i disagree with the approach of trying to close the deficit by increasing taxes , in fact i think taxes should be going down to stimulate the economy . 
  when was the last year we had a budget surplus ? 
   addiction to austerity has put more than half of the population at risk of poverty . 
  what ? 
  what we 're addicted to is debt and overspending . 
  austerity is an attempt to fix that by living within our means which is our only option right now . 
  i guess for this guy alcoholics are addicted to hangovers ... we dun goofed in the past and now we 're paying for it , including the youth who had nothing to do with the reckless spending of the previous generations .
