  we ca n't afford to consume so much with what we make so we either get wealthier , cut our consumption or both . 
  we 'll have to fall before we can rise again , there 's no avoiding this . 
   i 'm portuguese and our government is completely set in eliminating the middle class for a vague claim such as this i think uat2d response is appropriate enough . 
  the government has no agenda to end the middle class , their just doing what they can to make sure we can keep honouring our debts . 
  it 's true that the choices they 've made are not the best by a longshot and that the measures they 've taken are unfortunately hurting everyone , but what other options do we have to fix our problems that do not lead to a reduction in the consuming power of portuguese families ? 
  i see none , the choice to `` eliminate the middle class '' was not made by the government but by those before it who set us up in this unfortunate position . 
   as for the matter in question , it 's quite obvious the government is burning out every option available that can allow the cronyism to endure . 
  yes , it would be nice to see them heavily slash spending on ppps , foundations and other cesspools of cronyism instead of raising taxes , liberals like me are pretty pissed at psd for not daring to actually change things . 
   when it can no longer fix things , they 'll resign , give way to the other party and further we go in this downward spiral . 
  yup , that seems about it . 
  this is what we get for keeping the ps ( d ) dichotomy alive . 
  til austerity is an anarchist master plan !, 
  [ 31 downvotes , i see the commies are out in force today celebrating the birthday of comrade stalin . 
  commie777 defending the minimum wage because he believes people are incapable of looking after their interests and need `` intellectuals '' like him to do that . 
  hope you have a fun looking at youth unemployment charts , that 's what happens when your backwards ideas are put into action . 
  the harsh truth no one wants to hear . 
  with a welfare system with increasing expenditures due to an ageing population and a shrinking tax base due to low natality then it is to be expected that will have to work more to keep our things afloat . 
   oh , tugasnake , if you ever have the time , here , this is also great . 
   been thinking about reading that for a while , i think i 'll do so this christmas , thanks !, 
   lol oh god you 're trolling right ? 
  when i troll i do n't tend to write such long posts ... what you pay for ss is not the money you 'll get when you retire , it 's what will be used to pay current and near future expenditures . 
  the ss as i said also promises more than it can accomplish and just like a ponzi scheme that works whilst the tax base is increasing , but then when it stops increasing the whole system starts to collapse and you either raise taxes or cut benefits . 
   and north and south korea ?!, 
  really ? 
  i though i was trying to have a argument with a portuguese republican for some reason , but you 're other crazy or just trolling here . 
  they 're pretty good examples of a society that allows the free market to work and another that centralizes everything on the state and the outcomes are pretty damn visible ... one has gone through massive growth and increase in quality of life and another is a hell on earth where humans have been reduced to cattle . 
   lol yes , look at the gasoline market , it 's so free and works so well and you have so much choice . 
  next year you 'll have your wish with electricity and we 'll see how brilliant it is to just leave private companies decide how much essential services should cost without and regulation . 
  look at all the taxes on gasoline and then tell me something ... competition is what drives prices down , in gasoline there is not that much competition and that coupled with taxes is why we pay so much . 
   i 'm sorry , but if you think they have any empathy , you 're blind . 
  gaspar only sees numbers , passos coelho gets a boner everytime he hears merkel 's name and relvas is just trying to make his and his friends bright future post government . 
  gaspar may be the only one that actually believes in what he is doing because he 's fanatic enough . 
  so i 'm assuming you know them personally and not just from the tv and leftist blogs ? 
   you forget that while those public servants are working they are paying taxes and contributing for the economy , while when they are unemployed they will just be a `` burden '' they 're paying taxes on income that they received from taxes , that 's like drinking your own piss . 
   if they will be better if working on the private sector then why does n't the private sector hire them ? 
  because the work market is filled with rules and bureaucracy that creates a hostile environment for hiring , specially when there are other countries in europe and the world that are far better places to invest . 
  if we got rid of the minimum wage , made it easier to fire people and reduced taxes on companies then we would have a more friendly environment and slowly more jobs would be created . 
  there 's no magic bullet to our unemployment problem but there are steps that we can take to slowly address it . 
  i know nobody wants to see wages go down but there 's clearly a lack of demand for labor and excessive supply , so that 's what will have to happen if we want unemployment to go down . 
  otherwise will just have to keep subsidizing the unemployed when they could be taking care of themselves and acquiring work experience . 
   how is the liberalized work market produces wealth to the actual workers and not just the big companies ? 
  the same way a baker produces good bread to get his money . 
  for the big companies to grow wealthy they must provide you with a quality service that you 're willing to purchase , this competition between companies for your money leads to increasingly better products for lower prices and slowly the pie grows for everyone . 
  hell , i 'm sure i live better nowadays than a ceo 100 years ago ... 
  if that 's not proof that capitalism slowly increases the quality of life of everyone then i dunno what is . 
   how many people are in non paid internships because why would companies pay someone when they can have someone working for free and then replace them every 3 moths for free ? 
  you get what you pay for . 
  a experienced employee will not sell his services for free and will have higher productivity than someone who is doing an internship . 
  on the other hand the person who is doing the internship is gaining skills that will allow them to get better jobs in the future . 
  i will agree that in some areas it 's pretty damn hard to get a legitimate job , but it 's the responsibility of each person to know what their getting themselves into . 
   self responsibility is very nice to say , if you 're really prepared to let people starve because they were `` irresponsible '' and did bad choices . 
  i 'm not ready for that kind of society . 
  there are more people starving in commanded economies than in more capitalistic ones and do n't assume that i would deny food to anyone . 
  there 's no reason why people should starve in a first world country and i would have no problems if the state stepped in to prevent that in case charity is incapable to do so . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_in_the_middle_east  christians now make up 5 % of the population , down from 20 % in the early 20th century . 
  we just do n't stand a chance against muslims when they 're a majority . 
  this could very well happen in europe if current trends continue, 
   i disagree with that , before the state put the banking retirements on the social security bill , the social security was viable for at least 30 more years . 
  now the government say it can only last for 7 more . 
  so it 's not that the program are viable in the long run ( although i can agree adjustments need to be done due to the aging population ) , but it 's the government mismanagement again of money that people paid them for their retirements , so again the government breaking the social contract . 
  ss is a ponzi scheme , when it was created the average life expectancy was much lower and the birth rate much higher , since then it has not adapted enough to our new reality and is unsustainable in the long run , with or without banking retirements . 
  you ca n't have a working ss with growing recipients whilst the tax base is shrinking . 
   like what and when for example http://i.imgur.com/zpik9.jpg besides being economically better , the free market is also morally superior since it 's based on voluntary interaction and respect for human freedom and private property . 
   and do you wan na trust your retirement and your health to the banks and private companies ? 
  especially in a monopolized economy like ours with the market *** i *** have choice , i can choose how and with whom i do business , it 's in my control . 
  the same does not apply with the state which obliges me to follow their decisions . 
   no , the leadership is elected to represent it 's electorate , they should govern on what they promise on the campaign , which is why people voted for them . 
  our government right now is going way beyond the troika 's memorandum and doing things that they promised on campaign they never would do . 
  they effectively lied to the people that elected them . 
  i can not explain why people voted constantly on the same 3parties , but the last election i 'm sure no one though these guys were gon na turn into such a psychopaths . 
  they know that they can fool the people , in the end we 're all to blame , politicians for not looking after the interest of the nation and the citizens for letting them get away with it . 
   but the last election i 'm sure no one though these guys were gon na turn into such a psychopaths . 
  their not following these policies out of a sadistic pleasure of seeing the people suffer , their following them because there 's no other way out of this crisis ... 
  it would be much easier for the government to increase social spending/decrease taxes and increase their odds of getting re-elected , but they just ca n't afford that . 
   it 's not working because it makes no sense . 
  the troika says fire 100.000 public servants . 
  the government does , and says they 'll save x amount of money , and they forget that those people do n't disappear because they were fired . 
  you also forget that to employ those 100.000 public servants you are taking from the economy so when they 're fired the government reduces it 's expenditure and can afford to cut taxes eventually , and i say eventually because tax cuts will only be feasible if we balance our accounts through spending cuts . 
  now instead of working in the private sector where they would likely be more productive they are employed by a state which can not afford them and does not have the necessary motivation to put their skills to their best use . 
  http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#disbanding_troops bastiat explains this much better than i ever could . 
   they will get unemployment , rsu maybe after that , and they wo n't pay taxes , and they will probably buy much less things and be another number for the increasing unemployment rate . 
  or maybe they will find another job and keep on with their life , we ca n't afford so many public servants and it makes no sense to keep them employed because we fear they may not find their own way . 
  you have to believe in their capacity and understand that there 's no other way ... for all intents and purposes the only thing between us and bankruptcy is the troika and we must deal with our debt crisis now rather than later since our debt is like a snow ball that just keeps growing . 
  we have a very short time frame to get our shit together before our debt reaches a unsustainable point where a default becomes inevitable ( which may have already happened , but that 's a whole other discussion ) ...  you ca n't cut all spending and cut taxes and implement austerity all at the same time because austerity causes more spending for the social security . 
  i think everyone wants spending cuts , on the actual non essential things , like the public-private partnerships , not on social safety nets . 
  not if you austerity centers around liberalizing the work market and leaving more wealth into the private sector ... 
  either way what alternatives do we have ? 
  we are broke !, 
  cutting spending is all that 's left for us to do and although i agree that we should start with non essential things of which there are plenty , there 's no doubt in my mind that social spending will also have to receive cuts . 
  the old paradigm where the state took care of us is dying and a new is being born where individual responsibility takes more relevance . 
  thanks for your input ulf karlsson , i 'll take that into consideration next time . 
   for example i would n't mind paying higher social security tax for example , if i knew i would get it back in return if i needed it one day ( unemployment , retirement , etc ) why not save that money yourself ? 
  the government is incompetent and promises more than what it can realistically guarantee . 
  with the current natality rate it is impossible to maintain social security in it 's current state . 
   but what 's the point of a citizen in portugal paying 18 % of minimum wage when he knows their safety nets and retirements are being cut substantially ? 
  exactly , there 's no point . 
  it 's best we take care of our future than to leave it up to incompetent politicians . 
   this article explains better what i 'm trying to say , but it points out some other economic growth measures such as substantial government subsidies for training and apprenticeships , research and development , manufacturing innovations , manufacturing , in general , and keeping investment in manufacturing . 
  why not just lower taxes across the board instead of subsidising certain areas selected by the government ? 
  history has shown that the private sector is better at allocating resources than the state , here in portugal we 've taken massive amounts of money from the private sector and allowed the government to have a large role in the economy and look where it has led us ... what we need is to free resources to be used by the private sector , not keep fooling ourselves believing that the state can do better than millions of individuals working in their self-interest .
