taking the above comment seriously : priceless, 
  [ muh conspiracy theories !, 
  good policies , would vote for them . 
   presumably a finn is just as much not-a-swede as a man from the congo no , just ... no . 
   there are finns and sami and svear and geats and gutnish . 
  the south part of the country used to be mainly danish until it was ethnically cleansed . 
   but an ethnic argument is pretty silly i think . 
  it is n't if you 're aware that the genetic distance between those ethnicities is far , far lower than that between those and blacks . 
  [ not if we can stop it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0d4qm7gch8 ), 
   this is rich coming from the guy who is always replying to every comment i make on reddit hardly , i do n't reply to even a tenth of all the comments i see you make . 
  i would have my hands full if i replied to all the commie trash you write . 
   uat2d is an unemployed bum who does n't want to pay taxes . 
  xddd that description !, 
   nope , it 's still absurd and ignorant . 
  do n't be so dense . 
   well , those who do n't understand history are bound to repeat it , and frankly i 'm not surprised if you in particular would have us headed down that road . 
  perhaps you should look at the history of multicultural vs homogeneous nations and see which ones fare better internally . 
  even a simple comparison between portugal and spain is enough to get an idea . 
  the different cultural groups in spain , not even being all that diverse , already cause fractions within the nation . 
  imagine what introducing people from different continents , religions will do to the long term stability of the eu . 
  also i 'm a classical liberal , i could hardly be further from nazism . 
   i 'm really too lazy to actually find you a link to wikipedia explaining what nazism is , but i suggest you go there and check it out , it 's pretty striking in similarity to your views . 
  nope , not even close . 
  just because i agree partially with some parts of nazi ideology that does n't mean i 'm a nazi myself . 
  by that logic you would be a nazi yourself because they also advocated a strong welfare state to help the less fortunate as i think you also do . 
   people like you are n't criticising islamic fundies -- you 're assuming that all dark-skinned people are islamic fundies . 
  see how much of a racist prick you are ? 
  nah did n't think so . 
  you 're assuming too much . 
  do you honestly believe that i think that all dark-skinned people are islamic fundies or that all islamic fundies are dark-skinned ? 
  for real ? 
  i chose islam because it 's a religion that is followed by both whites and blacks , so when people criticize islam it 's clear that they 're criticizing a certain culture and not a race like you seem to believe . 
   see how much of a racist prick you are ? 
  nah did n't think so . 
  see how much of a racist prick you paint others to be ? 
  nah did n't think so . 
   you know , you 're the only one who does n't want to play with the other kids/cultures . 
  i 'm an aggressor for wanting to preserve a homogeneous europe instead of embarking in a multicultural experiment just because ? 
  you know how future europeans will remember you ? 
  the same way africans remember europeans for not giving a shit when we made up countries in their continent without taking into account ethnicity and culture . 
  to this day multiculturalism in africa remains a source of strife and now you 're importing that model into europe . 
  ok ...  what else ? 
  oh boy , here we go !, 
   uat2d has stated he does n't want to pay taxes and does n't tip in restaurants ` because there 's no money ' . 
   when i think you 've reached the bottom of the soulless pit you rationalize your selfishness from , you never cease to amaze me with a new level of low . 
  good on you , uat2d . 
  the butthurt has reached epic proportions !, 
  uat2d has schooled you so much in economic matters that now you hold a grudge against him across reddit . 
  i can almost imagine you surrounded of communist posters , wearing a che shirt , fuming with rage after you 've been told by a capitalist and then swearing revenge !, 
  `` you 'll see uat2d , i 'll discredit you and your ideology one day jotinha insolente !!, 
  ! 111 '' xddd  btw , saying saramago 's mother was public property makes no sense . 
  if i say that your ass is public property do you understand it now ? 
  too soon . 
   yes it is . 
  it literally is . 
  fuck , if you say so it must be !, 
   `` anti-multiculturalism '' , as you call it , is the ideological foundation of nazism -- i 'm not even being hyperbolic here , it literally is . 
  what a load of shit !, 
  there is a wide array of people who are against multiculturalism . 
  some favour assimilation , others do n't want to bother with assimilation and defend that immigrants should come from culturally close nations to avoid any hassle , etc. ... 
  being anti-multiculturalism does not imply nazism nor even racism . 
  only leftist muppets like you would think so . 
   `` hurr durr but culture is n't race '' -- yes it is . 
  so when people criticize islamic fundies they 're not talking about their backwards culture but about their race ? 
  see how silly you sound ? 
   it does n't matter if it 's culture or race , you still believe in racial essentialism . 
  or perhaps he just believes a culturally homogeneous nation is better than a ~ ~ divided ~ ~ multicultural one . 
  i congratulated the women in my life with the ingredients they need to make me a delicious sammich !, 
   implying that old people come to / r/europe, 
  because communism morphed and survived through cultural marxism and then infected western culture whilst nazism pretty much died in wwii with no portion of it infecting common culture . 
  now a huge portion of western europeans , being influenced by cultural marxist doctrine , see communism ideals as noble and disconnect the ideology in paper from the results it had . 
  there 's a little bug called cultural marxism inside most europeans telling us that communism is n't all that bad . 
   capitalism is coming to a natural end i would n't bet on it . 
   2013  [ not belonging to the ie master race ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsq03mfv5ms ), 
  they had no business doing that . 
  none, 
  ms is not responsible for making sure that its customers know about other browsers , this is pathetic . 
   if it was ` natural ' why was it banned ? 
  as i said elsewhere it does n't matter if another power might have done the same , what matters is what did happen . 
  and what do you expect me to do ? 
  i do n't deny that slavery was wrong but i 'm not going to apologize for it nor pretend that the life of africans was n't improved by colonization . 
   good , they 're trying to amend historical wrongs . 
  what wrong ? 
  might is right , aboriginals were n't using their land as well as we can so we went there and colonized it and now australia is a far more productive place than it ever was back then . 
   indeed , keeping the population relatively ignorant was one of the chief policies of colonial countries . 
  thus the decline after decolonization is their fault . 
  yes , everything bad that happened in africa after blacks demanded freedom is the fault of evil whitey . 
  we are always keeping a brother down . 
  it 's not like they 're , on average , less intelligent than us and that 's why black societies are always shit compared to ours . 
   i did n't disregard it because it was from 4chan i disregarded it because it 's a translation ( which is problematic in itself ) of a video that is no longer available of an unspecified politician . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3hf-ggncow feel free to ask any french if the translation is correct or not  does the fact they ` realize ' this mean enslavement and colonization was fine and dandy , after all `` we were just doing it to help them ! '', 
  i never said we were just doing it to help them , of course we did it for ourselves but that does not change the fact that everyone 's life was improved in the long run thanks to colonization . 
  slavery was wrong but back then standards were different . 
  we should not be ashamed of it and much less should we parade around apologizing like we were the only ones to enslave others . 
  at least i know i would n't , but then again i 'm not a white guilt ridden fool . 
  [ it 's guile 's theme , it goes with everything ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r2bmuqezsu ), 
   we did it on a much higher scale . 
  because we where the dominant power back then , it 's only natural that we would have more slaves . 
   it may have escaped your notice but australia is completely run by the descendants of europeans while the original inhabitants face abject poverty . 
  so they did n't ` leave behind ' anything ; they built it for their own benefit and they are the ones who still mostly benefit .
