  right now they just keep going deeper and deeper into debt whilst abusing the dollar world reserve currency status , had rp been elected he would have actually fixed the budget and america would be far closer to what the founders envisioned than it currently is under obama . 
  i think the founders were very smart when they added the 2nd amendment , an armed population works as a great deterrent against tyranny and although it 's true that gun homicides are far higher you also get the cases where an old lady or a mother protects herself and her kids with a gun , or the thousands of crimes that are prevented because the criminals fear their target may be armed . 
  there are positives and negatives to having an armed populace , but overall i would say they should n't give their right to hold and bear arms away , even if they did good luck getting all those guns out of circulation ... 
  [ it 's over now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ynvtdpw.jpg ), 
  [ `` capitalism is evil , muh big nanny state will take care of me '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gauogqw.gif ), 
   having kids that i can not support is incredibly reckless . 
  top priority in life is to remain alive , eventually children are required to keep at least a portion of yourself in circulation . 
  it would be reckless to not have children , especially in an environment with such low birth rates . 
  europe needs more kids or otherwise our welfare states are going to collapse and when shit does hit the fan do n't expect someone else 's kid to pay for your retirement because they 'll be hands full with their own parents , at best you 'll get a miserable pension.this should act as enough of an incentive to have more children , just imagine how nice it will be to have your children and grandchildren looking after you in a house with a fireplace whilst outside all those who turned their backs against conservatism and embraced ultra-progressivism die a cold death alongside their degenerate ideology . 
  you 'll die thinking `` i had a good life and my kids will continue my lineage '' , they ? 
  they 'll die thinking `` i should have listened to tugasnake instead of downvoting him '' ...  having kids that i can not support i 'm sure you 'll still find it easier to support them than someone from the 19th or previous centuries or an average chinese citizen . 
  just giving your child the benefit of being born in the uk is a good start . 
  do n't be too pessimistic about and if you ever have the change do n't let it pass because you believe your not ready . 
  do heed my tips . 
  it 's not everyday that i feel this nice to give away an elixir of knowledge for free , so consider yourself lucky !, 
  i always thought it was something the internet came up with to make fun of trannies , but apparently they actually use it in the wild . 
  it 's okay turnusb , i 'm sure some other country will become desperate enough to give your ideas some thought . 
   i hope that in 11 years time , your life will be more than satisfactory . 
  i hope that you 'll be happy and that you feel you have something to live for . 
  [ check your privilege ] ( http://youtu.be/0l6yx558tss?t=3s ), 
  [ adapt and stop crying ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2bfnw4e.jpg ), 
  no , the eu is only meant for european countries and african populations . 
  let me introduce you to / r/conspiracy have fun !, 
  until you ascend to the libertarian master race do not speak about based austrian economics , you social liberal untermensch, 
  you lie !, 
  i know how you 've reported other people besides me , stop playing with my feelings ; _ ;, 
  [ you guys are getting too uppity , be content with what you have ] ( http://i.imgur.com/moyerw3.jpg ), 
  tfw ron paul will never be your leader ; _ ;, 
   i 'm serious . 
  sorry , can be tricky to know sometimes . 
   i believe in full equality between men and women . 
  i ca n't particularly get behind that , i think men and women should be treated equally but at the same time i think that people/companies should have the right to discriminate based on gender . 
  on the same token if the military believes that males are better fit for the draft they should be free to conscript only them . 
  i put more emphasis on freedom of association over gender equality , but i can understand your position , whenever possible people should be judged by their individual value and not based on gender , although in this particular case i think discriminating based on gender is acceptable since on average males tend to be better suited for military life . 
  ca n't tell if trolling or actually for real ... 
   what is it with the portuguese white supremacists in here ? 
  there 's another one besides me ? 
  oh you 're that guy who sees racism everywhere and keeps begging for people to be banned , that explains it !, 
  `` a 1996 statement by the american psychological association gave about .45 for children and about .75 during and after adolescence . 
  [ 7 ] a 2004 meta-analysis of reports in current directions in psychological science gave an overall estimate of around .85 for 18-year-olds and older . 
  [ 8 ] the new york times magazine has listed about three quarters as a figure held by the majority of studies . '', 
  [ finland does not succumb to the marxist twist of mind !, 
   it 's free for now you 're my greatest ally !, 
   why 'd you even be against a federal eu , if it 's already almost federal ? 
  many political scientists already consider eu a federal country . 
  because i believe power should be decentralized , not the opposite . 
  and we all know that even if they claim that most will still be left to the member states with time they will centralize it in brussels , just like what happened with the us . 
  we can be a perfectly successful continent without the need to federalize , the eu should be a confederation meant to foster free trade , some common projects and little more . 
   yes . 
  do i have to pay you or is that one of the many free services you provide ? 
   and here i thought eu could n't become a federation , because it 's ` cultulres were too different !, 
  it 'll never work out !, 
  there 's still enough diversity within the eu to warrant using it as one of the many reasons to be against a federalized union . 
   no , it just shows that you 're a bad person . 
  will you remind me of that every day ? 
  being genetically closer means that you 'll have more deformations in population . 
  look at jewish population . 
  they 've a big rate of deformation , because they 're ` genetically close ' . 
  yes , because it 's not like there is n't enough genetic diversity in europe , lol !, 
  dude , a population of half a million is big enough to maintain a viable gene pool , even 100k would probably be enough . 
   who do you consider ` culturally close ' ? 
  asians ? 
  spanish ? 
  italians ? 
  egyptians ? 
  which shade of skin color do you think is ` ok ' , and which is ` no-no ' ? 
  europeans are all pretty close in cultural terms , even more so nowadays with the eu and the internet . 
  and the culture you adopt is not limited by your race , you can be black and culturally portuguese for example . 
   i said that you try to say the meanest shit possible whenever there 's a problem with immigrants . 
  and your jimmies do n't like it right ? 
   yeah , fuck those highly skilled blacks !, 
  we need only whites !, 
  whites !, 
  if you can pick immigrants you might as well go with those who are genetically and culturally closer to you . 
  nothing wrong with high skilled blacks although i do n't quite believe those represent the majority of blacks who are entering sweden . 
   you 're a piece of shit of a human being , tugasnake . 
  muh feelings ; _ ; i 'm sorry that i think sweden is fucking retarded for letting a bunch of blacks come in when they have plenty of unemployed , highly qualified whites who would gladly immigrate to sweden to contribute and not be a burden . 
  it 's like going to a fire sale and picking the shittiest thing you could find . 
   racism is making presumptions based on statistics . 
  laughinggirls.jpg racism is judging someone based on their race , tell me where did uat2d do that ? 
  he mentioned swedish , which mind you , is a nationality , not a race . 
  mentioning that someone raised in sweden is n't likely to do such barbarity is not racist at all , it 's common sense . 
  i bet over 75 % of those who checked the title did n't expect someone born and raised in sweden to be responsible for this , does that make them racist ? 
  nope , unless you are very liberal about classifying people as racists ... racism is believing that swedish immigration policies are completely moronic since blacks are terrible , terrible human capital and all their going to do in sweden is increase crime rates and strain the generous welfare system they have . 
  ( i actually believe this so feel free to downvote me for being rayciss ), 
   congo is one of the most superstitious countries in the world boy , sweden sure knows where to get the best immigrants !, 
  2progressive2handl3 !, 
   in sweden , it has been stopped and the girl protected . 
  natural selection does n't even bother to go into sweden . 
  so because the moors conquered most of the iberian peninsula centuries ago that somehow means i 'm african ? 
  lol , whatever you say chief . 
   fuck , what do i do ? 
  i loled . 
  europe - what have you become ? 
   i 'm making fun of people like you . 
  and you do so because you downplay this incident as a once in a blue moon one when in reality it is common occurrence for an increasing number of brits . 
   how many muslims were in the video ? 
  an irrelevant number when compared with everyone who is acting like this . 
  you 've dedicated a reply to joke about how you think those who are against multiculturalism are being hyper reactive , how is that not downplaying ? 
  also , `` a few muslims '' .
