   * real * greek this is disrespectful , there are people whose ancestors have been living in this continent for thousands of years , you should n't expect to come here and be sad when people do n't consider you a real greek or real european after living here for a couple of years . 
  immigrants from a different race/religion are much more likely to cause trouble , on average , than an european native . 
  well , youths is an euphemism for troublesome immigrants , the sort of immigrants that should be deported since they have an overall negative impact on society . 
  as for well integrated and hard working immigrants , i have nothing against them , ca n't quite say the same about these imbeciles who attack ambulances though . 
  youths is the politically correct term for troubled immigrants . 
   ** not all cultures are of equal value ? 
  ** pretty sure some germans thought that a few decades ago when they looked at jews . 
  by that logic you have to respect the culture of the nazis , oh snap !, 
   it 's not the first time that ambulance staff are attacked while trying to help someone . 
  in amsterdam , it is already twice occurred . 
  once by a group of drunken ~ ~ youths ~ ~ immigrants who started throwing bicycles and once it was even the family of the victim . 
  fixed the article :d, 
  [ when i realised this was n't linking to an article from the onion ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l3j6n.jpg ), 
   the current crisis was solely caused by the people living above their means bullshit , i 've spoken many times against bailouts and government corruption . 
  and as for living above our means i was talking about the nation as a whole . 
  the government enabled us to have state support beyond what we could afford with our tax revenue and so even without noticing the whole nation got used to living beyond our means . 
  unlike your unsourced belief that i mostly blame the crisis on people taking loans they ca n't afford , in reality i think the government is the most responsible actor for enabling us to live in a dream to sweet to wake up from , but completely unsustainable . 
   capitalistic view typical leftist scum . 
  make sure next time you do n't come up with things that i 've never said , that makes it too easy for me to completely make you look like the fool and liar you are . 
  you must use the great teachings of left libertarianism to provide the poor with unlimited resources !, 
  be the hero portugal needs !, 
  turninfinite !, 
  i would say the biggest crime of the people up until a few years ago was inertia , voting for the same old parties even though it was clear our country was digging itself into a hole . 
  now besides that we 've got the deniers , like the person i responded to . 
  someone who believes we can go back to when credit was abudant and we could afford , as a nation , to live beyond our means . 
  someone who believes that we 're making sacrificies because passos is the devil incarnated and enjoys to see the people suffer , not because we 've made mistakes that we have to pay for now . 
  these kind of people bother me because they are detached from reality and can only critize the current government who took office in the middle of the storm . 
  granted they knew what they where getting themselves into and have made many mistakes like raising taxes , but these types who go around crying while offering no alternative solutions are n't helping either and are just flat out annoying . 
  anybody can go around claiming how much of a shitty job psd is doing while calling dumbasses to those who voted for them . 
  rockstar should do a gta in greece , it would be a perfect setting, 
   i guess the people who voted for this dumbass neoliberal party will be the ones left paying these taxes . 
  the liberal guide to reduce the deficit is to heavily cut spending whilst avoiding raising taxes , clearly the current government does not follow this recipe as they 've focusing too much on trying to increase revenue . 
  also why are you calling dumbasses to those who voted for psd ? 
  there was no way in hell we were gon na give another term to that clown from ps . 
   people have no money to spend on non-essential products , i 'm sure that will stimulate the economy a lot . 
  car sales are down 50 % or so , for example . 
  we never had as much money as we thought we had , we lived above our means and now we 're seeing a decline in consumption to realistic levels . 
  there 's no way to avoid this so it 's best you stop crying that the world stopped borrowing money to our irresponsible country and ** deal with it ** . 
  we have to learn to live with what we earn and nothing more . 
  clearly you do not know that rich people do n't work at all and anyone else can do do their jobs with ease ... / s, 
   they are a marginal fringe of the population . 
  oh , so because they 're a small subset of the population that somehow makes it right to violate their property rights and take 75 % of their money ? 
  ok ...  secondly , the point of working is already nil anyway when you earn such amount of money . 
  who are you to declare that ? 
  if someone wants to keep working for more money even after being very wealthy why should they be punished with a inhumane tax rate ? 
   third : why is it deeply wrong again ? 
  if you see nothing wrong with a marginal tax rate of 75 % then i guess slavery does n't bother you much either ? 
  granted they 're not the same thing , the rich in france have free will and unlike a slave who is forced to work for their master they will just move to someplace else where their rights are respected and success is not punished . 
  as i 've said below you 've gambled that the rich need france more than you need them , luckily they 're still plenty of countries who respect private property rights more than you so soon enough when your tax revenue actually goes down maybe you 'll learn to respect people and not treat them like cattle that you can milk for money . 
  what 's the point in working after that first million if most of your profit will go the government ? 
  think about it , 75 % going to the government and 25 % to the person who actually earned the money . 
  it 's pathetic , no matter if it starts at 1 or 10 million . 
  something is deeply wrong when most of the profit someone makes after a certain point is going to the government instead of the person itself . 
  something tells me you do n't make over 100k ... 
  shame on france for going full retard and all you parasites for actually supporting such a ridiculous marginal tax rate . 
  you do n't gamble that rich people need you more than you need them , this is only going to lead to more tax evasion and likely will cause tax revenues to drop , there is a limit to how much you can leech off of successful people before they start to rebel . 
  edit : looks like the comrades passed through this thread ... 
  it 's okay , that was n't very clear and not everyone has me tagged as a `` neo-liberal scumbag '' like i 'm sure some people have , lol . 
  50 % youth unemployment is abnormally high , what i meant is that under a free market system unemployment would n't have reached these levels . 
   free market  50 % youth unemployment pick one, 
   implying food nowadays would n't be cheaper than it was a century ago without government subsidies . 
  food is cheaper today because of technological advancements , not because the state decides to tax everyone and then subsidize a very specific part of the economy . 
  government subsidies distort the market , it 's extremely likely that without subsidies farmers would do as good or better than they do now . 
  so how much profit did those distributors have last year ? 
  i doubt they 're doing as well as a 300 % markup margin could lead someone to believe . 
  ^ this the us are no longer the beacon of free market capitalism they once were . 
   at what price ? 
  at a price cheaper than what my parents had when they were my age . 
  what sort of question is that anyways ? 
   you need it and you will pay whatever i ask you to or you will die . 
  not if next door someone is providing the same healthcare for cheaper , or if you got a quality insurance plan that is pretty affordable because there is wide competition between insurance companies . 
  it 's state intervention trough regulation that creates monopolies and pushes prices upwards to the consumer . 
  i also need to eat and drink and private companies do n't fail to meet those needs that i have , despite the fact that they are fundamental to my survival . 
   why not follow the nordic model , which has proven success ? 
  kinda hard with our political class and the fact that our population does not hold them responsible . 
  the issue in the us is lack of competition caused by excessive regulation that makes it hard to enter the healthcare sector . 
  without competition of course you ca n't have a properly working private healthcare system and will end up with a expensive system like the one they have . 
  nobody is forcing anyone into rooms that allow smoking , if this ban had passed the rights of the owner over his property would have been infringed . 
  it 's up to each owner to decide whether or not smoking is allowed in their establishments , kudos to switzerland !, 
  raise taxes ? 
  how about lowering them so that the people are able to take care of themselves instead of relying on a state which has proved to be incompetent to do that ? 
  it 's time we realise the government ca n't take better care of us than ourselves . 
  if we do n't come to that conclusion all we can expect is a ever worsening healthcare system always looking to reduce costs . 
  [ those poor little angels ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1yzmcrxh-m ), 
  in other news , spanish imports of [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s83pb.jpg ) are expected to rise as the central government struggles to keep everything together . 
  shut up , federalist pig !, 
  great britain will lead the way by leaving this rotten union !, 
  long live the sovereign nations of europe !, 
  strong through competition !, 
  * the joys of multiculturalism ... *, 
  save yourself britain !, 
  this type of austerity will not work , you can not cut state spending and increase taxation at the same time , both must be reduced together , with more emphasis on the spending . 
  by keeping such high taxes all we 're making sure is that we will have to default on our debts . 
   african people and lower iq averages correlate due to factors that have nothing to do with their ethnicity . 
  yea ... no . 
  white people succeed in every continent , black people succeed in none . 
  but you believe in whatever fantasy you want . 
   care to show those studies ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heritability_of_iq `` estimates in the academic research of the heritability of iq have varied from below 0.5 to a high of 0.9 . 
  a 1996 statement by the american psychological association gave about .45 for children and about .75 during and after adolescence .
