  not `` ah the oil needs changing '' but `` measure everything , see if something might be less than ideal '' . 
   under facebook 's fact-checking system , stories reported as fake by users will be sent to correctiv , a nonprofit news organization based in berlin . 
  if an item is deemed false , it will be marked as `` disputed , '' along with a justification for the label , and the site will warn users before they share it . 
  [ erm . 
  submarines ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/type_212_submarine ) . 
  ones that are * actually * sneaky . 
  and it 's rather pointless to compare stealth subs to us/russian nuclear subs . 
  otoh yes it 'd be * very * good to have more of them , reason is that they 're not particularly fast , thus ca n't hunt down the carriers they 're supposed to sink , they have to ambush . 
  two words : golf gte . 
  maybe if americans would actually bring their cars in for inspection they would operate as advertised . 
  it 's completely impossible to engineer a car that is both efficient * and * performant * and * does n't need to get adjusted once it 's been on the road a bit . 
  if you do n't want those inspections , get a gas guzzler or a bobby car ... or accept that it 's going to break sooner . 
  once it breaks , it 's too late for that inspection , the damage has been done . 
  read the fucking manual . 
  it 's practically impossible to attribute code to a specific contributor after some time due to things getting changed , and even if there 's problems : what are we supposed to measure ? 
  number of lines ( that 's like measuring airplanes by mass ) ? 
  number of patches ? 
  gzipped size ? 
  that said , we can still have a look at [ who contributes the most changesets ] ( https://www.linux.com/blog/top-10-developers-and-companies-contributing-linux-kernel-2015-2016 ) . 
  it 's definitely the right measure in the sense that the numbers are readily available  intel is american , red hat is a german/american joint-venture , linaro is uk , samsung korean , suse german , ibm american , renesas japanese . 
  then there 's a * very * long long tail . 
  probably , as her actual line is to `` cooperate closely within the framework of shared ideals '' . 
  such as human rights , rule of law , you know . 
  in short : she 's going to be a pain in the arse ... a maddeningly polite one . 
  both can also order the commission to draft legislation on some topic , and then amend the ever-loving shit out of it . 
  push come to shove the ep is still the strongest of them all . 
  there 's reasons why the drafting procedure makes sense , and ( imo ) more reasons why it does n't , but it is n't the democracy deficit issue people make it out to be . 
  also , for an executive the commission has * very * few actual executive powers . 
  luxembourg , at least for high percentage alcohol , that is . 
  1l of 96 % , * not * denatured costs at about 30 euro in germany , 15 in luxembourg . 
  cheapest source i know of is slovenia , 6 euros . 
  without any taxes it 'd cost about 2.50 or such in germany . 
  ... the thing is that the higher concentrated the alcohol , the more tax you pay for each ml pure alcohol ... and that even when the concentration is way too high to actually drink , you use 96 % to make your own liqueur , ending up with a max of 50 vol % or so in the end . 
  cheapest alcohol in germany is wine , btw , again because of tax reasons . 
   we annex strasbourg wholesale from germany i think it 's too late for that ... 
  that 's a good idea , given the existing building . 
  it 's a bit iffy because education is member state responsibility ( in germany , even state responsibility ) but then * one * university is not an educational system . 
  otoh ... is there a single scientific field that 's not already covered by the existing universities in strasbourg ? 
  another eu institution . 
  also , * local * strasbourg politicians would be livid to get no replacement because economical factors . 
  thing is : session cookies , as long as the user requested a session ( by e.g. 
  having an account ) never needed a warning in the first place . 
  also other concludent behaviour , like clicking on `` put in shopping cart '' ... * of course * the site is then allowed to remember that fact !, 
  the regulation was strictly intended to warn about tracking , then the brits implemented it iffily , british web publishers went on to be over-cautious , a bit later you had sites like wordpress splattering the warnings all over the place . 
   law firm yep , those are the absolute worst in these matters . 
  the french meps , or at least part of them , who would go on and decide shit without the rest . 
  it 's a bargaining chip . 
  a chip the french do n't like but that they ca n't just give away , either : chips do n't smell . 
  even though the french do n't like it they still ca n't just give up strasbourg . 
  the solution is going to be to locate some newly-founded eu institution in strasbourg to balance out the -20 hit to prestige from the loss of the parliament . 
  if we finally decide to give the defense alliance aspect of the eu some teeth they could get the equivalent of the nato headquarters or something . 
  now we need spanish expats in poland getting together and registering san escobar with the [ conifa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation_of_independent_football_associations ) . 
  of which the republic of st. pauli is not a member because of imperialistic threats by the dfb , btw . 
  which countries do you mean , certainly not norway , switzerland etc. 
  as those are party to free movement . 
  do you mean the countries [ we have free trade deals with ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) ? 
  of course , the uk could get such a thing , too , but it would be a mistake to expect preferential treatment , and an even more serious one to believe that the uk actually has weight to throw around in such negotiations . 
  in any case , say mexico is * not * in the single market . 
  best the uk could do is scrap the commonwealth together and negotiate jointly . 
  forgive me for glossing over asterisks . 
  heck , not even all of germany is in the customs union : heligoland , which is also not in the common vat area . 
  but , yes , of course , eliminating tariffs is not the sole objective , just part of it . 
  [ springer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/axel_springer_se ) and [ springer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/springer_science%2bbusiness_media ) are two completely different companies . 
  there 's a difference between membership and access : * everyone * can access the single market , modulo economic sanctions . 
  those are wto rules , the eu is a member , just like the vast vast majority of actual countries in the world . 
  as i was talking about tariffs already : the single market is also , among other things , a customs union . 
  if you 're a member , there 's no tariffs in inter-state trade , if you 're outside , the single market is a single large block of common tariffs for you . 
  there 's even whole countries which got granted completely tariff-free access , and that unilaterally so , as developmental aid , it only applies to the very poorest , iirc no north-saharan state qualifies ( do n't ask me for the name of the program , i do n't remember ) . 
  that 's , bluntly speaking , why there 's canned pineapples from dirt-poor african states in the shelves : market access plus a local canning factory ( that 's not * that * much of an investment ) is allowing small-scale farmers to move past subsistence and earn hard euros . 
  erm ... no . 
  there 's a couple of rivers going nearly all the way and then you can use a couple of round logs to haul the ships the rest of the way , but that 's it . 
  works for small wooden ships , the kaiser 's steel cannon boats ? 
  forget it . 
  and do n't contradict me here , that 's the kind of stuff you learn in sh in hsu . 
  primary school knowledge . 
  ca n't be fallschirm can it that would sensibly be written fschjg . 
  ( otoh , why do i expect the bw to make sense ), 
  adjectives before nouns , please , ordnung muss sein . 
  it was the kaiser who pushed it through , to get ships from the baltic to the north sea and back `` without being shot at by danes '' . 
  and that 's pretty much what schleswig-holstein is for the rest of the republic : a channel through a piece of land that 's just in the way . 
  as far as they are concerned the channel could just as well be wide enough to reach from flensburg to hamburg , they would n't even notice . 
  then , at least , self-applying the ointment wo n't be an issue . 
  it would be a shame for you to accrue medical debt over this . 
  i 'm quite sure dr. \u00d6sterreich still has some butthurt ointment in stock . 
  you 're right it 's not a cheese , i 'm impressed , your education system is improving and starts to compensate for your people 's handicap . 
  and it indeed is quite a stroke of luck to produce a cheese with proper taste if you ca n't tell a difference in taste between cardboard and anything , i have to give you people credit for that . 
  it 's just that more often , you 're not as lucky . 
   do n't give up though , we are still very fat i do n't know what you mean by that , i thought it was genetic ? 
  the super-size gene ? 
  brie is fancy ? 
  it 's the bottom barrel of soft mouldy cheeses . 
  5 euroons is well-aged gouda over here . 
  for 10 euro , it 'd better be some aop stuff , even if basic quality grade . 
  prime holsteiner tilsiter is about 16 euros , parmesan 22 . 
  well i bet americans would smuggle cheese too ... if and only if there was an import ban , and they were able to taste a difference between cardboard and smoked salmon . 
  well , the organic garlic i get at the actual farmer 's store is legitimately better but the chinese stuff is ... fine . 
  nothing special , nothing really to complain about either . 
  ginger is something that always seems to come from china , too . 
   in reality , it is just a sanction on their own population . 
  in actual reality , it 's a brutal , but also cheap ( for state coffers ) incentive programme for russia 's agriculture to again produce enough for the country to be self-sufficient .
