  i 'm not opposed to the free and democratic basic order , on the contrary . 
  heck , i do n't even want to abolish or change the basic law it otherwise . 
  i want to change * other * constitutions , for example article 1 of the sh one currently reads :  dat land sleswig-holsteen is een land vun de bundesrepublik d\u00fc\u00fctschland . 
  strike that and we 're good to go , the rest is details . 
  as if either rotterdam or amsterdam would ever be willing to join the hanse . 
  i think we should dissolve the federation , does that make me anti-german ? 
  actually , i do n't even care what the south does but i want out , and am willing to take any state with a coastline plus hamburg with me . 
  computing science is very much applied maths . 
  unless it happens to be more mathy than math itself , but there 's , obviously , ample of direct applications . 
  programs are executable proofs . 
  of course you 'd be fast-tracked , you 're already complying with eu regulations , after all : there 's just nothing much to do in the vast majority of accession chapters , and the rest should be easy , mostly human rights and democracy stuff for which you need to have the right institutions and laws in place . 
  grandfather in some uk law , give some civil servants a new title , pretty much done . 
  one thing you 'd have to eat is the euro , though , the eu is n't in the habit of handing out opt-outs , any more . 
  it 's not a scenario , it 's basic semiotics . 
  the question underlying a referendum now is different to the one back then , therefore , you can not use the result from then to answer the current question . 
  you could argue that they are still `` similar enough '' , but that 'd be a different argument than saying that any random answer is able to answer any random question . 
  what about the other countries and dependencies that do n't want out ? 
  is gibraltar likely to say `` in this divorce , we think we 'll stay with the scots '' or something ? 
  northern ireland i think even has a clause that allows them to join the republic just like that , which might become a very enticing option . 
   it 's perfectly reasonable for the uk to say you only get one referendum in a single decade . 
  ... assuming the circumstances do n't change fundamentally , yes . 
  which just is n't the case . 
  it 's implicit the same thing will happen as did to the refugees from the balkan wars . 
  that is , they 're going to get kicked out . 
  kids , families , all . 
  if nothing else we need to do it to re-populate syria with sane people , counteract brain-drain etc. 
  unless , and this is a factor we just ca n't know right now , things end up taking ages in syria . 
  then tons of syrians with good record ( and only those , including work history ) will have a right to ordinary naturalisation after they 've been here for eight years . 
  which is n't a trivial process on its own , mind , and also implies that they have to hand in their syrian passports . 
   discounting the fact that we already have an entire infrastructure for methane , and the added storage and compression difficulties of hydrogen . 
  we also have an infrastructure for hydrogen , 90 % of it is the same exact thing . 
  and there 's no need to compress the hydrogen any more than the methane , we 're not talking about liquifying it . 
  * do * read that fraunhofer report . 
   we can overproduce and steadily store more gas no we ca n't , not without building new pipelines that is . 
  to store co2 you want to produce something solid and stable , something that 's ideally usable as a building material . 
  also , this scheme is n't actually capturing the co2 , capturing co2 is hard . 
  they 're currently getting it from industrial processes , that is , it 's delaying the release of co2 for a tiny bit . 
  in the grand scheme of things , that 's a drop in the bucket . 
  allthewhile using methane is an efficiency loss , using hydrogen directly allows us to power more stuff for the wind ( or whatever ) capacity we have . 
  the free market , as in the theoretical model requiring perfectly informed and rational actors , in fact is impossible in practice , that 's why it 's called a theoretical model . 
  we can try to get close , though ... by regulation . 
  we may , for example , require ketchup producers to put `` contains battery acid '' on their labels if their ketchup indeed does , or , \\* gasp \\* , even outlaw it completely , depending on how likely people are to actually read labels ( hint : they are n't ) , and how toxic battery acid is . 
  that is , do n't let yourself be led astray by all these people who equate unregulated markets and free markets . 
  those people also preach inanities like trickle-down . 
  `` does this bring the markets closer to being free '' indeed * is * a very good benchmark for regulations , if and only if you understand that term correctly . 
  and i say that as a bleeding-heart leftist . 
  natural gas was n't even used at the time , yes of course it 's challenging but it 'd be at least equally stupid to keep using methane when all the gas we 're producing is pure hydrogen , and the safety concerns do n't really differ from methane . 
  both explode . 
  main difference is that hydrogen atoms , small buggers as they are , like to seep through unsuitable materials . 
  and such a switch-over has already been done -- in the opposite direction . 
  as i said elsewhere : it 's a topic we can worry about in the future , and it 's mostly a thing of energy efficiency . 
  the burners on the consumer side are incompatible . 
  the pipelines themselves are perfectly capable of containing pure hydrogen , the network started out with pure hydrogen ages ago when we still gasified coal and they never downgraded the material quality . 
  at least that 's what fraunhofer is saying . 
  binding the co2 in methane is n't useful for carbon reduction as it 's set free once you burn the methane , again . 
  it 's a zero-sum game . 
  and we might be able to gradually switch in the sense of operating different segments of the network with different gasses , putting the methane synthesisers at intersection points . 
  the point is to pump a h2 + methane mixture into the existing pipeline network , where it can happily coexist with the natural gas already in there . 
  ideally , the methane would n't be necessary but phasing that out would require replacing all the burners on the consumer side , we ca n't do that before we 've gotten rid of fossil gas altogether . 
  the pipelines already can deal with pure hydrogen , in fact , the network did start out as a pure hydrogen one . 
  or maybe some methane content will stay because of biogas , let 's see how things look 20 , 30 years from now . 
  the consumers are actually to a large degree private : there 's lots of gas heating systems in germany . 
  gas stoves are n't as common as they once were but they 're still a factor . 
  as to leaks : we already avoid those like the plague , as they tend to lead to explosions . 
  [ fraunhofer did a report on it ] ( http://www.greenpeace-energy.de/fileadmin/docs/sonstiges/greenpeace_energy_gutachten_windgas_fraunhofer_sterner.pdf ) , and then there 's always [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/power-to-gas ), 
  [ page 18 ( 20 in pdf ) ] ( http://www.greenpeace-energy.de/fileadmin/docs/sonstiges/greenpeace_energy_gutachten_windgas_fraunhofer_sterner.pdf ) . 
  at some point we 'll want to get rid of the additional loss that hydrogen to methane conversion entails and the pipelines could even deal with that as they are , but all the burners at the consumer side would have to be replaced . 
  the methane is just to replicate the makeup of natural gas . 
  thermal solar is dirt-cheap if you use it for heating , though . 
  yep . 
  things like an ancient fridge are the much more likely culprit . 
  there 's really no excuse to not get a new one , depending on how fancy you want it to be they can amortise in about a year . 
   gas and oil do the heavy lifting in our society and assuming when want to electrify them at some point , we 're going to need a massive increase in dispatchable power . 
  in germany we 're bound to not switch , there ( unless it 's to district heating ) as the gas pipelines are our only viable solution for long-term storage . 
  they can store months worth of total energy consumption and we can keep the old infrastructure , including all those gas plants which are very useful when it comes to stabilising net frequency . 
  the gas is going to come from superfluous wind power , industrial-scale prototype electricity + water -  hydrogen , hydrogen + co2 -  methane synthesisers are already online . 
  round-trip efficiency is n't good , otoh storage losses are negligible , and with more and more of the baseload being covered by wind we 're going to have even more insane peak production than we have now . 
   let 's be one nation there was no `` let 's be '' in that , in the sense that that implies that before , east and west were different nations . 
  both states considered citizens of the other as citizens !, 
  the west more than the east but that 's again political . 
  all you had to do to get a west german passport was to hand in a photo and request it like every other citizen , to get an east german passport you had to go through re-education first . 
  you need to already have delivered a game that would be fundable to be eligible for funds so no it does n't work for jump-starting . 
  it 's a nice way to get money to invest in a second , bigger , project , though and it 's probably exactly what the eu wants : raise production quality / scope of projects so that they 're more competitive on the cultural export market . 
  and yes to get funding your game has to be significantly different from the mainstream to be a proper cultural export . 
  better yet , [ the thing is open source ] ( https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/software/eusurvey/description ) . 
  joinup btw sucks , at least from a user 's perspective . 
  incredibly hard to find something if you do n't know what you 're looking for and a gazillion of other usability issues . 
  i mean they managed to make it worse than sourceforge , that 's kind of an achievement . 
  in particular , [ quoth the guidelines for applying for funds ] ( https://eacea.ec.europa.eu/creative-europe/funding/development-video-games_en ) :  the media sub-programme supports european production companies with proven experience interested in developing a video game concept or project presenting :  * high level of originality , innovative and creative value , cultural diversity and enhanced europe 's cultural identity and heritage compared to existing mainstream works  * high level of commercial ambition and extensive cross-border potential able to reach european and international markets, 
  adoption should count in these kinds of schemes . 
   who will invest in africa ? 
  it 's not about money so much as knowledge . 
  including re-applying traditional knowledge that got lost because farmers started to rely on fertilisers , pesticides and barely-if-even rotating cash crops . 
  there 's a lot of low-tech -- as in `` doable with a spade and muscles '' , not `` never has seen modern science '' -- techniques that can raise agricultural outputs by a magnitude . 
  from proper water and soil fertility management to [ schemes like these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/push%e2%80%93pull_agricultural_pest_management ) . 
  funding such research should be on the top of the list . 
  productive agriculture does n't need to be capital-intensive . 
  lastly , though , the rest of the world is n't quite blameless when it comes to the current agricultural situation in africa and i 'm not talking about colonialism : global warming is messing with established techniques , changing weather patterns fuck up with traditional crops and make harvests fail . 
  adapting to that is of course possible , same solution as above . 
  once thing africa could * really * use monetary investment in are two specific things : storage capacity , as after-harvest losses are atrocious , as well as export capacity .
