well ... graduates in islamic theology from german universities have a hard time finding jobs as imam , also because their education is mostly academic ( that is , pastoral work falls short ) but i 'd say more so because turkish state mosques here always import their imams . 
  theology-wise they 're more than educated , though . 
  so this might actually be a happy accident : the syrians fill the lack of demand that the creation of a german islam is currently facing . 
  when i think of `` british anthem '' i actually [ think of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgd9nyqvz2s ) . 
  [ you people need bernd and make a proper night loop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a-jvvzao4k ) . 
  another fun fact is that both hymns -- the music , that is -- are compatible with each other 's text , to the point where you can pick and choose both melody and text at will , pretty much rhyme by rhyme . 
  you call that a hymn . 
  [ this is a hymn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arxxw7vjhhs ) . 
  ... we only need to remove all that anti-danish sentiment from the text . 
  also , make it the actual hymn , which it is n't , because see the previous sentence . 
  [ or try this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm909zgscpw ) . 
  are you fucking kidding us . 
  that exists in two different ways in germany : first the so-called lifelong sentence which can be paroled after 15 years ( average 17-20 ) or , in cases with `` especially grave guilt '' , 20 years ( average 23-25 ) . 
  that applies to murder and comparable crimes ( such as rape causing death , but not mere manslaughter ) . 
  a couple of people actually die in prison , but that 's rare . 
  all raf terrorists , for example , are out by now , and of course all those people who killed their spouses , people do n't tend to do that twice . 
  then there 's preventive custody , applied to violent criminals with a psychological pattern that would make them likely to re-offend in similar ways . 
  that 's not a punishment as such , it only starts after the ordinary jail time is over and is supposed to grant them as much freedom as possible while still having them securely locked away . 
  institutions for that do n't yet look as they should , you could imagine the ideal being a small village with a big guarded fence around it , and guards doubling as social workers keeping an eye on otherwise normal citizens going about whatever they go on about . 
  in a nutshell : an asylum for the not criminally insane , that is , those capable of a guilty mind but not , as projected , change of character . 
  you can get out , but you 're going to have to convince a panel of experts that you wo n't actually re-offend . 
  forced medication if not indicated by medical need ( i.e. 
  they are an * immediate * danger to themselves or others that ca n't be remedied otherwise ) falls under torture . 
  you ca n't force people to take up treatment , if nothing else it 's going to be ineffective then , anyway . 
  the general idea of prisons nowadays is to get them into a rut by repeating days until they yearn for something * new * ... which dealing with their shit usually is . 
  that failing , they at least have a sleep/eat/work / eat/work/eat / rest/sleep cycle ingrained which helps to keep them on track once outside . 
  you do n't get out of prison and not wake up on your own at 6am . 
   history has shown plenty of corrupt and biased judges . 
  at least we can nail those for perversion of justice , though . 
  there 's no recourse at all against a jury trying to lynch you . 
  the diversity of the jury you describe also sounds like it being drafted from a diverse city . 
  in bumfuck , tx , things can easily look rather differently . 
  in ordinary criminal cases we have lay judges , here , usually 2 lay judges , one professional , with equal vote and power in the court room . 
  they get a crash-course in procedural and criminal law , then serve a one-year term . 
  they provide the real-life knowledge that our irredeemably academical judges may lack , otoh : yes , they can be nailed for perversion of justice . 
  teachers are definitely over-represented among lay judges , those just like to volunteer more than other groups . 
  municipal parliaments draw up a list of suitable people , the courts then elect from those . 
  technically people can get drafted but practically that happens even less often than being drafted for the fire department , which already happens approximately never . 
  ( election helpers are generally 90 % drafted : the municipalities just straight-up draft municipal employees . 
  strange , but that 's like it is . 
  i digress , i digress ), 
   and then there are countries that have it in a limited form like germany . 
  we have lay judges , which technically can be drafted but in practice courts posts ads in newspapers when they run short on volunteers . 
  the municipalities collect a list , the courts then elect from that . 
  lots and lots of teachers among them . 
  they sit behind the bench just like professional judges , and have equal voice in the verdict and everything else . 
  the usual formula is two lay judges , one professional , needing 2/3rds majority -- yes the lays can , in principle , completely side-line the professional . 
  one crucial difference is that they can be nailed for perversion of justice just as professional judges can , juries are generally immune to that . 
   it would take ages for the dough to dissolve never mind the whole dough , mind the crust . 
  crisp on the outside , soggy on the inside , then proper crumb . 
  the problem is that the surface seals quite quickly , that water is n't going to go anywhere but boils the inside of the crust into porridge , taking all the holes with it . 
  steam usually helps with that as it keeps the outside humid and permeable but lye crust is not your normal bread crust . 
  also , with a home oven you ca n't really get enough steam in the little time a roll needs to bake . 
   the local pharmacy pretended they were n't allowed to sell me some naoh pharmacies are hit and miss with such things . 
  one would n't sell me propylene glycol ( well , ok , i 'll just order a 10l canister online , then ... ) , i boycott them now . 
  another one first was sceptical about selling 96 % ethanol citing flammability , but completely changed their mind once i told them that i only needed a measly 10ml . 
  funnily enough , naoh was never a problem , i just got asked what for and then got an impromptu safety exam . 
  i 'd say that will either get them soggy or not result in enough browning , but then that again depends on how wet the dough is in the first place . 
  as such ... it depends on the leavening process . 
  ... whether that ends up being edible is another question . 
  what 's interesting here is that things made with the usual ersatz -- boiling na \u2082 co \u2083 solution -- does n't even begin to be laugengeb\u00e4ck . 
  and so are your brezel ( morally ) if they do n't turn out properly !, 
  ( i just nerded out completely , did n't i ), 
  oh but * of course * it is a democracy . 
  a [ british democracy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmovewtdycs ) . 
  also , while i 'm at it , [ why the uk is in the eu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvyqb0utkle ) . 
  in a somewhat similar vein , schw\u00e4bisch gm\u00fcnd was looking for a name for a new street tunnel and bud spencer fans piled on it , given his connection to the city . 
  the city council did n't really like it ... and instead re-named an existing swimming hall to his honour . 
  which actually is way more fitting because , well , he 's a former olympic swimmer , not a tunnel engineer . 
  and stromberg is nothing like the original the office . 
  yep . 
  `` wasser '' is the common `` w '' to germans , the `` w '' in `` water '' would be rendered in german spelling as , approximately , `` uater '' . 
  it 's a double-u , not double-v . 
  laugengeb\u00e4ck is the taxonomic group encompassing everything from bretzel and k\u00fcmmelstangen to salzstangen and fussballbr\u00f6tchen and whatnot . 
  the common property is that they 're dipped in a ~ 7-10 % naoh solution before baking , as base environments greatly accelerate maillard reactions . 
  alas , unidan 's copypasta is n't appropriate for a pars pro toto situation , so i 'm going to let you get off lightly here . 
  it 's ok , just admit that you are wrong . 
  new reactors are n't cost-effective . 
  the uk had to hand out feed-in tariffs before anyone would build one . 
  and that is * even though * they still do n't need to pay market rates for their insurance . 
  so , what would you rather subsidise : nuclear or those renewables who have n't yet grown out of it ? 
  ( wind , btw , in many places has ) . 
  the [ cultural commons collecting society ] ( https://www.c3s.cc/en/ ) , a gema alternative currently in the startup phase . 
   are you saying gema should n't be able to demand money from youtube that , in fact , is the law , this deal is about youtube * voluntarily * giving them money . 
  it 's the channel operators , not youtube , who owe the gema money as they , not youtube , are the publishers . 
   a state enabled private monopoly , which is something that just should n't exist . 
  court-enabled , actually , there 's no law at all about it . 
  and the situation will change quickly once the c3s takes off , which it is almost guaranteed to do . 
  btw , if you 're wondering why the gema has the clusterfuck of an internal structure that it has : it was funded by the nazis , according to their principles , and never reformed . 
   but for some reason ( if i understand correctly ! ), 
  this is not the solution that was chosen . 
  the `` some reason '' is the history of those clauses , and that 's post-colonial relations , a completely different situation than a treaty between states which both have sane legal systems . 
  as a rule , the us never loses isds disputes no matter what they do . 
  those mercantile fucks perfected the art of abusing the ever-loving shit out of the thing . 
  italy gets quite some cake by having the language-neutral names of everything be in latin . 
  what ? 
  there 's some incredibly old stuff in japan , thing is : it 's earthquake resistant . 
  for one because they 've been building for resistance for quite some while indeed , secondly because those buildings just plainly would n't exist any more if they were n't resistant . 
  eh , we 're no less hygge than our danish minority . 
  i 'd say it depends on the concrete people in question .
