  also , it 's cheaper . 
  depending on the exact type of renewable either directly , or after you factor in that nuclear gets their insurance subsidised by the state ... if they did n't do that there would be no nuclear anywhere because current state regulation is * nothing * against the regulation private insurance would impose to get anywhere close to affordable premiums , if they would even be willing to offer insurance at all . 
  insurances do n't like to bankrupt themselves over a single payout . 
  nope , the eu ca n't kick members out . 
  it can suspend membership , though , which aside from slight differences in tone mostly amounts to the same thing . 
  main practical difference is that a state would n't have to go through the whole accession process to re-gain rights . 
  there 's hardly any need to , france ( and belgium ) are aware of that fact : the banlieus were a mistake . 
  and if you were to point it out to the french , they would n't call you delusional , either . 
   it is not meant to be published ... only to be leaked . 
  how do combustion engines deal with heat ? 
  the engine . 
  a very , very small space pretty much anywhere you like . 
  and now go troll somewhere else . 
  really , you failed . 
   file : / / / c : / users/id006720/downloads / 005 _ - _ advanced_services_slide_deck . pdf are you fucking kidding me and you 're talking about tech topics . 
  be less obvious . 
   since there is no way to have the computing power onboard of a car required to work safely . 
  you 're either trolling or completely clueless . 
   my mobile provider gives me 13ms ping where bloody to . 
  also , that is n't 1ms , also , i never talked about wireless in particular ( heck signals there propagate just as fast as over copper or fibre ) , but * packet switched networks * . 
   this statement shows that you have absolutely no knowledge on the development of the technology and the actual status of the telcos infrastructure . 
  the bullshit already started years ago , and yes that 's when the telcos started the move over . 
  meanwhile , though , my dsl modem still connects via atm . 
  and nothing about what you say changes the fact that packet-switched networks are n't suited to give high qos guarantees . 
  there 's no such thing as `` an internet '' , there 's only `` the internet '' . 
  the system could in principle be used to carry internet traffic on its spare capacity -- same as practically all telephone networks do . 
  but that does n't make those networks * the * internet . 
  it would be quite high-latency as the network is rather unreliable ( aforementioned changing network topologies ) . 
  you can discriminate against internet traffic , however , you ca n't discriminate * within * the internet . 
  that 's what the neutrality is about : google buys itself internet access , reddit buys itself internet access , customer buys internet access , everyone is treated alike : which is different than calling reddit hq , then you have a prioritised line with quite some guaranteed quality of service . 
  without this fundamental principle -- that the internet provides fair many-to-many connectivity , not dedicated lines -- the internet as we know it would n't exist . 
  google would not have had the funds to actually start up as yahoo back then could easily outspend it . 
  then , too , you should n't take a detour via the internet , you 'd use direct car-car communication . 
  you can even build a mesh network out of that , i actually recall reading a gnunet-related paper that talked about robustness of data transfer in the presence of such highly variable network topologies . 
  [ and tetra is beautiful in about every manner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrestrial_trunked_radio ) . 
  only shortcoming is relatively low bandwidth because it 's not exactly the newest standard , but then high-bandwidth applications do n't tend to need hard latency guarantees . 
   how do you expect me to guarantee 1ms delay for a service that deals with medical operation over youtube streaming ? 
  not at all . 
  such applications do n't belong on the internet . 
  it is just not built for it , * no * packet-based network is built for it : even if you build an ip network completely separate from the internet you wo n't be able to reliably guarantee that ( though nobody would argue net neutrality , then ) . 
  you need a virtual-circuit one to actually guarantee such high qos targets , and , lo and behold , we actually do have such a thing : it 's called [ atm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asynchronous_transfer_mode ) . 
  it 's rather trivial to have such qos over isdn : just call the bloody phone number of the other side , a virtual channel with guaranteed bandwidth and latency is created -- no over-provisioning , no nothing . 
  in principle , the same thing can be done by dsl modems , too . 
  this whole bullshit is caused by the telcos attempting to replace their infrastructure with ip-based technologies and ethernet . 
  yes , you can get it off the shelf everywhere ... but it is just not suited for being a backbone for these kinds of applications . 
  is n't , wo n't ever be . 
  for most of them , it probably works just like with any other uk citizen . 
  the queen , though , does n't even have a passport . 
  as a uk passport is a document issued by ( or usually , in the name of ) the queen to certify your identity she does n't really have a need for it . 
  if you want her to certify that she 's the queen , just ask her !, 
  ... also , it would be strange for the queen to certify herself as a subject of herself . 
  does n't make much sense . 
   it 's creepy having a huge database that any local government employee and his dog can look at . 
  there 's no such thing in germany , the registries are on a municipal level and unconnected . 
  only semi-automatic data exchange there is is the municipality you move to telling the municipality you moved from that it 'd be a good idea to delete your record . 
  also , we do n't like censuses over here in germany exactly * because * that means rolling the whole population into a single data set . 
  they had to make the last one a randomised statistical check against the municipal records as it was a ) overdue and b ) faced enormous resistance from the population . 
  meanwhile ... what about say your tax office 's registry ? 
  you mean they filmed her enthusiastic consent to everything but pussy-slapping which was indeed stopped as soon as she said `` no '' . 
  there 's not even a paragraph about rape as-such : there 's only sexual coercion , which can be aggravated by either a ) involving multiple attackers or b ) involving penetration of the body . 
  in the latter case , the thing can be called rape . 
  hence , yes , rape in german law implies coercion . 
  there 's other paragraphs for other cases : [ stgb 179 ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1578 ) , which never mentions `` rape '' , for example , is responsible for covering people incapable of resistance . 
  the new version adds `` surprise '' to that which is a very good thing . 
  and ( unlike some people are claiming ) it 's not even badly delineated : it 's not going to be applied to cases such as getting groped by surprise by your so while cooking ( who does n't like that ) because that hardly , if ever , can be considered `` abuse '' . 
   he 's a federal judge , is n't he ? 
  he 's presiding judge of the 2nd criminal senate of the [ bgh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_court_of_justice ) , the highest ordinary court in germany . 
   in one of his commentaries he went on to insult women and what appeared to be ridiculing victims of sexual assault -- only to claim in a later text that it was meant ironically ( ' i was only acting dumb ' ) . 
  [ citation needed ] yes his writing style often contains polemics , i do n't doubt that people can * find * offence . 
   they splintered and lost a lot of personnell . 
  ... none of which will be missed as those people generally did n't do much if any work in the first place . 
  the berlin fraction completely dismantled itself as it consisted mostly out of people who preferred vendettas and drama over actual work , in other states the fractions are still going strong and doing good work ... which does n't get reflected in polls , though , berlin pulled everyone down . 
  otoh , campaigning in the respective states has n't yet begun , though . 
  if done right the pirates may very well rebound in states that are n't berlin . 
   in high german yeah allemannic , alongside with bavarian , is a high german . 
  have some food for thought : when 3sat broadcasts swiss news , they 're subtitling what , at least in theory , should be standard german ... but in reality is just slightly less incomprehensible mundart . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with mundart !, 
  i myself generally also speak in a well-rounded missingsch , not standard german . 
  however , i can switch to tagesschau -- in * both * accent and grammar -- on the fly . 
  your usual bavarian or swabian ca n't do the accent part either , however , unlike with the swiss they a ) get the grammar right and b ) the accent is n't so bad as to warrant subtitles . 
  for the anglophones : did you see the movie `` snatch '' ? 
  we need subtitles to understand the swiss for about exactly the same reason you need subtitles , there . 
  the eu publishes a lot ( all ? ), 
  of the software it develops or lets develop under eupl ... in fact , that 's one of the main reason that license exists in the first place . 
  eh , 15 % is still higher than ireland , and not really the same as getting rid of it . 
  for the germans : [ we have a similar thing ] ( http://www.bpb.de/ ) . 
  that 's why you take random samples . 
  1000 people generally are enough for a representative sample , if you do n't believe that take it up with a statistician . 
  [ or play around with this ] ( http://www.raosoft.com/samplesize.html ) . 
  28 countries times 1000 people are 28,000 , the sample size is 27,969 ... eh , close enough . 
  which , btw , is also why brits are so scared of the word `` federalisation '' : because you people do n't bloody know what a federation * is * , thinking that westminster would become a parliament devolved from brussels . 
  there 's such a thing called subsidiarity and the eu is very keen on it . 
  how the uk organises itself , including whether its countries have the power to sign international treaties ( not at all , with ok from westminster , freely ) is * not * a thing the eu will ever involve itself in ... as long as stuff is democratic and even then the utmost the eu can do is to suspend membership . 
  what they 're doing right now is something completely different , and very much within established norms : receive local politicians , answer their questions . 
  technically , no , practically , yes . 
  it is illegal to deny crimes against humanity committed by the nazis . 
  thus , we have two possibilities : * the holocaust happened , and denying it is illegal * the holocaust did n't happen , and denying it is legal which one of those two actually applies is decided before court , and in case you 're going to find yourself defending the second point , you 're going to be torn to shreds by actual historians who , unlike you , have an actual argument . 
  thus , in practice , it 's illegal ... but only because it actually happened . 
  further note : `` denial '' here means `` false statement of fact '' . 
  if what you 're saying is not a statement of fact , but , say `` i ca n't believe people can do such stuff '' , that 's not denial .
