  `` ever closer x '' does not mean `` we 're becoming y '' but that x is deepened . 
  you 're aware that you 're just calling the french right , are you ? 
  germany actually also conditioned monetary union on a fiscal union exactly because of the problems we see now . 
  now otoh france wanted to make sure that a unified germany stays firmly tied to the west , or more precisely france , and made monetary union a condition for their signature under the 2 +4 treaty ( remember : france back then still technically co-occupied germany ) . 
  what germany * did * get out of that was to be able to very much dictate the shape of the euro ... strong , independent , central bank with a mandate to price stability above all , just like the mark , from which it would , and did , inherit its status as reserve currency . 
  and in that regard the euro is a complete success : it 's more stable than the mark ever was . 
  yeah , but you should n't be too worried because they ca n't produce it on their own , or build upon it . 
  they can do all the associated manufacturing , but not the development . 
  the problem is not only their education system which is both corrupt and stifles creativity , they 're also completely perplexed by e.g. 
  how german mid-sized companies are managed , with , to borrow from the bundeswehr , tons of auftragstaktik . 
  unlike the yanks the chinese ( japanese , too ) have the sense to just let those companies do their thing , though . 
  i 've seen a couple of companies getting bought by americans and then get micro-managed into oblivion , not to mention all the employees alienated because the new management does n't consider co-determination a thing they actually have to follow . 
  well the csu actually in principle might but that 'd be the day that the cdu establishes a regional chapter in bavaria . 
  when it comes to the csu , the cdu * always * has the nuclear option . 
   they only changed their mind when they could n't send them back to greece and hungary due to no one accepting them , and the humanitarian issues involved . 
  well , they actually did n't the courts changed it for them . 
  the government lost deportation after deportation case , then said `` well it might not be that sensible to continue to try '' . 
  there 's an `` ge - '' too much in there to be any kind of lovely . 
  the csu and greens also wo n't be happy with each other . 
  those are , after all , the federal greens , not the ones that rule bw . 
  that 's because we introduced civil unions at a very early time -- which by now the constitutional court made equal ( modulo name ) to marriage in all regards but the requirement that spouses need to adopt kids serially , ca n't do it jointly , the court just did n't have the right case on their bench to rule about that aspect . 
  the thing with civil unions is that there was virtually no opposition , as the distinction to marriage kept literally everyone in the churches happy . 
  otoh , as said all those steps towards equality were done by the constitutional court , the government did n't do it because it was cdu . 
  it 's probably not even a majority thing , there , but they need to keep their own paleo-conservatives from rebelling . 
  personally i think civil unions should be made a thing of civil law ( notary required ) and made available to anyone , the term `` marriage '' , which the constitution grants special protection , then reserved for such unions notarised and/or blessed by public-law churches / worldview organisations , which means as much as `` a significant amount of people and tradition approve of this ( type of ) union '' . 
  that would allow the regime as far as law is concerned to become nicely liberal while at the same time throwing the churches a bone as they * finally * will be able to actually marry people , again ( right now they only do ceremonies , the actual marriage happens at the registry office ) . 
  gay folks would still need to go window-shopping when they want to get a christian marriage -- and forget it when you 're catholic . 
  lutheran should be comparatively easy , though , among lutherans the question is whether the same ceremony and blessing that gay folks get can , theologically speaking , count as marriage . 
  that is , it 's all metaphysical distinctions , not particularly heated because marriage is n't a sacrament and individual lutheran churches not even giving blessings are very rare . 
  poly folks , now that 's where it would get interesting . 
  i have a * massive * amount of reservations concerning cem 's cultural background . 
  nothing good but sp\u00e4tzle ever came out of swabia . 
  we 're going to build a bridge to scotland and make the english pay for it !, 
   basically , there 's reason to believe that pg can cause hearing issues so can ringer solution . 
  yet that stuff even gets * injected * into people 's blood stream !, 
  regularly !, 
  ... it might just be that the same thing in a different context is dealt with completely differently by the body . 
   at least i 'd like to see a study about vaping specifically before completely dismissing the whole idea . 
  all we have now is an anecdote from one person with pre-existing ear problems who also just happens to have done quite a bit of flying at the time plus jetlag . 
  all of which can mess with your hearing . 
  coincedences bloody happen . 
  if this was an actual problem , there 'd be more cases . 
   but riding the `` e-cigs are completely safe '' - train seems a bit silly when there has n't been much research done . 
  of course it is n't , life itself is dangerous for your health . 
  it 's still open whether vaping in the countryside might not even be healthier than not vaping in the city , though , and what you are doing is spinning anecdotes into alarmism , scaring people away from vaping that might still be smoking . 
  who might have switched , had you not extrapolated things in a manner that no scientist would even consider a worthwhile lead . 
  snuff and snus are n't the same thing , snuff is powder you suck into your nose , snus is a packet of tobacco you keep in your mouth . 
  and yes snuff is legal all over the eu . 
  vg also has its critics . 
  heck , the * water * itself is able to irritate your respiratory system . 
  then there 's all those people confusing smoking cessation symptoms ( which can come e.g. 
  with sore spots in the mucus membranes , especially when irritated by stuff -- yes , all of pg , vg and water do that ) with pg allergy ( because they read it somewhere ) , but happily continue to use ordinary toothpaste , which is full of pg . 
  if you have a pg allergy you know it before starting to vape . 
   and this agent in various concentrations was instilled into the middle ear of guinea pigs no shit that can hurt the ear , the ear drum is n't really a good defense against liquids that do n't belong into the middle ear . 
  which is a completely different scenario than having something in your respiratory system ... at least for people without pre-existing conditions , which is what op seemed to have had , there . 
  the fuck do you have that from . 
  short of nicotine , e-liquid is the same basic stuff as in fog machines or aroma dispensers shops use to steer customers ... just usually in pharmaceutical quality ( pg , vg and nic ) / food quality ( aroma ) . 
  they did a study on nicotine exposure , what they came up with is that cohabiting with a heavy vaper amounted to a daily nicotine exposure equivalent to eating two tomatoes . 
  legal in germany . 
  courts very sensibly decided that it 's not smoking ( after all , there 's no smoke ) so the smoking bans ( those are state law , btw , not federal ) do n't apply . 
  introducing such bans would probably not be constitutional as they have to show harm first , be proportional in their response ... * and fair * : if you ban vaping , you 'd have to write the regulation such that it also applies to fog machines ( which , btw , generally use much shoddier quality for their liquid ) as well as those aroma bombs that shops like to use . 
  domiciliary right of course still applies , though : individual places can still ban it . 
  deutsche bahn in fact does so in all their trains ( outside of smoker 's compartments ) , which probably even is sensible as when smokers see clouds , they might be getting ideas . 
  ten horses could n't pull me into one of those compartments , though . 
  that 's why i carry snuff with me , now that it 's more of a habit than an addiction that 's more than enough to scratch an itch . 
  yep . 
  snuff is legal all over the place , though . 
  the problem with those replacements is that they do n't carry the sensatory aspect over , if you 're trying to quit cigarettes with snuff the amount you need during maoi withdrawal ( snuff just contains much less of it ) is impossible to consume . 
  meanwhile , finland also has some of the strictest e-cig laws in the eu . 
  fun fact : snuff manufacturers won a case against the eu regarding the requirement to print `` gives you cancer '' on the packages , reason being that the eu could n't cite a single study actually even coming close to showing so . 
  especially as they 're also one of the worst countries in the eu when it comes to e-cigarette laws . 
  without having an alternative available * that actually works for people * , all they 're going to do is subsidise the black market . 
  iraq may have lost that war but the us still did n't win . 
  if you ask me we should make civil union the default thing for everyone and also open to poly folks ( now * that * will ruffle feathers ) , and make it a thing you do at the notary . 
  just a special kind of contract that , due to its far-reaching consequences , needs a notary . 
  otoh keep the `` marriage '' special name for such unions done by one of the public-law churches ( including e.g. 
  humanists if they choose ) . 
  that fulfills the special protection of the term marriage that the constitution wants to have ( the really only awkward bit about the first articles ) : if it 's called `` marriage '' then it 's of a form that a sufficiently large and established religious and/or world-view organisation supports , that is , can be said to have the backing of society , not just law . 
  have a `` marriage notary '' qualification for that that allows you to be notary for exactly that one thing ( how many priests want to be notary for real estate deals ? ), 
  that literally throws a bone to everyone : the thing is made more liberal by making marriage a civic contract , otoh the old churches * finally * get to do legally binding marriages themselves , again . 
  the reason germany is behind with gay marriage is because we were one of the first to have gay civil unions . 
  ... which , btw , are almost completely the same as marriage now , short of name , and the fact that they have to adopt a kid in series , ca n't do it jointly . 
  the latter part is a legal detail the constitutional court just did n't have the chance to rectify , yet . 
  whether the name thing is worth getting your underwear into a twist over is debatable from the lgb side , and , well , it 's keeping the conservatives well-placated : civil unions just do n't have ( relevant ) enemies . 
  that 's quite typically german ( consensus society , even if it 's a compromise ) . 
  holocaust ? 
  i ca n't fathom how you ended up there . 
  i 'm talking about `` targeted '' killings . 
  you can use those bones for broth and sauce so in a sense it 's wasted food . 
  mussel shells , no . 
  it may be a wasted resource but not food . 
  whether the soup is worth the energy in the grand scheme of things ... ask someone else . 
  at least it 's darn good broth . 
  as to `` how '' , [ this `` how not to '' article probably describes it best ] ( http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/common-mistakes/article/common-mistakes-bone-broth ) . 
  state attorneys are already bracing for the incoming criminal complaints . 
  while nowhere as bad as bush , it 's generally not a great idea to visit germany as someone who can be legitimately accused of crimes of war without having diplomatic immunity . 
  if i were him , i 'd wait until a possible arrest warrant has been ruled upon . 
  what car technicians say is what makes me think that . 
  also the fact that you complain about vw being unreliable ... also : * inspection * . 
  not service .
