  bonus points if they did n't have to remind you that they exist . 
  the uk has a * vastly * different self-image and thus approach and standards . 
  both are throwing their weight around . 
  if you look at the german autobahn network , you 'll notice that they actually coincide with the paths the travelling kings took during the middle ages . 
  the kings would take some good route from city a to city b , along those paths taverns would crop up , then those taverns turned into new cities etc. 
  quoth the article :  belgian prime minister charles michel told broadcaster rtl by phone : `` initial indications very clearly point towards terrorism . '', 
  there 's no mention of `` mentally lone wolf '' , and there 's no such a thing as an attempt by the media to obscure motives . 
  because , you know , if there were we would n't be seeing such a broad spread . 
  y' all motherfuckers are just pissed that the guy in munich was so well-integrated that he actually managed to be a nazi . 
  or even more local responsibility , here in germany such things are state responsibility . 
  and what we did indeed learn preciously little about the eu in school ( i 'm vintage 1982 ) ... which should n't be too surprising as practically all post-wwii history was missing and somehow politics etc. 
  was all considered part of history classes , which i do n't think the teachers particularly liked . 
  i 'm quite sure the syllabus gave them enough freedom to actually do things properly but then , well , they studied history to teach history , not constitutional theory and politics . 
  coming to think of it , we also learned preciously little about our own state history . 
   see merkel 's comments before the eu election that a socialist majority would n't mean esp leader martin schulz would be president of the eu commission [ citation needed ] only the uk was staunchly opposed to the parliament de facto getting the right to nominate the commission president . 
  merkel might not have been enthusiastic but germany certainly did n't try to block the parliament 's putsch . 
  which , btw , is prime comedy as it 's also the uk always going on about the democratic deficit . 
  reduce it , and they oppose that reduction !, 
  it 's 100k * euro * , or equivalent . 
  it 's a eu regulation and last i checked , czechia is a member . 
  also , you can have accounts at multiple banks . 
   if there 's a fuckton of demand , why do n't bank offer a 100 % reserve bank accounts ? 
  there is , of course , zero real-world demand * as that demand is met by legislation * . 
  why should a bank offer something that cuts into their profits without actually providing any more guarantees . 
  abstractly , however , there is aforementioned fuckton of demand . 
  the consensus among economists is that it 's fine to teach in econ 101 that minimum wage is bad for employees by referring to spherical cows in a vacuum . 
  the whole thing is a protoscience ( or , pray tell , where 's that predictive model ? ), 
  heavily influenced by politics and ideology , and last but not least [ the psychology of people who study economy for business purposes ] ( https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2016/04/06/new-study-says-narcissistic-students-thrive-under-narcissistic-professors ) . 
   i would not want to pay higher fees for 100 % reserve guarantee . 
  there 's no demand for such product . 
  there is a * fuckton * of demand for that . 
  so much that banks all over the eu are [ required to have insurance covering all deposits up to 100k ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deposit_insurance#european_union ) . 
  beyond that , you can rely on the state to provide such guarantees , at the very least re-insure the insurance , the reason is simple : wiping out the assets of small people wrecks * havoc * on the economy . 
  and there we have another problem with all this : being able to leverage mostly benefits the banks as they 're able to cash in on profits due to seigniorage , while ultimately the associated risks get socialised . 
   controlling money supply by giving money directly to people is possible without abolishing fractional banking . 
  of course you can provide helicopter money and not re-issue and thus control things , however , you still only control m0 . 
  fifty years ago , yes , that was control over the monetary supply , but nowadays the transaction volume of m0 dwarves against the others . 
  the oed is not at all a good source , here . 
  for one , where do you sort say market socialism ? 
  and what 's with the dichotomy that the oed sees there that is n't there in reality ? 
  where would the oed sort an economic system in which all means of productions are owned by independent foundations ? 
  the oed is * descriptive * . 
  just because society at large defines things such does n't mean that they make sense in terms of economics , sociology , politology . 
  trying to help alcoholics without alcohol is killing alcoholics . 
  this is n't even like heroine where not providing the drug is just a bad idea ( because all opioids can be tapered ) , in this case it 's killing them right-out . 
   most people do n't realise addiction dissapears overnight * does n't dissapear, 
  yeah because they would n't drink otherwise , and because you can combat alcoholism by depriving people of alcohol . 
  hint : that kills the addict . 
  no , in a * market * wages are set by market conditions . 
  capitalism is about private ownership of the means of production for purposes of capital accumulation , and very much dislikes the free market because such things as perfect information , rational consumers etc. 
  cut into profits . 
  monopolies and disinformation are much more effective . 
  you could also call capitalism `` market feudalism '' . 
  a managed alcohol addiction is much better than an unmanaged one : people who manage to drink over the course of the day instead of binging both consume less and are generally more capable of doing * anything * else but drinking , sleeping , and procuring heavy liquor . 
  this very much * is * a program to provide social inclusion . 
   you ( as a central bank ) would lose control over monetary policy i just explained how it 's the complete opposite . 
  the central bank has * precise * control over monetary supply unlike now , where most of the money is actually created by non-central banks ( remember : the numbers on your bank statement are n't the same kind of money as euro notes , they 're bank , not ecb , money ) . 
   it would be difficult to borrow ask an investment fund for money , you do n't have to make contracts with individual lenders . 
  it does n't directly create wealth , it provides a medium of interchange . 
  it 's the associated trade that is conductive of wealth creation , more so than money-less trade because the furniture maker can buy nails from the smith for money , instead of having to figure out that the baker wants a table and the smith wants bread and organising a three-way exchange . 
  money sitting around in stagnant pools , otoh , is kind of a damocles ' sword : as long as it 's not participating in the econonmy it could just as well not exist , the amount of money in active circulation does n't include , well , money not in active circulation . 
  should that money suddenly enter circulation , though , you get an inflationary shock : suddenly , there 's much more money and prices are going haywire . 
  the spanish made that discovery shortly after they discovered inca and aztec gold : as long as that gold was on the other side of the globe , it did n't matter , once in europe , it quickly crashed their economy . 
  one of the reasons why a gold standard is a bad idea : ca n't control how much of it there is . 
  says the state with their own party in the bundestag . 
  of course they can still lend money , it 'd just come from people who want to invest , not people who merely have an account and are leveraged . 
  that is , you get a system in which saving and investment are separate for free , without dividing banks up . 
  i 'd go further and say get rid of fractional reserve banking all together . 
  for the simple reason that the central bank then has proper control of the amount of money in circulation , it does n't have to literally * beg * ordinary banks to give people a credit line : keep the total amount of money pegged to the size of the economy , providing near-perfect price stability , if the economy grows , increase supply , if it shrinks , decrease supply , avoiding both inflation and deflation . 
  you shrink it by not re-issuing interest you collect , you increase it by issuing more than you collect . 
  seignorage should be paid out directly to the people because unlike everyone else , the people can actually be ( statistically speaking ) trusted to spend it ( the point of money is , after all , to circulate ) . 
  would n't be much , a maximum of what 10-20 euro a month per eu citizen . 
  another option would be something like the eu structural and coherence funds . 
  you do n't need to be a nation to be a state , a people suffices completely . 
  in fact , the idea of a nation state is quite young . 
  junge freiheit is a better rag than the torygraph ? 
  mostly , they 're fleeing daesh . 
  where , again , did daesh get its abrahms from ? 
  ah , yes , your incompetent viceroys in iraq . 
   kind of absurd to send a police raid because of that no it is n't because right-wing extremists kinda more often than not have illegal weapon stashes . 
  also , `` raid '' is relative . 
  raids can be completely polite in germany , also , they happen to illustrious institutions such as deutsche bank : you 're arriving uninvited at 6am to prevent people from destroying evidence . 
  companies that do n't like legal insecurity , or running from laws , even if they make a business out of being scummy . 
  the less stress , the better . 
  can you imagine say the sun taking their headquarters and servers , moving to the us , just so their advertisers can track people ? 
  nah , advertisers that do n't follow eu law are just going to get kicked from their site . 
  there 's way more ways to save things browser-side than just cookies . 
  even if you do n't have that option you can fingerprint browsers , most are actually unique as such you can use that to identify them . 
  [ here , try it yourself ] ( https://panopticlick.eff.org/ ) . 
  browser vendors even now are losing the anonymity battle , not the least because they need to support web standards . 
  without legislation stopping sites from doing bad things this just wo n't ever work out . 
   this is no evidence to sentence someone for joining a terrorist organization . 
  counterexample in support of that : there 's actually a decent number of antifa fighting with the kurds . 
  and it 's not at all forbidden , under german law , to join a foreign military ( and treating the kurds fighting there anythnig else would be a steep uphill battle ) , it 's only forbidden to actively advertise , recruit , etc. 
  of course , nothing much is stopping states from declaring that travelling to syria is a crime if you ca n't demonstrate a proper reason -- that is , put the burden of proof that you 're not joining terrorists on you . 
  that , however , is currently not law and as such we ca n't treat people like that . 
  and it 's probably not a good idea , either : people would pretend to join some other organisation to cross the border legally , then defect to daesh . 
  those are eurofighters , not marine helicopters susceptible to rust in salty air . 
  free movement is an integral part of the single market . 
  you could have a * something * market , but not a single market , without that .
