  currently there 's about 60 special schools in germany , my suggestion would be to have 90 or such and also have hearing students on them . 
   meaning a decentralised investment in all facilities a quadriplegic needs in a building , right ? 
  eh , depends . 
  in my school , if it did n't have an elevator in the first place , there would 've been the option to move one class room to the lower floor where all the special rooms are . 
  school buildings that are n't ancient should already be wheelchair-accessible , anyway . 
   the greens over here want to integrate those with special mental needs as well , down syndrome kids should n't have too much trouble in hauptschul-level courses , and many autists might be perfectly fine on the gymnasium as long as their classmates are n't jerks . 
  of course : this has to be judged on a case-by-case basis , and completely removing the more individualised teaching capabilities and capacities special schools have is a bad , bad , idea : the handicapped themselves are ill-served by being * forced * into an ordinary school if it does n't fit them . 
  then there 's also the other direction : why not hearing kids on a special school for deaf kids ? 
  here in the north you can get your lessons in danish if you want , why not sign language . 
  handicapped children in regular classes is a great idea in principle , however , you have to do it right , it has to be appropriate for the class and the handicapped student . 
  a quadriplegic fits in everywhere ( but regular sports lessons ) , others not so much . 
  and as it went down in nrw i would n't be surprised if they put a blind and a deaf kid into the same class . 
  they 're definitely within the [ european broadcasting area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_broadcasting_area ) , which is what counts :  the boundaries of the european broadcasting area have their origin in the regions served and linked by telegraphy cables in the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  the european broadcasting area plays a part in the definition of eligibility for active membership in the european broadcasting union and thus participation in the eurovision song contest . 
   there is , to my knowledge , no animosity towards our neighbors germany you tell that to rudi, 
  well that 's slightly misleading as the vast , * vast * majority of cargo arriving via ship is transported on via train ( well , at least judging by hamburg ) . 
  germany is to blame for the rest , here : at the centre of pretty much everything and driving db cargo into ruin . 
   engelbert humperdinck who ? 
  celine dion was completely unknown outside of francophone countries back then . 
  you can of course send internationally famous people , but it 's in rather poor taste . 
  the uk could easily win the thing by sending muse or depeche mode or something but they choose to not take it seriously year after year . 
  actually , coldplay , as far as esc-compatibility is concerned . 
   but not over the heads of own population what part of `` it 's up to the sovereign to decide '' did n't you understand ? 
  well vorgl\u00fchen usually means to pre-heat as in getting a diesel engine ready to start . 
  you can steal it if you want . 
  and volume-percent are called `` rounds '' , as in `` rounds per minute '' . 
   it seems impossible to reverse the decisions they made is it necessary ? 
  i mean , suppose that you kick each and every non british citizen out of the country . 
  do you * seriously * believe that you , personally , would benefit or would any benefit ( if existent , let 's not get into that ) flow to your nobs ? 
  btw , did the uk even start implementing the restrictions on social welfare ? 
  in each and every other eu country , unless you have citizenship you have to have worked ~ 3 years or such in the country before receiving anything . 
  all other eu countries also have their own health system bill the insurer of whoever they treated , last i looked the nhs did n't do that . 
  nah , the option only existed for a couple of years after they joined , to limit the impact on the labour market of the others . 
  what you still do n't seem to be willing to accept is that the uk * chose * to import lots of low-skill people . 
  if you think that was a mistake blame the ones responsible , which are n't to be found outside of the uk . 
  it was you who pushed for the eastern expansion , it was you , as only member state , that did n't take the option of limiting work migration from those countries for some years ... ... yeah , you do n't get to complain . 
  as a country , i mean . 
  as a people , do n't fucking blame the eu blame your nobs ( actual or etonian ) . 
  somehow it 's always the british who talk about `` punish '' . 
  you in fact seem to be pre-occupied with it . 
  you wanted a divorce . 
  no , we wo n't sleep in the same bed any more forget it but that 's not punishment , * that 's what you asked for * . 
  stop moping . 
  til the finnish way to create dishes is to try every combination possible , and judge them all good . 
   polylateration do n't you mean multiplagiation ? 
  ... multilateral or polyplagiation , decide on * one * language !, 
  well , there being pipes for hot water under the streets help . 
  how is it fair that bremen ( 650k people ) has three votes in the bundesrat and nrw ( 17.5 m ) six ? 
   however , the victory was a pyrrhic one , with the currency union ending up suiting germany but not france . 
  nope it was n't , it made sure that the re-unified germany is firmly tied to the west , or , more precisely , france . 
  france can get rather clingy and possessive but as she 's otherwise rad we did n't really mind . 
  that is exactly how it works in germany . 
  ... well , nearly : at least one parent has to be german , or the kid has to be born in germany and at least one parent has to have lived here for eight years or more , and possess a permanent residence visa . 
  the reason for the overlap is very simple , btw : the old germanic legal system relied almost exclusively on fines : if you lost a criminal case , suddenly you were in debt to the offended person/family . 
   mr macron wants berlin to support [ ... ] and a finance minister , \\* spills his tea \\* ... france had to literally extort germany with their signature under german re-unification for germany to accept a common currency before a fiscal union . 
  he 's charging an open door , no matter cdu posturing . 
  because you can be charged as a juvenile up to the age of 21 , and as an adult from the age of 18 . 
  it depends on your overall mental development . 
  nah but you have to support them , which is rather impossible to do properly over pure ip . 
  ip is designed for best effort routing , not any kind of qos much less qus * guarantee * . 
  both proposals for payload size that ended up getting averaged had technical arguments backing them up . 
  weak ones because face it , any number in that ballpark is appropriate and as arbitrary as any other . 
  is that really the best you can come up with when criticising atm ? 
  for emergency calls it would very much make sense to open up an atm connection . 
  in fact , voip generally runs over a different atm channel than your internet connection so your internet traffic ca n't choke voip . 
  and it would n't be that silly to pay for an atm connection to netflix if otherwise you can get by with low-bandwidth internet access . 
  and that 's the point : any `` special services '' should be point-to-point , initiated and chosen by the consumer . 
  the isp ca n't throttle ( including via volume ) netflix-over-ip relatively to the internet bandwidth you paid for , but it can offer point-to-point connections that exceed that bandwidth . 
  you 'd be communicating with the dslam at the next street corner . 
  then things get routed over atm ( not unlikely fibre ) , arriving at another dslam and finally at the recipient : only dslam and modem actually speak dsl . 
  in fact , if one side has e.g. 
  a fibre connection you 'd leave out dsl at one point , just talking atm directly , or maybe atm over ( single-link ) ethernet . 
  the difference to ip networks is that atm will reserve latency and bandwidth : it can interleave multiple channels ( `` calls '' ) onto the same physical carrier but it wo n't over-provision , it wo n't ever introduce buffer delay , it wo n't drop individual packets , it wo n't route a single packet in any other way than all other packets . 
  if there 's not enough capacity , it will not set up the channel . 
  if you 're calling emergency services , it will kill some other channel to set up yours ( obviously , telemedicine channels should be just as unkillable ) . 
  atm is meant to create virtual point-to-point connections on a many-to-many physical network . 
   especially voip , which is extremely sensitive to delays . 
  things extremely sensitive to delays do n't belong on the internet because they do n't belong on packet-switched networks : they * can not * provide strict quality of service guarantees . 
  you need virtual circuits for that kind of stuff , or , more precisely : atm ... which the telcos are slowly but surely killing . 
  it has always been possible to bundle some isdn lines and have a video feed with guaranteed latency and bandwidth to do telemedicine , there 's no need to touch the internet for that . 
  and in principle there 's no technical barrier to enabling dsl modems to call other dsl modems , either . 
  i think the latter refers to a position on stem cells . 
  i mean , what 's not to like about our abortion regime ? 
  we have some of the lowest rates in the whole world ( and zero back-alley abortions ) , it 's clearly working . 
  and , well , the civil union position ... she 's just agreeing to how things happen to be at the moment , even going a * tiny * step further , a step so tiny it does n't really count . 
  the afd , ever paleo-conservative , has a rather different opinion , and the cdu right wing is opposing equal rights , too ( `` there has to be some difference * in addition * to name '' ) . 
  that is : it 's the kind of position you take when you get asked for a position but do n't want to have one . 
  -- the tiny step is allowing a gay couple jointly adopting a kid . 
  currently , it needs to be in series because legal details of the court ruling . 
  it is the * only * thing that makes marriage and civil union unequal before the law . 
  ... though the constitution does draw a distinction , and that is actually the crux here : it says `` marriage and family enjoy the special protection of the state '' , in an invariant section . 
  changing that , or just re-interpreting `` marriage '' there to include , contrary of intention of the authors , gay marriage , is * not * an easy task . 
  imo do it properly you 'd need a larger upheaval , e.g. 
  abolish state marriage , make it a civil contract ( notary required ) , give public-law churches the right to bless such a thing as `` marriage '' . 
  `` public law churches '' includes the humanists ( and , for that matter , lutherans ) so you 'd get gay marriage without changing the constitution : the `` special protection '' there is that the union comes with a blessing from a religious or world-view organisation , that is , has the backing of a significant portion of society . 
  maybe even poly folks will get their go at things , then . 
  and the churches are n't prone to disagree because they get thrown a bone : finally they can do actual marriages in the legal sense , again , not just ceremonies . 
  no , but defending vichy does . 
  i think her firm position on social issues is to not have a position . 
  well , she probably has one but it 'd be a losing move to field any kind of position .
