  germany knows that maneuvre , too , though it involves rolling your legislation and a vote of confidence into one bill . 
  and , yes , that 's exactly how new labour laws were passed here , too . 
  yes . 
  last i checked fascism was n't very popular in the uk in the early 1900s . 
  and neither did the uk get invaded and thus experience fascist rule . 
  similar history ( in this area ) as the us . 
  germany did , france did ( `` thanks '' to germany ) , the whole ex-soviet area did , spain did , italy did , greece did . 
  benelux did . 
  the uk did n't . 
  you may have escaped the illness , but otoh you also did n't develop antibodies . 
  as you , personally , are so wonderfully demonstrating with your lack of actually bloody * recognising * the thing instead of throwing around the term as if it was a bloody smoke grenade . 
  ... so did 214s . 
  and i did n't mention 214s to rip on the french , their military is perfectly capable , but because they 're one thing the us absolutely can not counter ( also , does n't have themselves ) . 
  you 'd need gravimetric sensors to detect those buggers and that kind of thing just does n't exist . 
  try to navigate a fleet into attack position such that it can not be ambushed by one , it 's impossible . 
  you might see them launching torpedoes ( or other stuff ) but before you can react they 're already gone from all your sensors . 
  heck you could sail one up the potamac to dc and the yanks wo n't notice , though flattening the white house wo n't do you any good in a war either . 
  oh yes now i remember there certainly is a european country without hands-on fascist experience and thus lacking societal safeguards , and it is the uk . 
  the only remotely conceivable scenario in political terms ( and , remember , war is a continuation of politics with different means ) is the us turning fascist ( c.f. 
  them having no societal experience defending against it , bush , trump , etc. ), 
  and going completely nuts . 
  and you buggers are going to side with the fascists ? 
  in that case , piss off , take your shoddy excuse for an island and haul it over to the american continental plate . 
  what are the us going to do once their supercarriers got taken down by u214s ? 
  which , btw , are german and italian , not french . 
  and if they do n't manage to actually kill them ( they 're not the fastest buggers around , being stealth subs ) , at least they 're going to prevent the us actually getting anywhere close to european land with their power projection . 
  that 's all i 've been saying : stalemate . 
  also , even if you leave the eu i would be rather surprised if you brits would n't be with the rest of the family in this scenario . 
  because a ) there 's no winners in a nuclear exchange and b ) the russians might be crazy , but not insane . 
  of course , yes , even the conventional scenario is highly unlikely to ever happen ... exactly because of the way it would play out . 
  the eu is able to defend itself several times over , in fact , we could force a stalemate against the us itself . 
  the thing that the us has but we do n't is lots of power projection capabilities , but those are n't needed to defend yourself , they 're only necessary to play world police . 
  true and false . 
  the baltics ca n't be defended against a first strike because geography and logistics and bottlenecks , however , the russians would n't like the answer . 
  iirc the worst-case scenario is russia advancing about to the middle of poland before main forces clash , that then being quickly followed by russia being occupied ... even before the eu 's industry fully switched to war mode . 
  all that 's of course assuming conventional warfare . 
  in a nuclear exchange all bets are off because nuclear war is nuts . 
  the eu already is a defence pact ^ 1 , what 's missing is military integration because with so many eu members being nato that was n't necessary , nato already provided all the integration anyone needed -- * or wanted * : not sidelining non-eu nato members has always been a limiting factor of eu military integration . 
  in particular , that 's the us and turkey . 
  if the us quits the nato ( and that 's what `` not defend anyone else '' amounts to ) the european members are just going to switch the branding of european nato infrastructure to , probably , [ eda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_defence_agency ) . 
  -- ^ 1 that also puts some traditionally neutral states under protection , but does n't demand any military action from them, 
  right-out atheists are actually very rare in the gastarbeiter generation , however , hardcore secularists are n't uncommon . 
  that is , kemalists . 
  but will you be able to stomach greek kebab ? 
  also , bring some turkish ouzo . 
   look at differences in language and a couple of simple culture questions . 
  he speaks pashtun , specifically the dialect at the afghanistan/pakistan border . 
  that 's like indonesia trying to tell a bavarian from an austrian , it 's just not going to happen . 
  the impression was not due to what she said , but how it got reported by non-german media . 
  i see two main groups , there : one lacked the legal context to do it properly and/or did n't care ( that covers most of the english media ) , the second group is the ones who seem to be doing it on purpose , that includes rt 's arabic service as well as al jazeera . 
  those also report the `` 600 euro a month for doing nothing '' kind of stuff . 
  all in all , there 's currently a `` european dream '' going on in many areas comparable to the us being seen as `` promised land '' in europe one , two , centuries ago : in both cases , it 's 80 % myth and 20 % half-truths . 
   so basically , it 's fair game for refugees to fight back because we apparently treat them like shit . 
  i very much think you confused an explanation with justification , there . 
  happens all the time . 
  there 's extremely good sources for both , it 's just that it 's not the news , it 's background . 
  to be fair to the bbc it 's prudent to deal with news and background seperately as not to spoon-feed analysis , and background is best explained in a very documentary style . 
  if they have one they probably scheduled it for broadcast , but i would n't be surprised if they did n't mention that while reporting news . 
  if they do n't have one , all bets are off . 
  a discussion round involving knowledgeable people is easy to pull off on short notice , but still might take a week or two . 
  no it wo n't traumatise them for the simple reason that kids self-censor . 
  you need to be 18 to buy one of those . 
  also , public transport probably falls under `` public place '' so you 'd need a special permit to carry one there . 
  ... there 's a difference between bringing a bowie into the forest and a sword onto a train . 
  also , katana would be a bad choice : fickle , hyped , beasts . 
  an axe is actually a rather good choice as amok weapon : comparatively easy to wield and if you 're not up against a sword it 's going to stay whole , too . 
  yeah but why would the hell 's angels sell to a 17yold afghan ? 
  also , he 'd first have to be able to afford it . 
  the grimm brothers mellowed out the stories more and more , edition after edition . 
  i actually would n't be surprised to see that exact same variation in the original one . 
  also , fairy tales are supposed to be nasty ... if only to have the kids disagree empathetically . 
  they 're nuts to crack , not sweets to swallow . 
   engineers and economists had enough of time to decide would it be efficient to place more gas synthesis plants . 
  indeed , and fraunhofer says it 's the best idea since sliced bread , in fact , it 's necessary as our hydropower-rich neighbours ca n't store all that energy for us , also with additional hvdc lines . 
  what 's lacking currently is feed-in tariffs , including some safeguards against pushing biogas too much ( because land use ) . 
  the cdu is dragging their feet , there . 
  one nice thing about gas is that the only efficiency loss is during conversion , storage and transport ( given pipelines ) is practically free . 
  of course , the kremlin does n't like people producing their own gas one bit , but , then , well , putin had more than a decade to change the russian economy to be less reliant on resource exports . 
   problem will be solved as soon as humanity will invent better batteries . 
  see , you would n't have said that if you actually read what i wrote about gas synthesis . 
  short-term storage generally is n't the problem , we 've got enough effective ways to save small amounts of energy at very low losses . 
  together with renewables being spread geographically ( weather averages out over larger areas ) those solve the day-to-day problems . 
  the actual hard part is seasonal storage in the absence of proper terrain for hydropower . 
  and that 's exactly where gas is , at least for the time being , a perfect solution as 90 % of the required infrastructure we 're ever going to need is already there -- pipes and ( yes , cogenerating ) gas plants . 
  what we need more of are the synthesisers . 
  then , we can finally stop swamping the whole of europe with electricity when there 's strong winds . 
   citizens watch tv even after sunset that 's the most stupid argument i 've ever heard . 
  energy demand usually peaks from about 11:00 to 17:00 , or thereabouts , and completely slumps between 23:00 and 06:00 . 
  sure , the absolute peak is n't exactly at noon , but so what , solar still can take a lot of load off the rest of the energy sources . 
   some industries requires not only huge amount of electricity , but also the heat . 
  same applies to water heating for residents co-generating is a thing and in fact collecting heat from the sun is ridiculously easy . 
  you can also collect energy spikes as heat . 
   fossil fuels provides very good ( energy put/energy gain ) ration , which is also important . 
  no it is n't : exactly because it is n't sustainable . 
  last , but not least : * there is no reason to replace gas * . 
  we can just synthesise it , in fact , that 's the exact thing germany plans to do for long-term storage ( the existing pipeline network can store months worths of total ( not just electricity ) energy usage ) . 
  industrial-scale prototype synthesisers ( electricity + water -  hydrogen , hydrogen + co2 -  methane ) are already online . 
  round-trip efficiency is n't great at all , otoh storage losses are negligible and no surplus energy you 're catching ever has bad efficiency . 
   he said that we did n't need nuclear power to transition to renewable energy . 
  more than that : we can build renewable capacity much faster than nuclear because safety is n't nearly as critical .
