  they could use brexit as an excuse to drastically cut it , which would attract businesses . 
  and be slapped with punitive tariffs by the eu for being a tax haven . 
  of course , you can also say good-bye to any eea deal , then . 
  well you 're already off-shore and harbour many tax havens , might as well go all-in . 
  to the afd , who is paleo-conservative , * all * other parties are lefist . 
  but the only real eu-scepticism you can find in german politics is within die linke . 
  most of their criticism of the eu revolves around anti-capitalism , pacifism , and an imperial attitude of the eu towards outside countries . 
  not because they would n't , in the end , be internationalists , they just criticise the * way * it is done . 
  die linke and afd disagree on basically every political point there is . 
  yes , them teaming up is unthinkable . 
  no , it 's the summer : sleepless nights push susceptible people over the edge . 
  eh , it 's good practice and i doubt your local sek is comfortable roping down from a helicopter into a church tower . 
  once you start to wriggle like that everyone knows you 're doing it to disclaim responsibility and took half a step towards condoning it . 
  apologies do n't cost anything . 
  if you truly insist on autism-level technical correctness ( and , yes , diplomats often do ) then say something like `` the french state regrets not having been able to stop it '' : there , you took responsibility , it could not be clearer that you do not condone it . 
  was that so hard ? 
  the limux people essentially are maintaining their own version of ubuntu lts , that is , they 're watching/contributing to that upstream and regularly push their thing to their users . 
  if upstream dries up , well , they 've got some work set out before them but then they switched distributions ( from debian to ubuntu ) before . 
  this kind of stuff you also have to do with windows : maintain an image , decide which updates to roll out , what to hold back because it 'd break your apps etc. 
  just that with windows you can neither look under the hood , upstream is completely uninterested in anything you might have to say , and you ca n't just easily switch to a different upstream because windows is fundamentally incompatible to literally every other os in the computing world . 
  i mean , just as comparison : switching limux to macos would be a relatively minor thing . 
  it 's a bsd , after all !, 
  i have no idea why anyone would want to do it , it would be work , but it would n't be hard . 
   how difficult do you think it will be to make them accept an operating system even a lot of advanced people have n't ever heard of ? 
  exactly as much . 
  that is the very point : a desktop environment like kde ( which you have a 50 % chance of having used if you ever booted a linux live cd or such ) is not any different from any windows , in terms of look and feel , than any windows from the other . 
  the underlying system is vastly different , yes -- but that does not concern the end user . 
  they 're not going to use the shell as much as they did not use the command prompt , and they 're going to come running to the admins because their usb webcam does n't work just as they 'd do with a windows box ( and , hopefully , get told in both cases that it 's never going to work because it 's against company/institution policy to have such hardware connected ) . 
   if it 's not broken do n't fix it . 
  microsoft even gave you windows 10 for free for an entire year you mean they gave you an upgrade that needed a new computer to run . 
  they * forced * an update which is going to require you to re-train all the computer illiterates . 
  that is , microsoft broke everything for everyone and you call that situation `` if it 's not broken do n't fix it '' . 
  nah : the situation -- being slave to every descision microsoft happens to make -- itself is what 's broken , and it ought to be fixed . 
  microsoft is n't going to change any time soon , so migrating away is the obvious choice . 
   i do n't know what the government 's plan is for this , but i have this bizarre feeling that open-source software does n't have anywhere near the capabilities of detecting and fixing weak points as a multi-billion dollar company such as microsoft . 
  you 're decidedly wrong , floss generally wins in both the amount/severity of issues as well as in time until a fix is available . 
  that is because * anyone * can go ahead and fix it right away . 
  also remember that the whole internet runs of floss software , it 's only desktop pcs where windows has a stand . 
  [ here 's an older but very throughout article ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2004/10/22/security_report_windows_vs_linux/ ) . 
  if a user can install or run * any * program on their own in a bank or government institution , outside of computers that do n't have access to what the bank and institution is actually doing , the admins should be tarred and feathered . 
  which leads me to another thing : a lot of people here seem to ignore that these are heavily managed environment , used by largely the computer illiterate : they know how to use the forms that some specialised program displays , the rest is locked down tight : the user neither needs to understand the underlying os , they do not even need to be aware of it . 
  ( and according to anecdotes from munich , end-users would blame variously windows or linux for things that went wrong , closer inspections then showed that their workstation had the exact other os installed ), 
  the mayor wants to go back and is apparently whipping his party , noone else does , though . 
  in particular : there 's not a single technical or otherwise rational argument , and they refuse to tell anyone how much it would all cost . 
  * coincidentally * just before he started to be massively in favour of a migration microsoft opened new headquarters in munich . 
   everyone is familiar with windows , everyone knows windows . 
  i 'm not sure how effective switching to some linux system will be , considering there 's a high rate of computer illiteracy in government already . 
  computer-illiterate people are as illiterate with windows as they are with linux -- or , rather , kde or gnome as the case may be . 
  do you have any idea how much work it is to get those people to accept a new version of windows or ms office . 
  that is the exact same amount of work that you have to do to get them to accept a linux de and libreoffice . 
  so the kde start menu does n't look exactly like the w2k one and that is giving your users trouble ? 
  thing is : the w7 or 10 one does n't look like that , either . 
   sure , these weak points exist in any other system too , but they get frequent updates , which ca n't really be said for a system that has been plucked together via varying open-source platforms . 
  so open source software does n't get patched and updated ? 
  that 'd truly be news . 
   there are 36 pins that you can use for signing documents ( which are used for the voting ) whatever pin you already used already got skimmed . 
   if we have russian spies overwriting open source security libraries then the quality of job they do at monitoring elections is the least or the worlds problems you may have russians authoring crypto libs in anticipation that someone who they want to hack will use them . 
  we 're talking state-level advisory , here , not script kiddie . 
   100 % of election frauds have been committed in states with paper ballot voting and we * always * know about it , or better put we know if the state organises things such that stuffing is possible . 
  and , no , the us already had ample of issues with voting machines . 
  it 's also disingenious to say that paper voting gets attacked more often , it 's way older and way more common . 
   that number is always lower in a ballot system . 
  i think you need to read up on basic arithmetic . 
  again , example germany : you 'd need to successfully bribe 10 + people to get control of a maximum of 2500 votes . 
  there 's 62000000 votes total ( assuming everybody votes ) . 
  do the maths . 
   again , different pins for different things voting is voting . 
  why do you keep talking about different pins , we 're re-casting a vote , overwriting the already cast one . 
  that means that the voter already voted , that means that we skimmed the voting pin . 
   in this case that would be the state gaining back-door access to information that they already have , this level of meddling ca n't be expected to be solved by any kind of voting system . 
  which state ? 
  it 's suffices for russia to have one mole in the right place , there . 
  also , it * is * addressed by paper ballots : because they 're so simple you can explain why and how they 're secure to an 8yo . 
   in case of paper ballots that would be true so ... what are you going to do ? 
  stuff votes ? 
  do you seriously think that you 'll get some alone time with the ballot box , much less enough of them . 
   if you do n't have the voter , the pin is useless by itself . 
  you only need control over the machine , not the voter . 
  the voter is bound to insert the card again , exactly * because * it is used for so many things . 
   anyone with the skill set can check it , also the eu has assigned several institutions to scrutinize it . 
  you know , there 's a reason why people do n't trust crypto schemes that the nsa publishes , and that 's * not * because anyone has figured out how to break them . 
  the nagging feeling is that the nsa designed them to include neigh impossible to find numerical backdoors . 
  it is not , after all , that you can prove security by inspecting , you can only prove insecurity . 
   then you are also able to destroy the german economy by draining everyones bank accounts . 
  it 'd be much easier to hack their mainframes ( ha ! ), 
  than to attack online banking , at least on a scale that does n't rely on phishing ( politicians surely are experts at phishing votes ) . 
  the smart cards and the mainframe share a secret key , in the smartcard case burned into the silicon ( so you 'd need acid and an electron microscope to read it out ) . 
  security , there , relies on the bank doing their job right , centrally . 
  same goes for the company registry . 
  then ... people * notice * when money is gone , and you have to transfer it away from the hacked mainframe through the usual inter-bank interfaces as otherwise the bank is just going to roll back everything once their customers start complaining . 
  tipping the scales of a vote , though , is a completely different matter . 
   ok so the bad guys have the machine used for voting rigged and a gun to the head of that individual voter . 
  going through 2 points of security , i 'd say they 'll win this one . 
  * either * of both works . 
   the bad guys bribe the guys counting the ballots for this region to keep an eye out for this guy `` those guys '' are 10 + people plus observers ( parties , private , etc ) per polling station , of which there are generally more than one per municipality : their maximum size in germany is 2500 voters . 
  the chances to do that undetected and still have an impact are infinitesimally small . 
  this is security by a million eyes , anyone can participate . 
  do you have the skill-set necessary to check that the code published to check public hashes and whatnot actually does what it promises ? 
  i know i do n't , same as i know that i should never , ever hand-roll my own crypto . 
   ballot counting machines ( as ballot voting is implemented in most countries ) no , it is n't .
