  not to be confused with the [ iccpr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_covenant_on_civil_and_political_rights ) , which china refuses to ratify , and contains the right to political participation . 
  the right to not be offended is a thing that does n't exist . 
  heck , `` to be offended '' is n't even a term in most languages : you take , or find , offence . 
  it is a thing that requires action on the part of the offended . 
  of course , the idiotic left will do its fabricated outrage thing with that thing , and the idiotic right will continue to argue that that right not existing gives them the right to be racist or whatnot . 
  in a very limited sense it exists as a limitation on the freedom to act , though : not being allowed to walk the streets nude falls under that kind of thing . 
  it 's not a personal thing , though , * individually * taking offence at that does not suffice , it has to be a social norm . 
  in cs but also maths at least you can find ample of papers that are only available on arxiv . 
  arxiv of course is completely un-moderated ( all you need is a referral from someone on it to avoid the worst spam ) but nothing about peer review says that it ca n't happen * after * you published . 
  i 've already seen papers that got cited somewhere and had an error pointed out then rolling out another version . 
  ( side note : this means that a paper from 2008 now can suddenly cite a paper from 2015 . 
  i will never get used to that ) of course , this kind of free-for-all anarchy only really works for people who can judge papers for themselves , that is , the peers . 
  journals are a nice thing and , guess what : you can also build them on an open archive . 
  get a couple of peers together , have some organisation , periodically publish a couple of links . 
  what 's holding that kind of stuff back , at least from my pov is that abysmal fact of publish or perish , especially common in anglo university systems . 
  open access does n't necessarily mean journal . 
  just * also * put your stuff on arxiv . 
  it would make a lot of sense for the eu to fund such a platform , of course , it 's not even expensive : bandwidth is cheap nowadays . 
  those standards are not binding , they 're just spelling out in detail what laws require . 
  a law states `` appliances sold to consumers must be electrically safe '' . 
  a standard then spells out all the details , say , shape of plugs . 
  you could use another standard and still fulfil the law , you could work it all out on your own . 
  more importantly , standards are used by the industry to keep contracts short : `` we 'll have ten thousands nails type ab by standard xyz '' is much , much more convenient than specifying all that shit . 
  -- that said , there 's certain programming languages whose specs are paywalled , and that sucks . 
  unlike most other industries , there 's actually non-commercial implementors of those languages . 
  there 's a loophole , though : you just implement not the standard , but the final draft , which is identical to the standard in every way but being it . 
  countries are anarchist if their people is . 
  there 's an olde zenarchism adage : `` once everyone is enlightened enough , the state will abolish itself . 
  failing that , it will at least not annoy anyone , any more '' . 
   you must do so out of choice , or will . 
  no such thing as free will under threat of starvation . 
  ... that a wage slave can choose , to a degree , their master does n't mean that they are free of the masters . 
  a second big topic then would be the political power afforded by mere ownership of capital , and capitalism without capital accumulation is rather unthinkable . 
   would you argue that nicotine patches are n't useful as people can just not smoke ? 
  they 're quite pointless , yes , quitting rates are n't noticeably higher than cold-turkey ... if you * do * see numbers that they they are , they have n't controlled for counselling . 
  if you want something that is right-out frightenly effective at making people quit -- making people * who did n't even intend to quit quit * -- look at vaping . 
  it 's orthogonal . 
  there 's no such a thing as right-wing anarchists as capitalism is a power structure and we are against * all * of those , depending on where you are and how it currently looks the state is n't even , by far , the worst of those . 
  i 'd almost say cem \u00d6zdemir , politically he 's tenable . 
  otoh i have massive reservations concerning his cultural background : nothing good but sp\u00e4tzle ever came out of swabia . 
  even if it was n't mandatory you 'd still want to have that stuff . 
  and while we 're at it : * do * check those expiry dates on both first aid kit and the fire extinguisher . 
  over time the extinguisher will stop working which would be kind of a bummer when your car is on fire . 
  sterile bandages stop being sterile over time though tbh with the hygienic situation in road-side first-aid situations that should n't make much of a difference unless they 're actually dirty . 
  still , replace them , and while you 're at it check that the glue of the tape etc. 
  did n't stop working . 
  [ capsicum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capsicum ) is the latin name for the whole genus , of which bell peppers are a prominent member , so no that 's not ridiculous at all . 
  calling them capsaicin , now * that * would be silly . 
  no it 's going to ireland but as they got a bailout they 're going to have to spend it on paying back loans . 
  i do n't think there 's any penalties for anyone , the -10 hit to prestige will stay for some while , though . 
  [ [ yurop intensifies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm909zgscpw ) ], 
  [ here 's the actual guidelines ] ( http://berec.europa.eu/eng/document_register/subject_matter/berec/download/0/6160-berec-guidelines-on-the-implementation-b_0.pdf ) . 
  did n't yet read it in full , but have a look at language like this one :  nras [ national regulation authorities ] should not consider it to be to the detriment of the general quality of ias [ internet access services ] when activation of the specialised service by the individual end-user only affects his own ias . 
  however , detrimental effects should not occur in those parts of the network where capacity is shared between different end-users . 
  it 's illegal according to the treaties that they signed . 
  if ireland wants to exit the eu that 's their thing , as long as they do n't they 're bound to eu law . 
  which has these kinds of state-aid provisions to stop member states from racing each other to the bottom , as well as because not outlawing it opens the door wide for corruption . 
  of course , if they exit the eu they ca n't be the soil for apple 's eu headquarters , any more . 
   just that ireland gave unfair benefits . 
  ... which is state aid , which is ( generally speaking ) illegal . 
  and a company like apple , with a legal department the size of whole other companies , * knows * when such stuff is happening . 
  they and ireland were conspirators in crime . 
   in a white paper commissioned by us treasury secretary jack lew , the us warned that brussels was overstepping its powers and becoming a `` supranational tax authority '' . 
  lmao . 
  it is n't becoming one , it * is * one . 
  as such it 's not overstepping its powers it 's fulfilling its mandate . 
   consider potential responses oh what a cute weasel . 
  and you do n't even own the `` united states '' prefix , your southern neighbour is called the same . 
  i think you need to look up what `` buzzword '' means , and no it 's more like the difference between a stalinist and a maoist . 
  yeah last i looked those fuckheads did n't particularly liked our frisians and danes , not to speak of our sinti , or a bit further away the sorbs . 
  heck here in the north even the majority got the shaft by the nazis as they did n't like the language we still spoke , back then . 
  you are aware that that treaty is about protecting the rights of autochthone minorities , do n't you ? 
  it 's not about forcing some fucked-up interpretation of the majority culture on everyone , including the majority population itself . 
  i 'm all for doing that , but nazis -- whether traditional or iphone-wielding ones -- do the exact opposite . 
  on top of that they 're assclowns . 
  the largest distributive scheme we have is private property and dividends on that , you can see that in the long-term statistics of property distribution . 
  any other distributive system does n't even come * close * to even counterbalancing that . 
  so excuse me while i ignore your talking points . 
  then why do you want lower taxes for the middles classes ? 
  ... you 're not seriously trying to compare polish wage increases after joining the eu to what would happen if we had a free trade agreement with the us , do you ? 
  ever looked at the same graph for the us ? 
  the about only tax reform the fdp managed to do in the last , what , 40 years is abolishing vat for hotels . 
  left-liberalism has practically no representation in german parties any more , least of all in the fdp . 
  nazis are welcome among their ranks as soon as they are hipsters . 
  being a hipster alone is n't sufficient , either , you 've got to be a nazi , too . 
  i do n't give a fuck whether a nazi is a hipster or not , it 's still a fucking nazi . 
  so excuse me if i do n't care about your internal sectarianism . 
   where does that put me ? 
  in the top 1 % income bracket ? 
  fuck the average wage what about the median wage . 
  a sure way to increase the average wage is to give the richest fuck on the block ten times as much money . 
  what good would that be ? 
  the bastard ca n't spend all his earnings as it is , one person has only use for so and so many pairs of socks . 
  well what did we expect it 's oettinger . 
  do n't even think that he 's writing that stuff , he 's just writing down what the copyright industry tells him to . 
  luckily , the parliament is completely opposed to the link tax . 
  [ julia has a few more details ] ( https://juliareda.eu/2016/08/copyright-reform-another-acta/ ) . 
  do n't rely on our only pirate in parliament , though , help her !, 
  it just does n't fit into that roughly spherical thing under your bowler hat that the thing i might be emotionally invested in might be the brits , does it . 
  have you ever heard the term `` we can still be friends '' during a breakup ?
