   the average joe generally does n't care how his vote is handled though nor is he competent at assessing the security of the process on the contrary , literally everyone who is not judged legally incompetent by a court is mentally competent to assess it . 
  and e-voting is a sure-fire way to not make people care , indeed , as it would be much too much work . 
   e-voting is merely a natural extension of x-road so why not offer it to those who want it ? 
  because registering a company has completely different safety requirements than voting . 
  in particular , everybody can know that you are the owner it 's public record anyway . 
  hostile state-level actors also have very limited interest in creating bogus entries in the company database , best that could come out of that is a dos attack . 
  those systems need no more security than on-line banking . 
  why germany chose to do some insane rfid id cards that work with keypad-less readers while the whole country already has an optical tan generator for use with their smartcard for online banking is beyond me . 
  well , no , actually , it is n't : the producers of the stuff lobbied to get it introduced . 
  those generators even support pin entry , even though it 's not used in the online banking case . 
   however , since the pin 's you enter to use the card are in turn used to decrypt the contained keys then by entering the wrong pin remember that pin already got skimmed . 
  then , what about bribing someone with access to the machine that generates the key pairs to keep a list . 
  also , to get back to why all this is illegal in germany : do n't you see that this is much too complex for the average joe . 
  i do n't even mean dumb people , i mean people who are not cryptographers or at least programmers . 
  like your eye doctor . 
  the whole system is so opaque that you literally invite people to make up conspiracy theories about the elite controlling elections undetected by leaving in some backdoor for themselves , and that has severe sociological implications . 
  and for what gain ? 
  if you want to get more people to to vote , a much nicer * and * cheaper alternative would be to offer coffee and cake with the paper ballots . 
   votes were miscounted , people noticed and complained , there were ` investigations ' , nothing came of it . 
  that 's because the us sucks at democracy , it has nothing to do with paper ballots . 
  in germany people notice something 's off and complain , if that 's believable there 's going to be a re-count , depending on the discripancy the election may need to be repeated . 
  there were two pirates who both had cast votes but in their ( tiny , rural ) district the sum for pirates was one . 
  they went to the local court , filed an affadavit in lieu of oath , court ordered a re-count right away . 
  it turned out that the votes for pirates and another small party had been switched . 
  such things happen regularly , yes , but otoh are very uncommon : rarely an election without such a thing , but the vast , vast majority of districts never have any irregularities , and no district has them regularly . 
   or the dozens of groups who have volunteered to receive duplicates of every vote cast ? 
  anyone with access to the front-end of the official counting `` station '' because that one can fake everything . 
  there * needs * to be such a single point of failure , the other option would be to allow everyone in the public to track everyone 's vote , just like anyone can track the life of every single bitcoin . 
  these are hard information-theoretical , that is physical , limits . 
  paper voting solves that issue by having a hierarchy of points of failures , each supervised by a lot of people . 
  infiltrating that is * much * , much , harder , nay , impossible . 
   to the mafia ? 
  wat or anybody else that would want to check that you voted `` correctly '' , from a foreign intelligence agency to your spouse , do n't be dense . 
   the encryption takes place in the hardware of the card , its not just a key container and the private key never leaves the physical bounds of the card you need a pin to tell the card to sign something , * that * pin is skimmed ( because there 's no separate hardware for pin entry , that 's easy ) . 
  i already mentioned that the attack relies on the card being available , but as it 's used for different purposes that 's likely . 
   its not like you can find out who your neighbor voted for i can , with juicy pics or a gun ( see the mafia above ) . 
  that is not acceptable in a state-level election . 
   traditional ballot voting relies on a chain of humans that can be bribed , blackmailed or compromised in some other fashion . 
  it relies on openness and transparency : people * notice * when something 's off . 
  and yes you can be present when the urn with your vote in is opened , and make sure that that urn is counted correctly , and the tally transmitted correctly . 
  enough people are doing that , and then some people re-do the summing up of the tallies . 
  these systems have no single point of failure : you 'd need to bribe at least five or so workers , then observers ( which are random people not likely to take bribes ) , and then you changed the result for a * single * voting station . 
  in the e-vote case , you need to bribe or blackmail exactly one person and you can either fake everything , or figure out how everybody voted . 
   each estonian can validate the integrity of the vote block chain and prove to a mathematical certainty that their vote is really there and that they really voted for who they think they voted for . 
  which means they can prove it to the mafia , which means that the vote is n't private , any more . 
  to mitigate this they let you re-cast e-votes , and now we have another problem : infect the voter 's machine , skim the pin during voting , next time the voter inserts their id card for any different purpose ( e.g. 
  online banking ) , cast a `` corrected '' vote with the skimmed pin . 
  ... also , just as side note : iirc the estonian system does n't use blockchains . 
   can you say the same for your country ? 
  yes . 
  at least the parts that are actually good about that , that is : anyone can audit the elections though of course it 's a collective endeavor in practice . 
  noone can track their vote , and that 's the way it 's supposed to be . 
  this auditing can be done with nothing more than a primary school education , contrary to * any * electronic voting scheme ... and that , btw , is also why the constitutional court ruled any and all e-voting to be unconstitutional , even * if * it was possible to secure , it is not auditable for the average joe . 
  but otoh you 're right : scandinavia does n't , the nordic states do , include finland . 
  another thing people constantly get wrong . 
  the bloody dutch themselves call the netherlands holland , at least occasionally and definitely in tourist brochures . 
   estonian elections have never been interferenced by russia you would not even know given that online elections are , by necessity , unsafe , no matter how you implement them . 
  of course , though , the russians are also smart enough to not do anything there that would raise suspicion , that is , at most they 're going to tip the scales . 
  a dutch guy once [ nearly became mayor of a german city ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/frans_willeme ) , [ daniel cohn-bendit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_cohn-bendit ) became mep on both the german and french green 's ticket . 
  there 's a bridge to brasil ! ... 
  another country with vast swathes of nowhere . 
  greenland , arguably , is even more french guyana than french guyana . 
  less people , sure , but also even worse climate . 
  ( and yes even though greenland is not in the eu all greenlanders still are eu citizens , if only by virtue of all being danish citizens . 
  it 's a quagmire of asterisks ), 
  whereas in at least german aldi nord stores , trader joe 's is the store brand for nuts , dried fruit , etc. 
   it 's cheep though because they sell really low quality `` brands '' . 
  they sell store brands , generally produced by the same companies that produce the brands , and of equivalent quality . 
  otoh you 'll see them sell private-norm potatoes : more irregular or too many eyes or whatnot . 
  which is actually irrelevant , but does n't fit into usual high-polish shelves . 
   stocking is just `` throw it at the racks '' - style do you really want to pay for someone to take each individual item and arrange it neatly . 
  stuff comes in boxes , boxes get opened and put on the shelves , done , what 's so bad about that . 
  the aldi next door here just renovated . 
  i was crestfallen , all that nice warehouse atmosphere is gone , it is how aldis are * supposed * to look . 
  we need to invent a word that means `` both literally and figuratively '' for these kinds of situations . 
  with the amount of stuff they 're shipping i 'm quite sure dhl is opening train connections just for them , they also built sorting centres right next to amazon warehouses , connected via conveyor belt ( tchibo has one , too ) . 
   as you need local vat registrations in both countries which is a cost factor for smaller sellers amazon already handles payment in all cases , i guess it would n't be far-fetched for them to also handle vat accounting . 
  i doubt the tax offices are going to even blink seeing vat being paid on the behalf of someone else . 
  it was a massive , massive , victory for the greens to get reactor security into the ministry for environment . 
  traditionally it was economy , i think , the people there have rather different priorities . 
  i guess construction also switched over but do n't nail me on that . 
  \\* cough \\* trump \\* cough \\*, 
  no , as much if not more . 
  he 'd be doing it more vocally , though . 
   we do n't actually have an idea of the constituent opinions in scotland , wales , england , northern ireland , etc. 
  all of which are separate nations with separate cultures noone is denying that ... and noone ever claimed that the figure for the uk is anything but an aggregate . 
  you have to set the granularity somewhere , europoll does it at member state boundaries , which , if nothing else , is both feasible , transparent , and non-arbitrary : consider that while consisting of different cultures the uk is still a single polity . 
  it can be interesting for many questions to have finer granularity and then you 'll have to again be careful to not draw the borders willy-nilly ... see the us and gerrymandering . 
  that is , you should probably use [ nuts regions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nomenclature_of_territorial_units_for_statistics ) . 
  but even such things would never give you answers such as `` what does the danish minority in schleswig-holstein think about red grit '' . 
  in the end , the problem is simply stated as such : we * have * to use a certain granularity for if we do n't , we 'd be sampling every single citizen for every poll and drown in detail . 
   if you interviewed , for example , 1,000 white scots of various political leanings , you might chance into getting the correct distribution of opinion in the country how could restricting the poll by colour of skin * possibly * get a more correct result than asking all scots . 
  the distributions are randomised among iirc all member state citizens , sometimes all resident ( but not tourist ) eu citizens . 
  [ 1000 per country is plenty ] ( http://www.raosoft.com/samplesize.html ) . 
  that 's a probability of 95 % that the error is within ~ 3 % , 100 % that it is within ~ 9.25 % . 
  yes , of course 5000 people would give you more accuracy but this is a poll , not an election . 
   now there probably is n't an even distribution they do use 1000k for each country to get exactly such a representative sample for each country . 
  they , after all , want to compare them so you ca n't just throw all in a bag . 
   especially in bigger countries with or without multiple ethnicities as major demographies . 
  true that , say , scots and english are rolled into one .
