  you do n't * need * one . 
  you * can * get one and if you 're planning on staying in the job and/or making career in that area you definitely ought to get it . 
  it 's different in a couple of trades and for good reason , e.g. 
  electricians . 
  also , remember : it 's not full-time training . 
  of course a company can get you up to doing something useful -- that is , have non-negative productivity -- in two weeks . 
  can you imagine a company consisting of only people with that kind of limited knowledge , though ? 
   this kinda half arsed socialism you mean remnants of good ole trade guilds of feudal times . 
  this is n't really `` the government '' doing much anything -- all the testing , standards setting etc. 
  is done by area-bound public-law corporations directly controlled by the companies themselves . 
  the reason you learn more in an apprenticeship than required on your job is to not overspecialise people , also , to have degrees in the first place . 
  a tea shop does n't want a `` person who can scan '' , they want a salesperson , knowledgeable enough to start selling as soon as they 've tasted themselves through the tea . 
  if you hire someone with such a qualification , you know that they can do their job . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  -- though properly retail business is a bad example , here . 
  a better one would be something like baker -- where you learn to bake , not follow recipes . 
  or , * much * more obvious , something like learning mechatronics : no , you do n't learn `` machine rotors for electrical motors '' which might be what you 're doing a lot on the job as that 's what needs to be done , you learn fucking mechanical and electrical engineering . 
  ever wondered where that `` highly educated workforce '' economists are talking about comes from ? 
  out of exactly this co-education scheme . 
  --  also why should the government pass on the expense of educating people onto employers at the expense of jobs for people who need them ? 
  you mean as opposed to the uk , where the expense is covered by student loans and whatnot ? 
  companies train because it 's a good way to get new people , it 's as simple as that . 
  yeah they pay a ( tiny ) wage but they also get productivity out of it . 
  though it has to be said that the truly disgusting pictures from beijing are due to wind carrying sand to it . 
  which , btw , is a battle they 've been fighting for quite some time now : not getting run over by the gobi expanding . 
  most of it comes from trees which did n't decompose fully as no fungus had yet learned to eat that revolutionary new building material `` lignin '' . 
  trees were literally growing on dead trees , accumulating and accumulating until fungi caught up . 
  does n't happen like that any more . 
   you can literally only learn a skill like checkout scanning on the job . 
  it 's does n't matter if one takes an apprenticeship or not . 
  the lowest qualification you get at aldi is salesperson , that 's a general education , 2 years . 
  next higher up ( 3 years ) or advancement course ( +1 year ) would be retail businessperson . 
  the additional year is basically spent on deepening stuff that the two years could n't properly cover , mostly in-depth business accounting . 
  you are more than qualified to open and run your own shop with that , it 's much more than just scanning shit . 
   i ca n't say i know how exactly this works in germany but `` apprenticeship '' in a lot of countries is just another form of exploitation . 
  apprenticeship means that you 're going to school part-time and working part-time . 
  the state teaches theory and gives a generic trade training , the company more focused and practical skills . 
  should a company not fulfill their end of the bargain ( which is to train the apprentice ) , they 're in for damages . 
  it 's all rather heavily regulated , and exists for practically all non-academic jobs . 
  burger flippers learn `` specialist for system gastronomy '' , same qualifications as for say a canteen , or you can take advancing courses towards cook , hotel service , you get the drift . 
  some of those trade diplomas are seriously high-paying , eg . 
  mechatronics . 
  others , like baker , are for people with either a serious passion or in need of a last chance . 
  he definitely was present when wendelstein-7x was inaugurated but that 's science and they 're both looking like little gleeful kids there ( which quantum physicist would n't ) . 
  [ he 's also at the summit ] ( https://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article164951115/joachim-sauer-mit-melania-trump-im-rathaus-von-catania.html ) . 
  might indeed be a dragging thing , merkel seems to try to get close to trump 's family to have someone at least remotely sane to talk to , someone he then would listen to . 
  hence also the panel with ivanka thing , that was pretty much unprecedented and certainly not an accident . 
  no , you witnessed technical correctness and the usual moping . 
  it 's generally not , it 's tradition : the civil servants are still there and doing their jobs , they 're just not receiving people . 
  that is , there 's separate times set aside for dredging through your files and talking to your files , this is vitally important as when you allow the files to talk all the time , the civil servants could start to believe that they 're dealing with humans . 
  the solution to that quagmire is to elect a proper mayor . 
  that kind of shit does n't happen in sh any more ever since we started to elect mayors directly , causing them to be usually be enthusiastic , party independent , career civil servants instead of politicians who would n't know where to begin fixing any bureaucratic issue . 
   such as taking minors who are already repeated offenders away from families when the parents were just unable to stop their kids , no , youth authorities will just descend on the family . 
  if they were the ones behind it all ? 
  parents are going to be left with nothing but visitation rights , if at all . 
  you have to weigh the rights of the kid , here : that of not being guided into a criminal career vs. not having their family torn apart , which is traumatic in nearly every case . 
  point 1 is also very , very likely to be unconstitutional as there 's ample legal , criminological , and development psychology reasoning behind it . 
  dunno how it is with foreigners , but if parents do such things , to such extent , to german kids they 'd quickly lose custody , and the kids get suitable foster parents -- as the kid has a right to * not * become a criminal , and be guided accordingly . 
  which is fucking bloody serious enough on its own . 
  allemans and saxons at least are tribes . 
  `` niemcy '' is general slavic for as as much as `` those we ca n't understood '' , cognate with modern russian `` mute '' . 
  where the romans got `` germania '' from is unknown . 
  not every country does . 
  now , please apply that logic backwards and see where it leads you . 
   i 'll just say i have doubts that a loan-based self-constructed housing cooperative will work . 
  i can see how you can turn a profit off it , as will anyone else . 
  it 's not completely loan-based , they have significant capital in it , too . 
  just like everybody else they had to front money to get a mortgage . 
  the important part is actually '' * sinti-run * housing cooperative '' : why would they fuck themselves over ? 
  same clan , even . 
  what the inhabitants want is a better chance for their kids as the job market for illiterate tradespeople is getting rather thin . 
  it being a tiny neighbourhood both provides cultural shelter , as well as more efficient and targeted social work from the state 's side , allowing issues to be addressed in a way that just would n't be possible in a scattered setting : ordinary social housing , ordinary welfare recipients , with the civil servants responsible not trained to deal with cultural idiosyncrasies , maybe not even aware of the fact that they got sinti in their office . 
  the end goal is to have little sinti settlements , out in the open and in contact and exchange with the rest of society , but also not endangered by assimilative forces , instead empowered to shape their culture to technological etc. 
  progress on their own . 
  that is what , at the very beginning , i meant by `` on eye level '' , this whole thing only started to work properly once that was done and sociologists stopped applying colonial logic in the guise of post-colonial terms and actions . 
  communication is only possible between equals . 
   we need people and funding and honestly we have neither . 
  well , there 's those eu funds . 
  billions , but that requires having plans adhering to rules and corruption safeguards , two things the romanian government does n't seem to be particularly good at . 
  see , it 's those corrupt romanians . 
  they know nothing but misappropriating funds for their own benefit , always funneling money to their clan , always electing government that will funnel money to their clan . 
  it 's an inherently criminal culture , an inherently criminal people . 
  ( / s , if that was n't obvious ), 
   as others have said on this board , from multiple countries , the entire thing will be torn down by it 's residents before they move on . 
  call it prejudice , but i think of it as experience . 
  they built the thing themselves and it 's been standing for 10 years now ( in work since 2003 , completed 2007 ) . 
  also , most of our sinti actually are n't nomadic ( just very prone to having a camper ) . 
  by `` built themselves '' i mean both organisationally ( maro temm is legally a housing cooperative ) as well as hands-on , which is no wonder most are tradespeople . 
  illiterate maybe , but that does n't mean you ca n't lay tiles . 
  the state , via its banks , helped with getting a credit ( as it would for other housing cooperatives ) , as well as made sure that social workers , the school system etc. 
  know what to do ( as it generally does in other situations ) . 
  the whole thing got kicked off by a state study , the idea presented to the sintis ' umbrella organisation , they considered it a good experiment and took over , just as the study suggested . 
  should it be successful ( and it kinda looks like it ) they 're going to build more little settlements in other cities ( or , rather , at the outskirts ) . 
  as said : from the state 's perspective the whole thing is already a success , for the sintis the remaining question is whether their grandkids will still be sintis ... they would , after all , be fully educated kids of parents with adequate education , and that 's a rather new thing in the community , they worry that those grandkids might just go off and study and become culturally saxon . 
  i somewhat doubt that , too much nest warmth to be had among sintis . 
  so yes it 's very fucking much prejudice . 
   all our problems are not actually institutional a paragraph before you just described one . 
  health care not arriving is an institutional problem . 
  you * can not * just say `` well they should just act like everyone else , thus it 's their own fault '' and call it a day . 
  what 's ordinary for one group of people may very well be kafkaesque or worse for the other , the state is not permitted to pick sides , there , it has to cater to everyone .
