  our abortion laws are absolutely uncontroversial . 
  fuck even the german catholic church likes them , though the vatican stepped in and made them stop offering counseling . 
  detractors are * very * fringe , either evangelicals or feminists that most feminists would n't be comfortable with calling `` feminist '' , both of course for exactly opposite reasons . 
  her position on gay marriage , likewise , is to make no move : the laws are standing still while the legal situation moves forwards as the constitutional court gets around making rulings . 
  -- that is , in a nutshell : she 's avoiding any progress to not piss off the more backwards people within her party , and she 's avoiding any regress to avoid pissing off everyone else , and most of all she avoids making anything of it a topic . 
  it 's working for her . 
  not to forget herbal tea !, 
   that includes takeaway pizza shops . 
  which are n't part of venice ? 
  since when ? 
  20 years ago they certainly were , there were a lot of small holes in the wall , mostly nestled into some back alley . 
  social democrat is centre , environmentalist straddles left and right . 
  i mean just have a look at baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  come on . 
  `` socialist '' and `` capitalist '' are nearly on par in that list . 
   not sure how this is tackled without compromising their thoroughfare throughfare can still be tax-free . 
  hamburg , for nearly 200 years , contained a quite sizable region that was , as far as tax was concerned , the high seas . 
  that region still exists in a sense it just became distributed . 
  it never was a tax haven in the sense of suitable to offshore profits from franchise licensing and such . 
  generally speaking : if hamburg can do it , then the only reason why rotterdam ca n't would be their cultural inferiority : they are n't * hanseatic * traders . 
  back in germany , the npd was once caught printing flyers in poland . 
  challenged by the press they answered , i kid you not , `` that 's germany , anyways '' . 
  i think the road to us statehood is by becoming a colony first , like puerto rico ? 
  the fuck do you want with freight ships the market is swamped . 
  completely crashed during the financial crisis , still has n't recovered : there 's just way too much capacity . 
  though in a sense all that was positive , it finally made hamburg buy up a large share of hapag-lloyd . 
  ca n't have that company in fickle private hands , private hands could decide to prefer rotterdam or , poseidon forbid , bremen , as harbour . 
  the legal meaning of `` morals '' is generally not `` no sex before marriage '' . 
  at least not in the contemporary west . 
  it 's more along the lines of `` two fighters can consent to bodily harm in a fair and rule-bound boxing match , but not two groups of hooligans wanting a 20vs20 on the streets '' . 
  there 's just no better concept for these kinds of delineations than `` morals '' . 
  the convention being international law of course makes this all even more complicated as you do n't have a rich , unified , legal tradition for interpreting these things . 
  in the end the answer is : it means whatever the echr rules it means . 
  or the ecj . 
  right now , neither is bound to the decisions of the other . 
  i did n't talk about wages . 
  they 're in fact completely orthogonal to what i described . 
  well they paid in they earned it did n't they . 
  algi is structured like an insurance for good reason : it covers you at little wage reduction for quite some time in case e.g. 
  your company goes belly-up so you have time to get something new before having to rely on actual social security where everyone gets equally little money . 
   musk fanboys are in that category of people who have enough of a grasp of science to believe they 're smart ( so , not much of a grasp at all ) and to have a vague understanding of musk 's latest buzzwords , but an insufficient grasp to actually engage in skepticism towards anything he says . 
  [ cargo cults ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cargo_cult_science ) need their messiahs , too . 
  the workers are going to get other jobs or push come to shove cash in on the dole , grohmann is rich , it 's tesla that 's the real loser . 
  you do n't have to welcome me to the real world where self-righteous and arrogant americans are digging their own graves , i 'm well aware of their penchant for that particular stupidity . 
  one of the two is now a lot richer , the other , also the workers , not . 
  oh , for sure it 's different . 
  i 've seen it again and again and i very much doubt this case will be any different : in one , maximally two years , there wo n't only be no grohmann engineering as a company , there wo n't be a single employee left and tesla is going to sit on a couple of machines and schematics they can neither operate nor read . 
  in the meantime , they 're going to try and throw good money after the money they already lost , right now , they 're just not realising it : if you break the trust relationship with german employees , try to micromanage , go about all pretending to know everything better and not have to listen to anyone , your company is absolutely done for : people are going to quit as soon as they have the opportunity . 
  which is going to be quite soon for most of them , it 's not as if there are n't other german sme engineering companies with bosses you can drink a beer with and , push come to shove , also always the giants . 
  that 's law in germany , the correction ( or , rather : counter-statement ) has to be presented at least as prominently as the original claim . 
  [ this is how rags like the bild look with such a front page ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/de/9/9c/bild_gegendarstellung.jpg ) . 
   it 's about deterrence , so they do n't even try anything like that . 
  the russians are not americans , by which i mean to say they do n't blindly start wars without clear objective and a good idea of how to actually and successfully achieve those objectives . 
  they 're not going to touch * any * eu or nato country , ever , for the simple reason that they know that it 's suicide . 
  if the need arises ... vw wolfsburg alone is capable of churning out at least 1000 4x4s * a day * , plus tank parts . 
  ca n't build whole tanks , too heavy , but still . 
  wars are won with logistics and production capacity as well as personnel reserves , not standing armies . 
  then , those polish tanks that are defending us are the exact same tanks that were defending us , we sold them for * very * cheap ... unlike the migs , which were a gift . 
  ( a euro a piece ) . 
  and that 's on top of germany being a net contributor to the eu , much unlike poland . 
  according to the nato ( do n't ask me where exactly i got it from , do n't remember ) russia would get to about the middle of poland before the counter-offensive from the western eu would roll straight through to moscow . 
  trying to stall them at the border would be strategically ill-advised , much too easy to flank and cut off from supplies , especially if stationed in the baltic states ( which , yes , would necessarily fall for some time , the area is a plaza for tanks . 
  indefensible ) . 
  we just sold nearly two thousand . 
  also , the is just managed to destroy some turkish ones , which is a world 's first . 
  only 2a4s , but still . 
  otoh , they were never really intended to fight in cities : they got them by shooting at their backs , where armor is comparatively weak . 
   if a system is so old that you can not get spare parts to do proper maintenance , maybe you should look into replacing it ? 
  all those transalls should have been scrapped long ago , however , the a400m got delayed a lot . 
  then we 're speaking about the military , here . 
  why scrap things if you can mothball them ? 
  of course , selling them for a token price to allies is also always an option , e.g. 
  a lot of leopards and basically all our migs are polish , now ( i think there 's one or two migs still in germany , museum pieces ) . 
  last , but not least : those statistics say `` fully operational '' and `` other '' . 
  `` fully operational '' and `` operational '' are quite different things : a submarine with broken dishwasher is not fully operational . 
  push come to shove a lot of those things could and would be used . 
  the kpd in particular got banned , there 's ample of other communist parties ... all irrelevant , all they basically ever do is saying that they 're trotskyites and accusing the others of being stalinists . 
  the kpd would not get touched today , that was back in 1956 , you can call them cold war victims . 
  in particular , nowadays to get a party banned it does not only have to oppose and work against the free and democratic basic order , it also has to be capable of making progress . 
  that 's why the npd ( nazi party ) did n't get banned . 
  kind of like how you ca n't get convicted of attempted murder if you are incapable of walking into a hardware store and buying an axe . 
  it 's not like die linke would have any distance to communism , though ... their left wing most definitely is communist , in alliance with the much more social democrat `` right '' wing . 
  where they are in power ( much of the east ) they 're nearly indistinguishable in policy from non-seeheimer ( think new labour ) spd people . 
  and antifa is n't a legal entity , not even organisation . 
  the uk wo n't stop having a large trade deficit with germany : you 're just going to pay more for the imports . 
  much of those exports are not easily replaced : it 's not like you can take some industrial machinery seedlings and plant them in the himalayas to have a colony that 's under better control than china produce the tea for you . 
  the whole uk car industry relies on germany . 
  i mean push come to shove we can just scrap it , after all we do own it . 
  obviously , that 's going to cause the uk to import a couple of cars more . 
  and , no , those 7500000 jobs do n't `` depend on the uk '' . 
  they 're automotive jobs , that 's all . 
  you have n't become any less reliable or predictable . 
  your position on the eu did n't really change , either : you 've always been standing right there , shoulders neatly aligned to the door frame , causing a draught . 
  either way this turns out at least we wo n't have that draught any more . 
   if he opposes islam , why is it strange to you that he opposes halal food ? 
  i oppose veganism , i do n't oppose vegetables being labelled vegan . 
  two different things . 
  the eu one in fact has [ quite some meaning ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/organic/eu-policy_en ) . 
  it may not be as strict as some wish , but it 's not at all meaningless . 
  the strictest organic certification that i 'm aware of is demeter .
