  a single well-managed say pineapple canning factory can do wonders to a wide stretch of land as the eu waives any and all import taxes for the poorest countries . 
  all you need to do is comply with eu hygiene etc. 
  standards and you have yourself a steady cashflow to small-scale farmers . 
  also , less corruption . 
  much less of that would be nice . 
  before the market controls were introduced the flensburg stadtwerke had a blast . 
  they build , for little money , essentially a giant tub with an immersion heater , getting paid to heat it , in the end actually earning money merely by operating their district heating , at least in good months . 
  district heating , alas , is quite rare in germany and i doubt end-consumers will ever be exposed to negative prices . 
  we just need much , much , more of those sinks and we can repeal those regulations without messing up the market . 
  in particular , we do n't want renewable energies to pay negative prices , not the least because the feed-in tariffs are still active . 
  the thing is : we have a ridiculously high peak electricity generation from wind already , without market controls we 'd have negative energy prices quite often . 
  that 's only going to get worse : while wind , at least offshore and distributed over some area , is baseload capable in the sense of availability , there 's always going to be peaks that fall far outside the `` steady-state '' baseload that those mills are , averaged over area , providing . 
  ( there 's a similar story with solar but a ) that 's in the south and b ) i do n't care about the south ) we need some way to store that energy . 
  as scandinavia only supplies us which that much hydropower to abuse as battery we need our own , and the solution is the already existing gas pipeline network : germany can store months worth of total ( ! ), 
  energy consumption in those , at operating pressures . 
  the equation goes electricity -  hydrogen -  methane , and yes it 's not very effective in round-trip terms . 
  it is , however , still excellent storage as once things are converted , you get very , very little losses over time , and the already-existing gas plants can continue to be used to stabilise net frequency . 
  industrial-scale prototypes of those gas synthesisers are already online . 
  producing hydrogen along the way and cutting out the methane production is no problem at all , it 's easier . 
  ( the reason to go to methane is to match the makeup of the current natural gas , the pipelines in principle can deal with pure hydrogen material-wise but you 'd have to switch out all the burners on the consumer side )  hydrogen also causes metal embrittlement and as the smallest molecule it is n't easy to handle , and it 's explosive too . 
  as said : the pipelines are built for it , the whole network started out as a hydrogen network ( back in the days , by gasifying coal ) and only later switched to natural gas . 
  as far as explosions are concerned ... that 's not going to happen in pipelines , at least not with our upkeep standards . 
  tanks are more of a problem so i 'd be sceptical when it comes to cars , too , we should rather synthesise liquid fuel , then . 
  trains , however ? 
  you can use metal-hydrate storage there as weight is n't nearly as much as an issue as with cars . 
  -- that all said , it 'd still be a splendid idea to just bloody electrify those tracks . 
  well the english also drink warm beer so i suppose they can . 
  lack of hipsters , for one . 
  though intel does n't even have a single fab there , it 's arizona , new mexico , oregon , massachusetts , then ireland , israel and china . 
  the east does have * very * good jobs . 
  say , globalfoundries dresden . 
  if you 're a highly-talented say brazilian silicon engineer ... would you choose dresden over some intel fab in the us , given all the xenophobic violence in the east ? 
  that 's the kind of job that can only be sanely filled by the best of the best -- that is , international recruiting , and that generates lots of jobs down the line : from the actual line workers to the electrician wiring up their apartments to the baker baking the bread for the electrician 's lunch . 
  never mind that our brazilian guy is neither arab nor muslim . 
  he looks different , that 's enough for many boneheads . 
  there 's going to be no articles ( with any impact ) on the rest of the issues the report addressed . 
  yes , of course they chose * a * juicy topic . 
  that there 's such a juicy aspect of the report is the reason it 's in the news in the first place , otherwise nobody would care and do opinion pieces instead . 
  usually , those reports go completely unnoticed by the public . 
  page five , small headline `` east still poor '' . 
  dog bites man . 
  there 's nothing wrong whatsoever with hamburg . 
  hannover is strange but somewhat acceptable , the rest is definitely already bavarians or some other kind of prussians . 
  the cdu right wing would like to differ . 
  the blue area is vestjysk , lower green area ( left of the line ) is s\u00f8nderjysk , north green \u00d8stjysk . 
  all are jutlandic , the poor folks in the \u00d8stjysk region had to suffer raids and oppression from sjaellish devils ( island on the right , originally from skane ) for the longest time . 
  albania has been an accession candidate since 2014 . 
  did n't those guys at one point arrest their own top boss for corruption ? 
  the stories you hear from that thing ... 
  i think netflix should make a show out of it . 
  there 's a couple of articles about the east catching up ( but , well , not nearly achieving parity ) , the bulk , the story , the thing that gets on the google news frontpage due to * everybody and their dog * reporting it this way , is `` xenophobia is endangering the economy '' . 
  articles about renewable energies in east vs. west ? 
  you 've got ta be kidding me . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  someone somewhere might write a more in-depth article combining all those things , yes , but it 's not what the story is , today . 
  [ and that story is certainly what you 're going to hear in the evening news ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/fremdenhass-ostdeutschland-103.html ) . 
  of course it is , cherry-picking is one kind of spin . 
  it 's also propaganda . 
  which does n't mean it 's bad , or unwarranted . 
  there 's no such a thing as neutral reporting and using different terms for that fact depending on whether or not you like the particular spin is disingenuous . 
  i 'm not demanding that they do anything else than what they 're doing , it 's a good spin . 
  they 're choosing the headline and focus of their articles . 
  the report itself says a ton of individual things , there 's a lot to choose from . 
  and politico is even ignoring economical impact completely ( and economy overall almost completely ) . 
  which is a thing i actually only noticed after i already posted , i probably would have chosen a different english source if i had n't missed that . 
  [ e.g. 
  the nigerian guardian ] ( http://guardian.ng/news/xenophobia-threatening-peace-in-eastern-germany/ ) . 
  and i 'm not complaining !, 
  connecting all that far-right assclownery to economical troubles is a good way to keep protest/discontent votes away from the far-right . 
  most people there are afraid for their jobs , not of refugees . 
  countering the far-right 's narrative ( `` all your problems are due to foreigners and do-gooders '' ) is a good thing . 
  [ some more detail in the german press , emphasising economic trouble that causes ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/regierungsbericht-zur-deutschen-einheit-fremdenhass-schadet-der-wirtschaft-im-osten/14578934.html ) , as well as [ the report itself ] ( https://www.bundesregierung.de/content/de/artikel/2016/09/2016-09-21-kabinett-bericht-deutsche-einheit.html ) . 
  the economical angle actually seems to be * the * spin german press is giving this . 
  austrians are the same tribe as bavarians and no i do n't understand a lick of austro-bavarian unless you write it down , the various german languages are n't mutually intelligible . 
  there 's no such thing as `` american languages '' . 
  there 's about two dialects of english there ( wasp and aave ) . 
  unless with `` american languages '' you mean native american languages . 
  lots of linguistic variety there , but not with regards to english . 
  it 's education that comes after secondary education , at least in my book . 
  that 's because the trade education is usually not academic , not because it 's not tertiary . 
  it 's just that certain tertiary qualifications count as sufficient secondary qualification to enrol in some ( or all ) tertiary programmes . 
  a journeyman certificate actually * is * tertiary education , but they do n't seem to include it here . 
  which what is what ? 
  that actually depends on interpretation . 
  over here in germany turks tend to eat the same meat as everyone else , barring pork ( unless we 're talking alewis ) . 
  i guess it stands to reason that the original rules meant `` unconscious before '' as in `` passed out because they 're ill '' , and not `` knocked out just seconds before the cut '' . 
  ... which then reduces the difference more or less to `` a prayer has been spoken '' , which again not everyone really cares about . 
  or you would n't see industrial-scale butcher houses in turkey where said prayer is blaring in most atrocious lo-fi out of speakers from a repeating tape . 
  after all , it 's not like western butchers do n't bleed out the animal , or that meat becomes haram because someone * else * is making sausage out of the blood . 
  there 's , realistically speaking , no such thing as downloading without uploading with bittorrent . 
  i mean you can hack up your bittorrent client and prevent it from uploading but other peers are quickly going to shitbin you . 
  if there 's sufficient spare capacity in the swarm you 'll get by but not otherwise . 
  if low saxon is one ( which it is now , by eu decree , and rightly so ) then so is bavarian . 
  bavaria just did n't bother to register it , probably because it 's not endangered in the first place . 
  scots and cockney are probably closer than either of those two to standard german or to each other . 
  we kind of got over the whole `` you do n't have an army , you ca n't be a language '' thing . 
  well yes that 's one of those minorities . 
  there 's also a swabian , not to mention franconian , minority in bavaria . 
  austrian actually is a language , in particular the same as bavarian . 
  standard german is one particular high german dialect , in particular the one influenced by low german phonetics ( and the tagesschau is slowly but steadily sneaking in more and more of that ) as well as high-brow literature etc.
