  of course , putin at the same time turning a blind eye towards oligarchy in the agricultural sector is n't really helping much in that regard as that 's stifling investments from anyone without the financial and social capital to have a bunch of hired thugs harvest other people 's fields and then bribe judges should the uppity peasants try to sue afterwards . 
  and even rich as fuck as those people are , they only can expand their operations so fast . 
  it would definitely be faster in a more sane economical and legal environment , but , well , pesky peasants also would n't necessarily feel obliged to the powers in the kremlin that be . 
  business as usual in russia . 
   if you can read you can pass it most naturally born germans in fact would fail it due to lack of political education . 
  also , nothing whatsoever makes anyone culturally german . 
  you end up being bavarian , hamburger , whatnot , but certainly not some fuzzy thing that nobody knows what it actually is . 
  and , just for the record : you must have been here * legally * . 
  ahh , good ole english understatement . 
  well the significant bloodshed is happening anyways right now , is n't it . 
  how about homemade pizza then , does n't need eggs either . 
  properly done the dough needs at least two days of ripening in the fridge , though ( 100 parts flour 50-70 water 2 parts ( as always ) salt very little yeast knead with oil forget tipo00 use german spelt 660 ) and also oven-wise you have to make concessions as home ones generally do n't achieve the right temperature , which is infernal hell . 
  oh , and while you 're busy waiting for the dough also let the sauce ripen properly , just sear some finely minced garlic , add water and good tomato concentrate , salt or maybe broth , boil until done , add oregano , let cool and put in fridge . 
  if you 're in the country to stay or visit , as opposed to e.g. 
  just a transit flight not even going through passport control : if you 're on german soil , you 're supposed to know the laws . 
  you may hope for leniency , but ignorance is not a defence . 
  it 's not like the laws are secret , or tourist information brochures would n't mention it ( alongside with , depending on where you 're from , `` do n't even think of trying to bribe officials '' and `` no you do n't have to hide your beer in a bag '' ), 
  that 's the bail , which they have to pose as people not living in the country are regularly considered to be a flight risk . 
  the actual penalty will be a handful of day 's income worth of fine or even nothing , in case state attorney or judge throw the case out due to negligibly , that very much depends on your behaviour . 
  there was a story about a canadian some time ago who managed that . 
  the police around the reichstag are remorseless though and definitely will spoil your plans for the day ( if necessary , with paperwork alone ) . 
  the reichstag is about the last place in germany where you 'd want to allow the salute to become normalised , they 're not going to look away . 
  yeah those people obviously are unamerican because they hate the hand of the free market . 
  jep , jackpot : most importantly for the bottom line , washing enables farmers to have atrocious hygiene conditions and still have people buy them . 
  it 's the same with chlorinated chicken : it 's not that chlorinating them would be unsafe for humans , but that if you ca n't do it you ca n't have chickens in your barn that start to rot while still living because of cramped , unhygienic conditions and sitting in their own filth all day because they ca n't even walk , due to an overdose of growth hormones . 
  but the us hates regulation . 
  otoh it does love the free market so my advice would be a single regulation to get closer to the perfect flow of information necessary for that : require all animal products to come with an up-to-date , high-res picture of the living conditions . 
   that is objectively not true . 
  look at the effective tax rate of ubi + flat tax : gross income , -50 % flat tax , +1000 ubi : net income , effective tax rate 1000 , -500 , +1000 : 1500 , -50 % . 
  which is not only similar to , but mathematically equivalent , to ubi + flat tax . 
  put in the same numbers , get out the same results . 
  only difference is that with ubi + flat tax , you do n't need to know how much someone earns in total to know how much every single euro of income is getting taxed at , making collection easier ( e.g. 
  outsourcing it to the banks ) . 
  they * are * getting taxed way more . 
  it 's the effective tax rate that counts , and only the effective tax rate . 
  because it 's much easier to just give it to everyone without anyone proving that they need it . 
  let 's have some example numbers : gross income , -50 % flat tax , +1000 ubi : net income , effective tax rate 1000 , -500 , +1000 : 1500 , -50 % . 
  it 's a linear transformation , gross * tax + ubi = net . 
  the `` reason '' this is progressive is because one is a multiplicative , the other an additive term . 
  other system emulate the same thing ... badly , their resulting effective tax rates are n't nearly as pleasantly looking , they have bumps all over the place . 
  to tax any individual euro you do n't need to know total income , which makes it very easy to administer , e.g. 
  banks directly sending capital gains to the tax office . 
  if you do n't give it to the rich , too , people would have to stand in line at some bureocrat 's office and apply for it ... what 's the point , besides giving the bureaucrat something to do ? 
  the difference between ( in this example ) 50 % tax and 49.9999 % is n't worth that . 
  to misinterpret that you need to either be * really * bad at germanic languages in general ( as in : the word order just does n't work like that ) , or do it on purpose . 
  knowing my compatriots , i suspect the latter . 
  in the current system that either requires a job or subjecting yourself to bureaucracy and constraints not even kafka was able to envision . 
  indeed i ca n't understand how people do n't understand that the billionaire is going to pay more taxes than they get in ubi . 
  ubi plus flat income tax is actually mathematically equivalent to progressive taxation . 
  we were talking about swedish women and why they are less likely to be engineers than bangladeshi women even though gender equality is more advanced in sweden , i do n't think us race relations play into that . 
  to get to the bottom of this we 'd need proper statistics on how career choices actually came to be , all i was arguing is a possible factor to look out for in questionnaires . 
  no doubt in the end , career choice is n't monocausal . 
  my point is that due to men and women relating to the biological act differently , and such pondering being able to influence pondering about one 's career , even if subconsciously , a statistical difference between the sexes when it comes to career choice can actually be a sole factor for a difference in outcome . 
  sure , there 's a lot of career choice differences that ca n't be readily explained by it , that are very likely to be influenced more by society . 
  my whole point is that men and women do n't start from the same blank slate , is all . 
  as to what to do about it ? 
  i think emancipation is much more important than outcome statistics so it should be sufficient if people know that such a bias can exist . 
  the choice of whether to follow or fight it is theirs . 
  ... or at least that 's what i would 've liked to be able to tell my sister years back when the world lost an excellent mathematician and gained a ( probably also excellent ) special needs pedagogic . 
  men ca n't get pregnant , nor ( under usual circumstances ) breastfeed . 
  women do . 
  thus , in the context of reproduction , it is their role to be the pregnant and nursing ones . 
  for this role , they are not entirely unlikely to prepare mentally at some point in their life . 
  can we agree that far ? 
  of note : a strike at basf at the same time us antitrust authorities are ok ` ing the dow chemicals - dupont merger . 
  so economic war it is , then . 
   this is essentially trump and ( former exxon ceo ) secretary tillerson trying to get europe onto american gas . 
  you sure you do n't want to have a closer look at dow chemicals and dupont instead , which just got their merger ok ` ed by antitrust authorities ... the only possible way to ever catch up to basf when it comes to sheer size . 
  the fuck where did i say `` fixed '' . 
  i most * explicitly * described the thing as a thought process and moreover mere tendencies , not hard rules . 
  short-circuit reactions such as yours are the reason it 's impossible to have a sane conversation . 
  consider the possibility that , all other things being equal , women may be more likely to entertain `` nursing '' thoughts simply because they relate to `` having kids '' in a different manner than men because their biotruth-role in that endeavour is a different one . 
  in a materially secure society , then , said women could be more likely to drift into the direction of `` provide a cozy and nice environment for others '' direction than `` provide for the material well-being of my children '' while men , relating to the biotruth in their own way , are likely to think `` providing '' thoughts in both cases . 
  thus , given the same mechanism , in different material circumstances , without any change in culture , outcomes can differ . 
  because circumstances change ? 
  obviously , it should be a holstein nettle leaf . 
  d\u00f6ner is * never * pork-based in germany , by guild law . 
  it 's also always 100 % meat and spices , if you want to use ground meat you have to have use proper meat to hold everything together , not starch or such . 
  common are veal and chicken , sometimes other poultry , lamb is rare . 
  too long . 
  `` inselaffenfallaffeltafel '' would work , though . 
  bonus points if you have hnefatafl boards to play on . 
  [ have a look here ] ( http://plattmakers.de/nds/suche=lesen ) : the correct imperative is `` lees ! '' . 
  spelling is debatable ( low saxon `` les '' would be pronounced as standard german `` less '' ) . 
  as schleswig-holstein considers both standard german and low saxon to be `` german '' in the sense of `` administrative language '' you 've got no ground to stand on . 
  we have one !, 
  a whole fleet . 
  tried to force the rest of germany to accept the language status of low saxon but we had to abandon the plan after the first cruiser ran aground in the rhine . 
  [ platt is keen dialekt nich man ik dei di vergeven ] ( http://plattmakers.de/nds/suche=lesen ) . 
   other stuff is way harder , like remembering what the fuck you said at the start of a clause so that you can conjugate it at the end les mehr kant , das trainiert die aufmerksamkeitsspanne . 
  they 're the gutter-level of fischbr\u00f6tchen . 
  small stands are usually great but it 's a bit hit-and-miss , if you want a proper one go to the fish monger , generally you do n't even need to go to the baker first , the monger is also prone to have the necessary raw onion . 
  if they 're putting sauce on things run far , run fast , but run . 
  `` yay i 'm going to get exploited as a minimum-wage worker '' is a rather low standard of fairness , do n't you think ? 
   immigration only really negatively impacts the poor . 
  yet if immigration was stopped , and acquiescing that that would benefit the uk 's economy ( do n't want to argue that point ) , do you really believe the poor would get their share ? 
   according to the tories they will cut down immigration and only fill roles that ca n't be filled by the native population . 
  then why have n't they done so already when it comes to non-eu immigration . 
  the way i see it : you 're making excuses for them . 
   frankly i do n't .
