  exactly , and the economical framework is not alike at all . 
  just look at e.g. 
  all that eu legislation when it comes to worker 's rights . 
  the whole economical system is ordoliberal , heck it was introduced by the cdu !, 
  even the eu is ordoliberal . 
  if you do n't believe that , have a look at the us . 
  back in the days it was `` laurusbeere '' ( or , rather , the ancient equivalent ) . 
  it may be a word in a different language but it is a word . 
  you forgot to take apart lorbeeren , then , which is a name part and berries . 
  or , rather , `` laurus '' and `` beere '' . 
  you indeed can . 
  they do meet in the place that 's the default economic stance of the pirates : more social * and * more market . 
  that does n't mean deregulation , a free and a deregulated market are two completely different things . 
  in the pirate case that 's a matter of having lots of near-precarian entrepreneurs , with the spd and fdp it 's about remembering what ordoliberalism is . 
  well `` banned '' is a harsh word word making such things enforceable is a darn can of worms : you 're legally requiring a mother who just got a kid to hand it over to another person , a baby she might have developed a relationship to that was not imaginable to her when she signed the contract . 
  in germany you ca n't offer medical services to enable such a thing , e.g. 
  the artificial insemination involved ( though i guess if you do n't tell , they will not ask ) , it 's also forbidden for adoption agencies etc. 
  to arrange such a thing , and finally any contract requiring a mother to give up her baby , or for that matter the childless couple to adopt the baby , is not enforceable . 
  kid 's rights regarding their biological parents also exist . 
  it 's still possible , though , you just ca n't rely on a contract . 
   this is even strategically the right move that is not how the legislative process works , this has been in the pipeline for quite a while . 
  there 's quite a difference between not allowing adoptions , and taking kids away from their adoptive family on vacation because they 're minors not accompanied by a legal guardian . 
  this one is about the latter case . 
   maybe it would be better to tackle some of the more pressing matters first that , alas , is not how the eu works . 
  due to the negotiating involved in everything things take time , the pipeline is quite long . 
  also , politics can , indeed , and do , care about more than one issue at a time !, 
  i 'm actually not sure about the situation in germany but in family law we tend to accept anything done abroad unless it 's right-out anti-constitutional . 
  a sheikh being ordered to pay alimony after divorcing his second wife even though he argued that she could n't possibly be his wife under german law ... does n't matter , he married legally back home while everyone was mature and consented , he pays . 
  ( this is one of two ways -- the other being private contracts -- in which you can get a german court to make a ruling based on the shariah . 
  works with every law system ), 
  it 's not even so much nimbyism it 's network operators being cheap fucks and insisting on not burying their cables ... even in tourist destinations . 
  [ hvdc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high-voltage_direct_current ) is a thing , heck a line from scotland to iceland is in planning . 
  ok , let 's , for the sake of argument , pretend for a bit that turkey got rid of erdogan and like ilk , and is a properly stable democracy . 
  let 's also forget about religion because that is bullshit . 
  then there 's still another problem : turkey is freakishly big : nearly as many inhabitants as germany , accession would heavily influence the political balance in parliament with potential for a lot of instability and upheaval . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's impossible to do , but it needs to be done at a time where the eu can manage such an impact well ... and for that , we first have to get our own shit straight . 
  see , first off the spd a la grand coalition is not a left-wing party . 
  it 's centre , at best , though it 's actually already dead centre when it 's the ruling coalition member . 
  then it 's the junior partner of the cdu who are definitely right wing , merkel or not . 
  i know from an american or whatnot perspective they all may look like pinkie commies , but you 're really off , there . 
  and of course the spiegel gets shit wrong . 
  does n't mean they lean , though , they just like to stir shit , no matter whose . 
  of course , of course . 
  reason being that we currently have a right-wing government . 
  so you 're saying american men love it when others grab their women by the pussy ? 
  no they do n't have a * political * leaning . 
  when the left is in power , the spiegel is decried as right-wing , when the right is in power , it is decried as left-wing . 
  what they * do * lean towards to is being an inconvenience to power . 
  dunno if that makes them anarchists , you could just as well say it makes them proper journalists . 
  ( oh , and this only applies to the print magazine . 
  the online stuff is very often tabloid ) . 
  case in point , a long-running bestseller book is [ the hidden life of trees ] ( https://www.amazon.com/hidden-life-trees-communicate-discoveries/dp/1771642483/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_product_top?ie=utf8 ) . 
  in which other country could you write a book about trees and have it be a hit ( being a bestseller elsewhere * after * it was in germany does n't count , publishers love to translate and advertise any kind of bestseller ) . 
  you 're forgetting about investment , as well as the fact that some companies ( say , vw ) produce in china for china which does n't show up in goods but capital flow and cross-finances car production over here . 
  but even if you do n't accept that : 20 billion are nothing , given their size ... and the size difference . 
  it 's just no comparison to the us . 
  as in `` we still have manufacturing and the jobs associated with it '' . 
  we have an export surplus with china . 
  his judo is very very decent , though . 
  you do n't have to have denmark to be danish . 
  case in point : our cherished minority . 
  secondly ... 
  i think most people , at least outside of germany , do n't get what a federation actually * is * . 
  even the danish kingdom , as a country made up of several countries , does n't really compare as denmark proper is just too dominant . 
  but , pray tell , sjellischer d\u00fcvel : is denmark an existential threat to the faroer ? 
  yep , the eu definitely has too many presidents . 
  and europe has too many councils , how about renaming the eu one to senate . 
  from poland 's perspective it is . 
  for one , because they share a border , secondly , history . 
   she should read her holy book , not taking the iman 's word for it . 
  and you inferred that she did n't do the former but the latter from what ? 
  it 's got more to do with shutting down grandma . 
  well , for one the quran says to obey the laws of the land , forbids conversion by sword and stuff . 
  you can be sure that they would take up arms should they be genocided , but , well , that 's usually not the case . 
  wahabis are salafists , too , that is , saudi arabia is a country stock-full of them . 
  and , indeed , * most * of them are more or less `` amish '' , or sa 's politics and society would look rather differently indeed . 
  well yes and no the `` cover your chest '' part is only mentioned for women . 
  which means that men can dress modestly with bare chest , which means that the `` not unnecessarily revealing '' part should n't be interpreted too restrictively . 
  also , none of that says anything about actually enforcing things . 
  source , btw : german-turkish ex-gf . 
  * actual * salafism also forbids violence , you could call them the amish of the muslim world . 
  isis gets slammed for their interpretation of things by literally ( and i mean literally ) every other islamic creed , liberal , moderate , conservative , paleo-conservative , does n't matter . 
   i have not yet found where the burka is compulsory in islam , but the hijab is ( hair is covered but face is showing ) . 
  the quran speaks about dressing modestly and covering the chest , that 's it . 
  also , not be more revealing than necessary but face it e.g. 
  on the beach it is necessary to be quite revealing . 
  in warm weather it 's prudent to wear shorts and t-shirts ( well , at least at our latitudes ) . 
  hot pants and tank top all day would probably push it . 
  the thing is , as so often , that social norms in places interpret `` modest '' to be a different thing than you 'd expect . 
  there 's really no frisian parts of holstein , there 's frisian parts of schleswig . 
  though really that 'd be north frisia , not schleswig , nowadays , given that neither holstein nor schleswig still exist as duchies . 
  `` holstein '' means so much as `` wood saxony '' ( c.f. 
  `` holt '' ) , not `` wood frisia '' . 
  to make matters worse , though , there 's one part of north frisia which is nowadays ( but definitely not traditionally ) administratively part of holstein , to be specific heligoland , which is part of the district of pinneberg . 
  because the ferry goes from wedel . 
  which is why i can vote for the ssw in state elections , it 's the only holstein district they run in ... and you definitely wo n't see cows on heligoland . 
  -- back to cattle : they 're an american re-import , settlers over there bred it from stock coming from all of north holland and friesland ( both netherlands , the latter is * west * frisia ) , and holstein . 
  `` holstein '' is just a shortening of holstein-frisian , here . 
  the treaties say ( since the beginning , btw , not only since maastricht much less lisbon ) `` ever closer union '' . 
  not `` federalise '' .
