  oh the schufa definitely got told to tone it back down , e.g. 
  when it comes to geography-based ranking , judging your credit score by whether you live near people with low credit score . 
  though there 's different levels , i think they * do * do geography-based ranking for queries such as `` i 'm an online trader , should i require pre-payment or is elv/invoice ok '' . 
  i do n't mind the presence of a bubble , what i * do * mind is not being told that i 'm getting bubbled . 
  google could e.g. 
  say `` demoting results for gaming as you seem to be searching for programming-related things a lot '' when i do , in fact , search for something involving rust -- which is the name of both a game and a programming language . 
  how they actually figure out that filter i do n't care about , just that they tell me what final filtering they applied ( and , ideally , also give the option of disabling ) . 
  i can assure you that our sintis here in schleswig-holstein have no idea how to deal with romanian roma , either . 
  there 's some that do social work in hamburg but , well , only moderately more successful than saxons . 
  being a minority that 's represented in many different places does n't suddenly mean that you 're all the same , heck even have common ground past the superficial , as the surrounding culture shapes cultural expression of the minority whether you want it to or not . 
  ( and that 'd be true even if e.g. 
  their language was n't close to being mutually incomprehensible etc ) . 
  iceland has a smaller population than switzerland ... in fact , about the same as zurich . 
  that 's not to say that the swiss do n't fuck up massively from time to time when it comes to setting policy , or that it would be my favourite system . 
  a random jury drafted , with proper statistical distribution , from the population would be my favourite : ordinary people but with the time to actually sit down and discuss things through . 
  flank that with more ordinary elections for parties , that 's for funds allocation and getting to file motions with the jury . 
   but i also would never consider voting for the german pirates because they ca n't get their act together . 
  and that 's exactly why the sh pirates will probably not re-enter state parliament though they definitely , * definitely * deserve it , the biggest confusion they were ever in involved the faction head resigning because he assumed he did n't have proper backing any more , only to be re-instated two , three days later . 
  concerning actual parliamentary work , they 've been most excellent . 
  which includes the occasional anecdote like taking notes on typewriters to protest a planned ban on laptops , yes , but also tons upon tons of actual state politics . 
  berlin fucked it up for everyone . 
  one more reason to hate that excuse for a city ... 
   i 'm confused . 
  ... about vegan density , yes . 
  the difference between the pirate greenness and green greeness is that often , greens just want to save some hamster , no matter the cost to humans . 
  pirates are more of a `` not fucking up the environment is helping along humans in the long run '' green . 
  just compare the vegan density between both parties to see what i mean . 
  this has nothing to do with iceland and everything with pirates . 
  the german federal pirate 's manifesto in english ] ( http://wiki.piratenpartei.de/parteiprogramm/en ) . 
  election manifestos ( which are less generic ) and state manifestos might not be available , but at the least you 're getting a very good idea of the general direction of the push . 
  hershey contains 11 % cocoa total , the lowest chocolate category in the eu is `` family milk chocolate '' , with a 20 % minimum . 
  chocolate proper is 35 % . 
  what you have there is a confectionery product with chocolate content . 
  also , pgpr in a bar are those people nuts , also , artificial flavour ? 
  but i bet it blends well with cheese which began its life as crude oil ... 
  that 's not even close to being chocolate . 
  aside from the added butyric acid ( why ? 
  ) , it 's lacking severely in one major ingredient : cocoa . 
  i hope you 're not saying that correlation is causation , here . 
  it 's true though that social participation is one of the things you need to pay attention to in basic income schemes , currently nobody knows how it 'd work out , ignoring for a while confounding factors ( such as not having even a proper western primary education much less trade skills , complete lack of integration etc ) : the basic * psychological * factor to make sure that people do n't isolate themselves is having them do anything -- literally anything -- jointly with others . 
  keeps them active , their mind not in outcast mode , and therefore also available for the job market , should they be needed . 
  a possible way to alleviate such concerns , though , would be to scale the basic income back to bare basics , provided in goods not money , if they do n't either a ) pay income tax ( and if it 's 50 cents a month ) or b ) participate at least once a week , two hours or such , in some kind of group activity , freely chosen . 
  sing in a choir , visit a cooking course , read to kids , does n't matter . 
  the scaling back should only apply when there 's a consistent pattern over at least two , three months , after warning . 
  it would create less of an underclass as we already have , and the reason is that it 's unconditional . 
  that is : you do n't lose it even if you earn a little extra , and you do n't lose it if you take up a job but terminate it already after a month . 
  as it 's now , there 's a lot of people who are perpetually unemployed , making up a class . 
  if , in the future , we have more people who work sporadically , including people who are n't in a lower educational bracket but taking ample time to do something more worthwhile with their time than working for money , that is going to eradicate the hash boundary we currently have between the employed and unemployed . 
  that is , a basic income might actually be a way to eradicate the lumpenproletariat as a class , as that class is not really defined by employment status ( think of e.g. 
  stay-at-home parents ) but a social stigma against not working for money . 
  currently only the very rich , people who can live off assets , can escape that , with a basic income everyone can . 
  the earliest treaties with isds were netherlands < -  indonesia and italy < -  tschad . 
  they 're an outgrow of post-colonial relations that now are applied in treaties between developed nations , too , presumably at the behest of capital interest as those * love * to have special treatment and extra options to get at money . 
  let 's have an example , and that is sweden ( in the form of vattenfall ) suing germany over the nuclear exit . 
  german nuclear operators sued , up to the constitutional court , and lost . 
  vattenfall said `` eh but we 're not german , we 're special '' and started an isds complaint . 
  even though they were not treated * any * differently than domestic operators , neither in regulation nor the courts . 
  that 's the kind of shit isds enables . 
  isds was invented to deal with states that have no proper functioning legal system , to make sure a * not outright horrible * is in place to settle civil disputes . 
  neither canada nor any eu member state is such a state and common isds courts would be a downgrade in quality from what 's already there . 
  it 's actually tradition . 
  for french diplomats , annoying english diplomats is a sport . 
  goes back a millennium or so at least . 
  each country gets to nominate a single language to be official in the eu , and the irish nominated irish . 
  malta , the third country in which english is official language , nominated maltese . 
  scotland , assuming they become independent , might just declare scots gaelic . 
  in any case the english as actually spoken in brussels and around is going to change a lot from what english are used to if england is n't there , any more , to defend received . 
  it 's already a rather strange dialect in places , that development would only accelerate . 
   but i 'm wondering why there is no annual charge to have them in other countries ? 
  if you issue a credit card in the us it actually gets used , not so much over here : lots of people who 'd use it once , twice a year online for small transactions , yet you have administrative overhead . 
  as the interest from those transactions is n't going to cover that , there needs to be a base fee . 
   rather than having your bank account being immediately directly involved . 
  i 'm thinking online payments/bookings . 
  there 's generally two ways to pay online with a giro card : once , not using the giro card at all and telling the shop to debit the amount from your account ( lastschrift ) . 
  those you can cancel , they can also bounce . 
  then there 's things like giropay ( proper ) or sofortueberweisung ( ugh ) which are just a usual money transfer with the additional benefit that the shop knows instantly that the money is on its way and will arrive so that they can start to pack your stuff before they actually got the money . 
  in * either * case , dispute settlement is left to customer and shop , push come to shove a court . 
  with credit cards or also paypal both sides are bound to the whim of the payment provider , which usually handle those things atrociously . 
  you get a service , you pay for it ? 
  it 's not like your usual girocard is n't connected to the payment systems of credit card providers , it 's that they are n't credit cards -- saving the bank a * lot * of trouble as once you pay , you actually paid . 
  credit card fraud is rampant costing the operators billions yearly , all that is recouped by fees and interest . 
  even with the older elv , the bank is keeping itself out of the equation : when you cancel a lastschrift , it 's you and whoever did the debit that have to figure it out . 
  what makes you think that a thing which costs your bank significant money should be offered for free ? 
  lastly : it 's only people who do n't have a girocard who ever have any trouble paying electronically in germany . 
  you just do n't need a credit card . 
  of course you can lay your own fibre , the telekom has no say there : just get a digging permit from the city/district , which wo n't be much of a problem . 
  messing as you wish with the dslams , now that is a different question , so you ca n't just fibre-enable those and then use the telekom 's last mile . 
  if you start to lay down fibre somewhere , the telekom tends to jump in and beat you to market . 
  usually , by switching the region to vdsl . 
  and , no , noone has to share fibre lines , at least for quite some while . 
  the last-mile sharing applies to old copper that 's laying there for sometimes more than 100 years now , that the telekom did n't lay down , they largely inherited it during privatisation . 
  and they 're paid for other isp 's usage . 
  there * are * regions where you get ftth regularly , though , and the telekom is losing ground , or completely lost it , regardless of their anti-competetive behaviour . 
  norderstedt for example sunk about 43 million euro from 1999-2002 to fibre up essentially the whole city ( 80k inhabitants ) , as utility . 
  by now the investment has recouped and they 're expanding in neighbouring areas . 
  why did it work ? 
  well , for one , a municipality doing it on their own is a different kind of beast than anyone else as a municipality 's utility knows how to dig in the city . 
  the second reason is that the telekom was still asleep . 
  why would you use a credit card when you have a direct debit card that draws from your account that does come with your account at no additional charge ? 
  it did include rome for quite some time and the emperor was crowned by the pope so yes both holy and roman apply .
