   and then those communities use ethno-traditionalism to excuse their own self-exclusion and actually punish those trying to help for getting involved in `` changing their culture '' . 
  yeah that 's the exact thing that maro temm addresses , but you ca n't just expect it to work in romania ... not in the current situation , that is . 
  maybe in some extraordinary rare place , but do n't count on it . 
   do something , or at the very least do n't make it worse by arguing for cures that do n't work . 
  with , granted , education ( already being a complex , and worst of all cultural , topic ) aside ... the fuck would not work about `` do n't discriminate in the health system '' ? 
  it may not have the impact you 're hoping for , it will * not * , on its own , end self-segregation , but at least it 's able to provide a baseline of trust . 
  the `` we 're not currently planning on exterminating you or making your situation worse '' kind . 
  forget about culture . 
  leave them their separation , they have all the right in the world to be culturally independent . 
  offer contact , do n't demand , help anyways . 
  i had to argue with people here on reddit who were saying things like `` germany has mandatory schooling if the maro temm kids do n't come to school everyday the police should fetch them '' -- yeah , that would be the exact wrong approach , and luckily our education system is more flexible than that : by now maro temm parents are rather indistinguishable from mainstream society parents in that regard . 
  they wanted their kids to go to school from the get-go , but now are also enforcing it : tummy ache ? 
  years ago the answer all too often was `` well then you should stay at home '' , now it 's `` doctor or school , take your pick kid '' . 
  working with demands and force , though , would 've quickly destroyed the initial trust , re-establishing segregation . 
  those kids have grandparents who were picked up from school by the gestapo and sent to camps , after all . 
  this is a multi-generation project , you can not address things in any other way . 
  there 's hope , though : romania is dragging itself out of corruption which is hopefully leading to it actually accessing the eu funds it 's more than entitled to , and hopefully the majority of the population is n't * that * vicious as to deny roma those eu funds out of pure spite -- it 's not like they would be getting them otherwise , after all . 
  maybe then roma will get their healthcare , no strings attached . 
  the greek constitution imposes several forms of rulership on the people so it might be a law , but it is not anarchist law , and neither ius . 
  however , there can be law without rulership . 
  in that sense , anarchists are the * only * people who want * only * ius to rule , as opposed to say rich ship owners setting their own tax laws , contrary to ius . 
   trying to get historic about it is intellectual masturbation . 
  i went historic to explain how things turned out so differently in different counrties , that 's all . 
   i welcome you to volunteer in romania and give it a go . 
  well , first of all you should stop state discrimination in education and health care ( and make sure to actually access the eu funds you 're entitled to ) . 
  but that does n't really seem to be a political option in romania ( much less hungary ) and that 's the beginning of `` you suck at minority politics '' : do n't take this as `` you , the people who actually care '' , it 's `` you , ( ethnic ) romanians , as a group '' . 
  and even that is an observation , not so much judgement : i know very well that sh 's status as de-facto world leader in minority politics has its unique reasons , and even then the cdu had to be dragged kicking and screaming into accepting our sinti as autochtone minority -- 700 years really should suffice , i think . 
  not that that stopped kiel 's city administration , though : you 're welcome to learn from examples such as maro temm , though i 'm reasonably sure it 's too advanced a solution in many places -- the model is very much meant to be a permanent one , not a step towards a goal . 
  but it does show how the different cultural needs , expectations etc can be balanced . 
  the only question open for that model is on the sinti side , `` will our grandkids still be sinti '' . 
  if that gets answered positively , you can expect more instances of the model to pop up very quickly , that is , the current self-isolation of many clans to be overcome . 
   every chance is given to them but they want to live at the fringes of society and earn their living with crime and dodgy dealings . 
  our sintis in schleswig-holstein would like to disagree . 
  so , for that matter , would the whole of schleswig-holstein : the fuck do you dare to insult our sintis . 
  otoh , they have no idea how to deal with balkan immigrants , either , where discrimination was more rampant for a much longer period of time and is still most actively ongoing . 
  compared to that shit , the holocaust was over in a blink of an eye . 
  it figures that if you do n't afford people the protection of the larger community , they do n't feel particularly indebted to it . 
  and if you help , you do it in a most patronising way , `` trying to un-gypsy the gypsies '' . 
  `` the only thing of value your culture has is music '' kind of thing . 
  face it : you suck at minority politics . 
  first of all , make sure you 're talking on eye level . 
   dissolution of our rule of law that would be anomie , not anarchy : the former , no nomos , the latter , no archos . 
  greeks of all i 'd expect to know the difference between those two words . 
  nah , classical liberals at least were principled , what 's currently called as neoliberalism is , broadly speaking , insisting that what 's best in business economics is best in macro economics . 
  also , the eu is much more ordoliberal than classical liberal . 
  otoh ordoliberalism once was called neoliberalism , which may or may not cause confusion . 
  prime example of explicit ordoliberalism would be the doctrine of regulating for competition . 
  even if it 's endangered and there 's a special permission . 
  conservationists will grant hunters license to e.g. 
  shoot a particular old rhino bull so than a younger , more verile one , can get some piece of ass so there 's going to be more baby rhinos . 
   ( who can extradite him more easily from australia anyway ) . 
  what kind of third-world country does australia consider itself to be ? 
  extraditing * your own * citizens ? 
  the ussr and gdr are two different states . 
  the gdr technically kept the same paragraph as the frg but generally stopped enforcement , a 1957 court ruling said that cases should be shut down early by the state attorneys due to pettiness , unless the act `` endangered socialist society '' ... which is a rather impossible thing to do , it 's not like sex is likely to make you develop capitalist sympathies . 
  it was legalised in 1968 , a year before the frg did it , which kept up the usual prosecution in the mean time . 
  in the gdr , homosexuality got ignored by the state , but was still shunned by society ... which the stasi occasionally used when it came to zersetzung , just as they would use adultery ( accusations or actual ) to destroy people . 
  the east still is very much atheist , the churches had their role in opposition but that did n't make people any more religious . 
  they 're also generally lutheran , which had a much easier time getting rid of internal homophobia than others . 
  i always found tolerance in the netherlands to be a `` ignore others '' kind of thing , i mean you had completely separated social societies depending on whether your parents gravitated towards being workers or being christians : a harsh separation with little exchange who got along by ignoring each other . 
  if you fell outside of the established groups , you were essentially shunned because * everyone * would ignore you , wholesale . 
   but the church is offering the service of legal marriages . 
  in germany , they are n't , the legal part of all marriages is done at the registry office , churches are just doing ceremonial woo as far as state law is concerned . 
  catholics just wo n't , lutherans are split in between doing marriages and blessing ceremonies . 
  it 's even theologically the same thing for them : a promise of two people before god witnessed by the congregation , no sacrament involved , the only difference is in terminology . 
  while yes we do have public-law churches the separation between church and state means that the state ca n't just set their rules . 
  it 'd be like telling municipalities ( similar to churches : area-bound public law corporations ) that their building code has to allow painting houses blue if it allows houses to be painted green : if the citizens want the code changed , they 're going to change it . 
  i 'm actually in favour of making marriage a civil contract in need of a notary and enable the churches to do that notarising according to their own ( stricter ) standards , but you 'd also always have the option of going to an ordinary notary who would be required to notarise the thing strictly according to state law just as they notarise real estate deals . 
  homosexuality got decriminalised in the east way before the west got around to do it . 
  otoh , and partly because of that , there was less of a social movement . 
   do gay people seeking asylum have to prove that they 're gay ? 
  the question is not whether you 're gay , but whether you 're prosecuted . 
  in uganda there 's occasionally witch hunts where say a company is accused of employing gay folks and all the employees get caught in the maelstrom , regardless of sexual preference . 
  it 's `` pulverschnee '' in german . 
  german actually legitimately * does * have multiple words for snow -- there 's `` harsch '' , which is snow that melted at the top and then froze over , and there 's `` firm '' which is snow that is at least a year old . 
  and wet snow we 're just prone to call `` schneematsch '' or for short , and usually , `` matsch '' : `` sludge '' , sometimes `` mud '' . 
   doner is ground meat ( usually a blend of the three that were correctly mentioned above ) nope . 
  well , at least not in germany and i suppose also not in turkey . 
  in germany for something to be sold as `` d\u00f6ner kebab '' it must not contain anything but meat , which means you can only use a maximum of ~ 30 % or so ground meat as otherwise the whole thing falls apart . 
  some cheap shops ( e.g. 
  at train stations ) also use pure ground meat skewers but you wo n't see the word `` d\u00f6ner '' , then . 
  proper d\u00f6ner very much is slab upon slab of meat skewered onto the spit . 
  veal and chicken are common , lamb is rare but exists , apparently much more popular in turkey . 
   shwarma that 's arabic . 
  i 'll enjoy that observation with some greek raki blended with turkish ouzo . 
   my suggestion would be to put sign language basics into the curriculum for elementary actually , you can -- or rather should -- start even earlier : kids can sign before they can speak . 
  what 's used for that is of course not full sign language but very simplified dialects , more or less the sign equivalent of toki pona . 
   these kids need specialised support throughout their entire time at school . 
  they get specialised tutoring throughout . 
   why would you stay at this level and say that nobody wants them , because they quality is crap at this moment ? 
  it 's not just about the quality , it 's also about the deaf community being kind of hesitant about having their culture eradicated . 
  personally , i refuse to argue about that topic so please do n't start , i 'm just reporting here , neutrally and objectively , that it 's a debate in which holocaust comparisons are n't exactly off-limits for everyone . 
   in the past decades only a handful of pupils with down syndrome managed to pass the examination of our lowest-tier ( ! ), 
  of secondary education , called the vmbo . 
  30 % pass hauptschule here , after some extra rounds . 
  they are challenged , but not * that * challenged , especially if they get the fostering they need before even kindergarten . 
  anyhow : this is about whether it 's sensible for them to sit in the same class with others , and there the answer is usually `` yes '' : they 're not holding anyone back and they benefit , so why not . 
   i would rather dedicate all the funds to make cochlear implants much better and affordable for everyone on a shorter time scale , than sign language lessons on every school . 
  a lot of deaf people do n't like cochelar implants at all . 
  then , no , not every school should offer classes for the deaf that 's completely unrealistic .
