  but it takes away the eu 's power over us . 
  i think you should march on eton instead . 
   free movement prevents us from having a visa system for people within the eu . 
  true . 
  you do not , however , need to offer social security and nhs services ( well , not for free ) to just any eu citizen arriving at your doorstep , as you 're ( last i checked ) still doing . 
  freedom of movement applies to working and holidays , not sitting on your arse collecting dole . 
   ultimately if brexit goes how the people want it to go we will have complete control over immigration . 
  also true . 
  however : if politicians are n't * now * controlling immigration in the way permissible under eu law , why do you think they would restrict immigration after brexit ? 
  while , not if . 
  brexiteers , especially of the having been in government kind , have no standing using immigration as a rationale for brexit if they did n't actually limit immigration to the utmost extend permissible under eu law . 
  they 're just abusing the resentment . 
  and come brexit , they wo n't limit immigration , either . 
  if the uk leaves the single market maybe eu people will have it harder , but you 're still going to make it easy for commonwealth and , generally , world citizens to immigrate as ( observationally ) that 's what the powers that be desire . 
  it 's nothing but a political flashbang . 
  restricting social security payments to people who have actually worked in the uk for some time , for example . 
  the uk could also get nhs costs back from the immigrant 's home insurance , but the nhs apparently does n't care for paperwork . 
  and that 's before noticing that the uk has a huge amount of immigrants who do * not * happen to be eu citizens . 
  other things -- like quotaing or right-out forbidding work immigration from the new member states -- are n't possible , any more , but the uk was the * single * country in the whole eu who did n't do that for a couple of years and now they 're in . 
  why , though ? 
  i presume the chaps and generally fellow etonians of politicians profit from cheap labour . 
  then , the press in the uk is a joke , and new labour right-out traitors . 
  that is not to say that the political class of other countries is n't self-serving , either , though . 
  but they generally stay short of sawing off the branch they 're sitting on , presumably because they have some , however small , grounding in reality left in them . 
  people like may , though ? 
  if the telegraph did n't regularly feature shoes she 'd forget how to tie her own : what 's not written in the torygraph is provably not real , so narrow are those people 's reality tunnels . 
   so that may lead to the return of a ` hard ' border between the republic of ireland and ni . 
  it 's anyone 's guess what that could lead to , even if . 
  are n't they opposed to exactly that , actually , [ every ni party seems to be opposed ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/election-2017-39976319 ) . 
  in that sense , the dup is a rather bad choice for leading brexit from westminster : they 're going to insist on a deal that keeps up free movement etc. 
  between ni and the republic , as well as between ni and ruk , which , by transitivity , means between the republic and uk , as such , the eu and the uk . 
  which means that the uk would have to brexit in a way which still requires it to implement as much eu law as norway , again as norway without having any actual say as to what those laws are . 
  the exact kind of situation * neither * remainers nor brexiteers , at least while not being shit-faced , do n't want . 
  sinn feinn would probably readily say `` well , fuck the ruk , then '' and allow the uk to actually brexit ... while staying , either as special status or part of the republic ( heavens that 'd cause an uproar ) in the eu . 
  given the rest of the dup 's position they do n't seem to be the most agreeable bunch so , planning ahead , you should go long on popcorn as the dup will inevitably , and violently , clash with `` brexit means brexit '' . 
  so ... what are the chances of the dup being in government making the rest of the uk electorate want to get rid of ni once and for all ? 
  you know , the uk could control immigration a fuckton more * while staying in the eu * . 
  bloody scapegoating . 
   what part of uk employment law do you think is a deregulated ` wild west ' ? 
  the stuff that will still be standing after brexit , you people are implementing the bare minimum as is . 
  making people stateless by withdrawing citizenship is against international law , and isis is n't a state so they 'd usually indeed be stateless . 
  this kind of stuff is what high treason charges are for . 
  compared to italy or just southern germany ? 
  those people do n't even add rye in their bread , much less have 100 % rye breads . 
   for what purpose ? 
  that is , what is the scenario that the eu is concerned about ? 
  civilisation is always three meals away from collapse . 
  at that level of risk you do n't ask whether a scenario is likely , but whether it is possible . 
  also remember that once production capacity is lost for some amount of time , re-establishing it would cost a fortune . 
  that is , you have to keep an agricultural tradition alive , this is at the boundary of strategy and doctrine , so do n't worry about the current tactical situation . 
  leave the quarterly reports to wall street . 
  still , currently , i 'd say , the prime worry would not be war but climate change . 
  would we be affluent enough to out-bid literally everyone on the world market when prices rise ? 
  very likely , however , letting the rest of the world starve is n't exactly fostering geopolitical stability so nope , we need a different solution . 
  the only significant non-luxury import we have indeed is feedstuff , more precisely south american soy . 
  we just lack a comparable high-yield protein plant ... and we would n't need to go vegetarian , just cut back meat consumption to sane levels . 
  btw , did you know that modern high-yield milk cows ca n't survive on a pasture ? 
  they 're producing too much milk to not starve there , they need their specialised pellet fodder . 
  meanwhile we 're currently exporting milk powder to africa and crashing markets there . 
  `` lift the production quotas '' , they said , `` everything will work out fine '' . 
  at this point i guess it would make sense to focus on animal well-being to naturally limit overproduction and bottom-shelf prices . 
  while we 're not ukraine [ pretty much all of it is usable ] ( http://i.imgur.com/owyahir.jpg ) , unless mountains or cities get into the way . 
  just do n't try to grow wheat in scandinavia , that 's rye country . 
  the ussr ( being broke as fuck ) actually tried to sell k\u00f6nigsberg back to germany during the negotiations concerning the 2 +4 treaty , germany basically said `` wtf would we want with that '' . 
   the eu has 175 million hectares of utilized agricultural land yeah the eu is paying for stuff to not get utilised . 
   i agree that they 're probably temporary , a way to buy off farm political support , no . 
  they 're very much intended to keep the eu 's capacity to feed itself intact , indefinitely . 
  it 's all about food security . 
  the only difference to what the us is doing is a ) not blindly subsidising corn , corn , and corn b ) actually caring about the environment , c ) not subsidising for export and d ) not killing imports . 
  we 're paying farmers to let land fall fallow but still ready for production ( that is , have it rotate , use it as pasture for some years etc ) , not blindly by production . 
  whether or not that means security for the individual farmer is another thing , but the sector itself is safe . 
  if you say `` i am going to let go of this stone '' and a physicist tells you `` then it 's going to fall to the ground '' , are you going to call that speculation , too ? 
  because that 's the exact thing you 're doing . 
  \u0424\u0422\u0424\u042e ( suspiciously ukrainian , though ), 
  it does . 
  and struggle also means ringen , which also means wrestling . 
  it 's basically a matter of intensity : `` to wrestle ( ringen ) with your shoelaces '' is a different thing than `` struggling ( k\u00e4mpfen ) free from your pants '' . 
  i 'd go for plain `` zweikampf . 
  '' , without any pronoun , but with a full stop at the end . 
  americans , too , are prone to the paradox of choice . 
  also , you somehow presume that americans have money -- statistically speaking , no , they do n't . 
  initially , you may feel somewhat patronised by there being * only * one type of ketchup -- and that only in one size !, 
  however , after the initial shock , and also grabbing some other things , you realise that you just saved yourself a lot of agonising over choices you do n't really care about . 
  what 's actually missing at aldi is a good selection of specialty items . 
  off the top of my head , things that i tend to buy but do n't get there : sesame seeds ( though they do have pine kernels ) , dried lentils ( though they do have canned lentil stew ) , worchester and fish sauce . 
  basmati and jasmine rice . 
  spices past pepper and , generally , spices that are * not * pre-ground , also , a proper selection of herbs . 
  of note : pine kernels and fresh basil , garlic as well as spaghetti ( imo the best on the market ) and parmigiano ( the real stuff of course , this is the eu ) being available , there 's always proper pesto to be had . 
  just do n't use their olive oil , rapeseed completely suffices . 
  it became so common in germany for people to go to aldi/lidl first and then fill up the specialty stuff elsewhere that the more up-market markets also started to carry discount brands of their own , though none of them actually manages to be ( or wants to be ) cheaper than aldi for more than a couple of things . 
  but , yeah , you get a kilo of type 402 wheat flour practically anywhere for under 40ct , aldi price i think is 32 . 
  brand stuff starts at 80 or something . 
  i do n't think malta is large enough to host a basf plant . 
  edit : basf ludwigshafen takes up an area of 10km ^ 2 and employs 34.000 people , that 's 4 % of valetta 's landmass and 7.8 % of the population . 
  so yes it 'd fit but you would n't have much room for any other industry left . 
  agriculture , supermarkets and basf do n't make up an economy do they . 
  malta just is n't tiny enough , but despair not , i have a better example : the roofed area of vw wolfsburg is about as large as monaco . 
  low income households are * definitely * part of their target group . 
  what changed over the years is that the rest of the households also buy there as their quality is excellent , especially for those prices . 
  what discounters are lacking is choice , that 's all , but often you do n't need choice .
