  true statement of fact can not be outlawed in germany ( that 's why we have sane libel laws , and yes modulo privacy provisions ) . 
   it 's up to historians to determinate what happened and how it happened . 
  if you let states outlaw discourses on history , you will always have some group going on about `` why is n't the denial of my genocide criminalised ? '' . 
  that 's generally not how such laws are written . 
  they say something along the line of `` to deny crimes against humanity committed by x in context y is a crime '' . 
  that is , whether something is forbidden to deny still requires that it * actually happened * , and therefore historians are still involved , as specialists in court . 
  as to research : just do n't claim as fact what is mere hypothesis . 
  which you should n't be doing in the first place . 
  berlin is n't in the east . 
  well geographically yes but not economically . 
  because you ca n't have a single market of labour without free movement . 
  a single market of services would also be rather difficult without that ( if you hire say an it consulting company from spain , can their people do actual work in the uk ? ), 
  the single market is supposed to encompass * all * aspects of the economy , not just movement of goods : otherwise it 'd be a mere free trade zone . 
  it 's * jutlandic * and yes it 's the same as the danish stuff . 
  the real , original , deal , though , with ample of redcurrant , sour enough that you actually need the cream ( which provides the sweetness ) . 
   bavaria ( cough ) here we 'll grant you asylum should that get you into trouble , as long as you can prove that you can eat a bowl of red grit with cream . 
  prussia was n't a federal state . 
  when they conquered us , we lost all our sovereignty , only to be regained after wwii ( and then we went directly from being occupied to being member of a federation ) . 
  germany federalised by the states ratifying the basic law ( and the allies ruling that if 2/3rd of states ratify , it would also apply to the rest , unless they right-out declare independence ) . 
   the eu has grown far beyond what it started out to be the treaties the uk signed already contained the verbiage `` ever closer union '' . 
   and has legitimate issues with how its run ... one of which just got fixed with the parliament putsching against the council when it comes to electing the commission president . 
  and it was n't uk who fixed that , on the contrary . 
  complaining and at the same time obstructing solutions while fielding none of their own is a very common british behaviour , so all i can really say here is `` shut the fuck up '' . 
  oh , no , that wo n't be allowed . 
  as we know we do n't actually have freedom of speech in europe and talking in unrecognised languages is outlawed . 
  yeah but why translate eu law into english if there 's no member state that actually uses it for laws ? 
   or am i remembering this wrong ? 
  no , you are n't . 
  poland is planning on joining the zone , the danes peg the krone to the euro . 
  sweden is actually required to join , though yes they 're taking their sweet , sweet time . 
  the only countries with an opt-out are the uk and denmark . 
  and denmark , as said , literally has the euro as they 're pegging . 
   i know eu policy is to encourage tri-lingual-ism if the english is removed as an eu language will english no longer be considered as one of those tri-lingual options receiving eu support ? 
  education is member state ( or even more local ) responsibility , the eu is just giving a recommendation , there , it has no authority whatsoever in any cultural matter . 
   unless you adopt some sort of general language most europeans wo n't even be able to talk to each other . 
  we largely ca n't now , either . 
  if you prod my sister long enough she might be able to order a steak in english , but that 's pretty much it : you certainly wo n't have any in-depth conversation about politics with her . 
  not even about horses . 
  our motto is `` una in diversitate '' , not `` e pluribus unum '' . 
  `` the european people '' uses `` people '' as plural . 
  if you 'd put her in some other country , though , she 'd learn quickly ... that 's the * actual * reason why people get taught languages in school : proper foundations . 
   wait so are you actually going to move to another official language ? 
  not move , and not ** an ** other , no . 
  laws , documentation etc. 
  would still be proclaimed/published in no less than bulgarian , croatian , czech , danish , dutch , estonian , finnish , french , german , greek , hungarian , irish , italian , latvian , lithuanian , maltese , polish , portuguese , romanian , slovak , slovenian , spanish , and swedish . 
  which is ample for the largest economy in the world ( the eu ) , because that 's all primary official languages of all its members ( minus , still , the uk ) . 
  well ok maybe not largest after the uk leaves but with the east catching up , that 's going to change , again . 
  that * you * do n't understand any of those in not europe 's problem . 
  we do , and if you visit school in europe you should emerge at least trilingual . 
  spanish , at least , though , should be no problem for you as a ) the us speaks plenty of spanish and b ) it 's the second-largest language in the world by native speakers . 
   so it would seem extremely silly for europe to change this policy just to what , spite britain ? 
  as said : nothing is being changed , policy is as usual . 
  english was n't an official language before the uk joined and it wo n't be after they leave . 
  it 's not any different with irish . 
  probably would want to nominate scots gaelic . 
  gibraltar would want to nominate english but it 's not large enough to join . 
  heck , it 's smaller than both monaco and liechtenstein . 
  but even if : the irish and/or scots defending english in the eu would shift it away from received and cockney quite drastically . 
  it 's already getting butchered quite a bit ( e.g. 
  using `` delay '' for `` deadline '' , tons of frenchisms etc ) , after two or three decades the english wo n't recognise it anymore . 
   i 'm pretty sure france and germany will see to that even though it will be very impractical . 
  noone has to see to that . 
  every member gets to nominate a language to be official on the eu level , and the only two other countries with english as official language have n't nominated it ... they choose irish and maltese , instead . 
  so without anyone actually lifting a finger , english will * default * to being struck out on that list . 
  unless the irish ( questionable ) or maltese ( utterly unlikely ) come to its rescue , it 's gone . 
  those are n't even necessary in 99 % of the case . 
  at least not as far as eu law is concerned , westminster just implemented things strangely . 
  the fishery policy needs an urgent re-working , such as allocating quotas to countries at least in part based on their shoreline / land area ratio ( for land countries , the cap is more important anyways ) . 
  -- actually , more than that : we need a couple of years of a fishing * moratorium * . 
  the reason being that with two , three years of no fishing stocks would rebound far enough that if we then continue to fish at current quotas , stocks can rebound * completely * , to their formerly abundant levels . 
  the seas are currently literally empty , the result of more than a century of overfishing . 
  after ten years or such , we could even begin to raise quotas , again , and everybody would be happy . 
  the only question is what to do with the fishery industry during the moratorium . 
  i say buy them out , let them study marine biology or something while paying their wages . 
  that would cost a lot , but it 's a good investment that can be recouped easily . 
  -- and once we have a sane fishing policy it also wo n't take much to get iceland and greenland ( back ) into the union . 
   but why spend money on france 's food supply ? 
  and why should i spend money on your country 's food supply ? 
  why you on mine ? 
  why are we doing something * together * , is what you mean : if we would n't do it on a eu level , each country would have its own scheme to do it . 
  and it would cost all of us more than it does now . 
  otherwise , we would n't be bloody doing it !, 
   so it 's great to know no one really cares what happens in austria but no !, 
  we * do * care a lot about you . 
  ( as long as your glaciers do n't melt )  they were counted too early ; they were not opened in front of witnesses , as is required and stuff like that . 
  at least as far as the bverfg handles such things , for an election to be repeated it would have to be shown that such misbehaviour actually had in any way a realistic chance of changing the result . 
  occasionally re-counts are ordered but right-out repeating a vote is virtually unheard of , * a lot * has to go wrong for that to happen . 
  you know what ? 
  i could actually put up with him . 
  if the alternative is von der leyen . 
  and that 's why there 's going to be no negotiations , not even unofficial ones , before they do n't file . 
  the eu position on this is `` i dare you , i double-dare you motherfucker '' . 
  frankfurt is gigantic compared to the city . 
  office space should actually be available pretty much plenty , at least some years ago there were completely empty sky scrapers due to the banking crisis . 
  in any case : unlike any other german city , frankfurt never says `` no '' to another one . 
  i must 've lost track of the threads somewhere . 
  still , the extreme ( ish ) left and right teaming up would be unlikely anywhere even if their agreement would be positive , not negative ( that is , for something , not against something ) . 
  just use the belgian/swiss system . 
  well a fuckton of irish actually do n't speak irish , only english , however , that might not be enough . 
   tories have wanted rid of corporation tax for a while now .
