   nobody is going to seek out , sit down , and watch a film so they can understand the ( clearly ) misinformed opinion of some random person on the internet if you have n't seen the movie , * or at least witnessed how it was received and discussed in israel * , you can not talk about israel politics . 
  was n't it courteous of me to add a placative statement so that you did n't have to pull up a strawman to deflect away from the rest of what i wrote ? 
  and , no , a country in which dissidents get defamed and marginalised as `` self-hating jew '' does n't have its shit together . 
  what it has is no proper political culture . 
  that shit is mccarthyesque , and please do n't tell me that the us there had its shit together ( or , by now , developed a proper political culture -- same thing in israel ) . 
  watch `` defamation '' . 
  there 's a nice old lady in there , the mother or grandmother of the author . 
  a zionist of the old school . 
  her 's in pretty much my family 's , and my , position on the whole thing . 
  that is : do n't fucking pretend there would n't be a left wing in israel , and do n't claim the achievements of those people as the achievements of the current nutjobs in power who like their external enemy to distract from the pudding prices , and thus do their best to perpetuate the whole problem . 
  or , differently put : wake me when there 's no people in israel willing to again shoot rabin . 
  i will know that israel finally got its shit together when my grandfather stops spinning in his grave . 
  yeah but it 's also already tight enough . 
  also , if you manage to re-activate a disabled gun you 're also capable of building one from scratch . 
  maybe not as good , but definitely capable of killing people with . 
  the stuff we * actually * need to be talking about is alienation among low-income and immigrant segments of the society . 
  do n't expect the cdu to do anything but deflect away from that , though . 
  oh , they do understand the world . 
  they understand that it 's not facts that get them elected , but sentiments . 
  no , but you come from a country that was a military dictatorship . 
  not that that matters , though . 
  in germany there 's a couple of public schools that have school clothes -- usually not right-out uniform , but a set of allowed stuff pupils can choose from . 
  generally speaking they do n't do it if there 's not specific reason . 
  so might unicorns , and the queen is a reptile . 
  do you have any indication for that that could n't equally well serve as evidence for chemtrails ? 
  i did n't say that cnn lied -- in the sense of `` claim something to be true that is n't '' , i said that cnn , for sensationalism 's sake , reported about completely speculative stuff . 
  also , are you also accusing the police of lying , here ? 
  or are you saying that the media lies about what the police is saying ? 
  because losing their last shred of credibility by leaving up provably wrong stuff is bad for business . 
  people need to think that they 're better than fox news or they 'd have to compete directly . 
  and that 's why you should n't trust sensationalist pulp tv like cnn . 
  munich police * never even implied * anything about islamist motives , they refused to answer any such question before their current statement on the grounds that it would be speculation . 
  but cnn does n't care , cnn wants viewers because it wants to sell ads . 
  that 's not `` evidence from the munich police '' , that 's a single eye-witness account ( which generally are unreliable ) held up by cnn for purposes of capturing people 's interest that they can sell to advertisers . 
   `` being the one state that could very well run on it 's own as a country without germany '' ... but not getting there , bavaria benefited immensely from the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich , your industry was paid for by nrw and bw . 
  sh and hh basically cancelled each other out in the past , if you want someone to blame look at ni , hb , rp and sl . 
  and how ? 
  easy : the csu and its special influence in federal politics . 
  bavaria got a lot more in terms of e.g. 
  federal infrastructure investment than e.g. 
  heck , the federation even let the locks of the kiel channel rot , so much do they care about infrastructure here . 
  that , plus if you 're a dual citizen due to birth you do n't need to decide between your passports before you 're 23 . 
  and , for completeness ' sake , dual citizenship is unlimited as long as the other state is a eu country . 
  the police indeed did treat it as a terror attack . 
  they based this on the reports eye-witnesses gave , which pointed to multiple , organised , shooters ( which turned out to be false ) , which indeed would be very uncommon for an amok run . 
  even if they had information counter to that early on , it pays off to be on the cautious side and not downgrade your response before you 're sure ( also , bavarian police enjoy showing their big schlongs off to everyone from time to time ) . 
  at no point whatsoever did they ever assume anything about the motive or nationality of the perpertator ( s ) . 
  and why ? 
  be it daesh or nazis , the necessary response is n't any different . 
  investigation of motives can wait until the situation is under control . 
  cem \u00d6zdemir also likes to complain that he 's the target of ethnic slurs which is no wonder as he 's a fucking swabian . 
  counterexample , though not at all bavarian : ethiopian-born [ yared dibaba ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/yared_dibaba ) hosts low saxon shows for the ndr . 
  and i certainly have no reason to complain , his platt is better than mine . 
  well maybe not spite but -- and do n't ask me for a source this comes from some german public-tv documentary i once saw -- in * protest * : ca n't have nazi germany run around proclaiming themselves aryan if you 're the actual aryans , and let that stand unopposed . 
  yes that 's exactly your problem , you ca n't consider information that stands a chance of contradicting your pregone conclusions : your mind recoils , preventing engagement , as such engagement would have the chance of you having to face the reality that you , as we all , are , indeed , fallible , and the mere thought of being wrong terrifies you . 
  it 's a psychological defence mechanism , and a dark pit . 
  let me turn this around : show me an official nazi document using the term `` arier '' post about 1935 . 
  already the nuremberg laws talk about `` german ( and related ) blood '' . 
  but , yes , iranians were classed the same as , say , gaulles ( i.e. 
  non-black french ) : related blood . 
  it 's comfortable in a closed worldview , is n't it ? 
  so relaxing , always being right no matter what people say . 
  trouble here being that unlike other closed world views -- like chem trailers -- it not only makes you an idiot , but on top of that an insufferable cunt . 
  you should remember that the next time you get called names and wish for some love . 
     in america , i believe , they call it `` going postal '' looking at deutsche post , i 'm actually surprised that our postal workers do n't have a similar reputation . 
  persia renamed itself to iran just to spite the nazis . 
  the nazis then stopped using the term `` aryan '' officially , talking about `` the german race '' , but in common usage it stuck . 
  must 've been bavarians or like ilk : germany basically reaches from danish to north italian temperaments , in a clear ( but turbulent ) gradient . 
   article 66 of our constitution says that all turkish citizens are turks i think it was haiti who , after independence , declared itself a black state and then , an article later , ruled `` all haitians are black regardless of their colour of skin '' . 
   i do n't see the word ` fascism ' in there , but i do see the word ` tyrant ' . 
  yeah , and by doing that you went off-topic . 
  i benevolently assumed that you did n't actually want to do that , and interpreted it as if it had been on topic . 
   european tyrant that brought war and destruction to the continent so was charlemange , then . 
  so were the roman emperors . 
  pretty much any monarch in the whole bloody history . 
  not the same as fascism . 
   yeah , but the discussion was clearly about the difference between the anglosphere and continental europe . 
  no it was about you saying that the mainland fell to fascism repeatedly . 
  it did n't . 
  and napoleon was n't a fascist ( though yes , dictator ) . 
  at that point in history you people were busy paying tribute to the brits , whipping slaves and shooting native americans . 
  fascism did not yet exist , back then . 
  and even if : france being hit twice ( napoleon , vichy ) is rather disingenuous as the second time around , it was because of germany . 
  so , again : how again do you rationalise you saying `` europe repeatedly fell to fascism '' . 
  the mainland is different countries , each with their * individual * fascist experience . 
  hence you get multiple people . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  oh , and napoleon does n't fit the series , completely different times and a special case ( because french revolution ) . 
  the french viceroy for the nazis you 're looking for is called vichy . 
  you 're aware that all those are in different countries , are n't you ? 
  you * do * know what europe is not a single country , do you ? 
  well their active -- in terrorist ways -- times are long past , that does n't mean that they do n't occasionally crop up in the news , though : officially they disbanded however there 's occasionally news about members robbing a money transport or such . 
  living underground does n't seem to be cheap . 
  otoh there 's raf terrorists who by now served their life sentences and are free and about , again . 
  the bavarian could also be using `` kanacke '' because he assumed the guy to be an islamist . 
  is it permissible to call pierre vogel a kanacke ? 
  i 'd say yes . 
  too , while i 'm at it , if only because it 's going to piss them off . 
  `` recurring '' ? 
   implying austro-bavarian is a german language,
