  you tried that once with your made in germany label . 
  it did n't go over so well . 
  i do n't know about that but in that region sooner or later everything comes down to oil . 
  actually the americans brought us ayatollah khomeini . 
  you know that liberals in europe are comparable to republicans or tea partiers right ? 
  also apparently ca n't take a light joke : /, 
  that 's what france does . 
  source : german . 
  we 'd to introduce single transferable vote voting imo . 
  it 'd fix a lot of things . 
  hurr durr l\u00fcgenpresse am i right ? 
  you would n't like us when we 're nationalistic . 
  and you think they would vote for cdu ? 
  nothing against you but that is basically democrats and republicans in a nutshell . 
  the afd is a party that has many frightening parallels to the nsdap , i would n't be so gleeful . 
  lol , that is fucking retarded, 
  lol , that is fucking retarded, 
  freedom of speech ? 
  public votes are n't a mechanism of democracy either though . 
  at least in a representative democracy . 
  of course protests are democratic . 
  i think the world would be better without religion and i want to live in a total secular country . 
  where is the profit in that ? 
  are you saying , just because something is traditional it ca n't be criticised ? 
  sadly that is n't true . 
  but our youth is very very unreligious . 
  let go of your jimmies . 
  seek unrustlement !, 
  how would you know ? 
  diplomatic immunity is stupid , because a country that is going to use it 's legal system to unjustly put pressure or detain a foreign diplomat is n't going to be stopped from that by some arbitrary `` diplomatic immunity '' in the first place . 
  lol , this is gold, 
  u wot ? 
  have you seen the us american immigration system ? 
   maybe we should have kicked out all the staff in the american embassy after the nsa scandal ? 
  i agree with that . 
  in the same vein with how we should stop having bilateral relations with that country or how we should n't sell weapons to the saudis or israelis . 
  yeah , fuck having integrity and principles . 
  that 's how cdu/csu and spd operate anyway so maybe you just got used to it . 
  i simply looked at all the facts and made my own conclusions . 
  our news does n't simply report that the coup was faked because its reports are n't dictated by the fucking state like your sorry ass country does . 
  it 's not honesty though because this position was leaked . 
   not to ` create state within state . ', 
  i find this to be pretty ironic . 
  who says you know any better ? 
  you are just parroting propaganda that your shitty president fed you . 
  yeah , it 's pretty unlikely this came from g\u00fclen . 
  not for nationalistic turks they 're not . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  let 's get roooooight into the news !, 
  i am a doucebag . 
  i 'm amazed that there are so few chinese flags . 
  if it 's hollywood he also has to get the girl . 
   or am i mistaken and this sort of basic level of common sense is too much to ask of the german bureaucratic machine ? 
  yes . 
  what if i want to wear nothing ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't know such people and i think they must then simply be uneducated or stupid . 
  it is not . 
  i meant it in a deus vult incoming sort of way . 
  why ? 
  are you not allowed to read the paper ? 
   ist nicht fur diskutieren apparently you are wrong because you seem to have this discussion all the time . 
  i 'm very sorry that i do n't prostrate myself before you . 
  given your history you are either a really really bad troll/human being or you are actually a anti-semite actively trying to promote anti-semitism by your behaviour . 
  i ca n't decide which it is . 
  i know perfectly well what happened in my countries ' history , thank you very much . 
  you however are just a troll . 
  lol do you have that shit bookmarked ? 
  ok , i apologize in that case . 
  good luck with that ai . 
  my point is that you will have to deal with them though . 
  as soon as you are out of the eu you will have them directly in front of your border . 
  you will have both though . 
  you are really the shill-master general are n't you ? 
   were part of a group who were reprimanded for wearing shorts instead of pants i really hope they mean `` shorts instead of trousers '' . 
  you will do no such thing you fucking liar . 
  haha, 
  you do n't even know me :d, 
  lol someone is mad, 
  a whole traincar full of people does n't need mad fighting skills to stop one guy with an axe . 
  lol, 
  `` all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . '', 
  yeah like students in germany used to carry . 
  i would definitely get one . 
   can zug and bahn be used interchangeably in colloquial german yes . 
  technically zug is only the railcar or locomotive . 
  bahn would refer to the whole thing . 
  in practive those are used interchangably however . 
  you do n't need cheap low skilled labour in a world of ever increasing automation . 
  yeah . 
  fuck the swiss !, 
  a gun that fires cs gas . 
  or you stop being a pussy . 
   use my suitcase/bag as a `` shield '' and rush him ? 
  for example . 
  an axe needs space to swing it properly so if you grapple with the attacker he wo n't be able to bring his axe to bear . 
  wtf , how ? 
  how do you get injured by some retard with an axe ? 
  he swings , misses , and you deck him . 
  even if you just grapple with him he wo n't be able to swing that axe anymore . 
  wtf,
