   it just truth [ apparently it is not ] ( https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/en/topics/aktuelle-meldungen/2015/januar/germans-take-skeptical-view-of-israel/ ) can you at least give me some kind of argument for why you think germans should unquestionably stand behind israel in all things despite moral misgivings ? 
   most of your fellow citizens disagree with you i highly doubt that . 
  also , you have n't adressed any of my points . 
  i do n't care if you like my country , why should i need to convince you ? 
  i do n't have anything against jews . 
  i do n't give a fuck if someone is christian , jew or muslim or whatever . 
  i judge people ( and countries for that matter ) for their deeds . 
  i do n't like the things israel does . 
  what does that have to do with jews living in germany for example ? 
  also why did you delete your comment ? 
  no , that one actually looks good , 
  i really want to know why architects think just putting up some concrete walls looks in any way good . 
  they build a bridge in my hometown recently and it too was just some concrete monstrosity . 
  i am shocked that you think just because of some past transgressions we must support you in everything you do and never question it . 
  i ca n't believe you think that is moral . 
  and no , i am not a holocaust denier . 
  i just believe no one is above criticism . 
  this kind of attitude is btw the exact reason i do n't like your country very much . 
  that is retarded . 
  if israel is doing amoral shit i will call them out on that . 
  i have no moral obligations regarding israel whatsoever . 
  [ is that so ? 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/ramadan-2016-israel-water-west-bank-cuts-off-a7082826.html ), 
  you forgot medicine and fresh water in that list . 
  great moral case you 're making there . 
  why not shoot all civilians then , after all it 's war . 
  hey why not build camps where you concentrate the civilan populace ? 
  this way you can really control what they do !, 
  trust me on this . 
  people still need building materials . 
  why not simply kill everyone , then there will be no more hamas terrorists / s, 
  a perfectly reasonable reason to make innocents suffer i 'm sure . 
  israel is like that kid that got bullied and later decides to be the bully instead . 
  we do n't want them to build concrete tanks . 
  i guess weaponized medicine must be really dangerous . 
  also drinking water . 
  but they do n't let people there live in peace . 
  instead they embargo the shit out of them . 
  even for things like medicine . 
  when did israel give back gaza ? 
  do they really ? 
  i meant it in a `` this would be the right thing to do '' way . 
  i 'm not saying it would make a lot of sense right now . 
  i 'm saying i think it would be the right thing to do . 
  germany 's inner cities would probably burn though  many ultra-nationalistic turks in germany . 
   has it been confirmed that the people behind the coup where hardcore kemalists though ? 
  i do n't think it has . 
  i strongly believe this was done by erdogan himself to gain more power . 
  this would explain quite a lot inconsistencies . 
  that 's probably right . 
  erdogan certainly let it happen though . 
  there are videos on live leak showing turkish soldiers letting isis personel pass through and attack a kurdish held position . 
  i certainly am . 
  i thought more in terms of germany , britain or france . 
  i think , during the coup the parliament was actually bombed , something that , to my understanding , kemalists would never do . 
  someone should really intervene in turkey . 
  seeing as it was traditionally turkey 's military 's mission to step in and remove a government if it steered away from secularism you should really root for the military . 
   that seems extremely weird this is because erdogan replaced high ranking military officials with his cronies early on . 
  to keep this exact situation from happening . 
  honestly , it 's about time . 
   how totalitarian some europhiles seem to be , its eu or nothing , i do n't think you know what totalitarian actually means . 
  they are miniscule . 
  it 's like surgically removing your fingernails because dirt might get stuck under them . 
  i could turn this thing the other way around . 
  i could tell you that the european medical community thinks that the benefits of circumcision are trivial and the risks are much bigger . 
  are european doctors hatching nefarious schemes ? 
  do n't worry about it mate . 
  it 's a psychological thing , they might not even be aware . 
  read up on cognitive dissonance . 
  i was n't disagreeing with you , merely kinda adding more detail . 
  i think you are completely right . 
  it was entirely motivated out of self-interest . 
  the us simply did n't want a large communist presence in europe because it stands counter to their own ideology . 
  they would n't give two shits if someone lived in a communist country otherwise . 
   medical professionals in america who are biased as fuck . 
  in a cognitive dissonance kind of way . 
   getting shit like that done when you 're an adult you most probably would n't even want to , which is the entire point . 
  if 9 out of 10 danes voted that only jews may not circumsize their children it actually would be undemocratic . 
  as it stands though , mr. melchior is full of shit . 
  yeah we europeans have this crazy ritual ( you apparently have n't heard of it ) , it 's called washing . 
   i can use my dick just fine you would n't know the difference now , would you ? 
  good for the danes . 
  sadly when this topic was brought up in germany we of course did do nothing to not offend the jews . 
  it is a disgusting pratice to do to a child . 
  should a young man choose to do it fine , but let people make that decision for themselves instead of mutilating them because your skydaddy told you so . 
  now that , how we in germany say : `` stein am bein '' uk is out of the way the eu can start getting shit done without projects being torpedoed by them . 
  germany still has blohm + voss for ships , rheinmetall defence for armaments and of course heckler & koch for small arms . 
   check the date it was built and where it was built , and reconsider your opinion . 
  it was built to keep germany under occupation and to ward off communism . 
  this has had nothing to do with safeguarding europe . 
  i agree . 
  technically it is not . 
  wales and england are two different countries . 
  that this is what your people have been doing to the kurds obviously . 
  is he actually aware that `` fact '' implies truth ? 
  i do n't really care one way or the other if you 're leaving . 
  i certainly do think it 's a dumb decision though . 
  having said that , realistically many many people are stupid , many more are uninformed . 
  so yeah , many people do n't know what 's good for them . 
   the people should always have a say , assuming they are adequately informed , educated and civic minded .
