  this is bullshit . 
  our fucked up welfare system needs to die and by replaced asap . 
  kinda like the guy it was named after . 
  i do n't think you are correct . 
  federalism is exactly what it says on the tin . 
  it 's one country with many to a certain level self governing parts . 
   and mistakes can be learned-from let 's be real here ... 
  politicians rarely learn anything from their mistakes . 
  what ? 
  all of them ? 
  why is that ? 
  might be . 
  i live in k\u00f6ln so my view might be a bit skewed . 
  i do n't really think we are behind the us but i agree that we are n't as far along as we should be . 
  still , in my opinion protesting is important . 
  it is one of the foundations of democratic processes . 
   the question is how far the rights of a democratic majority go . 
  this . 
  this debate sounds oddly similar to the one we had about turkey recently . 
  even ireland has the us beat in regards to gay rights and they are as catholic as they come . 
  they can , but that is n't really the point . 
  did n't he have danton executed because they did n't agree with each other ? 
  no more haircuts !, 
  robespierre guillotined everyone who looked at him funny though . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  oh snap , shit is going down :d, 
  would `` cabr\u00f3n '' also be acceptible ? 
  yeah i did n't think about that . 
  it 's probably too early in the morning for me to comment on things . 
  sorry about that . 
  ok yeah , that is different . 
  do we have to call each other es\u00e9 now ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you here but i 'm pretty sure most manpads are designed in such a way that a complete idiot could operate them . 
  i thought dogfights are n't a thing anymore ... 
  they are really just trolling us at this point . 
  but what i am saying is that ( if your principles are sound ) bending your principles is morally wrong and should n't be done . 
  if we sell out for some economic gain we are worth nothing as a people and as individiuals . 
  i know what the reality is , i just do n't approve at all and it actually disgusts me . 
  i just said there would n't be any bashing anymore , just smugness . 
  i did n't mean it seriously though , do n't worry about it too much . 
  germany has no interests in the middle east with the exception of weapons sales that we should n't even be doing . 
  i am ok with some of our interests not being met if that means my country has principles ( something most countries pretend to have ) . 
  this is n't about having an army or not . 
  this is about the uk who is supposed to fuck off anyway throwing a wrench into things as usual . 
  if you are lucky and trump gets elected you wo n't get any bashing at all anymore . 
  just smug gloating and a whole lot of condescension . 
   so who should be our ally in the middle east ? 
  no one if the alternatives are this bad . 
   the eu ca n't agree on anything which to a large degree is the uk 's fault . 
  what a bunch of miserable cunts . 
  do n't worry . 
  eu co-operation is literally unable to effect you . 
  like that 's gon na happen . 
   then you browse a porn site with a fb like button . 
  this is why you use ghostery though . 
  no but it is a really fuzzy term . 
  i am 29 and some would call me a millennial . 
  uh , uh tell me what we do ... :d, 
  that 's right , ours is made of rye or wheat . 
  the us propped up germany to be a battleground for fighting the soviets , nothing more and nothing less . 
  also , all this has nothing to do with what the us is doing nowadays . 
  are you under the impression the us did that for anyone other than themselves or are you making an incredible disingenuous argument ? 
  the us has never seen other countries as equal partners so i do n't really care . 
   u.s. authorities are furious , and u.s. senators are threatening retaliation against european countries . 
  lol . 
  come at us assholes . 
  begun the tax wars have !, 
  you wish . 
  until you finally man up and carry it through you are still part of the eu . 
  i do n't like using german in such circumstances though . 
  it smacks a little of arrogance , as if i expect people to simply know german everywhere . 
  i hate this especially when i see my `` fellow '' germans do this in the netherlands . 
  i hope i 'll get by with english then , 
  if jutland is the place with all the viking stuff i 'll really have to go there . 
  also simply a place where i can drink with the people :p i think the best way to get to know a country is to get to know the people living there after all . 
  yeah , i 'm not that big of a fan of akvavit . 
  any recommendations on what one should definitely see ? 
  i already feel honored  what kind of snaps is it ? 
  i really like `` b\u00e4renj\u00e4ger '' which is a kind of [ met-liqueur ] ( https://www.conalco.de/media/image/baerenjaeger_jaeger_0-7_liter_1721.jpg ), 
  nice . 
  is that one bottle labeled fking blod ? 
  i really should visit denmark one of these days , 
  have some delicious ~ ~ mead ~ ~ mj\u00f8d \\ o /, 
  i feel you friend :(, 
  i thought you were buying your alcohol over at our stores : o, 
  thank you for your service o7, 
  this is why i 'll be getting the oneplus 3 . 
  all religion is . 
  you are probably right , i apologize . 
  says you ? 
  i certainly would and everyone else i know would too . 
  and as it turns out the un agrees with us so maybe you might be in the wrong here . 
  i never knew england was that racist until this very year . 
  shame , really . 
   you would n't call it `` racially aggravated '' if a briton beat up a swede for being swedish . 
  of course you would . 
  at the beginning of the 19th century the uk introduced the `` made in germany '' label to essentially easily identify german products so people would avoid them . 
  around the same time though there was something of a quality offensive in germany because german wares were percieved as being pretty crap . 
  this stepping up in quality soon got people to see `` made in germany '' as a kind of quality seal and it led to increased sales of things that had it . 
  in this way it ultimately has had the opposite effect .
