depending of what you 're actually doing , yes of course . 
  no , this literally means that . 
  meaning your little tinfoil hat theory is n't worth shit . 
  but that would n't necessarily mean new troops . 
  it would only mean we 'd be less influenced by the us . 
  but the eu is not some kind of fascist regime . 
  germany certainly would n't abide by that . 
  how the fuck is the eu jingoistic ? 
  except this has been talked about since quite a while . 
  i do n't see any evidence as to why that would ever happen . 
  we did n't tell the turks to fuck off when they would n't allow our parliament to visit the soldiers stationed there and we did n't pull our soldiers out which means it ca n't be that important can it ? 
  it 's more like ebola vs malaria imo . 
  she would 've been more of the same which is also bad . 
  it just is n't as clear cut as you make it out to be . 
   allies once more the us and russia have never really been allies . 
  that was brilliant , thank you for that :d, 
  that 's just because he produced more negative shit . 
  almost everything that came out his mouth was some kind of media attention seeking atrocious bullshit . 
  of course media is focusing on that , that was the intention . 
  grabbing women by the pussy gets more ratings than some boring misplaced emails . 
  there were plenty of negative stories about that cunt , what are you fucking on about ? 
  this is a good thing for the eu . 
  the us will lose influence so the eu only stands to gain . 
  and do n't you think that 's wrong ? 
  companies do n't have any such right at all . 
  it 's well known that basf was part of ig farben . 
  if you actually had an education you might have known that . 
  yeah but the point is he could n't do the same in germany . 
  i do n't think you know what irony is . 
  because no one thinks it 's a big deal . 
  there is nothing allowing a politician to stay in power of the people do n't want it . 
  he was austrian you ignorant ass . 
  a sexually repressed society . 
  i criticize my country plenty thank you very much . 
  i think not being imprisoned indefinitely without a trial is a basic human right . 
  also your institutionalized racism disgusts me . 
  i see . 
  that kind of makes sense i guess ... 
  why do n't you go back to your uda friends ? 
  are you talking with yourself here ? 
  first , the american election does affect us and second why would n't we criticise a country that regularly violates human rights but still constantly and ignorantly thinks of themselves as `` the good guys '' ? 
  i completely agree . 
  that would give them leave to actually all vote against brexit . 
   the question is why kindergartens should be exempt from following the law . 
  because it 's immoral ? 
  so those assholes still profit from kindergartens . 
  why is that necessary ? 
  yeah , seriously fuck gema . 
  i do n't know about those polls but i personally would want to help the poles even if that meant having to be drafted once again . 
  what an ignorant thing to say . 
  how about by checking what laws the eu actually passed ? 
  no you idiot . 
  i just said you could confirm the correctness of those facts . 
  you could easily confirm the correctness of those facts but that would involve actually giving a shit about the truth . 
  i do n't know , i think i like my analogy better seeing as to how we both were once part of the frankish empire under charlemagne / karl der gro\u00dfe . 
  that 's a good comparison as well , 
  and germany is france 's twin brother who is studying economics while being arrogant about it . 
   you really had a great education in the east did n't you ? 
   that or a certain teenager just discovered their sweet spot for marx :  that 's not really a rebuttal . 
  i suspect this is because you do n't have one . 
  fact of the matter is , that if you got rich of something you could instead have paid your workers more . 
   nothing has done more for the alleviation of all humans than capitalism . 
  reddit and the internet are themselves the product of a capitalist society rewarding investment and innovation . 
  once again what you are saying does n't have anything to do with what i said . 
  ever heard `` you 've got to spend money to make money '' ? 
   i thought you were talking about whatever hell you came from , so why not . 
  i come from germany actually . 
  let 's talk again in two years when you have pulled through with your `` hard brexit '' and let 's see which country more closely resembles `` hell '' . 
   why do you assume every successful human is guilty ? 
  does it make you feel better ? 
  because you can only get rich if you 're taking money away from others . 
  all rich people have exploited other 's labour somewhere along the line . 
   provide evidence that `` all money and resources '' are being `` hoarded '' in a world with extreme connectivity and copious trade ? 
  that 's some grade a bullshit . 
  capitalism is designed in such a way that the rich get richer and poor get poorer . 
  you can see this everywhere around the world . 
   do people starve because of the success of others ? 
  last i checked breadlines existed in the ussr and socialist venezuela penalized individuals for acquiring too much food . 
  this is n't about the ussr or venezuela is it ? 
   redistribution of wealth achieved legally and morally is evil the rich few hoarding all money and ressources while others starve to death is evil . 
  get some perspective . 
   two inconclusive elections on dec. 20 and june 26 have left the conservative popular party running a caretaker government for the past nine months so ... a government then ? 
  well i accrue 5min breaktime per hour to take my eyes off the monitor , 
  fair enough , i am of course talking from the viewpoint of someone living in a central european city . 
  still , if you ever did open your door haphazardly and sent some cyclist flying , would n't you feel bad about it ? 
  what kind of asshole does n't look before opening his car door ? 
  make hadrian 's wall great again . 
  the quickening, 
  come out ye black and tans ... 
  now you know how continental europe felt before brexit . 
  i did one would welcome an independent scotland . 
  i do n't even think scotland necessarily needs military . 
  who 's gon na attack ? 
  ze germans ? 
  yes , because we told you this would happen . 
  you decided to pull through anyway and this is why we 're gloating . 
  we need more social policies , not less . 
  you need to prove that you are actively looking for a job and you have to jump through all kinds oh hoops . 
  it 's not all that pleasant . 
  this severely hinders freedom of movement in the eu .
