  never been in the situation where i did n't have enough money for a good meal . 
  but a standard cheap / easy `` do n't feel like thinking about what to eat '' fallback is pasta with leek , bacon cubes and eggs ( cook pasta , bake the bacon , add leek , then add eggs and cooked pasta and mix ) . 
  should be able to get a weeks worth of food for under $ 10 with that and it 's still reasonably balanced nutritionally . 
   yes but they did not vaporize there 's an idea to make elections more exciting ... 
  vermin supreme ? 
  nope . 
  he got 1 delegate vote as a write-in candidate in the primaries for the libertarian party , but that 's it . 
  in the netherlands you do n't have `` your mp '' , since all candidates are elected on a national level . 
  however , most parties , especially the large ones , have mps that specialize in certain fields and that will debate in committees dedicated to these fields . 
  so if you want to reach out to an mp regarding an issue , the best approach would be to find out which mp of the party you 've voted for is responsible for that particular issue and contact that person . 
  you 're right , in many european countries police still carry a gun . 
  but they 've been trained to deescalate the situation and only draw the gun as a last resort . 
  such training takes effort , because it overrides the fight-or-flight response . 
  police training in the us is much shorter than in most european countries and there is little to no emphasis on deescalation . 
  in my case : i wanted something a bit more applied . 
  i 'm still doing software analysis and playing with data , but the work i do has a direct impact on the operation of the organization , which is cool . 
  also , more money :-) for my wife : cern is extremely competitive and not just about how good you are ( which is not an issue in her case ) , but also how much time you 're able to spend on the work . 
  it 's an unwritten rule that you should be available to work on any evening or weekend . 
  we have two kids and it 's very stressful to combine all of that . 
  and the overarching issue for both is that a carreer in science is very uncertain for a long time . 
  once you finish your phd ( 4 years in our case ) you move on to doing multiple postdoc jobs , each typically lasting 2-3 years and each being at a different university/institute ( which almost automatically means : different country ) . 
  the number of fixed positions is considerably smaller than the number of people interested in them , so even if you go through the process of packing up and moving every few years , you may still not end up with a fixed position where you can settle down . 
  the work in science is very interesting and the atmosphere is hard to match as you 're surrounded by very intelligent and focused people while things still remain very casual , but ultimately some of the practical aspects become considerably less appealling for many people as they grow older . 
  almost all bachelors/undergrad programs will be in the local language of the country . 
  masters programs are more likely to be in english , especially in a field like cs . 
  it 's essentially a heavily regulated and subsidized obamacare . 
  people have to pick an insurance offered by one of multiple private insurance companies . 
  you ca n't be refused coverage for the basic plan , which contains all the essential coverage that you may need . 
  annual deductibles vary from $ 350 ( legal minimum ) to $ 850 ( legal maximum ) , with premiums somewhere between $ 80 and $ 100 per month . 
  visits to a general practitioner are exempted from the deductible ( and therefore fully covered ) . 
  the insurance premiums are obviously insufficient to cover the costs , so the government pays for the rest . 
  costs are controlled by regulating prices for procedures and medication . 
  people with low income get subsidies to cover some of the cost of the insurance . 
  in general , quality of availability of healthcare is considered quite good ( though as always , plenty of people will find something to complain about ) . 
  i 'm no longer a scientist . 
  but i used to do computational plasma physics , which involves working on/with computer models for ... you guessed it ... plasmas . 
  in particular certain phenomena that are related to lightning discharges . 
  day-to-day work involved software development/tweaking , running simulations , gathering output data any trying to make sense of it . 
  my wife is still a scientist ( though not for much longer , she 's quitting ) , she works for one of the lhc experiments at cern . 
  used to be involved in the detector upgrade and development of monitoring software , but now mainly works on data anlysis . 
  about 2-3 days per week . 
  my wife cooks the other days . 
  though the division is n't fixed and depends on what other things are to be done . 
  in any case , we eat homecooked food pretty much every day . 
  takeout or restaurants limited to maybe once per month or so . 
  the former is very limited , because most takeout restaurants do n't open before 19:00 , so we 're stuck with having just mcdonalds as option . 
  the latter is limited because eating out with kids is too much hassle . 
  you 'll need a ticket for your infant . 
  usually these have a fixed price ( independent of what you paid for your own ticket ) . 
  as for the boarding pass , i do n't know , but you 'll probably find out when checking in . 
  i 've had cases where my child got her own boarding pass and cases where the boarding pass of one of the adults in the party had a '' + inf '' marked next to passenger name . 
  i have n't flown with ryanair , so i 'm not sure which of these two options they use . 
  yes , this is also a distinction between europe and the us . 
  in the us it 's somewhat common to refer to yourself as a '' < country  - american '' ( e.g. 
  french-american ) to indicate your heritage . 
  this is highly unusual in most european countries . 
  ts is simply american ( or if you want to be more specific , include a state ) . 
  i believe there 's a diplomatic exchange between the us and the eu planned for this particular issue in june . 
  the eu wo n't act rashly on this issue , because the goal is not to end visa free tourism for americans , but to convince the americans to allow visa free tourism for all eu citizens . 
  even if they end up deciding to cut visa free travel from the us , i ca n't imagine that they wo n't include a considerable grace period to allow travelers that already have a trip planned to either still travel without visa or have enough time to arrange one . 
  so to conclude : do n't worry . 
  the netherlands : hockey . 
  hockey is supposed to be done on a field , with a ball . 
  the only ice-based sport that is popular is speedskating . 
  basketball . 
  we 're the tallest people in the world . 
  it would n't be fair if we would do basketball . 
  so we mostly do n't . 
  football . 
  yes . 
  you know , that sport where you touch a ball ( = spherical object ) primarily with your foot ( = that thing at the far end of your leg ) . 
  we do n't do handegg . 
  the people that do want to play this sport , tend to go for rugby , which is essentially the same but without the players wearing 12 layers of protective clothing . 
  baseball . 
  the dutch actually have a small , but consistent baseball scene that does quite well internationally considering our tiny population and the relatively low interest in the sport . 
  finally , the big american leagues are barely covered . 
  dedicated sports channels will cover the highlights and the very big events ( superbowl and such ) may get a mention in the mainstream media , but that 's about it . 
  the netherlands just passed a law to extend conscription to women . 
  which may sound a bit odd , considering that it is commonly assumed that the netherlands do n't have conscription anymore . 
  while in practice this is true , technically conscription was never cancelled , it has simply been suspended . 
  at the appropriate age , young males ( and soon females as well ) receive a letter from the government that they 've reached the age of conscription and that they can be called to serve . 
  this call to serve never comes , but in theory the government could summon all conscripts in a time of crisis without having to pass a new law . 
  or the dutch complaining about how we should get our `` strong gulden '' back to replace the `` weak euro '' , not realizing that our gulden was pegged to the deutsche mark for a long time and most of its strength came from the mark ( not that the dutch economy is weak , but it 's far too small to not have its currency be a plaything for larger economies ) . 
  i suppose that all euro-zone countries have some ( often misplaced ) nostalgia about their pre-euro currency . 
  not really . 
  we have much more in common with germans and belgians than we do with most of our former colonies . 
  that is , unless the british give us new amsterdam back . 
  when we sold it to them , they did n't warn us that they were going to leave the eu , so we feel a little bit cheated into selling a perfectly good colonial city to what we thought were friends :(, 
  this seems to try to address one of the major criticisms that people have of the eu , namely that it acts as an entity that is independent of the member states and , as the critics claim , often against the interests of the member states . 
  in reality , the eu governing bodies are very closely tied to the governments of the member states . 
  rather than being an independent government , the eu can be greatly influenced by the wishes of member state governments . 
  he would 've fit in nicely in one of the many center-left parties if he was a european . 
  his views are n't particularly radical , since many of the big ones are already happening in most european countries ( higher education without crippling debt , universal healthcare , etc. . . ) . 
  that said , his campaign was heavy on big ideas , but somewhat light on details , so it 's unclear how much of his ideas he would 've been able to make happen had he become potus . 
  yup . 
  in theory , he could even block the bill by refusing to sign . 
  however , this does n't actually happen because the moment he vetoes a bill , the pressure to abolish the monarchy would increase massively . 
  even parties in favour of the monarchy want it to remain symbolic . 
  swedish in the sense that it is fully headquartered in the netherlands ? 
  that 's right , ikea is ours now , deal with it !,
