  using a helicopter for traffic reporting makes things appear needlessly dramatic . 
  it 's rush hour , traffic jams happen , just like they did yesterday , just like they will tomorrow . 
  no need to make it anymore exciting than that . 
  no , they 're banned from europe-related subreddits until they join the eu . 
  uk users are on their way out soon as well !, 
  jokes aside , look for the swiss flag flair , there are a number of them roaming around here . 
  i 'm in switzerland for about 9 hours a day , 5 days per week , so i partially fit the description myself . 
  while available in large quantities , it was german beer , not belgian . 
  i was in munich 2 weeks ago . 
  got killed by terrorists twice . 
  there was plenty of beer though . 
  7/10 , might visit again . 
  well , at least there 's one aspect where best korea is indeed the best korea . 
  in the netherlands detached houses are n't that common . 
  other than appartment buildings , a common sight is the so-called `` rijtjeshuis '' ( row-house ) , which is single connected building that contains multiple houses in a row . 
  each house has a separate entrance and garden , there is typically no communal property , but it 's still all part of a single building . 
  see [ this image ] ( http://www.vansantvoort.nl/wp-content/uploads/46_rijtjeshuis.large_.jpg ) for an example . 
  another popular , usually somewhat more upscale alternative is the `` twee-onder-een-kap '' ( two-under-one-roof ) house . 
  as the name implies , this is simply a large detached house split in two completely separate parts . 
  each part has its own exterior doors and gardens . 
  truly detached houses are n't very common in cities . 
  in smaller towns and the countryside , you 'll still find plenty of them , but even in small towns , the rijtjeshuis is omni-present . 
   we celebrate the queens birthday ( not massively ) change that . 
  do it massively . 
  dress up in orange , drink a lot , sell your old stuff . 
  good fun . 
  you can call it `` queen 's day '' , that name is once again available . 
  living in france , just got a new plan for $ 10 per month during the first year ( $ 25 per month after that , but i 'll look for a new offer before that ) . 
  unlimited calls and texts , 40 gb of data . 
  eu roaming is included thanks to the new eu regulations , which is nice for when i travel to the netherlands . 
  but the main advantage of this plan is that it groups switzerland together with the eu countries for roaming purposes , which is very nice considering i live in the border area and work in switzerland . 
  trump is old and unhealthy . 
  even if he gets reelected for a second term , the odds that his health will be good enough to allow him to carry on as a dictator after that are not that big . 
  for my bachelor and master graduation ceremony there was no special dress code and no mortarboard . 
  i just wore my regular day-to-day stuff . 
  some people wore suits , but not that many . 
  this was for the departments of physics and mathematics . 
  i 'm sure law and business departments would have far more people suits / dresses . 
  for my phd defense , the dress code is white tie ( and foreign students may opt to wear their countries equivalent ) for the phd candidate and his 2 assistants ( who serve a ceremonial role these days , but originally were there to support the candidate in the event he was unable to answer a question ) . 
  they do n't like it , but they have enough presence of mind that they are aware of their minority position on the matter and the fact that it 's not something they 'll be able to change . 
  so they 're largely silent on the matter . 
  they 'll push back against any expansion of the system and christian political parties will put their opposition to euthanasia in the party program , but that 's about the extent of their resistance . 
  to add to this : a payment-terminal may ask you whether you want the payment to be done in the local currency ( $ ) or in your home currency ( $ ) . 
  it is often better to opt for the local currency and let your home bank do the currency exchange . 
  the rates offered by the payment-terminal are often rather poor . 
  but check in advance with your bank what the currency exchange rates are , and any other costs associated with payments abroad , so you know what to do to minimize costs . 
  in the netherlands , there are 3 levels of high school . 
  placement depends on a combination of a test taken at the end of elementary school and recommendations from your teacher . 
  vmbo ( 4 years ) prepares the child for vocational education . 
  havo ( 5 years ) is a prelude to `` universities of applied science '' ( dutch name `` hogeschool '' , which literally translates to high school ) , which are n't really like regular research universities . 
  the vwo ( 6 years ) level of high school is meant as a path towards a regular university . 
  vwo comes in two flavours , `` athenaeum '' and `` gymnasium '' , with as primary difference that the latter includes education in latin and ancient greek . 
  the diplomas are of equal value ( except for those seeking further education in the field of classical antiquity ) . 
  movement between the 3 levels is possible , but is usually only done in a downward direction ( when failing too many courses , the child may be recommended to drop down a level ) . 
  so you need to complete vwo to gain access to a regular university . 
  about 15-20 % of the kids do this . 
  there are ways to bridge the gap between a lower tier of education and a higher , so doing havo does n't lock you out from ever attending a regular university . 
  during the second half of your 6 years of vwo high school , you get to decide ( within certain limits ) which courses you 'll follow . 
  universities will impose requirements on the courses you have completed . 
  you ca n't study physics if you have n't picked a course-package that includes physics in high school . 
  most of these requirements are painfully obvious . 
  so once you have completed vwo with the correct courses , you 're automatically admitted to a university program when you apply . 
  with the exception of very popular programs . 
  for example : medicine . 
  for these , a lottery procedure is used where the chance of admission increases with your average grade . 
  if your vwo grade was an average of 8 or higher ( on a 1-10 scale , need 5.5 ( or 6 when rounded ) to pass ) , you 're automatically admitted . 
  if it 's below , then the chance goes down the lower your grades are . 
  in addition , if there 's ever a eu army , switzerland would have absolutely no need to join . 
  i do n't think relations between switzerland and the eu will become unfriendly in the forseeable future and with switzerland surrounded by eu countries it is completely protected from potential adversaries . 
  countries on the outer border of the eu , especially to the east , will have far more reasons to be part of a joint eu army . 
  switzerland , not so much . 
  there 's no sales tax in europe . 
  we have vat . 
  although there are some important differences between the two , for consumers they have essentially the same end result . 
  however , businesses are obligated to display the final price , including vat ( and any other non-optional costs ) , to customers . 
  an exception to this is when it can be assumed that the transaction is intended for business-to-business purposes , but you 're unlikely to run into this on a holiday . 
  so what you see is what you pay . 
  as for tipping , waiters and other staff get a normal wage , so they do n't have to rely on tips as supplementary income . 
  therefore , tipping is completely optional . 
  when paying cash , it 's fairly common to round up the amount of the bill to the nearest multiple of 5 or 10 euros and pay that , not expecting any change . 
  however , if you remain seated after leaving the cash , the waiter will bring you your change . 
  when paying by card , unless you explicitly state otherwise , you 're simply charged the amount of the bill and noone will think anything of it . 
  you can ask to be charged a higher amount if you want to include a tip or you can simply pay the exact bill by card and leave some cash on the table . 
  that way you 're more sure that the tip does n't end up as profit for the owner instead of with the staff . 
  significant tips (  10 % ) are usually only given when the service was above and beyond what you can reasonably expect ( or when you 're drunk , i suppose ) . 
  starting mid june , telecom operators in the eu will have very strict limits on how much they can charge for roaming services . 
  in practice , this means that you 're almost always going to pay the same amount when using the sim card outside its home country as you would while on the home network . 
  consequently , whichever sim card you pick up in sweden will likely be fine to use in other eu countries without racking up excessive roaming charges ( which used to be as high as $ 10 per mb in some situations !, 
  i live in the border area between france and switzerland . 
  i work in switzerland , but i live in france . 
  consequently , my salary is at a swiss level , but my expenses are much more french . 
  some things , primarily rent , have increased to more closely match prices across the border , but there are still many expenses that are cheaper here than in switzerland . 
   dutch system is not a single-payer system . 
  although it works well . 
  since you did n't specify your travel interests ( nature ( water ? 
  mountains ? 
  forests ? 
  ) , cities , casual sightseeing vs long hikes , etc. . . ) , it 's hard to give a good suggestion . 
  remember that there 's no need to limit yourself to one country . 
  in two weeks you could easily visit more than one , especially if you pick countries that are next/close to eachother .
