  and that was all before the pvv bailed on the vvd and cda when unpopular budgetary measures had to be taken . 
  as much as the cda likes to govern , i ca n't see them making that mistake again . 
  there 's no immigration / passport / border control check of any kind when you fly from one shengen airport to another . 
  these days , all major airports in the shengen area have separate flows for shengen-passengers and non-shengen passengers , so that people flying shengen -  shengen can easily and rapidly go to the arrivals hall after disembarking . 
  we would like to export those pseudo-belgians to belgium where they belong . 
  third place is a close race between the liberal democrats ( d66 ) and the christian democrats ( cda ) . 
  both parties are calling out wilders , especially d66 has positioned itself as an opposite to the pvv . 
  neither is calling out rutte or his party ( vvd ) , since it 's very probable that vvd will be leading coalition negotiations and both parties will want in on the action . 
  in addition , while there are noteworthy differences between each of these two parties and the vvd , they 're not really polar opposites either . 
  they 'll try to siphon voters from the vvd , but will do so with care so as to not burn any bridges . 
   it seems the public agrees . 
  it does n't . 
  polls put wilders between 15 % and 20 % of the vote , with the number going down . 
  he is very much disliked by a large part of the rest of the electorate . 
  the main limitation in amending the dutch constitution is the requirement that it amendment needs to be approved by two separate votes with an election in between . 
  getting the simple majority in both chambers of the legislature for the `` voorstelwet '' is already hard to do for controversial issues , but then having to win a two-thirds majority in the following elections is almost impossible . 
  unless an amendment has widespread public support , it 's simply not going to pass . 
  i 'd argue that it 's not necessarily easier than amending the us constitution , because effectively , a two-thirds majority in national popular vote is required . 
  the three-quarters of state legislature requirement in the us does n't appear to be that far fetched considering the significant amount of control the gop has at the state level , due to their more effective efforts to control these posts . 
  there are multiple good reasons to do so . 
  one is asset management . 
  sure , you can write up and sign a contract to handle ownership of all large purchases ( house , car , etc. . . ) , but a marriage or civil union contract handles it all at once . 
  but another reason is to incentivize partnerships because of their societal benefits . 
  someone is able to recover more rapidly from an illness if they have a caretaker . 
  someone who has lost their job is less likely to require welfare if they have a partner that can offer ( temporary ) financial support . 
  these are benefits to society of living with a partner . 
  to promote this , governments typically offer incentives through the tax code for couples . 
  formalizing the partnership is simply a way to commit to the partnership to a sufficient level to become eligible for these incentives . 
  in the netherlands , you can get a marriage with a quick contract signing at the city hall as well . 
  all the hassle is strictly optional . 
  consequently , civil unions are n't really that popular , since they 're pretty much the same as a marriage , are n't necessarily much less hassle and have the big disadvantage of not being recognized in a uniform way abroad . 
  if your partner ends up in the hospital abroad , it 's immediately obvious who the medical proxy is when you 're married . 
  when you 're in a civil union , not so much , depends on the country you 're in . 
  yes , exactly this . 
  people keep insisting that the brexit and trump polls had it completely wrong , while in reality they were both rather accurate . 
  in the case of brexit , the polls predicted a very close race and that 's what they ended up with . 
  the shift between polls and actual vote was quite small , but since the race was so close it was enough to cross the threshold between the two outcomes . 
  in the case of trump , polling the electoral college outcome is much more complicated , since small changes in close races can have large effects . 
  the crucial states were trump won unexpectedly , he did so by a very tiny margin . 
  on the other hand , the prediction of the popular vote by the polls was pretty good , the polls achieved better results than in the previous election ( obama/romney ) . 
  the french polls for the second round are nowhere near as close as the brexit and us polls were . 
  while anything can happen , it 's a major stretch to claim that le pen has a large chance of winning . 
  she 's a very polarizing figure . 
  most people either have her as # 1 or have her very far down the list of preferred candidates . 
  meanwhile , the other candidates are more firmly in the `` if my pick does n't make it to round two , then this guy is n't that bad '' category . 
  so it is expected that in the second round , the supporters of the candidates that were eliminated will mostly converge behind whoever will oppose le pen . 
  or , said differently , the first round is about picking your favorite candidate , while the second round is picking the lesser of two evils . 
  and a large number of people consider le pen to be the greater evil . 
  it 's silly really . 
  any two morons ^ 1 drunk on a date can fuck and make a child , but if two people in a committed relationship have made the conscious decission to adopt a child , that 's already there and in need of a permanent home , they 're pulled through years of screenings and burocracy . 
  ^ ( 1 ) : said morons being fertile and of opposite sex is still a requirement . 
  the process of european unification has been going on since the end of the second world war . 
  one can excuse people from not being fully aware of all the details of every step being taken , but the general direction has been the same for decades . 
  there has been a lot of time for opponents to start voting for parties that oppose this process . 
  to come out and say that the whole thing was just pushed through undemocratically is completely false . 
  decades of national elections could 've been used to steer a country away from going further with the project . 
  it 's never been an issue , because noone made it an issue . 
  not because the people did n't know , but because they either did n't care or because they actually liked what they saw . 
  yeah , it came like a lightning bolt on a clear sky . 
  if only there had been decades of slowly building up to it , with elected national politicians able to have their say at every step of the way . 
  the rival photoshopped into the image , alexander pechtold , replied to this tweet saying :  `` creative cut and paste work by @geertwilderspvv . 
  unfortunately , the neo-nazis present at his rally were n't photoshopped . '', 
  ( https://twitter.com/apechtold/status/828513240560828416 ) edit : layout & typos, 
  it 's a natural result of the fact that in french ( and related languages ) most adjectives are placed after the noun , whereas in english ( and others ) adjectives come before the noun . 
  this mirroring is therefore present in many places : eu -  ue , united states -  etats-unis , etc. . . 
  not really a short-term solution though . 
  copy/paste the title into a google search and follow the link from there . 
  presenting a paywall to a search engine is bad for your ranking , so most websites with a paywall do n't show it when you enter from a search engine . 
  this is how we slowly assimilate you . 
  by infusing all of you with dutch export-blood . 
  this is a weird assumption . 
  the netherlands has been rounding euro-prices in most stores since 2004 ( and for a long time with the guilder before 2002 ) and rounding is always done to the nearest multiple of 5 cents . 
  so $ 1,02 rounds to $ 1 , but $ 1,03 to $ 1,05 . 
  furthermore , rounding is only done at the end of the checkout process . 
  when adding up product prices , computing discounts , etc. . . the exact price is used . 
  so the most you stand to lose is 2 cents per transaction compared to what the non-rounded price would be . 
  if you do groceries daily , that 's $ 7,30 per year . 
  but that 's in the exceptionally unlikely event that you end up on the same side of the rounding everytime . 
  finally , prices are only rounded for cash transactions . 
  pay by card and you get the exact , unrounded , price . 
  and yes , if you want you can game that by paying cash if the rounding would end up in your favour and by card if it would n't . 
  noone does though , since it 's not worth the hassle . 
  so with this ruling , what 's the timeline going to look like ? 
  may had indicated march as the time to trigger a50 , but when will the parliament vote ? 
  could they stall the issue ? 
  this is likely to be exactly what 'll happen . 
  mlp may get the most votes in the first round , at which point the traditional left and right parties and their supporters shake hands and vote for whichever of their two candidates made it through the round 2 as well . 
  i think the eu would have trouble containing the schadenfreude as they draw up new accession treaties for the uk that do n't have all the opt-outs that the uk currently have . 
  indonesian , yes . 
  and his wife is hungarian , which is ironic since 5 years ago , while taking a short break from his usual muslim-bashing , he and his party started to become highly critical of migration from middle and eastern europe to the netherlands and they even set up website where citizens could report disturbances caused by middle - and eastern europeans . 
  the swiss are quite pragmatic and not necessarily focused on the flashy . 
  skoda uses vw technology , but on a stretched frame ( = more space ) at a lower price . 
  the value proposition makes a lot of sense ( which is why i drive a skoda as well ) . 
  in addition , i 've seen multiple companies use skoda octavia in their fleet extensively . 
  geneva police drives these cars , some companies in geneva as well . 
  you can see skodas quite often in geneva . 
  far more than i see on the french side of the border . 
  finally , skoda has 4x4 versions of some of its models , which are nice for mountain areas and in winter conditions . 
  the united federation of europe . 
  shit , i went from the dutch system to the swiss .
