  ... with your public transport chipcard . 
  toedels !, 
  the brexit and us polls were very good . 
  brexit polls predicted a close race and that 's what it ended up being . 
  the outcome was well within the moe . 
  us polls predicted a clinton popular vote victory that was within the moe of the actual outcome . 
  electoral college outcomes are notoriously hard to predict , because small differences can end up swinging the entire thing . 
  a mere 70k votes across 3 key states ended up making the difference . 
  the notion that somehow polling got the big 2016 elections all wrong is very inaccurate . 
  nah , as esa chief he 'd actually have to make those things a reality on a limited budget . 
  he 'd be more useful in a position where he can decide the size of the esa budget rather than how to spend it . 
  i 'd have thought that being a fascist dictatorship was enough to prevent eu accession , but fine , if it 's the death penalty that puts that plan out of its misery than so be it . 
  so that 's how their fuel prices can stay so low . 
  it 's all subsidized by our eu contributions . 
  there were parties that went from zero to a non-zero amount of seats . 
  that 's an infinite increase !, 
  polling stations being in many primary schools is one of the main reasons that the dutch elections are on a wednesday . 
  schools are normally closed wednesday afternoon , so it 's the weekday where the impact on the school is the lowest . 
  dutch person living in france and working in switzerland . 
  obviously i voted for more europe as well ( now to just convince the stubborn swiss people :p ) . 
  the mail-in ballot for voters abroad was alot more reasonable . 
  it was a single a4 page that had one set of checkboxes for all the parties and then another set of numbered checkboxes for which person of the party you wanted to vote for . 
  the disadvantage is that you do n't have the names of the candidates printed on the ballot , so if you 're interested in voting a specific candidate ( rather than just the party ) , you had to look up that persons position on the election website . 
  hard to say , but likely parties popular with younger voters ( as older voters vote more reliably , changes in turnout are mainly due to young voter turnout ) and newer parties without an established base of reliable voters . 
  nah , wilders would only have benefitted if the government had n't acted or had n't acted the way they did . 
  he would 've been shouting from the rooftops that the gov ' t is too weak to deal with muslims or something along those lines . 
  from an election point of view , this diplomatic incident plays out quite well for mark rutte and his party . 
  you do n't have to be a member of the party to be a member of the parties representation in parliament . 
  in practice , the pvv is the only party where this distinction is relevant . 
  the pvv mps have very limited freedom though . 
  wilders sets out the party policy and the mps are required to follow . 
  needless to say , it has frequently happened that an mp breaks away from the party due to disagreements with the dear leader . 
  mp appointments are on personal basis , so if an mp decides to break away from his party , he can keep his seat in parliament as an independent ( unless he volunteers to give it up , in which case the party can select a replacement ) . 
  even with better organization , third parties will have a very tough time make headway in the us though . 
  the fptp system ensures that things will always gravitate towards a two party system . 
  in addition , the fact that the two parties are so dominant means that talented up-and-coming politicians will be much more likely to join either of the two big ones , leaving the small parties to scrape the bottom of the barrel . 
  companies care about money ( especially publicly traded companies where shareholders have no bond with the company ) . 
  if most of their customers want them to do x and it is legal to do so , they likely will . 
  while i personally do n't really care what someone is wearing , i do agree with this ruling that companies should be able to set a dress code that matches the image the company wants to have . 
  if they want to appear neutral and ban religious symbols , then that should be possible , imo . 
  and company policy can be driven by consumer demands . 
  that 's a natural consequence . 
  but if the company performs a market survey and finds out that there 's a non-trivial amount of customers that have a certain preference , internal company rules will be updated rather quickly . 
  wishes of a customer , when in large enough number , will easily translate into wishes of the company . 
  hooked up to a dynamo and providing a medium-sized city with power from all the grave-spinning that he 's doing . 
  no need for structural reforms , just a rebranding of certain parts of the organization . 
  so that 's what is meant when the eu tells brits to `` get lost '' . 
  do n't make me post a sequence of three commas !, 
  that 's not a major barrier to entry . 
  running a national campaign costs considerably more if you combine the time investment and the actual expenses . 
   polls accurate in the netherlands ? 
  this particular discussion / subthread was about polling for the brexit and us elections . 
   trump won because under the collegiate system the us has , more people voted for trump . 
  no , fewer people voted for trump . 
  except the people that voted for trump did so in the right places , which is why he won . 
   my point is , again , that polls increasingly have nothing to do with the end result . 
  in the us , yes . 
  most polling and reporting was on the national popular vote , which is not the measuring-stick of their election . 
  the dutch election , which is what this thread is about has a much simpler structure and is simply proportional representation based on a national popular vote . 
  this is simple to poll . 
   a poll saying politician x 's vote is slipping when there 's no evidence of that beyond wishful thinking is pointless and tantamount to voter interference , whoever that politician is and whatever their pov . 
  the evidence of it is the outcome of the poll . 
  wilders is polling lower now than he was a while ago . 
  that is , unless you claim that the pollsters are faking the data , of course . 
   the central fact remains that the outcome ( s ) predicted were not correct . 
  if you poll 51 % / 49 % with a moe of 3 % , then the correct interpretation is `` too close to call '' . 
  the media kept saying `` remain in the lead '' . 
  there 's a reason these polls have margins of error , because they 're by definition not 100 % precise . 
  if you ignore the margin of error , you 're not interpreting the poll correctly . 
  yes , trump won due to rather small differences between polling and actual votes . 
  due to the particular nature of the us election system , these small differences can have a large effect . 
  and just like in the brexit case , the media completely misinterpreted the polls , they almost exclusively reported on national popular vote polls and from that concluded that hillary would win . 
  and she did win the popular vote with pretty much the same margin that the polls predicted . 
   in both of the examples you provide in your post , polls did not predict the winner !, 
  in the case of the us , polls were primarily done on the national popular vote , which they correctly predicted . 
  state-level polling is done much less frequently and with much less accuracy ( you 'd need 50 times more participants to do an accurate state-level poll of all states compared to a national popular vote poll ) . 
  in the case of the brexit vote , the polls predicted ** exactly ** what happened : a close race . 
  the polls could n't predict the winner , because the 50 % - mark was well within the margin of error of the polls . 
  it 's the media and others that incorrectly interpreted the polls that were the ones trying to predict a winner . 
   i do know that uk polls said we 'd vote remain and we 're leaving . 
  polls predicted a very close race . 
  it ended up being a very close race . 
  the outcome was well within the moe . 
   polls said clinton would win , the voters wanted trump !, 
  i know , complete madness personified , but that 's what they wanted !, 
  polls predicted a 2-3 % popular vote victory for clinton and that 's what she got . 
  polls predicted this more accurately than obama 's result in 2012 . 
  the electoral college flipped to trump based on very small victories in some key states ( wi , mi , pa primarily ) , which is something that is very hard to predict with polling . 
   can we trust polls ? 
  yes . 
  polls in both cases have been rather accurate . 
  people have been misinterpreting them and have been ignoring the inherent limitations that polls have in predicting the outcome . 
  many countries have some threshold that a party needs to reach before they 're eligible for seats . 
  obviously , you could say that the dutch have a 0.67 % threshold , but the point is that in plenty of countries you need at least something like 5 % of the vote before you get seats in parliament . 
  the dutch system has as advantage that it allows new and small parties to proliferate and potentially rise up more easily . 
  on the other hand , it increases fragmentation which may hinder coalition-building . 
  this last point has become increasingly relevant . 
  where in the past 2-3 party coalitions were standard , right now it may not be possible to form a majority coalition with 4 ( this is not only due to fragmentation , the fact that the pvv is essentially disqualified from participating in a coalition also contributes ) . 
  the cda practically got burned at the stake by their supporters for working with the pvv . 
  their members voted for on whether or not to work with the pvv at a party convention after the election and it was a highly disputed issue .
