  with such a drop in healthcare rating i 'll probably end up dieing in the streets of dysentery . 
  sure , but i bet that they 're considerably lower than having 24/7 availability of aircraft , pilots , aircraft technicians , air traffic controllers , etc. . . 
  switzerland has agreements with neighbouring countries for these things though . 
  it 's not as if the swiss suddenly noticed the hijacked plane and were scrambling to figure out what to do when someone shouted `` quick , call the french ! '', 
  they 're perfectly aware that incidents can happen when their air force is unable to respond and have made arrangements to ensure that the correct response does occur . 
  it may sound a bit silly , but it does reduce costs considerably to not have a 24/7 air response on standby . 
  ugh , is this some kind of independence-inception ? 
  well , technically they are if they 're suicides . 
  is that per year ? 
  if so , i better get to it . 
  we 're finally getting our act together !, 
  i live in france near the swiss border and commute to geneva 5 days per week . 
  the exact consequences are extremely minimal for me . 
  when travelling by bus i 've been passport-checked maybe 4-5 times since charlie hebdo . 
  never been checked or stopped when crossing by car ( usually in weekends ) . 
  there has been increased police presence on the border every now and then , but this has mostly been limited to the days/weeks directly following an attack ( charlie hebdo , bataclan , nice ) . 
  my daughters school locks its doors outside the standard hours for dropping off and picking up kids , though exceptions are still made on a case-by-case basis . 
  other than being informed of this , i 've not had this change affect me directly yet . 
  the local supermarket has a small a4 printout with instructions on what to do in case of a terrorist attack posted on the door . 
  which seems a bit pointless . 
   perhaps it would have an impact on austria and switzerland as well , considering there 's a similar level of support for it there . 
  the swiss have a referendum about it coming up . 
  ( then again , what subject do n't they have a referendum coming up for ? ), 
  the appeal has risks , but is n't necessarily stupid . 
  for one , if this conviction stands , then wilders is more susceptible to punishment if he commits a `` repeat offense '' , since the prosecution can fall back on the earlier conviction and argue that wilders did not learn his lesson . 
  if he 's acquitted , then it will be much harder to win a similar case against wilders in the future . 
  also , continuing the trial gives wilders more free attention . 
  elections are coming up in the spring and portraying himself as the man who speaks the truth in defiance of the elites that try to silence him is exactly what wilders wants . 
  finally , if he wants to move to some american right-wing thinktank after ending his political carreer , not having a criminal record will be very useful . 
  as it stands , this conviction will end up in his criminal record despite there not being a punishment . 
  if it gets overturned , his keeps a clean slate . 
  `` i '' is always capitalized in english . 
  it 's a rather self-centered language that way . 
  the election was mid-march , so about 4 months now . 
  which is definitely one of the longer formation rounds , but i do n't think it has broken any records yet . 
  it helps that vaccination is already mandatory in france for certain diseases . 
  all that they 've done is expand the set of mandatory vaccinations . 
  so there will obviously be less resistance , since the initial hurdle has already been taken . 
  there you have it . 
  time to anschluss !, 
  yes . 
  and while over the top , it 's at least more interesting to casually flip through than the bland european passports . 
  the dutch passports used to be quite nice as well . 
  every page would have a background image depicting a part of dutch history with a few lines of text describing the event . 
  now we just have plain , boring passports . 
  that some sort of wizard ? 
  do n't bluff . 
  cool , the first time i 've been accused of being alt-right . 
  i guess that 's the advantage of being a centrist , you get to piss everyone off . 
  anyway , there are ways to identify the origins of most people . 
  hire a few linguistic experts specialized in arabic and other languages of the relevant areas . 
  get them one on one with someone for a chat of a few minutes and they should be able to identify someones origins from his dialect . 
  and in the end , if you 're telling someone he 's being put on a plane out of the country , you 'll find that they 'll suddenly be more willing to volunteer their origins rather than risk ending up in the wrong african country . 
  once the political willpower is there to deal with the situation , it will be much easier ( and politically acceptable ) to provide safe shelter for actual refugees fleeing dangerous areas . 
  i feel that we should help out actual refugees of all colours , faiths and walks of life , but the people that are migrating illegaly only to be a leech on society i do n't mind seeing leave . 
  many of the origin countries receive development aid from european countries . 
  make that aid contingent on the country taking back its citizens that have entered the eu illegally . 
  just watch how quickly the attitude changes when you threaten to turn off the money-pumps . 
  the tower had a `` stay put '' policy in case of fires , the fire started near the bottom and worked its way up . 
  there 's a big risk that people on the upper floors simply got trapped because they followed the policy and did n't get out at the first sign of trouble . 
  the exterior of the building had plastic cladding that was apparently quite flammable . 
  in the netherlands , the 75 members of the upper house ( senate ) are elected by members of the provincial parliaments . 
  despite it being rather obvious who 'll vote for who ( almost all parties at the provincial level are part of a national party ) , the process is done as a regular election . 
  at one point , one provincial mp used his own pencil to mark his choice on the ballot rather than the pencil provided in the voting booth . 
  this was in violation of the election code and his vote was therefore voided . 
  this cost his party a senate seat . 
  while de telegraaf is generally trash , it does n't go nearly as far as those british `` newspapers '' . 
  you wo n't see the telegraaf openly telling people what to vote on its frontpage . 
  and its financial section is actually pretty good . 
  grand theft boat, 
  considering what the us has right now , just being a nice guy would already be a big improvement ... 
  they do n't like it . 
  but for a party with such extreme positions , they 're exceptionally rational about their potential influence ( and the limits thereof ) , so they wo n't try to change the things that they will never get enough political capital for . 
  no idea , we already had a dutch baby bed !, 
  but babies tend to have considerably more variation in birth weight than in birth length . 
  so `` one size fits all '' is a fairly reasonable assumption when it comes to baby beds . 
  i do n't remember hearing that , but it woud n't surprise me at all . 
  same sex marriage is a done deal in the netherlands , it 's part of the culture and it 's not going away . 
  it might have something to do with the dutch being the first to allow same sex marriage . 
  society did n't collapse and people have gotten used to it , so by now even most social conservatives have a `` meh , why not ? '', 
  attitude . 
  then you feed the kid lactose-free formula . 
  all major brands offer lactose-free variants . 
  the parents were just ignorant idiots who thought their hippie diet could be used for babies as well . 
  pff , that 's how much my youngest daughter weighed at birth . 
  healthy size for a dutch kid . 
  of course the nurses in the swiss hospital where she was born were n't as familiar with typical sizes for dutch spawns , so they had to do tests to check her metabolism because she was `` so big '' . 
  gluten are n't even part of a normal diet for babies that age . 
  if the mother was breastfeeding , she could 've simply followed a gluten free diet herself . 
  if not , then pretty much all formula is gluten free . 
  and there are plenty of lactose-free choices for formula too . 
  it 's more likely that the baby was simply colic and the parents with all their `` alternative wisdom '' concluded that the kid must be suffering all kinds of intolerances . 
  and if breastmilk is not an option , pretty much all formula is gluten-free as well . 
  gluten only enter the diet at a later age . 
  he piloted a fokker f70 , that 's a short-range aircraft . 
  used by klm only within europe . 
  he 's the president of france . 
  having a mistress is part of the benefits package and/or job requirements . 
  `` sorry mutti , can i get my phone back now ? 
  pretty please ? '',
