  lpt : do n't tell your son to turn around and smile for the camera while someone is cutting into his penis . 
  those 85 % -15 % numbers were `` chance to win '' numbers and not popular vote ( or even electoral vote ) divisions . 
  current french election poll numbers give prediction on how the popular vote is split . 
  the two are n't really comparable . 
  in addition , the us election is harder to properly predict since the electoral college with the fptp system make for a very unstable situation , where a few small variations can have large effects . 
  and indeed , trump won largely thanks to extremely thin victories in 3 states . 
  the poll predictions for the popular vote outcome were more accurate for the trump/clinton election than they were for obama/romney 4 years earlier . 
  i agree that we should n't consider the french election as a done deal , but with the current polling data , it 's reasonable to assume that the chance of le pen winning the presidency is very small . 
  however , nothing is certain , so to all the french : get out and vote on sunday ( and in round 2 ) !, 
  both trump and brexit polled far better than any of the potential second round matchups for le pen . 
  obviously , it 's better if she simply does n't make the second round , but that 's not the most probable course of action . 
  supporters for other candidates will likely coalesce behind the non-le pen candidate that makes it to round 2 . 
  the only time a le pen made it to the 2nd round , he ( it was daddy le pen back then ) was easily defeated . 
  well , the upcoming election is a presidential election . 
  whoever wins ( at the end of the second round ) becomes president . 
  no need to form coalitions like in the netherlands . 
  however , the power of the president is limited and he/she still needs support from the legislature . 
  in france , the main thing to look for is the `` national assembly '' , which is comparable to the tweede kamer in the netherlands , for which there recently were elections . 
  national assembly elections are scheduled for later this year . 
  currently le pen 's party , front national , has almost no presence here , but it is likely that it will increase . 
  however , even with an increase for the fn , they 'll still be far away from a majority , so they will have to compromise with other parties . 
  i 'm not sure to what extent the other parties are willing to do that or not . 
  if they decide to block the fn , it would make a hypothetical le pen presidency far less effective . 
   just use the same system as the us , switzerland , germany where you have two chambers . 
  one is a senate and one proportional representation . 
  the head of states would just be senators . 
  that system is already in place . 
  the european parliament is elected directly by the people and has proportional representation ( somewhat , the number of meps per citizen is lower for larger states , similar to how it is in the us house of representatives ) while the council of the european union consists of representatives of the governments of the member states . 
  who represents a state in the council depends on the matter being discussed ( e.g. 
  if it 's an economic issue , countries typically dispatch their economy minister to the council ) . 
  together , the parliament and the council serve as the two chambers of a bicameral government . 
  which means that the tories are able knock out labour and ukip in a single election . 
  very effective move by may . 
  she knows how to play the game of thrones . 
  he wants to make companies that offer encrypted messaging services provide encryption keys to authorities on demand . 
  this is the position that macron has gotten the most criticism for here on reddit at least ( and rightfully so , it 's a stupid idea ) . 
   so please go ahead , what issues eu needs to reform ? 
  most people have no idea of what the structure of the eu government looks like . 
  which entity is responsible for what and how people in those organizations are chosen . 
  many people , especially opponents , like to attribute decissions they consider bad to undemocratic eu organizations , where it 's often the individual member states pushing the decission through the council of the european union ( which contains representatives of member governments ) . 
  once people are more informed about what the eu does and how it does it , and once it 's clearer which decissions originated where , support for the eu will likely increase . 
  and then people can start thinking about how to proceed . 
  because right now most eu sentiments are based on lack of information of misinformation . 
  not sure , but i think that it 's related to the issue that there 's no real alternative for conservative rightwing voters . 
  only le pen and macron can vaguely stake a claim to those , but both of them are quite far from the standard rightwing conservative ideals . 
  the first round is going to be considerably closer than it looked a month ago . 
  macron and le pen are still swapping back and forth for the lead , but melenchon is on a steady rise and even fillon is rebounding a bit . 
  i think the big question will be is whether melenchon can siphon off more hamon supporters in the coming week or not . 
  hamon is acting as a bit of a spoiler candidate for melenchon and melenchons recent rise is mirrored quite well by the decline of support for hamon . 
  it 's going to be an interesting week . 
  ( note : am dutch , but live in france . 
  ca n't vote for this one , but the results will obviously affect me . ), 
  pretty sure it will take more than 50 years for these coins to obtain some non-trivial value . 
  many people have kept some old money `` for when it becomes rare '' and these coins and bills were n't special issues , they were in wide circulation . 
  the pre-euro coins will likely be popular among collectors , because of their historical significance , but not because of their value . 
  yes , in the netherlands it 's very possible for a criminal to get back into society in a productive way . 
  prison has a strong emphasis on rehabilitation , so that already helps . 
  furthermore , landlords and employers do n't learn of someones criminal record by default . 
  of course , for employers there 's still a gap in your cv that you 'll have to explain . 
  note that for some jobs you have to supply a `` certificate of good conduct '' , which is an evaluation of your suitability for that job based on your criminal record . 
  however , this evaluation takes into account only those offenses that are a risk factor for the job in question . 
  if you 've previously been convicted of fraud , you wo n't get the certificate for a job at a bank , but you may still get it for a job at a daycare center . 
  and vice versa if there 's a sex offense on your record . 
  i 'll update it when i need to send it somewhere and something changed since the last update ( or the target audience is different ) . 
  the last time was a bit more than 3 years ago when i applied for my current job . 
  i do n't see much point in updating it regularly when there 's no need for it . 
  if i need my cv for something , updating it wo n't take that much time anyway . 
  the thing consists of 2 pages with sections on personal / contact details , `` profile '' ( just some bullet points stating how awesome i am ) , employment , education , volunteer work , skills ( tech , language ) & hobbies/interests . 
  if i had to make an academic cv , i 'd have to sneak in a section with my scientific publications and cull some of the other stuff to keep it within 2 pages . 
  voter id laws !, 
  at first glance , it 's absurd that you can vote in the us without providing a form of id . 
  for dutch elections , showing id is mandatory . 
  however , in the netherlands it 's also extremely common to not have some form of id . 
  so while most dutch people agree with the requirement to have some form of id in order to cast your vote in accordance with existing laws , there is no intent for this policy to discourage people from voting . 
  it does n't really affect anyone . 
  but the intentions that the republicans have with a voter id policy may be different ... 
  of the developed nations , the us has by far the strongest military-pride-culture . 
  so with the way the original question was phrased , it 's logical to assume that the topicstarter is an american . 
  and yes , most europeans find the obsession that americans have with their military weird and sometimes a bit creepy . 
  detached house in france , natural gas for both water and heating . 
  same with the geneva-area . 
  geneva is conveniently surrounded by france on almost every side . 
  swiss income , french cost-of-living ( although things like rent do partially scale up ) . 
  as a downside , for people living in the area with a job in france it 's not so nice , they 're income to cost ratio is rather unfavourable since things like rent are quite high compared to typical french standards . 
  as a result , many people working low income jobs in the french part of the region actually live elsewhere , further away from geneva , because it would n't be affordable otherwise . 
  kees van der staaij , the leader of the sgp , which is the most strongly christian-conservative party in the dutch parliament . 
  to give an idea on where this party stands : they have all the regular christian-conservative viewpoints on abortion , gay marriage and such . 
  but they only removed references to a theocracy from their party platform 10 years ago and it 's even more recent that women were not allowed to become a member of the party ( this had to be forced in court ) . 
  so that gives you a rough idea on where they stand in the political spectrum in the netherlands . 
  now , their leader , kees van der staaij is an exceptionally respectable politician . 
  he will follow parliamentary procedure to the letter and will never speak out of turn . 
  while there is frequently some mudslinging to and from the rightwing populist geert wilders , involving most other major players , van der staaij always remains polite and respectful towards his political opponents . 
  not extremely common among christian fundamentalists , he is acutely aware that his party represents only a small fraction of the dutch population ( they very consistently receive between 1 % and 2 % of the vote ) and very pragmatically plays his part accordingly , trading support on contested votes on issues for minor favours in line with the platform of the party . 
  while i disagree with the man on almost all of his political points , i do have a great deal of respect for how he behaves and works . 
  if all politicians would follow his example on that front , politics would be much improved . 
  why would i want to see it ? 
  monitoring of traffic is already done with automated cameras and other detection mechanisms installed on or near the highways . 
  from that information , reports of traffic jams are compiled . 
  this is more accurate than flying over the highway with a helicopter , because it allows for reasonable good estimates of the total length of a traffic jam as well as the expected delay . 
  finally , these days there 's even more accurate information available through google , which simply monitors all smartphones with its apps and how they move .
