  i like the freedom of movement . 
  not just the hassle-free vacations , but the whole thing . 
  while i lived in the netherlands for most of my life , i moved to france 3.5 years ago . 
  there was no long visa process that requires all kinds of paperwork or fees , we just packed our car with whatever we could fit , put the rest into storage and moved . 
  while there were some things that are still country-specific ( health insurance , car registration , etc. . . ) , several of these things have a decent enough grace period to allow you to tackle them one at a time , rather than have to stress to fully arrange your life within a week after arrival . 
  i 'm still using my dutch driver 's license , which will be exchanged for a french when i 'm due a renewal next year . 
  i 'm still primarily using my dutch bank account , because thanks to sepa this works almost as well as a local french account ( eventually we did get a french account for some specific things , but the dutch account is still what we use the most ) . 
  rate is already down to 1.09628 eur/usd . 
  the other important euro-rate , eur/chf did n't move more than 0.2 % because of this . 
  macron winning was mostly priced in already . 
  we may see a more gradual price movement once he takes office and his policies come into effect . 
  same thing right ? 
  leave and you 're dead to us !, 
  well , they did just vote out the darkness . 
  not so sure about that . 
  i would think that a macron victory was already mostly priced into the exchange rate . 
  the round 1 outcome was a lot less certain than the round 2 outcome . 
  i think that almost all traders will be expecting a macron victory and will already have traded accordingly . 
  i expect some small gains for the euro , but nothing huge ( or `` yuge '' ? ), 
  note that there will be 2 sources of projections coming in after the polls close : exit polls and projections based on first counts . 
  exit polls were quite accurate for the first round . 
  projections based on the first places to report vote counts will vary wildly for reasons mentioned above ( le pen is favoured in rural areas that tend to report more quickly ) . 
  that seems likely , yes . 
  after the dnc hacks , i would assume that every political organization is hammering proper email etiquette into their members . 
  it 's clear now what the risks are , so why take the chance ? 
  regardless of whether trump won fair and square or not , calling the clusterfuck that is fptp / electoral college a `` real democracy '' is a bit absurd . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's because most of them are 12 year olds with no understanding of how anything works . 
  or wimlex on a 737 . 
  and he 's there to break the ice on diplomatic missions . 
  having a figurehead who is separate from the political ebs and flows and who is a constant factor for a few decades can be a good thing when visiting foreign countries for diplomatic and trade purposes . 
  uncle vlad does n't mind if marine uses a bit of lies and deception to get to where she needs to be . 
  it 's the end result that counts , after all . 
  as a dutch inhabitant of ain working in switzerland ( embracing that free movement stuff ) , i agree . 
  the entire economy of the border area near geneva depends on the permeability of the border . 
  then again , people voting against their best interests is n't exactly a new thing . 
  but in the us the senate is already explicitly designed to protect the interests of smaller states ( since every state gets 2 senators , regardless of population ) . 
  as it is right now , all three elected bodies in the us federal government ( senate , house of representatives , president ) can be controlled by a minority vote from smaller states . 
  so what was intended to protect people from a tyranny of the majority has enabled a tyranny of the minority . 
  do n't count on it . 
  they 'll just alt-fact their way into a story that makes this a victory . 
  either way , we still have round 2 coming up . 
  but i 'm confident le pen will go 0-2 once all is said and done ( and then 0-3 when the elections for the national assembly happen later this year ) . 
  exactly . 
  it was the same story with the dutch elections a month ago . 
  the right-wing populists of the pvv appeared to be outperforming the exit polls when early results were coming in , but once big cities started to report their results , the pvv dropped back down . 
  in the end , the exit polls turned out to be very accurate . 
  hamon is from the party that is traditionally center-left . 
  but so is the current president hollande , who got a lot of backlash for being considerably less left than advertised . 
  because of that it 's likely that the party bounced back to the other extreme and picked a much stronger leftist candidate . 
  so normally hamon is supposed to take the `` boring center left '' role , but the dynamics of the current presidency have more or less messed that up . 
  you can only have 2 threads stickied in a subreddit . 
  one of those is the japanese cultural exchange thread and the megathread had to make way for this livethread . 
  i do n't really believe in him that much . 
  none of the candidates really make me happy . 
  but since i 'm not allowed to vote anyway , it 's not a big problem . 
  but i would like a progressive pro-eu president . 
  that last bit rules out le pen and melechon , the first part disqualifies fillion . 
  macron best matches my preferences , but it 's not an ideal match . 
  no , but french citizens living in quebec are . 
  obviously the number of french expats in quebec will be relatively high compared to other regions of the world thanks to the language compatibility . 
  as dutchman living in france : en marche , macron !, 
  all of the top 4 candidates have some serious flaws ( some more serious than others ) , but from a progressive pro-eu point of view , macron is by far the most logical option . 
  sure , my oldest is bilingual ( french/dutch ) . 
  the youngest does n't get further than unintelligible babbling yet . 
  that 's because the attack failed . 
  if it had inflicted serious damage , the stock price would 've plummeted since the players of a team are by far its most valuable asset . 
   edit : i 've read that he could have made 100-1000 times the profit , since he bought option instead of shares . 
  still not sure how it works . 
  reporting is a bit unclear on this matter , but it appears that he bought 15000 put options and not put options for 15000 shares . 
  the distinction is important , because option contracts are often for batches of 100 shares per contract . 
  so the 15000 put options would 've given him the right to sell 1.5 m shares . 
  if he bought the options with a strike price that is considerably below the actual price at the time of purchase , then the options would 've been very cheap . 
  and that way there is major potential for profit . 
  if his attack had done major damage ( multiple players seriously injured or killed ) , the stock would 've plummeted . 
  and once the price dips below the strike price of the put options , the attacker would 've cashed in $ 150k for every $ 0.1 of price decrease of the stock . 
  they already drank it all , so nothing left to hold . 
  do n't be so sure , i 'm training my spawns to infiltrate french schools and brainwash the other kids with dutch-swiss ( mostly dutch ) propaganda . 
  the oldest is already on the job . 
  while you 're busy anschlussing germany , we 'll be converting france from within !, 
  candidates for an anti-eu party that have personally benefited from the freedom of movement offered by the eu . 
  this 'll be interesting . 
   under no scenario is the uk economy going to shrink though . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  if the uk does n't manage to establish good trade deals with other countries ( including the eu ) before the brexit is finalized , the economy will very likely take a hit . 
  obviously , we ca n't predict what it 'll look like 10 years from now , but saying that shrinking of the economy , at least in the short term , is simply not a possible scenario is far too optimistic . 
  but the situation is n't as simple as just looking at the net contribution ( or revenue ) . 
  the eu brings various advantages that may benefit trade , which in turn yields more tax revenue . 
  leaving the eu will very likely have a noticeable effect on the uk economy ( what kind of effect and how big remains to be seen ) and this will in turn affect the money available for the government . 
  which is why i added the `` non-medical reasons '' to my post . 
  if there are good medical reasons for a procedure , then age is irrelevant and it 's between the doctor and whoever has the authority to decide for the child ( usually the parents ) to decide on a course of action . 
  there are plenty of procedures that are done with local anaesthesia only , it 's excessive to put someone to sleep for a circumcision . 
  and a parent being present to comfort a child during a medical procedure is very reasonable . 
  could the surgeon have done things that would 've changed the outcome ? 
  sure . 
  but as far as we can tell from the article , he performed the procedure in the usual way , so i do n't think that he should get any blame for the mishap . 
  that 's 100 % on the father . 
  circumcision for non-medical reasons should be banned unless the person on the receiving end is old enough to consent to the procedure . 
  that said , i do n't see that the surgeon was at fault here . 
  the father was distracting his kid during the procedure ( because he wanted to take pictures ) which caused the boy to move unexpectedly while the surgeon was working . 
  father is at fault here .
