   voter passes is a good idea , and a lot of states have some way to identify voters already , but putting polling places near train stations and airports would n't work as well here , since the us is fucking enormous and almost nobody here uses trains , besides that every american does n't live near an airport . 
  there 's a good reason the middle states are called `` flyover country . '' sure , the logistics in the us are different than in the netherlands . 
  but still , there appears to be very little effort being made in making sure that there are enough polling stations in convenient locations . 
  especially in larger cities , the local governments should have a very good idea of what the traffic flows are and they can setup well-staffed polling stations in areas that attract a large amount of traffic ( malls , subway/bus stations , etc. . . ) . 
   most polling locations here in my city ( philadelphia , where the united states was born ) are libraries , schools , or other such places , but i think the problem is more about timing than location . 
  we vote on a tuesday , and it 's not a holiday . 
  changing that would be a start . 
  the netherlands had their most important elections less than a week ago . 
  on a wednesday . 
  turnout was more than 80 % . 
  voting holidays are a decent idea , but they 're hardly necessary . 
  and even with voting holidays , you 'll still have to make arrangements for the part of the population that has to work anyway . 
  just make sure that people have an easy time voting , close to home , close to work or anywhere in between , generous opening hours with minimal queues . 
   most of the issue is with the power of states compared to that of the federal government . 
  according to the tenth amendment to our constitution , the federal government is allowed only the powers which are spelled out in the constitution , with all other powers vested in the states themselves , or the people . 
  we ca n't just pass a federal law with terms you suggest , as much as that might be necessary or helpful . 
  i 'm not seeing many states making big steps in the right direction on this subject either . 
  while the division of power in the us would indeed hinder this on a federal level , there 's nothing stopping states from taking the measures needed to push turnout up . 
  why even assign polling stations to people ? 
  send every voter a voter-pass to their registered address and let them bring that to the polling station of their choice ( and require them to bring id as well , after having made sure that ids are readily available to anyone ) . 
  that way people can vote near their place of work , or even on the way to work . 
  in the netherlands , there were polling stations at all major trainstations and at the airport . 
   the problem with that is money in politics . 
  once that 's gone we can fix the rest . 
  money in politics is part of the problem , but not all of it . 
  even without money in politics , the two big parties will still not want to relinquish their dual hold over the us government . 
  get rid of fptp and you solve the biggest problem . 
  if you turn the presidental election into a national popular vote , you get rid of the pandering to swing states and essentially invalidating the vote for people in solid red/blue states . 
  setup something like the french 2-round system ( first round is free for all , but if no candidate snatches a majority , the top 2 candidates advance to a second voting round to determine the winner ) and you do n't even need presidential primaries anymore . 
  anyone who is able to organize a campaign can run , independent of whether they get the rubberstamp from the party brass . 
  in this scenario , sanders could 've run an independent campaign and the election would 've consisted of a first round with actual choice for voters : trump , clinton , sanders , cruz , rubio , ... 
  there are no mechanisms to directly prevent foreign powers from influencing elections through means of propaganda . 
  but with the need to form a coalition , the potential benefit of boosting one party is limited . 
  as for the actual election , the possibilities for widespread fraud are almost nonexistent . 
  voting is done on paper ballots that are counted by hand . 
  each voter receives a voter-pass by mail that they have to hand in at the polling station to receive their ballot and afterwards , the number of voter-passes is compared to the number of ballots to ensure everything is accounted for . 
  counting is done by groups of volunteers that do n't know eachother beforehand . 
  interested citizens have the right to attend and observe the counting process at each polling station . 
  votes are counted twice , first a quick count based on party , so that initial results can be published rapidly and afterwards a count of votes for individual candidates ( our ballots contain a list of parties and a list of candidates for each party ) to determine if there are candidates with enoug preferential votes to receive a seat despite not being high enough on the list for their party . 
  the second count is another security measure . 
  finally , results , with breakdown by pollingstation are published online for anyone to check . 
  ballots are stored for several months in case a recount is needed . 
  but , even with all these procedural measures in place , the best protection against tampering is the structure of the political system . 
  a multi-party system with proportional representation means that it 's very hard for a single party to put too big a mark on policy . 
  in addition , the proportional representation means that there are no critical areas that could be targeted where a small change can swing the outcome on a larger scale . 
  bsc in physics and mathematics , msc in mathematics , phd in physics . 
  the shengen visa is essentially just your regular tourist visa , but it 's valid for multiple countries ( the entire shengen area ) . 
  if this policy is enacted ( which is not certain yet ) , it will take time before it takes effect . 
  there will almost certainly be plenty of advance warning ( we do n't do our border-policies trump-style ) . 
  in the rare event that you do need a visa for your trip in may , you will get a shengen visa , which will allow you to travel freely throughout the shengen area , which includes the netherlands and belgium . 
  06:30 alarm clock ( assuming kids did n't wake me up earlier ) . 
  get up , do standard bathroom stuff . 
  06:50 if neither of the two kids has woken up yet , pull the oldest out of bed , get her dressed and make her breakfast . 
  eat some breakfast myself . 
  07:15 drive to bus stop , take bus to work . 
  08:00 work . 
  bash keyboard , move mouse around , repeat . 
  16:45 take bus back , pick up kid # 1 from school at 17:30 , # 2 from daycare directly after . 
  18:00 back home , either cook or entertain kids . 
  ~ 19:00 eat dinner , convince oldest kid to eat veggies , convince youngest to not throw her bread on the ground all the time . 
  ~ 20:00 kids go to bed , time for games / watching tv / etc. . . 23:00 ~ 24:00 sleepy time . 
  somewhere in parallel to all this my wife also does various things . 
  i 'm fairly certain this is what causes my kids to be at school/daycare every day despite them still being at home when i leave . 
  i 'm not aware of any problems with a fractional amount of nationalities . 
  there are , however , treaties to prevent people from having 0 nationalities . 
  there 's no fundamental issue with having any number of nationalities ( greater than zero ) . 
  my wife has 3 nationalities for example . 
  however , many countries have restrictions on other nationalities . 
  when obtaining a new nationality , you sometimes have to renounce your other one ( s ) . 
  either because the country that you 're getting the nationality of demands this or because the country that you already have the nationality of wo n't let you voluntarily obtain another . 
  so you need to check the swedish rules and requirements for obtaining their nationality . 
  and you need to check the us and uk rules regarding the acquisition of a foreign nationality . 
  i do n't live in the netherlands anymore . 
  but before , i lived in apeldoorn ( veluwe area ) , utrecht and amsterdam . 
  i agree that the veluwe water was the best , but the utrecht water was n't far behind . 
  ( ch/fr ) raclette - on hot dishes ( nl ) gouda ( young ) - on sandwiches ( ch ) t\u00eate de moine - for snacking, 
  tap water in the netherlands is fine for drinking , since health and safety standard for tap water are stricter than those for bottled water . 
  in some parts of the country , the tap water comes from the same source as one of the bottled water brands . 
  i now live in france , where the tap water is fine to drink as well , but it tastes a bit worse . 
   he would have to change our constitution , which guarantees ( article 6 ) freedom of religion and the right to hold religious services in private . 
  he would need a 2/3 majority in both houses to change the constitution . 
  it 's even harder than that to change the constitution . 
  you need a simple majority to start the process and then only after the next elections and the inauguration of the new parliament will a final vote be held which requires a two-thirds majority in both houses to pass . 
  so even if wilders or any other group gets a surprisingly large amount of support at one point , there 's still more than enough time for people to develop buyers remorse and prevent the proposed change from being made final . 
  move to switzerland and ride out the storm . 
  i live in france very close to the border , i work in switzerland . 
  my wife and daughters have swiss nationality ( and i 'm eligible to apply for it ) , so i 'm fairly sure we 'd get in . 
  it 's not commonly referred to as herpes . 
  but it 's not really a big deal . 
  do n't have direct or indirect mouth contact with someone who has it and that 's all . 
  you can get some over-the-counter medication to help with the symptoms or you can just let it run its course . 
  yes , it 's sortof locked in legal limbo . 
  the government issued something like an executive order to not prosecute possession and sale of small quantities , but it was never actually legalized . 
  this situation is considered undesirable by most political parties , but with the conservatives seeking to end the current solution by enforcing the law and the progressives aiming for legalization , there 's a deadlock . 
  and neither side considers the matter important enough to spend political capital on it . 
   is it safer than the media makes it out to be ? 
  everything is safer than the media makes it out to be . 
  you wo n't see them reporting `` a quiet night in berlin , where nothing really happened . '', 
  western european countries are fairly comparable to australia in terms of safety . 
  yes , every now and then something can happen , but if you do n't do anything stupid then by far the biggest `` treat '' are pickpockets in crowded/touristy areas .
