this could be the grand , unifying thing that brings the eu together . 
  this makes far more sense . 
  especially given that the dutch referendum law only allows a referendum to be called on a law that has already been passed . 
  so the default `` do nothing '' option is already to simply let the law pass . 
  it would make sense that for such a referendum , the onus is on the opponents to generate sufficient turnout . 
  `` russia - bringing countries together since the dawn of time '', 
  nonsense , you bunch were just going through a phase . 
  * english - the nokia 3310 of languages . 
  translation : in the refugee camp in calais , multiple cases of measles have been confirmed this weekend . 
  in the camp in duinkerke , several cases have been reported as well , according to vrt ( * tn : * belgian public broadcasting agency ) . 
  however , in duinkerke the diagnosis has yet to be confirmed by doctors without borders . 
  `` to combat the further spreading of this highly contagious disease , we call upon all volunteer to take the necessary precautions . 
  even those who are vaccinated against measles can still spread it , '' says the aid organization . 
  `` especially pregnant women and people who have not been vaccinated against measles are strongly recommended to not visit the camp in the coming weeks . '', 
  extreme caution doctors without borders is plannnig a large vaccination campaign at both locations . 
  since this has to be done in cooperation with the french government , it might take until the end of the week before the campaign can be started in calais . 
  in duinkerke it will only be possible one week after that . 
  extreme caution has been urged for everyone on the site , to prevent the spread of the disease . 
  exactly this . 
  once the referendum law came into effect , some minor anti-eu protest group worked in collaboration with a major anti-establishment website to snatch the first law that was related to the eu to file a referendum for . 
  that happened to be the association agreement with ukraine . 
  if it would 've been a law on eu milk quotas , then we 'd be having a referendum about that . 
  the reason behind this is that the the referendum law only allows for people to call for a referendum on a new law . 
  there is no possibility to bring forth a new initiative and put it up for vote by referendum . 
  the anti-eu group could n't start an initiative for an anti-eu referendum , so they took this piece of legislation regarding the association agreement and twisted it into an anti-eu referendum . 
  it 's ironic , the same people that complain that the eu is undemocratic , twist and bend their democratic rights to such an extent that they get what they want . 
  codesharing ( such as done in this case by ma and klm ) is only for commercial purposes , it has no influence on the legal aspects of the flight . 
  mh17 was owned and operated by malaysian airlines , klm ( and by extension the dutch government ) are not a part in it . 
  the role of the netherlands is often greatly overstated in this matter . 
  it was a malaysian craft shot down by russians while flying over ukraine . 
  while the fact that a large number of dutch people were on board and that the plane departed from the netherlands has greatly affected the country , it has no legal implications . 
  the dutch would n't even by a part of the official investigation ( which by icao rules should be a joint effort between country over which the incident occurred ( ukraine ) , country in which the plane was registered ( malaysia ) , country in which the planes constructor is located/registered ( us ) ) had they not been invited by ukraine/malaysia to take the lead . 
  santa claus greatly predates coca cola . 
  santa claus is the americanization of the name sinterklaas and the characters is based on a combination of the sinterklaas ( saint nicholas ) figure from dutch culture and the english figure father christmas . 
  santa claus originates from the merger of dutch and english colonist cultures in the eastern us . 
  coca cola made the figure a large part of their marketing in the holiday season , but that 's completely unrelated to the origin of santa claus . 
  the troops that were there were highly irregular . 
  after all , they were the only soldiers of the russian army that were fighting in ukraine . 
  a transfer to another flight ( potentially with some waiting in between ) . 
  for example : a few years ago i flew from the netherlands to brasil via washington d.c. 
  i had to fill out the online esta registration form before the flight and in washington , i had to go through immigration where i was fingerprinted and asked various questions regarding the nature of my trip . 
  in contrast , the same year i flew from the netherlands to china , with a layover in moscow . 
  there there was no such process , i simply waited in the international terminal and never passed through immigration or customs , since i was not planning on actually entering the country . 
  the us exaggerates a bit with its air travel procedures . 
   i wonder if that means that buying my service in romania would be better , as the tariff is less and the prices equal wherever in europe i am . 
  the new system does include a `` fair use policy '' , presumably aimed at preventing people from getting their phone subscription in the cheapest country and roaming 100 % of the time . 
  what the precise restrictions of this fup will be remains to be seen . 
  maybe that 's one of the compromises that got wallonia to finally agree to ceta . 
  not lately . 
  unless you believe that the absolute value of a currency ( which on its own is a rather arbitrary number ) is a measure of its strength . 
  if those people have problems with gay marriage , they should n't marry a gay person . 
  literally nothing changes in a country that starts to allow gay marriage , other than that gay people get married . 
  scottish referendum votum ... scrotum . 
  it does n't have to make much sense , as long as it gives us the scrotum abbreviation . 
  if the recent euro cup ( and more notably its qualification stage ) is any inidication , it 'd be a minor miracle if we 'd even qualified . 
   ... amoral shitwigs ... toffee-faced cockthistle ... 
  whenever i run out of creative ways to insult people in english , i can always count on the british to provide fresh new ideas . 
  the dutch government released its financial plans for the coming year a week ago and it has increased military spending . 
  if anything , the downsizing of the military that has gone on for some time now is coming to an end . 
  right now , the uk is a major player in nato , obviously a tier below the us , but still . 
  with a eu army , nato will primarly be `` us , eu , some other countries '' . 
  no , from france . 
  i 'm dutch , but live in france and work in switzerland . 
  embracing the spirit of a borderless europe , so to say . 
  please do n't , i commute to switzerland every workday ... traffic across the border is bad enough as it is without border controls slowing it down even further . 
  it ended last night here in geneva . 
  it 's only 20 degrees with light clouds now after a night of rain . 
  the first attempt they got to $ 38.827.915.580 before the bayer guy lost count and had to restart . 
  monsanto shareholders had to be sweettalked alot in order to not get them to just blow the whole thing off in frustration . 
  and in that case you select the option to leave the choice of organ donation to your family . 
  but there are many people that do n't want their family to make this decision . 
  some default has to be picked for what happens if someone has n't decided what is to be done after death . 
  just like with your inheritance , if you do n't have a will , the government sets the rules on how your inheritance is divided . 
  with opt-out organ donation , it 's the same : if you have n't specified your preference in life , the government decides what happens after you die . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  and it 's very easy to override the default option by simply registering your preference . 
  nope , you log in on a website with your government online login , you click a few times to select your preference and it 's done . 
  should take about 5 minutes if you 're a slow reader using dialup internet . 
  for those that do n't like online stuff , there 's a form you can fill and send in with the same questions . 
  either way , it 's a very simple process and you do n't have to explain your choice in any way . 
  but the body is useless without the brain . 
  it is just an empty husk . 
  a computer whose harddisk has been damaged beyond recovery . 
  sure , you can plug in a usb stick with a minimal operating system and keep it running , but what 's the point if the components can be reused elsewhere ? 
  once you 're braindead , you 're gone . 
  there 's no coming back from that . 
  they can keep the body on artificial life support until half-life 3 comes out , but that wo n't make any difference . 
  the border between life and death is not a sharp line , but there are definite points where it is certain that whatever it is that makes you you is gone and not coming back , while the rest of the body is still more or less operational . 
   also unless the government actively gives a warning ( e.g. 
  a letter to everyone and in the future one at age 12 and 18 / lessons at school ) most people wo n't know about it the current proposal is to send non-registered people a letter informing them about the choice and the consequences of not choosing . 
  if there is no reply / registration within 6 weeks , they 'll get another letter . 
  only after that one has gone unanswered will someone be registered as `` no objection '' ( which is a different registration than the `` yes '' that people who explicitly chose for donation get . 
  the purpose is to be able to differentiate between the two groups and to allow for a rollback to the old system if needed ) . 
  so you 're being informed by letter twice ( on top of regular information available about organ donation , for example through schools ) before you 're registered as not objecting . 
  and even if you 're slow with responding to both letters , a registration can be changed at any time . 
  which interests are being served when the next of kin conclude that the death was the result of a medical error and because of that decide to not allow organ donation ? 
  that feels like an extremely petty `` ha ha , you messed up and now you ca n't take the organs '' response to the doctor . 
  while elsewhere , someone completely unrelated to it all misses a chance to live . 
   how is brexit selfish ? 
  british people think about the good of the british people .
