  which is the very definition of `` selfish '' . 
  does n't mean it 's wrong per se . 
  internal country politics should of course heavily weigh the benefits to the people of that country when deciding something . 
  and whether or not the brexit is in the best interests of the british people is highly debatable . 
  but it 's still a selfish choice . 
  as it should be . 
  also nigeria is full of very wealthy princes that want to share their fortune . 
  that 's a problem with the implementation of the inheritance tax , not with the concept itself . 
  a problem that could easily be solved by a more progressive tax scale , where lower and middle class pay little or nothing , while the upper class pay more significant amounts . 
  being one of the few industrialized countries that managed to get out of ww2 with practically all its industry and infrastructure intact was a huge boost to the us economical and political influence in the world . 
  it 's time for the eu to come together on this one and do something like move these 8 people to germany or france `` for security reasons '' . 
  eu response to erdogans latest stunts has been a bit too mild for my taste . 
  now that you mention it , there 's currently a gypsy camp set up right next to one of the entrances ( on the french side ) to the main cern site . 
  dude , check the news :(, 
  the leave campaign is really showing its true face now . 
  like populists everywhere , they wanted a protest vote , to shout angrily at `` the man '' , but never to take any responsibility whatsoever . 
  it 's a damn shame that this attitude put the uk in the situation it is now in , with a lot of uncertainty going forward . 
  cowards . 
  they are , but the government has a certain amount of time to implement it . 
  in this case , that 's 3 years which is up early next year . 
  so far there has been little progress on the issue . 
  `` no immediate plans '' is delightfully vague . 
  i would be surprised if international companies with a large uk branch do n't have some sort of contingency plan ready in case they decide to relocate . 
  it 's relatively cheap to draw up some plans just in case , but potentially very costly if you have to rush things last minute because you were n't prepared . 
  switzerland is part of schengen , so they have open borders by default . 
  yes . 
  it 's like a wheel . 
  a wheel of time . 
  the swiss have referendums multiple times per year , with multiple issues up for voting on each referendum day , at national , cantonal and local level . 
  so there 's no time or opportunity for a long media buildup to a single referendum item . 
  while also taking their social security benefits of course . 
  if you ca n't judge a country by the behaviour of the leaders of its wow guilds , what else is there really ? 
  you 're still thinking too small scale and earth-centric ... call it the united federation of planets . 
  the germans tried to introduce the same flag for all of europe in the late '30s . 
  it did n't go over very well . 
  there seems to be a notable difference between online polls and phone polls , with phone-polls being considerably more pro-stay while online polls are quite balanced or even a bit pro-leave . 
  are the demographics of both poll-types properly adjusted for ? 
  i can imagine online polls attracting a younger audience than phone polls . 
  probably a variation of `` got mine , screw the rest '' . 
  it 's pretty common in all areas of politics/democracy to see people support measures that would have affected them negatively in the past . 
  planning or taking military action against the state you are a citizen of or joining a military force hostile towards the state is grounds for the citizenship to be revoked in many countries . 
  terrorism falls well within those bounds and it makes sense that a state does not want people who are actively working to damage the state as its citizens . 
  however , there are international agreements to prevent people from becoming stateless , so citizenship can only be revoked for dual citizens . 
  maybe the eu should pick some random genocide to deny as something of a unification initiative . 
  airspace used by commercial aviation is split in `` sectors '' . 
  the split is in horizontal direction as well as in vertical direction . 
  for example , in switzerland ( not related to this article , but that 's what i have knowledge of ) , the upper airspace is split into two geographical parts : east and west and each of those is split into 6 vertical layers . 
  lower airspace has a more complex structure , largely determined by airports and mountain ranges . 
  an air traffic controller ( or sometimes a pair working together ) is always responsible for a single sector and controls all flights in his sector . 
  when a flight crosses from one sector to another , the control of the flight is handed over from one controller to another . 
  since humans are limited , the fact that each sector has one controller means that there is an effective limit to how many flights can safely cross the sector in a given timeframe before the controller becomes overloaded . 
  the division of the airspace in sectors does n't really follow any rules , it is up to the air traffic control organization of a country to decide how its airspace is chopped up into smaller bits . 
  during quieter times , the atc organization can combine multiple sectors into one larger sector . 
  when an airline plans a flight , it will determine a route for the flight and submit that to eurocontrol . 
  while the airline mostly cares about the route , the air traffic control organizations think in sectors , because for their workload , sectors are the basic structure . 
  so when a flightplan is filed by an airline , it is analyzed to compute which sectors that flight will cross and at what time . 
  combining this information for all flights gives a short-term prediction of how busy each sector will be in the coming hours . 
  it 's not a route that is overloaded , it 's a sector . 
  if a sector is at risk of being overloaded , some of the traffic will either be kept on the ground or will change their route to avoid the overloaded sector . 
  often both cases happen . 
  there are , obviously , multiple routes between milan and madrid that are reasonably efficient . 
  ultimately , on relatively short trip , the increased distance of the alternative route wo n't play a big role in total travel time or total costs . 
  the departure/ascent and landng/descent play a major role and their time/cost do n't depend on the chosen route . 
  multiple possible reasons . 
  the most likely is overload on the normal route . 
  controlled airspace is divided into sectors and each sector has a maximum number of flights that can be in it . 
  this limit comes from the expected limit of what the air traffic controller responsible for the sector can be expected to handle safely . 
  it is also influenced by things like the complexity of the sector ( if all flights are along a single route and do n't descend or ascend , then it 's considerably easier to handle than sector with flights going all over the place ) . 
  if the expected traffic load on a sector exceeds its capacity , then the responsible atc organization will set a hard limit on the maximum number of flights allowed to enter in a certain time frame . 
  eurocontrol , the organization that coordinates atc on a european level , will then reschedule flights planned to pass through that sector that are still on the ground . 
  these flights are assigned a specific ground delay in such a way that the traffic flow through the overloaded sector stays below the limit . 
  since airline operators tend to not like that , they can opt to instead file a new flight plan that reroutes the flight to avoid the affected sector . 
  this voluntary rerouting can also be done before any hard limits are set to avoid the overload threat alltogether . 
  i do n't have the data at hand right now , but i imagine that the increased flight volume between milan and madrid may have caused some overload issues in sectors along the route . 
  another reason are costs . 
  flying through controlled airspace costs money , fees that have to be paid to the atc organization . 
  these fees ( route charges ) depend on the distance flown , the weight of the aircraft and a country-specific rate . 
  some countries are cheaper than others to fly over . 
  airlines take theses costs into account when planning a route , along with costs for fuel , staff , etc. . . 
  since different airlines have different cost-profiles , the result of the calculation wo n't be the same for all of them . 
  and often , the shortest route is not the cheapest , at which point the airline has to evaluate whether the longer turnaround time is worth the cost savings . 
  the cd . 
  created by philips ( though most of the design process was in collaboration with sony ) . 
  the size of the hole in the center of the disc is the size of the dutch 10 ( guilder - ) cent coin . 
   \u2022 the ikea bed assortment just hates you . 
  ikea used to have beds and related items with 220cm length . 
  bought one in 2008 . 
  but my bedframe broke when i moved and now they do n't anymore :( and to add to the problem , i now live in france where the staff in furniture stores looks at you funny for even suggesting the notion that beds might be longer than 200cm . 
  ended up buying a bed a dutch woonboulevard and having it transported to france . 
  and i 'm only 10cm above dutch average . 
  afaik there is no genetic screening done by default , but the height of kids is being monitored when they have their periodic checkup . 
  using standard growth curves , as well as the length of both parents , a prediction is made as to how tall the child is expected to become . 
  and in some cases , this warrants further testing and potential treatments . 
  my brother was expected to become at least 2m10 . 
  he was given hormone treatments to slow down his growth and ended up at about 2m . 
  still rather tall , but that 10cm reduction really makes a difference . 
  i ended up a relatively tiny 1m94 without any intervention ( though i make up for that in the other dimensions ) . 
  the allied forces that liberated the netherlands at the end of ww2 were largely canadian . 
  though there are very few left now , canadian veterans used to come back to the netherlands for liberation day and join official parades and other festivities . 
  inhabited by amsterdammers and invaded by tourists .
