and why should this be the case ? 
  why should we feel so divided from one another when our communities are so intertwined in a network of culture and commerce dating back to the first time we stepped into this cold land ? 
  oh , i 'm not saying we should isolate ourselves from one another , just that shared business and cultural influences have n't stopped us from slaughtering each other before . 
   no , it was simply t ** he land-owners , the bankers and the aristocrats of all sorts ** who had them toiling in factories while we starved in fields , and as we know , they are all gone now . 
   this is why a joint defence force is necessary , one tasked with upholding the wellbeing of each and every threat to our members with no exception , this is merely your wishful thinking . 
   whose goal is to protect the welfare of our own `` our own '' ? 
  `` our own-ness '' is only as strong as a few stacks of paper and current adequately stable political and economic situation within eu . 
  i do n't feel any more brotherhood with germans or italians than i do with vietnamese . 
  as a pole , i 'd much rather rely on americans than germans as far as my country 's safety goes . 
   `` we worked for years to create a place for him to live safely . 
  but that stopped when his benefits were stopped . 
  he tried so hard to survive , '' ms wood said . 
  how about , i do n't know , your house ? 
  when you 're too mentally crippled to sweep the sidewalk , you should n't be living on your own . 
  but sure , it 's the lack of taxpayer 's free money that starved him to death , not being a batshit insane anorexic neglected by his family . 
  dude , i 'll take being an ambassador in burkina faso over 95 % of jobs that people have . 
  we did . 
  was n't it french police that 's infamous for their brutality ? 
   because of the centrality of foreign investment to poland 's economy ( most of its major banks and enterprises are foreign-owned ) , its reliance on foreign trade , and the fact that so many poles work outside the country , political economists often characterize poland as a `` dependent market economy . '' this dependence creates a fundamental dilemma : to attract foreign business and maintain its competitiveness , poland must keep down its wages , which today stand at about one-third of those in the more developed countries of the eu . 
  but polish workers live adjacent to the rest of europe , traveling and working there in great numbers , and thus aspire to a higher standard of living . 
  this fact will make it difficult for poland to maintain the advantages that come with cheap labor . 
  tl ; dr : poland has plenty of niggers you can exploit for profit and tell them that their economy is growing . 
  i guess if you want to pay taxes ... 
  get a seasonal job there and you can see some of the coutry and still bring money back . 
   i found that otherwise very lovely people could be rather xenophobic and homophobic . 
  is this something you feel might change in the near future ? 
  absolutely , in terms of social climate poland is a lot like western europe a decade or two ago and we will see it rapidly `` catch up '' , i have no doubt about it . 
  maybe not to the level of sweden or netherlands , but it will definitely go in that direction . 
  you 're not wrong about many poles having shitty attitudes towards germans , but it 's not quite the same . 
  see the thing is that it 's not about sympathy or lack thereof , there are cold , unpleasant people all around the world , it 's about this conviction of inherent superiority . 
  to experience hate would be a nobilitation , it 's more of mild contempt with a side of quiet mockery . 
  germany . 
  i 've never felt as inferior , belittled and out of place , as if people around me knew they 're better than me somehow , like i did whenever i revealed that i was polish in germany , not even in paris , not by a long shot , it was like a fucking switch , the moment i answered where i 'm from or spoke polish , their attitude changed , that 's why it was so obvious to me . 
  they want to seem open and welcoming , but it is evident that very many germans do n't regard slavs as their equals . 
  it may seem unfair , paranoid or even slanderous of me , but i felt it on my own skin and there 's no wall of text that can erase that . 
  because we 're all intellectual and multilingual up in this bitch , yo . 
   there are plenty of unionists who still refer to themselves as irish . 
  i do n't get it . 
  how are they not traitors ? 
  how do they live with themseles ? 
  for me it was miko\u0142aj ( santa ) on 6th and anio\u0142ek ( angel ) on christmas eve . 
  i can substitute dozens if not hundreds of different verbs with `` fuck '' and make myself clear each time thanks to pre - and suffixes as well as context . 
  translates to : adam ratted me out to the boss that it was me who broke the printer , while he himself is constantly slacking and leaving work . 
  one day i will punch him and i do n't care if they fire me . 
  using no other verbs than `` fuck '' . 
  and that 's just one word and its verbs ( there are nouns , adjectives , adverbs ) . 
  polish swear words are infinitely flexible . 
  hear , hear . 
  morality aside , this seems moronic from the political point of view . 
  `` hey , let 's show the world that we 're the bad guys , that will surely help our cause . 
  everybody knows that beating protesters makes the public settle down . '', 
  what the fuck ? 
  unless it was a case of gross insubordination , in which case i would expect those cops to be publicly fried . 
  quite a few , actually . 
  whenever i see a photo of a group of them , there 's often some white kid somewhere in there . 
  krak\u00f3w before venice , barcelona and paris xdddd bretty gud, 
   the damage we caused and still cause in the third world . 
  i have n't caused shit , do n't shovel 3rd world peasants into my backyard . 
  wait , ukraine is poorer than belarus ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  make shoveling snow illegal then spread a rumor that australians are buying it up for christmas , you 'll have gypsies clean it up in no time . 
  jesus christ , why ca n't that old drunk fool just shut up and let people remember him as the icon that he was made into , instead of the dim-witted electrican he is . 
  `` this is completely unacceptable and i can not understand the purpose of it , '' well , i can . 
  perhaps i should be the national police commissioner instead of that guy . 
  i ca n't say i love that fact with all 170 cm of my being . 
  bastards . 
  i hope this does n't affect the prices and quality in my town . 
  yeah , the one from op was n't particularly creative . 
  sorry , i ca n't listen to germans singing and keep a straight face . 
  then go there and give them all you have , what are you waiting for ? 
  set an example . 
  i understand that . 
  you know , it 's just that when all the fairytales and lies you 're being told overwhelm you and you see how different the world is from what you 're being told ( i 'm not talking about iluminati and chem trails , just the omnipresent greed and corruption ) you just feel like throwing bricks and screaming `` fuck you !, 
  '' , because how can people hear you if they ca n't see what you 're talking about lying before their very eyes ? 
  you 're feeling me , brah ? 
  if you want a politician to represent your interests , you 've got to pay them first , dummies . 
  i always knew that monaco is full of backwards proles . 
  dear god , it 's beautiful . 
  \\* * sobs * \\*, 
  yup , polish nerds do n't fuck around . 
  meh , that 's just a `` who has the most excess money '' chart . 
  any nation that has n't lived trough communism does n't know shit about innovation on the individual level . 
  i know which one will be the first to have a guy smash the screen by drunkenly walking into it or attempting to fight the people on the other side . 
  poland in polish is `` polska '' which means the land of polanie and polanie were a tribe which 's name means `` people of the fields '' . 
   hygiene is used as a justification for both mgm and fgm well , it 's a blatant lie about the latter then . 
   it seems like a logical claim to make yet circumcised women would disagree and in fact , i ca n't think of any self-reported study done among women in places where fgm is normalised that has corroborated this claim . 
  i figured that one out from the well-known statistic that most women are only able to reach clitoral orgasm . 
  look , you 're clearly more informed about the subject than me , so i ca n't continue to try to argue for my claims against yours . 
  i may not know how exactly fgm compares to mgm , but i stand by the statement that the former ( regardless of the latter ) is barbaric . 
  and i did n't say it 's objectively deserving of capital punishment , that was just my violent fantasy ( though i consider myself capable of carrying it out . ), 
   what motives ? 
  the reason for circumcision is mostly hygenic , fgm purposefully deprives women of sexual pleasure . 
   what difference are these ? 
  the fact that one still lets you orgasm , the other not so much ? 
  and do n't make it seem like i 'm defending circumcision just because i would n't shoot someone in the head . 
  it 's not exactly the same , alright ? 
  it may be theoretically the same crime , but only a fool would deny the massive difference in its severity and the fact that the motives for fgm are much more vile . 
  still , a good beating would be in order . 
  huh . 
  i guess i did n't .
