  krak\u00f3w and nearby places of interest ( wieliczka , auschwitz , maybe zakopane ) it 's obviously not the only place worth seeing , but if you 're on an extensive trip around europe , i 'm not gon na bulslhit you that you absolutely have to see that castle , this town or those mountains . 
  krak\u00f3w is an unique experience though . 
  ok , maybe `` sucks ass '' was an overstatement , i certainly do often order and enjoy this thicker , greasier and generally less subtle type of pizza , because it 's decent fast food , but it 's worlds apart from italian pizza . 
  there 's just no comparison , really . 
  because most pizza here sucks ass and ketchup is probably what 's underneath the cheese anyway . 
  because they 're financing debt with debt until the papers check out . 
  there just is n't enough healthy capital to fix this mess . 
  i took interest in the state of european finance at the zenith of the euro crisis and i do n't believe that the numbers and facts i 've witnessed can be swept under the rug . 
  nothing has changed since the talks of eurozone breakup , there is no solution , the austeristy measures are a joke and everything else is just shoveling debt from one place to another . 
  just because it does n't make the headlines , does n't mean we wo n't experience deterioration of the living conditions for years to come at best and a long-delayed financial armageddon at worst . 
  nice infographic . 
  if one is gullible enough , it can almost seem like those fuckwits know what they 're doing . 
  unfortunately , drawing red lines on charts and calling them your target wo n't cure a terminally ill financial system . 
  j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudzki does n't belong in that company . 
   do you seriously think islam looks kindly to the slaughter of thousands of people ? 
  yes . 
  a tour guide living in tunisia told me that the locals were cheering for al-qaeda after 9/11 and she did n't seem to have any agenda or a reason to lie . 
  ugh , that watermark . 
  nobody explained to me yet why i should be rooting for the rebels . 
  come on , cia , your propaganda department is slacking . 
  with your money and our experience with invasions , nothing can stop us . 
  mixed up monaco and andorra . 
  i can live with that . 
  whenever i hear about [ these swedish antics ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-17749533 ) , it makes me think that sweden is like a country equivalent of this progressive social justice activist who just does n't get it . 
  i blame the recovering alcoholics . 
  ok , that 's obviously not reasonable now , but what do you do with a sizeable minority from a country you go to war with ? 
  what 's the protocol ? 
  no halal for you . 
  maybe we 'll finally see some decently-priced beef at our supermarkets , eh ? 
  if by `` good '' you mean `` full of douchebags , gold diggers and serving massively overpriced drinks '' , then that 's the best way indeed . 
  the way it works in krak\u00f3w is that there are many various places specializing in different kinds of music and thus attracting different clients and while they 're often crowded , only one or two clubs where people go to show off actually have lines . 
  also you can find a party on every day of the week , so the people are more `` evenly distributed '' . 
  on the other hand there are many places i do n't go to and the ones i like are often too crowded on the weekend , so maybe you 're right and the only reason for no lines is that there is a fuckload of places to party in this city . 
  ( literally every other door in the old town is a booze-serving establishment ) still the clubbing experience in krak\u00f3w is superior to any other city i 've ever been to . 
  some mediterranean resorts could compete in terms of density and accessibility , but i prefer trance and breakbeat over summer pop hits . 
  i like those two countries ; i 'm still embarassed for my goverment about that kosovo blunder . 
  this means nothing . 
  literally all this piece of news says is that some beaurocrat is pleased with himself , that 's all . 
  it 's hard not to feel like a fucking serf when the powers that be throw shit like this in our face to make us pat ourselves on the back for being `` informed '' . 
  it 's a fucking joke . 
  long-ass lines to get into a club in big european cities , what 's the bloody deal with that ? 
  do you have an electronic music shortage or are you rationing overpriced vodka ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that shit would n't fly in krak\u00f3w . 
  loyalist northern irish are traitors in my eyes . 
  sorry , ca n't help you ... 
  do some research online ( [ here ] ( http://where2b.org/city/krakow ) for example ) before you go out clubbing . 
  the rule of thumb is do n't go to places that hand out fliers . 
  if you 're not the dancing type , kazimierz ( the jewish district ) is your place : lots of pubs , cafes etc. 
  other than that , get your souvenirs at cloth halls and your polish cuisine at ch\u0142opskie jad\u0142o on grodzka street or wierzynek on the main square nearby depending on your budget ( the latter being pricier ) . 
  most importantly , have fun . 
  i mean there are better looking and more comfortable cities in poland , but if you want to see something there or have some other business , by all means do go . 
  it 's not like detroit-avoid . 
  never been there , but from what i 've heard it seems like it 's among the few of the best cities to live in in poland . 
  the old town looks very nice too . 
  poland has hipster cred these days . 
  it 's `` eastern europe '' , but the police wo n't mug you . 
  if you decide to go i strongly recommend krak\u00f3w - history all up in this bitch and i would n't trade it for berlin and paris put together in terms of nightlife . 
  seriously , there are many different opinions and arguments i strongly disagree with , but the difference between , for instance , christians , neo-conservatives or communists and islam apologists is that while i can accuse the former of bad logic , misplaced priorities , naivety etc. , i generally do n't consider them to be cynical liars which is the case with the latter . 
  the audacity they have to tell you that there is some elusive vast majority of muslims who are willing to peacefully coexist with us degenerate europeans , explicit commandments of their prophet be damned , and tolerate our abhorrent ways not because they 're still outnumbered or at least outgunned but because they 're cool like that , despite massive evidence pointing to the contrary , is astonishing . 
  the efficency with which they equaled a noble pursuit of combating a hostile , hateful ideology to the shameful act of judging people by their skin color in the consciousness of the so called `` enlightened masses '' is fucking terrifying . 
  it 's gotten to a point where many people will read a statment saying `` perhaps i should n't tolerate a socio-eco-judical system that hates me just because it 's also a religion '' as `` i hate brown people '' . 
  it 's fucking insane . 
  just to make it clear : being an ally to american imperialism is , in theory at least , beneficial to poland 's foreign interests . 
  in 2004 americans could elect fred phelps and go to war with switzerland and we would gladly join them if it meant we get a bigger stick to shake at russia . 
  it 's not just my witty observation , most poles are aware of that on some level of consciousness . 
  what the poll shows is that if anything polish people find it difficult to forget about their country 's interests and imagine they 're american instead , not that they think bush was an awesome guy . 
  just because i like to keep track of what 's going on in soviet union 2 : electric boogaloo , does n't mean i approve of it . 
  oh yeah , right . 
  my only excuse is that i 'm drunk . 
  what the fuck denmark ? 
  yeah , we 're guilty of that . 
  i think it 's strongly related to the whole `` our language is so hard and so awesome '' thing . 
  dupa is pretty playful and more `` too casual '' than offensive . 
  still , a well timed and accompanied dupa can pack a punch . 
  `` chuj '' ( dick ) , `` jeba\u0107 '' ( to fuck ) , pierdoli\u0107 ( again , to fuck , equally harsh ) , and of course `` kurwa '' ( whore ) are the four basic , strongest ones . 
  think of them as building blocks to form elaborate constructs . 
  you can substitute every basic verb in polish with `` fuck '' using proper pre - and suffixes and context , so you can imagine the possibilities . 
  you barely need other words . 
  examples : spierdoli\u0107 : to break sth , to get away wpierdoli\u0107 : to eat sth , to beat sb up , to put sth in another thing napierdoli\u0107 : to get wasted , to put a lot of things on sth upierdoli\u0107 : to get dirty , to get stoned , to break sth off popierdoli\u0107 : to ignore , dismiss sth ; popierdala\u0107 : to walk zapierdoli\u0107 : to fail sth , to steal sth ; zapierdala\u0107 : to move fast przypierdoli\u0107 : to punch sb , to issue sth unwanted ; przypierdala\u0107 : to bother sb odpierdoli\u0107 : to do sth stupid or lousy , to ... look , i could go on forever . 
  i do n't know what politics were happening behind the curtains or other nuances of the phenomenon , but it seemed to me like during the orange revolution there was a genuine will of the ukrainian people to become a modern , civilized society . 
  i guess they 're content with the image of a country where bears teach people manners after all . 
  good . 
  it takes a special kind of hero to keep fighting after all has been lost , they deserve to be remembered . 
  why would i ever want to be right then , silly american ? 
  political matters aside , in my life i 've dealt both with people who identified themselves as `` nationalist '' as well as `` antifascist '' and i have to say that i 'd pick the company of the former every time . 
  skinheads are mostly thick , insecure and frustrated brutes , but the antifa crowd are just slimy fucking bums . 
  they are the sort of people who can have a pleasant chat with you and after 15 minutes ask you for some money then throw insults at you when you decline . 
  i 'm not pulling this out of my ass , i 've ran into some severely disturbed people and downright pathetic junkies and fuck-ups who took pride in `` fighting fascism '' whatever that meant in their case . 
  i 'd rather get kicked in the balls than spend an hour at one of their squats , so excuse me for not cheering for them . 
  what ? 
  no more nights out with spanish girls ? 
  noooooooo !, 
  how about no . 
  seriously ? 
  20 % for the communists ? 
  lay off the beer you silly pepiks . 
  well , it may have been a hyperbole , but it 's not like i ever run into some ethnic communities which share and propagate fundamentally different values than the majority . 
  for all intents and purposes poland has a mono-cultural society . 
  so we 'll have more belorussians who assimilate within years or maybe vietnamese who did n't plan to establish sharia law last time i checked either .
