  that does n't change my mind though . 
  if i someone brought me a man who performs that procedure and handed me a gun , i 'd shoot him like one kills a fat pig before a rural celebration , without batting an eye . 
  i would n't care that he has a family that loves him or that he believed what he was doing was good , i 'd still pull the trigger without flinching . 
  i know i sound like an internet tough guy , but i genuinely believe that i have it in me . 
  that 's like asking what 's the best french wine . 
  what i had in mind was the fact that your 20 year olds seem to behave like our teenagers in pubs and clubs and speak relatively shitty english , not their academic prowess . 
  i agree that very many majors in this country are indeed a joke . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  so you 're telling me the spanish and portugese we get here from erasmus are among the best and brightest of their peers ? 
  lol . 
  i liked [ this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1590024/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) one . 
  you know your people are worth a shit if they can form a decent crime syndicate abroad . 
  when i 'll see greeks buying new cars , i 'll maybe think about voting `` yes '' to the euro . 
  come to krak\u00f3w , it just has that something , you know . 
  it was a different one . 
  the one you saw was under construction in warsaw . 
  this one has been like that for years in krak\u00f3w . 
  it 's been standing like that since i can remember . 
  you know , it 's essentially just a giant billboard these days so i do n't mind it all that much , rebuilding historic blocks in that bullshit contemporary architecural style in the old town is a bigger problem in my opinion . 
  ( i 'm talking about krak\u00f3w here ) . 
  well , we have an arctic station and , contrary to the popular belief , been to space , so ... 
  i 'd say north korea , but there 's probably some polish dude there who , in a drunken stupor , decided to stay after a students ' exchange between communits countries . 
  expect us . 
  i do n't deny that there has been too much debt accumulated over the past decades , but you 're making it sound like people over certain age are now somehow opressing the younger ones by consuming things , like they were eating your candy or something . 
  it 's goverments and banks who have the power to place the burden of debt on your back , individual households still have to pay back what they borrowed . 
  implying that ordinary old folks are actively exploiting us is ridiculous . 
  i mean your first comment . 
  ok , i 'm chill . 
  now can you elaborate on what you mean by that revolutionary slogan ? 
  or is it just something that sounded good to you ? 
  what the fuck are you babbling about ? 
  what did my parents consume that someone had to be sacrificed for ? 
  you sound like that bolshevik who 's too stupidly eager for nkvd to stomach . 
  my nights in krak\u00f3w can get bohemian as balls , but i do n't think that 's what you 're looking for . 
  no shit , haha . 
  i do n't know if that makes reddit big or small . 
  i 'm not from ko\u0144ske , my father 's side of family is , most of them live on po\u0142udniowa . 
  no [ ko\u0144skie , poland ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-xzqqr8rk_wq/t_xrt6gnbfi/aaaaaaaamgg/asglyu8k34s/s640/kapel-dom.jpg ) ? 
  it 's all politics , man ... :(, 
  sort of . 
  i hate the thugs and bullies and i have the scars to prove it , but sometimes they 're a good regulator of what shit should fly here . 
  my god , these patrols would end very quickly here . 
  there 's this video where some intellectual-looking kid was standing near a bus stop with a sign saying `` ask me why i 'm leaving poland '' , it took literally a minute for some working-class young man to run by and knock him the fuck out . 
  made me laugh , cookie for whoever finds that . 
  so yeah , we take our nation seriously . 
   so the west is the victim here ? 
  all we have ever wanted is just be friends , right ? 
  why would i care about who started it ? 
  and if anything it were the muslims conquering iberia . 
   furthermore , do you genuinely believe that the people coming to europe , hoping to build a new life here , are hostile to the western civilization ? 
  those who put integrating above their religion , are n't . 
  you 're probably of the opinion that they 're in the vast majority , i 'm skeptical . 
   if they were , they would n't have come in the first place . 
  that 's a flawed argument and you know it . 
  i do n't need to like the host to crash a party if there 's free booze , especially if a few of my friends are already there . 
   do you have islamist parties ? 
  not yet , founding them now would be cheeky and revealing their hand , but i 'm sure that 's a matter of time . 
   muslim immigrants ( or their children , rather ) who have the intelligence to study and go into politics wo n't be muslim extremists . 
  osama bin laden was an educated man , but let 's hope you 're right . 
   this issue has faded away . 
  has it ? 
  are you sure it 's them who took a step back ? 
   these days , the immigrants from your country and the distrust towards them form a bigger problem . 
  sorry about that . 
  unfortunately the polish ingenuity finds its application regardless of the morality and legality of the act , so chain your bike carefully . 
   well , i would n't be happy indeed with islamic minorities in europe becoming majorities . 
  but that 's the same reason i would n't want christians to become a majority again either , as they still are in your country now you 're comparing spears to needles , christianity in poland is a fat , old , toothless pig , islam in europe is a young tiger . 
   i 'm just saying that by preaching ( `` preaching '' , because let 's be honest ; when was the last time you had an islamic man on your doorstep , wanting to talk with you about allah ? ), 
  these people are n't hurting anyone , so why the big fuss ? 
  what are they doing wrong by building more mosques ? 
  they 're not preaching to you , they 're preaching against you , that 's what makes it so much worse . 
  islam is inherently hostile to the western civilization and one has to be deluded not to see it . 
  i 'll say this again : we 're going to see some real shit in europe once islamist political parties start gaining siginficant power , which is inevitable at this pace , and you wo n't even hear me saying `` i told you so '' . 
  of course , there is a huge difference in severity of the problem here and there , but it essentially is the same problem : muslims imposing their primitive , cruel law on other people . 
  i find it bizzare that if they succeed , we send people with guns , yet let them preach here as they do there without repercussions . 
  no one is screening immigrants whether they are extremists or not . 
  i bet one of those rebels in mali could have put down his rifle a month before the intervention and walk the streets of paris by now . 
  does that make sense to you ? 
   are n't the same people as the bearded lunatics who blow up schools . 
  like they have n't blown up anything in europe before . 
  i do n't get it , we fight islam on their land and it 's called war on terrorism , but when i speak against it taking root here , it 's racism and hate speech . 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills . 
  wow , i did n't know it 's that bad in poland , but i guess that with entry-level monthly salaries being the equivalent of a decent coat , it 's hard to expect anything else . 
  i , for one , strongly oppose euthanasia being performed by doctors . 
  it goes against the very essence of the hippocratic oath and widens the window for potential exploits . 
  there should never be any doubt whether the doctor is there to heal or kill , let a specifically trained technician do it . 
  there is a vast chasm between some of those separatist groups in terms of seriousness . 
  montenegro , hands down . 
  beautiful , cheap , made me feel at home and the women ... my god the women . 
  get on the last car of a subway train that has no capable fighters in it and you can kill more people with a brick . 
  this will sound heartless , but a single incident causing three deaths is just not statistically relevant enough to even warrant a debate on gun ownership . 
  i 'm pretty sure more people in switzerland die from choking on pretzles than from gun violence , yet you do n't see moral outrages caused by snacks . 
  the cries for gun control are bullshit , paranoid sensationalism at its finest . 
  i 'm a son of a polish doctor and i 'm taking like a dozen bottles of booze to the new year 's eve party tomorrow , all of which are gifts from his patients , haha . 
  it 's better to not have a point than call people pieces of shit on a whim , you fucking asshole . 
  you 're so fucking dull it hurts . 
  i 'm mocking the hands-on approach to aiding africa , i do n't actually believe the sentiment it promotes . 
  if there 's one thing i 've learned from all these charity initiatives , it 's that africans are fucking useless and ca n't do anything themselves . 
  i do n't know if that 's what they were going for , but it certainly is my impression . 
  poland : 1 .
