  like you said it would be a very different kind of immigration . 
  in a country that 's 99 % culturally monolithic , where else ? 
  too little too late and the false dichotomy between extremists and moderate muslims is going to be their doom . 
  every demographic shift this major and rapid will result in tensions and clashes and the nature of islam is only adding fuel to the fire . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , but i think the moment we 'll see all-muslim political parties as serious players in european politics , we can expect social unrest that will put ira 's and raf 's actions combined to shame . 
  all this because some leftist idiots decided that having a tight immigration policy is somehow hateful . 
  call me a paranoid racist , but the history is on my side and when shit hits the fan it wo n't be me who 'll be ears-deep in it . 
  am i the only one noticing that ever since western media learned what salafism is they use it as an umbrella term to talk about all islam without appearing `` islamophobic '' i.e. 
  `` it 's those guys who are crazy and hateful , the rest are totally cool , seriously . '' ? 
  the truth is that you do n't have to belong to a particular section of a religion to be a fundamentalist whackjob and i 've heard horror stories about european women marrying muslim men from anywhere , be it turkey , morocco or oman . 
  if you interact with a group of people , you 're going to occasionally refer to them one way or another ( and that 's largely up to them ) , being threatened with violence for merely doing so is not fine and dandy . 
  also discussing gypsies with a canadian srs poster feels like talking about gas prices with a saudi prince . 
  yes , because getting stabbed for talking about someone or something is an outcome that every responsible person should embrace . 
  seriously , piss off . 
  it 's been a while since i donned boots and shaved my head with a razor , but shit like this makes me go all dr strangelove . 
  +5 % for golden dawn, 
  this is as baffling as it is embarrassing . 
  he 'd support lady gaga if it put him on tv . 
  the man is a symbol , but right now he 's just a borderline-demented , old electrician with nothing relevant to say and likely some skeletons in the closet . 
  he was never a sage to begin with , but now there 's even less reasons to listen to him . 
   lech walesa 's solidarity movement i understand simplification , but this is too much . 
  fuck islamic rights . 
  there 's no freedom for the enemies of freedom . 
  holy shit dude , yes religion is bad , i 'm an atheist too , flying teapot , spaghetti monster , dae carl sagan , fuck . 
  i 'm talking practicality here : islam belongs in europe much less than christianity , we do n't have to burn our churches before we start criticizing it . 
  it is , but you have to be willfully ignorant not to see that , lets say , a devout catholic living in a traditionally catholic country is not remotely as problematic as a devout muslim living next door ( and the other way round , of course ) . 
  it 's funny how people universally agree that the lousiest muslims make the best citizens yet refuse to acknowledge that islam is an inherently harmful phenomenon . 
  exactly . 
  we do n't even know how the question was phrased and if it was the same question as the last time . 
  and if you 're asking who needs that much potatoes , then you would n't fit in in poland anyway . 
  just the burger . 
  the drivers at airports are notorious for their prices . 
  it 's not technically a scam , but it feels like one . 
  12 domestic beers in a pub , 8 in a club , 24 in a shop 11 big macs 7 packs of cigarettes 5 movie tickets 46,6 km in a taxi 2 main dishes at a decent restaurant 33 full-price bus/tram tickets 2 1l bottles of vodka 8 kg of cheap sausage not as good as the czech guy at the top , but still pretty nice for a tourist city . 
   while the government likes to portray the soviets as occupiers that stole our freedom , resources etc , i have quit a different feeling towards soviet union . 
  just because your current government sucks , does n't mean ussr was any good . 
  it was n't supposed to be an argument . 
  the guy made a collective judgment about a whole lot of people of which he met a few , it 's not like i have to disprove something now . 
  i do n't experience much `` aggressiveness in krakow '' , but i can produce some for you if you visit again . 
  i obviously ca n't blame a single 2 minute video for this phenomenon , but i swear to god that poland ( and the whole eastern bloc ) is never featured in this kind of stuff . 
  i know that overpriced tourist traps of western europe generate the most revenue , but it would be nice if every now and then someone acknowledged that europe has more than one half . 
   you can look at us and germany and see that despite us being almost free for all in hiring/firing their unemployment is higher then germany . 
  apples to oranges . 
   on the other hand countries under troika intervention that were/are forced to liberalize their employment laws saw a huge increase in unemployment countries going down the drain saw a huge increase in unemployment ? 
  no shit !, 
  liberal employment laws will always facilitate employment , it 's common sense at its purest . 
   emphasis on social-political cohesion and cooperation within europe http://imgur.com/j87pg god , i hate this sub . 
  jesus romania , get your shit together . 
  i 've heard that we do in terms of workforce . 
  a lot of people are getting their it degrees and there 's plenty of talent to go around . 
  i would n't bet my arm on the infrastructure behind all this though , yet . 
  nobody knows . 
  the estimations of the size of the reserves vary from `` eternal prosperity '' to `` not worth drilling '' . 
  time will tell . 
  it depends on how the crisis will develop . 
  i already feel like poland is a better bet to plan your future in than spain or italy and france might soon follow . 
  you can be the most responsible man on the planet and still get upset and call someone an asshole . 
  proportional fines have their place in law , but this is just preposterous . 
  on what fucking planet is this justifiable ? 
  rich people do n't use money only to light up cigars you know , i bet that many of those proportional fines have costed people ( employed by the fined ) their jobs and a lot of potential investment was lost . 
  my parents are n't poor either , but hitting them with a fine as high as their monthly income would mean that a large group of people who depend on the cash flow from them ( workers finishing our house ) would be screwed over . 
  this is fucking stupid no matter how you look at it . 
  as for poland the vast majority of population speaks `` tv polish '' with minimal regional variations with the exceptions including silesians , kashubians and some small groups of other ethnic minorities . 
  also people from rural areas might use a somewhat `` corrupted '' form of polish . 
  still , almost all members of those groups are perfectly capable of speaking `` proper '' polish thanks to public education . 
  i fucking knew it was fishy as soon as i saw huge-ass billboards all over my city saying `` invest in gold ! '' . 
  i thought `` if gold is such a good investment then surely the margin for buying physical will be a small fraction of the profit i 'll make by buying coins and i wo n't have to pay anyone their cut '' . 
  smelled like a scam from a mile away . 
  that investigation marks the end of poland bending over for the usa in hopes of them finally fulfilling their promises or sending us some junk they do n't bother to repair anymore . 
  alliances with the powerful have never done this country any good and this is no exception . 
   peeters has denied charges of racism as the film shows mainly jeers by men of immigrant north african origin . 
  people who think that this is the fault of magazine covers and whatnot are utterly delusional . 
  if you import men who have been taught that women who do n't wear a hijab are whores and not much else besides that to your country en masse , then that 's what you 're gon na get ; it 's not rocket science for fuck 's sake . 
  damn , i 'd love to follow that woman around with some spiky brass knuckles and send those savages flying to where they came from . 
  so far so good . 
  i 'd be willing to pull off a stunt no less dangerous if that woman was sitting beside me . 
  yes . 
  you do n't see groups of young men standing around , doing fuck-all on monday noon in poland . 
  you do n't see people slacking for half a day because `` it 's too hot '' . 
  you do n't see people sitting in caf\u00e9s for hours as if they had too much time and money . 
  stereotyping my ass . 
  i 've been to those countries ( spain , greece , italy ) and i barely saw anyone working , especially in spain . 
  those fuckers sleep all day and drink all night , it 's hard to find an open shop during the whole damn day . 
   i do n't see that changing anytime soon . 
  i admire your optimism . 
  give me a boat , rubber boots , a raincoat and a bottle of wine and i 'll be happier than a pig in shit . 
  well shit , i guess we 'll have to march again . 
  [ civilized and progressive ] ( http://www.torun.webd.pl/kopernik/kopernikd.jpg ), 
  this actually sounds enticing as hell . 
  i sure will . 
  i 'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
  i remember posting links to a few articles like [ this one ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/0326/rzeszutkol.html ) some time ago , but digging trough your own comments on reddit takes forever . 
  i 'm not saying it 's totally harmless ( especially the nazi implications ) and i understand that you can be upset , but you do n't hear about many german immigrants being stabbed or beaten to death in the uk . 
  well yeah . 
  probably the irish and french too , but it 's a bit different . 
  those nations are in a position where stereotyping ca n't really harm them . 
  hearing that you 're comically uptight and strict while watching a tv show on a big plasma screen you can afford is not like hearing that you 're uncultured and stupid while working a menial job in a foreign country to pay for your degree . 
   is there a counter that eastern europeans use for those in the western countries of europe ? 
  i ca n't really think of many negative preconceptions of western europeans here other than the nasty , but pan-european if not global trend to depict bossy germans as nazis . 
  it 's not like someone from the netherlands or italy would be looked down upon in poland , unless you count people who dislike all outsiders including those from the neighboring village ( again a global thing ) .
