  found a vid of them online, 
  no , that quest is called `` fist of crota '', 
  and according to this guide , that 's just his story missions . 
  none of which are called `` urn of sacrifice '', 
  edit : it seems you get the urn bounty after beating all 3 missions , not when you first walk into the tower . 
  thanks dude, 
  right . 
  at first when they pre-dlc patched it it was a standout gun . 
  now that we see ` regular ' exotics go to 331 , it would only seem logical that xur eventually offer an upgrade to it that brings it even higher . 
  if they do n't then that would just be backwards . 
  show them the true meaning of obesity, 
  that 's not a story , that 's msc , randomly organized background info, 
  and not near , it 's like midpoint between mariupol and novoazovsk , and north . 
  raid 's only been out a few days , 1 raid per week per 30 , how experienced do you think people are going to be ? 
  you were probably one of those people that bitched it was too hard to do the vog hm as a 29, 
  life 's rough, 
  i have 72 , going for 3 engrams tonight when i get home , wish me luck at the slots, 
  hoping for third man ( good stat roll ) , obsidian , skullfort, 
  noap . 
  aetheon is my bitch . 
  paid beta ... 
  theres an lmg that has a perk to drop more ammo , can confirm , had no increase at all ( with that , not ruin wings ), 
  do you have a perk to carry more special ammo or something ? 
  i got like 4 prs , it was becoming a bit stalkery , so maybe this means i 'll get bh on tuesday at the latest, 
   i think they split it up into two dlcs nearer to each other because they realized people would get bored quick with how little content they dished out . 
  the content was so little ** because ** they cut everything out for those dlcs, 
   every mmo ever . 
  getting sick of this argument . 
  in a game where your gear ` level ' indicates your own experience level , allowing anyone to just buy the same level gear from the corner store so soon after the previous cap is just stupid and done nowhere else on such a level . 
  then introduce level 29 gear so people could get to 30 , not 33 gear so people could get to 31 in a couple days after everyone else spent months to get to 30 ( if they even got there ), 
  thank you !, 
  which makes bungie 's move here 10x worse and gamebreaking, 
  yes , in this thread , someone did it with a hezens v, 
  oh , you think darkness is your ally . 
  this . 
  this happened in a run i was doing , we were trying to kill the ogres and then the totems started going off . 
  i stopped them the first time but then they came up again and killed us . 
  i told this to someone else and they wouldnt believe me , just kept saying i was an idiot and must 've been standing on the plate . 
  he do n't roll on shabbos, 
  i agree , if only because i wanted to complete that eris quest to get the gauntlets and now he 's gone . 
  like others have said , why does he leave on sunday when thats when most gamers have the day off to play destiny, 
  bungie should change its company name to `` bait and switch '', 
  this is what makes me so disappointed with the current system they are embarking on . 
  they need to make the raid gear mean something . 
  weapons i dont care but , new ones will come , but the gear is our level and that is achieved through playing this . 
  we go through hell , lows , and highs to finally get to it - and they make it worthless . 
  the raids , the grind and quest to finally get on top is amazing . 
  they should keep us wanting to climb higher , not bump us down . 
  i realize i got off topic from op here , but reading his post made me think back to my time in the vog and my time playing tonight . 
  it means something to me when i 'm playing it , and what we get to remember that ` meaning ' and ` feeling ' should remind us of that . 
  i dont know why you 're being downvoted . 
  it took us a while to finally get it done tonight because of wipes , but the mechanics of the fight are very simple . 
  this is n't aetheon . 
  first try we got him down to 25 % health and that was with half the fireteam never doing it before . 
  take me with you, 
  so , basically , * nightmare on elm street *, 
  remove the word ` mouth ' from ` hellmouth ', 
  that 's where we go, 
  we 're in hell ~ ~ mouth ~ ~, 
  i 'll never understand why they made they ` upgraded ' the vex to be the least powerful exotic in the game, 
  they gave us story , did n't you read the grimoire cards on some site and read the quotes that were written down on quest descriptions but not narrated by bungie 's voice actor ? 
  same boat , nothing but blue balls . 
  i used to get stuff , but since the updated it to make it harder to level , i 've gotten absolutely nothing . 
  not even motes of friggin light !, 
  people actually buy these things ? 
  totally agree, 
  personally , id be more okay with them rehashing things if they did a lot of it , and we got 2-3x the ` content ' from the expansion than what we actually got . 
  but if you 're going to rehash things ... put in a little effort and change the mechanics a little so it feels new, 
  those green circles the wizards threw down during the eris quests were probably the only new mechanic , and it was good , but it didnt make it into the strike . 
  well yeah , total rip off right down to the single eye, 
  but the geth were more interesting , vex dont seem to be very bright, 
  cool story bro, 
  yep . 
  even in the way the vex move . 
  the geth are somewhat like the exo , in that they are super advanced mechanically . 
  the vex on the other hand are more like t800s , slow moving and just shooting everything ( or it seems most of the time , dormant ), 
  wait . 
  spending 20,000 glimmer on a gun is just silly . 
  funny how they ` fixed ' the last raid because they wanted it more random and didnt like how people had dedicated roles , and now this raid is entirely about people having dedicated roles, 
  impact is the same as the voc, 
  new psn account , not a new bungie.net account, 
  link the new psn account to your old bungie.net account, 
  grimoire score is meaningless and arbitrary . 
  it has more to do with how varied you are at killing different types of enemies and doing different things , not just net xp . 
   though serious ghost hunters will have higher score than some experienced players, 
  exactly the problem . 
  thanks for this tip !, 
  no , because there are caps and not all enemies or activities are treated equally . 
  the game has a specific system for xp in place . 
  this brings up another question , why show the light level in crucible if it doesnt matter ? 
  my grimoire is 2165, 
  wouldnt this handle it ? 
  nobody said the gatekeeper needed to drop loot from the voc, 
  it pisses me off more than anything . 
  the entire `` equip the item to upgrade it '' system is sloppy as hell to begin with , could have easily had a pop up / prompt asking which one to use if the issue is duplicates, 
  yup , got a sga bounty from her, 
  the entire game is a beta, 
  paid beta / early access model, 
  we pay , game is full of bugs , lacking much of its ` final ' content . 
  they listen to feedback .
