  and made nightfalls drop a legendary ( a downgrade ), 
  i know the nf can get exotics , but so can those legendary engrams decrypt into exotics as well, 
  heavy ammo in skirmish is a fucking joke , it should never be in that game mode, 
  same with rumble , heavy tilts the entire match , it has no place in there either, 
  who wouldnt want to have full expansions over free bullshit ? 
  if youre asking me to not buy something i want , then , sorry , not going to happen, 
  i dunno , i 'm in the boat that wants them to remix the content they 've already given us to at least pad the time between releases . 
  there 's no reason why they ca n't whip together ` takenified ' or ` heroic mode ' crota 's end / vog , or putting all the y1 strikes in the current playlist , or remixing inventories , etc. 
  we already know that small amounts of content can be stretched considerably . 
  creating bullshit ways to complete certain weekly bosses in the current raid bought them a whole month . 
  you make some very good points about progression and the other ideas like unlockables for achivements in the game . 
  that would be cool . 
  when the dev says there is n't time , i do n't see that as there 's no time to do it at all , just not in the space they 've allocated . 
  they have other things planned , and cramming repurposed raids in the middle just does n't work for them . 
  if they cleared off the table and decided what they could do , i 'm sure they could make it work , just not on the fly now with other tasks needing to be complete for roll out ( feb update , that next ` big ' event after the vday-week , etc. ), 
  i dont think it would be overly hard to make vog hard mode . 
  give it the same drop system as kf but with the old vog armor models , and re-release the guns with no elements but at 310-320 ... it 'd work . 
  what 's everyone so surprised about ? 
  this could be a montage of every iron banner since 2014, 
  lags been an issue everywhere for a while , always some red bar sucker ruining the game for everyone, 
  i guess it is more prevalent but not sure if thats just recentism, 
  i understand the logic behind the matchmaking system , i 'm just saying i nor anyone i played with noticed a real spike in lag issues as they have always existed . 
  the issue now is that will bungie change a system that affects everyone to better the experience for only a few people ? 
  i 'm in that top 1 % bracket as are all of my friends list for the most part , so unless you 're talking the top .1 % or something fringe , it 's going to be hard for bungie to cater to the small minority over the majority of players here . 
  my friend who is new to the game currently loves sbmm because she stands a fighting chance when playing solo now , and i 'm sure crucible would be pretty offputting for many people if they had to play against sweats all day , every day . 
  nothing 's free in this world, 
  well we did n't specify how we ` rank ' here , i doubt they use something as trivial as cumulative kd . 
  i assumed we 're going by some algo that goes by games , kills , monthly kd ; like whatever dtr score goes by ( also top 1 ) , and so on . 
  you get the point . 
  i , you , many people here are a fringe . 
  it 's like this forum , we only represent a small percentage of destiny fans . 
  it 's a huge community by community standards , but there 's millions of players and sometimes we think our voices here represent a far greater share of the player base than we really do . 
  all this being said , i just fired up a game solo . 
  real sweaty , real tilted . 
  my team got beat 20k-10k ; almost all my deaths were to last word or 1000-yards ; 3/12 had red bars . 
  it was shitty and i turned off my xbox after . 
  you guys may be on to something . 
  and you got what you paid for as was advertised ... 
  it 's like bill burr said, 
  yes , i know one through a friend . 
  she 's on hormones now . 
  i feel like it 's one big dare that went too far . 
  finance the live team for small events , not dlc , right ? 
  i forget their wording, 
  but you 're talking about spending $ 100 on the games , not silver, 
  im just gon na play for the fusion, 
  they need to stop obsessing over this fake thing they invented called `` gender '', 
  there is biological sex , gender . 
  and the are gender roles . 
  the idea of self-identified gender is the most problematic concept ever cooked up . 
  i 'm not attracted to gender , i 'm attracted to sex . 
  i like tomboys and feminine girls . 
  they could have long ass hair or buzzcuts with no makeup . 
  it 's not the fucking gender i 'm attracted to and i 'm sure that applies to most people . 
  i 'll always consider pansexuality a term for bi hipsters . 
  no , just bi but leaning in one direction and not directly in the middle, 
  but bi is literally defined as any shade of grey between hetero and homo , so more of their made up words are bullshit, 
  i disagree . 
  just because you do n't find them attractive would n't make you less bi . 
  this is party true , you 'd expect major news to come first from an atvi earnings call, 
  the division is all hype and will blow, 
  yup !, 
  pretty sure itll be a conference call, 
  i 'm offended that you probably did n't consider the english language binary is a relic of the past , and that there is british english , american english , ** and ** canadian english !, 
  way to appropriate arabic numerals , shitloard, 
  they 're so 2000-and-late, 
   activision is announcing their quarterly earnings on thursday , february 11 . 
  sorry , guess google finance lied or is just out of date, 
  trans people more often than not undergo physiological changes to mimic a sex , not simply act out gender roles . 
  well , they are . 
  and they are the ones making that claim , and obfuscating the entire conversation . 
  buy heavy ammo synth , trade in to factions for rep, 
  basically paying for reward packages / level boosting to get the exotic class item, 
  * they * refers to sjws in the op , not all trans people . 
   so your problem is that they are calling it gender instead of sex, 
  were you implying trans people call ` it ' gender instead of sex ? 
  complaints, 
  nightfall drops too many ghosts, 
  raid does n't drop enough 320 ghosts, 
  i 'd just love a return to 38 because last week was a fucking massacre, 
  what does the ib helm have to do with anything ? 
  most nightstalkers use shadestep without the graviton, 
  so now the ultra liberal feminists are against sex before marriage ? 
  perfect example of `` black people ca n't be racist '', 
  i continue to sit on a pile of spin metal, 
  carried my kinderguardian through her first , she got the evil scheme emote, 
  i told her how nightfalls drop exotics ... 
  honestly , why not ? 
  nightfall takes longer than the challenge at this point, 
  everyone in asia looks chinese . 
  tryhards like to ignore this important fact . 
  as someone who plays a fuckton of crucible i agree , but i 'm just saying there 's two sides to this and the other side is the majority of players , the ` casuals ', 
  their solution they tried is wrong , but scaring off new players does n't help either . 
   `` lets use fusion rifles '' . 
  do n't you dare talk ill of my fusion rifles . 
  ever . 
  he was ( i hope ) , i was n't . 
  i was playing along with the joke . 
  everyone in russia , india , and the middle east obviously does n't look chinese . 
  indians migrated to north america across the beiring strait from china .
