  have a maxed new icebreaker , completed crota on my main last night, 
  gt = i am the hague, 
  what 's going on here ? 
  the other day the daily was offering motes of light for doing the daily . 
  then i changed characters and it was gone , so i went back on my main and it was still gone . 
  friend on my fireteam said it was still there for him . 
  is everyone else getting motes ? 
  was this a glitch ? 
  just wondering since it was brought up in another thread , and figured this should be asked . 
  what does does the eula say about these kinds of exploits/cheeses/cheats ? 
  what actions have resulted in bans so far ? 
  from what i can see on the bungie site :, 
   modification or interruption of destiny network traffic with intent to disrupt other players ' experiences or to gain advantage in the game, 
   intentionally deriving gameplay benefit from another user 's behavior in the above categories, 
  but also, 
   if you find an exploit , we want to know about it in the #help forums . 
  do n't be scared ; we wo n't be upset if you found a way to make something weird happen . 
  let us know about it , so we can fix it to ensure we give everybody the best experience possible !, 
  so what is the red line here ? 
  if you are in a fireteam where a user ` interrupted network traffic ' to gain an advantage in the raid , and you were in the fireteam derived gameplay benefit ( re : loot ) does this mean collective punishment will come down on , i 'm assuming , a huge part of this community ? 
  would there in such an instance typically be a warning issued ? 
  as we know , deej did n't mention anything in the recent 2 weekly updates about exploits other than an upcoming january update, 
  light level does not matter , everything is brought to parity . 
  i think i speak on behalf of many crucible pvp players in that we wear armor that either looks cool or has better pvp perks . 
  often this armor is less than raid gear , or we do n't fully level it up with ascendant shards because there 's no point . 
  we only need the perks ( like weapon reload , faster melee , nades refilling special , etc. ), 
  this being the case , why is the light level displayed over every users head and on the post-match screen ? 
  we all know that 27 that ran the make is a 31 in his double life . 
  why display it at all ? 
  why not display a figure that is relevant to pvp ? 
  no glitching , looking to do him tonight nice and sensual, 
  xbl : i am the hague, 
  ( i also have a lvl 31 warlock ), 
  looking to do crota now or tonight with my warlock . 
  legit only , no glitching . 
  gt = i am the hague, 
  edit : i have a maxed icebreaker 2.0 if that helps, 
  level 31 warlock , maxed icebreaker 2.0 , looking to finish off crota, 
  no glitching / cheesing, 
  gt = i am the hague, 
  what 's the point , so you can have better gear for when you glitch him next week ? 
  so you 'll have no clue how to beat him once it 's patched ? 
  so you can get all your raiding on all your alts done by wednesday and be bored the rest of the week ? 
  tldr : i 'm frustrated & lashing out, 
  title says it , christmas newcomers or others wanting to do an alt are welcome . 
  let 's do this . 
  i 'm on the 2nd mission . 
  level 32 hunter / 31 warlock , looking to do crota on both or either characters . 
  xbl = i am the hague, 
  level 31 warlock , maxed icebreaker 2.0 , experience , looking to get one more crota in before the reset, 
  would prefer legit , but since they are cracking down on cheese tuesday , wouldnt be opposed to one swan song on that either since it 's 1am, 
  xbl : i am the hague, 
  i burned through 70 motes of light , all i had , trying to get the perfect efrideets spear . 
  i was close , spot on for perks , but it was solar . 
  i needed void . 
  after doing 1 more eris bounty ( kill 10 majors in a nightfall , get 3 motes ) i finally got one with void damage w / rodeo , field scout , and final round, 
  what did you get and how many did you burn through to get there ? 
  me and my friends spend more time doing this than doing nightfalls, 
  on confluxes our entire group rage quit yesterday , we found on the left conflux it was just getting absolutely swamped with minotaurs . 
  i 've done the hm vog many times , no problem even when i was 29 , and normally never find the area to be an issue , but the frequency of spawns was just nutty . 
  anyone else having the same experience ? 
  played it since patch ? 
  apparently rahool & xur have teamed up to hand out raid drops now, 
  can a lawyer acting pro bono for a plaintiff seek as part of a lawsuit to recover full legal costs from the defendant ? 
  if so , how are these costs even calculated ? 
  i have a question with regards to something i 'm dealing with . 
  a non-canadian ( in this case , person is from ukraine ) is taking me to small claims in ontario , using a lawyer based in ontario . 
  now , assume i counterclaim and win - how would i receive my settlement if the plaintiff is from another country and could just dodge any judgement ? 
  for those wondering , final round on efrideet 's spear , no armor piercing rounds, 
  without just straight up doing mass , i was wondering if it 's okay to swap the saturday routine of warrior for block 2 's incinerator ? 
  reasoning being that block one is so heavy on cardio and basically a plyo maship with little attention to arms , would it be okay to get some more variation going ? 
  i 'm used to p90x where every day of the week was focusing on something specific and different from the others , and i do n't want to go a month without doing any curls / presses . 
  naturally when we upgrade our gear , be it legendary or exotic , we get to a higher light level . 
  but what happens to our sweet , sweet rolls ? 
  do they get rng 'd on a higher tier or do they scale up ? 
  not sure if this has been posted but i found the [ lord of wolves ] ( http://db.planetdestiny.com/items/view/2344494719 ) casually hanging around the tower, 
  screenshot :, 
  it 's behind shaxx, 
  the double down perk ( `` on spawn , this weapon occasionally gains additional ammo '' ) is a pretty mediocre perk for pve outside of heavies . 
  in pvp , it 's outright disabled for secondaries ( havent tested on primary ) . 
  considering the new limitations on special ammo , this perk would actually be useful to occasionally get some special ammo after dying in crucible . 
  agree or op ? 
  the other day we noticed a guy on our team was intentionally afking . 
  he would just sit in the corner and not kill anyone , and if we approached him he would move around a bit so as to not go idle and just back away from us . 
  when my friend messaged him asking why he was going afk since it was causing our team to lose , he just cussed us out and told us to mind our own business . 
  is this just sitting around to get some crucible marks ? 
  i recently got a modmic and decided to attach it to my standalone headphones . 
  i went out and bought a [ y-cable adapter ] ( http://www.staples.ca/en/moshi-35-mm-audio-jack-splitter-99mo023005/product_221027_2-ca_1_20001 ) so i could plug both the audio and the mic into the xbox one adapter . 
  it works , but now my sound is in mono when the mic is plugged in . 
  how do i correctly connect both headphones and a mic without messing up my audio ? 
  what else do i need to buy ? 
  ** my take : **, 
  as it stands , the ram ( like insurmountable skullfort ) is the best looking helm in its class , handicapped by a weak exotic perk ( identically , health regen from melee ), 
  using it last night on the prison i. ... stopped using it and switched to sunsinger , having claws of ahamkara for double overshields is much better imo , plus reviving ( obviously ) . 
  so the question to many is , what 's better , overshield or full health ? 
  the problem with the latter , as i see it , is that you end up holding on to your melee to use if you 're in a jam . 
  using it with full health obviously helps you none , and when you need it and dont have a charge , you 're screwed . 
  conversely , holding on to it negates the benefit of melee kills charging your super , and not using soul rip as much as possible in tandem with life steal . 
  so you either go play all in and hope for the best , or hang back , but neither is ideal . 
  if you 're going for supers , you 're better off with a helm with inverse shadow where all kills give you a boost , not just melee .
