  a ) no group of 27s will beat the hard mode raid . 
  b ) they want a 30 fireteam leader maybe because of all the 29s making teams and then saying `` sorry 30s only '' and being dicks ? 
  he 's asking why its required the fireteam leader be 30, 
  you 'll still only get 2 rares , why wait longer just to get blue balls ? 
  why was your post removed, 
  nope, 
  this is why i got it digitally, 
  i dont want to buy it because then itll need to be upgraded next week +, 
  there 's no confirmation that vendors will sell level 30 gear . 
  none at all . 
  just `` better '' gear . 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm banning russian exports . 
  can not unwipe, 
  you wouldnt happen to be building a dickship to get back to dick planet , would you ? 
  i sharded my saint 14 when i got it as an engram, 
  i 'd rather be level 31 fighting level 30 mobs , for obvious reasons, 
   at least i get to hit 30 this week . 
  how do you figure ? 
  i got the helmet . 
  he just went 7 weeks without selling a helmet . 
  i dont like those odds . 
  if i have to pay 7 coins to upgrade it , so be it . 
  need it and have it than not need it and dont have it . 
  i refuse to wear the chicken mask . 
  the soundtrack to the game is really really bad . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  it 's not a massively multiplayer online game ? 
  seems to be the logic behind it, 
  1-2 good tracks , the rest is filler, 
  what im confused about is why 36 ? 
  i thought the new hm raid was going to be 33 ? 
  according to planetdestiny , the legendary raid gear is going to be 36 light , meaning we finish maxing out that we 're going to be several ahead of the hm raid , which doesnt compute to me, 
  my bad , i saw that 30 * 4 = 120 , which is what we need for 30 , and assumed you basically had to average 36 light on every piece to get 36 light overall, 
  im waiting , have a bunch of stuff i 've effectively frozen for tuesday, 
  the reset is the weekly cap , you can only earn 100 a week, 
  the 200 in your inventory are yours until you use them , but they have a ceiling of 200 as well, 
  i 've made this exact post so many times . 
  i take it you 're a u.s. american, 
  at least they 'll know the true meaning of christmas, 
  totally agree , more variety to make the end game less repetitive and more challenging, 
  and to top it off , that legendary is now completely outclassed by the new vendor shit, 
   how often do you use the strangers rifle in vog ? 
  29s should be able to handle the 30 raid no problem , there is no reason to give 29s some boost for no reason, 
  upgrading legendaries is a total waste of materials if 30 legendaries will be available to replace 27s, 
  the irony being that person saying ` no 29s ' is a 29, 
  if they were smart they would make the new vendor gear 29, 
  three 29s plus an exotic 36 = 123 , or light level 30, 
  making it so you can become level 30 without an exotic and just buying vendor gear is stupid . 
  making it so you can get to 31 with just vendor gear and no vog gear is just retarded . 
  who are you arguing with ? 
  this would make grinding for vog armor worth it . 
  stats of the new stuff , but look of the stuff we worked hard to eventually get . 
  that wouldnt be an issue . 
  exotics are not allowed , and if you see someone using something , clearly they earned it . 
  you see someone with a vog helmet and you would know where they got it , regardless what the stats are . 
   they want each piece of gear to have a unique appearance . 
  that 's why the vault of glass armor is just slightly modified vanguard armor , or the ib armor is reskinned modified blue armor . 
  i disagree . 
  i can see armor and know it 's vanguard armor , but the distinction really begins to fade , and will continue to fade as more armor is introduced to the game and old armor phased out . 
  i think you 're overstating that this is a design philosophy on bungie 's part . 
  they have said at no point that you * need * to know where every single non-exotic piece of armor comes from . 
  this would give people , especially new players , incentive to go play the vault of glass and collect the gear they want , even if it 's now obsolete, 
  and once you put on a shader there 's literally no differentiation, 
  so what , helm is now obsolete, 
  im not stacking bounties for xur , i 'll just complete new bounties that day, 
  i know , i 'm just being a dick , i want the helm too, 
  i dont think the same people doing this simple cosmetic upgrade are the same people doing bug fixing, 
  flawless shards, 
  as pointless as your shards, 
  this calls for a `` fire all the programmers '' meme, 
  you hear it in literally every one screaming like it was the end of the world, 
  it was its soul . 
  so which is it , level 3 or 7 ? 
  note : dont eat things you need to wear rubber gloves to handle because you 're afraid itll get on your skin, 
  that 's nonsense . 
  i planed my 26 alt on normal mode last week . 
  i came in 1st on my team for kills . 
  everyone else on my team was 27-29 . 
  skill  level, 
  proof : http://www.destinydb.com/carnage/956120982-i-am-the-hague, 
  do we actually have confirmation for any of this ? 
  i 'm on here and other destiny sites as much as anyone and have seen nothing more than hearsay, 
  that you only need to be level 3 to get the new level 30 gear ? 
  is there even confirmation that it is level 30 gear ? 
  i have work and am not staying up till 4am, 
  planet destiny says all vendor legendary gear is now level 33, 
  hope those icons arent accurate , look like just a bunch of new reskins that look , often , worse than the current legendary and especially raid gear . 
  i was getting legendaries intermittently before the patch , since it i 've gotten like 4 sets of 2 blue balls, 
  you must hate me for getting 2 exotics once , dont you ? 
  i got it and have been using it , consistently doing well with it . 
  i 'm happy . 
  i love it more for pve though, 
  where is the written rule that primaries ca n't have it ? 
  it 's an exotic , it should be better than raid primaries, 
  to me it feels like aliens / space marines vibe to it, 
  though it has a bit more of a giger feel to it , and what it shoots is more a nod to halo 's plasma rifles, 
  i guess we 'll just have to find out . 
  love my hammer too , and would love a re-roll now that i 'm swimming in moats . 
  most exotics are unaffected by shaders,
