   behold my passage . 
  behold my vast displacement , my ponderous strength , my great and coiling length , my folded jaws and curled wings . 
  ** behold the hiving cities symbiotic with my flesh . 
  i am at the beginning and end of lives . 
  so while yes orxy 's species are ` the hive ' now , to me it 's like the flood if only elites were infected by the flood . 
  if we go by metacritic then clearly it was not worth the money and bungie is taking our wallets, 
  i dont know what wormspore is used for . 
  people tell me armor but armor uses spin metal and armor material . 
  everyone has swords by now, 
   dis game is bad init , liek you get no enjoyment from grinding , was expecting some tingzzzz to be improved from the first bad game . 
  this should not be bought , bungie you failures ... 
  very bad programmers, 
  you can stay on your high horse and still shoot them . 
  do n't just sit there like a lump and blame others for not pulling the trigger for you . 
  fair enough . 
  but then the blame goes to the 2 back pedestal guys plus the floater , not just one guy . 
  that 's just a bad group now . 
  he 's not the only one forming fireteams on the sub . 
  that 's the qugu , not the eliksni ( fallen ), 
  i recognize the amputation connection but the eliksni had the traveller and the traveller isnt mentioned there, 
  right but op said the armsday gun had better stability than the hung jury , just pointing out that vendor hj has max stability, 
  just because the hive attacked the fallen at some point does n't mean the eliksni are the qugu . 
  that oryx attacked the qugu and there was no reference to the traveller ( which the eliksni had at the time ) makes me think they are entirely different . 
  all you have to back your stance is that they have four arms , in a universe of multi-armed species . 
  outside of the arms there is literally no connection . 
   the entirety of oryx 's interstellar crusade is fixed on devouring the traveler and killing taox, 
  and yet upon finding the qugu , and you 're implying the traveller was there , oryx made no mention of his biggest fixation . 
  lol were you one of the guys there ? 
  it 's a super easy fight , i 'd like to try it down a couple guys, 
  paul fears public displays of affection, 
  i 'm mr. gjallarhorn dick !, 
  that 's what glowhoo is for , 
  yup . 
  i dont know if it 's a bad thing though . 
  haha oh now i wonder how many other places we can get him to appear at . 
  edit : now i suddenly have the urge to photoshop him into random tourist locations, 
  ... they 'll do that ? 
  anyone else hear , when shaxx says phenomenal , * manamana * ? 
  voidwalker is still good , what 's the beef ? 
  hammer of sol needs to be nerfed though , at least for pvp . 
  it 's just a joke at the moment how they allowed that in the game . 
  what changed ? 
  notes said you could n't spam them , but what is the cooldown now ? 
  having fast mini-nova bombs x 10 + an overshield is/was just downright broken . 
  like a hybrid of blade dancer , golden gun , and voidwalker but without the negatives ( ie , balance ), 
  what 's the cooldown now that you ca n't spam them ? 
  can someone speak on how the hammer works now ? 
  just last season , and the other 3-part episodes like imaginationland, 
  how the fuck did you not clue in to this . 
  black friday , the one with the guinea pigs , etc, 
  no , running out of ammo is a good thing , otherwise there 's no point to ammo, 
   that begs the question , what plan is eris part of ? 
  she helped us build the tom ... 
  i think the queen she references is one of oryx 's sisters , not the awoken queen . 
   they will mantle me , oryx , the taken king . 
  ** the topic of ` mantling ' is mentioned a few times . 
  it means he can be resurrected . 
   in mantling akka you will become a god , as i am . 
  and in xxix he brings his sisters back by mantling them, 
   and from their blood rose xivu arath , saying , `` i am war , and you have conjured me back with war . '', 
   and they were made extinct . 
  from their ashes rose cunning savath\u00fbn , saying , `` i am trickery , and you have conjured me back with trickery . '', 
  you have 3 guns . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't like playing tactically and prefer infinite ammo god mode . 
  lol i just got this one, 
  i think that 's the obvious answer , but i 'm looking more for a plot twist . 
  the queen was ` taken ' in that blast and is possibly in a hive sword realm . 
  if she 's alive , she may be completely changed . 
  we have n't heard from oryx 's sisters , perhaps they control her now . 
  this whole thing has a diablo feel to me . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they 're both dead as far as i 'm aware, 
  i only remember her mentioning the queen is dead but she senses her christmas spirit still remains, 
  i do n't understand , so it reloads to 11 rounds and remains at the 2x damage , but the shots dont damage you since its from your mag ? 
  i should n't be forced to coaxed into using year 2 guns outside of ib and trials . 
  the one saving grace of bungie ` takin ' our guns ' was that we 'd still be able to use our beloved guns in pvp . 
  year 2 guns are great , but so is having options and variety . 
  true, 
   ` you know what i see ? 
  * camera pans to dinklebot *, 
  perfect . 
   at the end of the story , oryx dies . 
  when a hive god dies , he goes back to his throne dimension . 
  we kill him in this throne in regicide , he ca n't go back to his throne . 
  he just teleported to the other side of the ship . 
   we 're able to use the sword logic to pull a relic out of the air . 
  the relic can be used to take the invincibility shields that oryx 's pawns boast in his throne world . 
  we use the sword logic against him . 
  this is n't sword logic , sword logic is essentially survival of the fittest . 
  by killing his daughters and son and all his commanders , sword logic dictates that we are worthy of killing him . 
  my theory is that his attack where the light is in his chest ? 
  that 's the worm devouring him . 
  we cut off all his light ` food ' sources and since he ca n't kill us , his worm is finally starting to kill him . 
  in the animation where we die , he shoves it back inside , in the one where we damage him , he 's unable to and it continues to hurt him . 
  in the end , we and the worm kill him , and like you said , it 's finally released . 
  if you look at his body as it drifts towards saturn , it looks like he 's covered in worm spore ` spikes ' . 
  the ship is n't made out of akka 's body, 
   to make his ship , oryx scrimshawed one piece of akka , who was dead but far from gone . 
  he stole the hammer of xivu arath and the scalpel of savath\u00fbn and he armored his ship in baneful armor . 
  my interpretation is he just wore a piece of akka like armor to get his power , then took the hammer and scalpel and ` crafted ' the ship .
