  my last 2 dead orbit packages have been fucking cloaks, 
  i dont see this happening since shaders themselves are something you need to find/unlock , so allowing you to go full custom would make shaders themselves useless/worthless, 
  threw all my xur/5th stuff into an album :, 
  seeing as most people are n't mutilated , logic dictates that women have been willing to hook up with normal guys since the dawn of time, 
  when it happens to women it 's called `` female genital mutilation '' , when it happens to men it 's called `` being cut '', 
  simply not true , but i guess i 'm here to shatter your world . 
   estimates of the proportion of males worldwide that are circumcised vary from 1\u20446 to 1\u20443 . 
  the world health organization ( who ) has estimated that globally 30 % of males aged 15 and over are circumcised , with almost 70 % of these being muslim . 
  as you can see here , europe , china , and south & central america are all uncut . 
  who is cut ? 
  the usa , middle east , and africa ... good company !, 
  so i guess that makes you a 3rd worlder ... or an african muslim . 
  it 's amazing how deep this stuff is for those of us pouring over the lore and the possibilities, 
  and then there 's the game , void of any depth , story , or meaning . 
  but goddamn this sub is deep . 
   why do we have atoms ? 
  because atomic matter is more stable than the primordial broth . 
  atoms defeated the broth . 
  that was the first war . 
  there were two ways to be and one of them won . 
  and everything that came next was made of atoms . 
  personally this is what interests me the most . 
  the vex have their own way of construction , they manipulate time and control their minions through a hive-mind like network . 
  they are just matter , atoms , and their minds must ` sacrifice ' to rejoin their primary server . 
  bodies are vessels . 
  then there are the guardians , forged by the `` travellers light '' , which is to say , out of glimmer . 
  ghosts made us out of ` programmable matter ' , everything we touch is made out of it . 
  we are all programmed , and vessels of the hive mind - the traveller , except the traveller is dormant and we have a lapse where we control our own destiny for the time being - or so we think, 
  and then we have the darkness , the nine , and those like xur . 
  xur is made of cells , some from this planet , some from elsewhere . 
  they are the primordial broth , the decaying matter , but the organic - and instable . 
  they are not building blocks like us , and are the antithesis of the light - a `` dark mirror '' to the traveller , glimmer , and atomic matter in the sense that guardians are made of . 
  we have guardians , they have agents , and the vex have neither ( but are still organic in source , so their origins are still a mystery ), 
  im hoping with the dlc they follow through with their statements and do a quality story . 
  i think that will be a measuring stick of how they will continue to do this . 
  if you can get through the door , definitely try getting to the lonely portal, 
  this sucker :, 
  if they 're dying then its not really much of a cheese, 
  the vex can manipulate the fabric of time so ` glitches ' are a natural defense mechanism, 
  it 's a `` 3 ! '', 
  not a 30, 
  3rd dlc will be cabal themed, 
   it 's annoying that it does n't show you where they actually are . 
  maybe the game should hold your hand for you , give you x-ray vision so you can see enemies through walls , and give you goldeneye 64 auto-aim to give you the edge you need, 
  lets not presume, 
  i 'd like one more . 
  i have a warlock and 2 hunters , and i guess if i get my warlock to 30 i may delete the secondary hunter ( 29 ) to start a titan ... but i 'd rather not have to delete a char i put time into , ya know ? 
  ive tried telling people this , i just call out `` sand ! '', 
  when on future now, 
  so for me it 's sand or minotaur, 
  maybe since the lead writer quit , they figured they would crowd source the plot based on what he had already done , and we would fill in the holes & turn it into a narrative, 
  how do you install someone everyone voted for ( that is , voted for the party he was part of ) ? 
  including myself ? 
  leave the orange revolution out of this, 
  exactly , this is just conspiratard garbage . 
  hardly / worldnews, 
  this may be the key . 
  had a group yesterday doing a-thong , 4 30 's and 2 29s and we could n't finish the damn thing off , they all blamed it on `` glitches '' and other nonsense ( i barely noticed any glitches , people were just dying ), 
  when 3 guys rage quit , we found 3 more who were presumably better and we did aetheon in one shot . 
  i bet it was the weapons . 
  * read rhetoric about american empire and conservative jihad *, 
  * skim to bottom *, 
   `` mark taliano is a retired high school teacher . 
  currently he is a writer and activist residing in the niagara region . '', 
  * close tab *, 
  i already have everything , just doing it for fun at this point . 
  i got the helm . 
  why did the chicken cross the road, 
  gates are a vex thing , this is a hive raid, 
  i think this is where the bad juju buff comes into play, 
  dont forget to equip the mask of the third man, 
  crota is a bitch, 
  fake , so less funny, 
  never played the last gen one , cant wait, 
  everyone ? 
  sorry but only a fringe of people would do that , most people dont have time to roll 3, 
  agreed , its clearly hive related , that it looks like same fisher is just a coincidence, 
  whats wrong with rushing ? 
  experience ... so motes , big deal, 
  great ideas, 
  i would also add the ability to re-roll armor and weapons ( at the gunsmith ) for different traits . 
  i hate the perks my raid armor gauntlets have , but i have legendary ones that suit my playstyle , so i 'm forced to be a 29 when in pvp and be a 30 in pve, 
  the idea the the game should be customization to match our playstyle and preferences , and right now we 're really tunneled into pre-set armor classes, 
  how do they do this ? 
  as an xbox owner , just curious, 
  in my head this gun looks like this, 
  those platforms just bring you to the same end of the puzzle , just a off to the left a bit, 
  i had a really long reply to this but i accidentally erased it . 
  here is a video of moi getting to the portal with arc blade ( the easy way ), 
  i dont think the 2nd puzzle platforms take you close enough to the portal , but to the island . 
  this ` lonely island ' is reachable without special means if you go to the following ledge . 
  the ledge is intentionally and directly lined up with the island so that you can reach it with a triple jump from a hunter , for example . 
  from the island it 's possible to get to the side of the land mass that holds the portal , but from my experience i just get stuck on the edge and ca n't find a way to the top yet . 
  `` 27 . all wildlife in the galaxy is extinct . '', 
  good point, 
  so souls exist in destiny ? 
  what ? 
  so , basically , destiny is thor, 
   thor : your ancestors called it magic ... but you call it science . 
  i come from a land where they are one and the same .
