  i 've contacted / r/tumblrinaction about this and you will be banned . 
  short answer : yes, 
  california banned it apparently, 
  but that 's a close game , not a blowout, 
  bruh ... 
  transpolitical, 
  sudden urge to photoshop a ` transpanic claus ', 
  sorry , it 's crutch for 9/10 players . 
  if a top player needs to use broken guns to win , they arent a top player . 
  whats wrong with using charizard for life ? 
  someone 's mad they are losing their op glitch guns, 
  in the taken king there 's an achievement for a quest called `` the wolves of mars '' so there is going to be some stuff there, 
  wrong . 
  100 % wrong . 
  it wont have the range , it wont have the stability , it wont have the aggressive dot , and it wont be a 2 hit kill . 
  thorn is done . 
  thorn was already done when everyone figured out tlw was broken as fuck . 
  some of the best will come back down to earth , some of those in the next tier will elevate their game . 
  nothing is set in stone . 
  a lot of those `` best '' players are products of the current environment . 
  this is nothing new . 
  we 've known for ages that they would do full sequels every 2 years with ` comet ' releases in between . 
  for example , taken king is a ` comet ' release , a major expansion . 
  nope , sorry to put sand in your snatch there bud . 
  if you think op / glitched guns have no bearing on who wins in a fight , you 're freaking delusional . 
  uh , what ? 
  taken king is 2.0 . 
  taken king is a comet . 
  i have , and it 's still outnumbered by tlw like 3:1 in my experience . 
  my last game of rumble last night i was the only one in the game who was n't using tlw . 
  it 's a joke , but thorn used to be that way too . 
  activision contract, 
   tlw is n't getting a nerf to its hipfire . 
  it 's actually getting a buff to its hip-fire . 
  in other words , it 's getting way better for those who were using it correctly ( yes , you 're supposed to hip-fire with it . 
  anything outside of hip-fire range can be reasonably sniped ) . 
  wrong . 
  hand cannons in general are getting an nerf , tlw is getting a buff , so it 's a wash . 
  stupidest thing i 've read on here all day . 
  cool , didnt see any destiny stuff when i was there , was hoping for a taken king demo at the sony area, 
   they will just use the next meta and wreck your face with those, 
  because someone is good with some exploit / glitch doesnt mean they can just pick up any other gun and do just as good . 
  that 's just reality . 
  you 're just salty as fuck because you 're gon na fall off . 
  wake up dude . 
   you are probably one of these multi-tool hipsters, 
  ah there we go , have n't heard that quote in a while . 
  yup , you 're toast on tuesday . 
  i can taste your tears . 
  i play with top 1 % s ( hell , i 'm 2 % ) , but i guess you 'd call them hipsters because they dont use crutch guns to `` compete '', 
  the pubstomp is coming , and you can not escape it . 
  a lot of those guys wo n't be in the top 100 come year 2 . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  lol those guys wont turn to shit but they wont be as good and you 'll likely see a shuffle in who is better come the new environment . 
  that 's just how the world works . 
  and if you 're that good and still find the need to use op guns , you 're a clown of an even higher degree . 
  but keep crying that they 're takin ' away yer guns , bruh . 
  how did they record all 6 of them sitting like that ? 
  rumble only allows 3 man fireteams ... 
  make it like the singing sword from baldurs gate ii, 
  i report every tlw user for unfriendly, 
  how do you know he got a legendary engram ? 
  while you are right for the most part , bungie does hold back content and do drip feed us . 
  this is just reality . 
  it 's a business and they have a plan for what content we will get and arent going to blow their load and give us everything in the oven at once . 
  from a chest only , no ? 
  so you 'd have to buy it via the terminal ? 
  they will always be triggered, 
  ironically , the gender neutral word for her ( `` xur '' ) is pronounced `` her '', 
  but i trashed all my tokens of identity !, 
  i love the idea of having stats divided by seasons / years like this is sports . 
  this was my rookie year , my first 6 months were bad . 
  the idea of deleting a character and starting over just to have a better k/d show is just lame . 
  i want my year 1 archived and year 2 to be the showcase to work on now , and look back years from now and see my seasonal progress . 
  +1 really want to see my year 2 stats on their own, 
  this shouldnt be hard , we can already see monthly stats on their own , just start a new cumulative total as of tomorrow, 
  i just had one drop in a strike . 
  asked my buddy if it showed up on his ticker , he said no . 
  the new `` tracking '' tab, 
  well , conceivably they could finish things early and begin working on the next project . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong of them to do this , but it 's not like they are finishing this stuff last minute . 
  ah , i think its because my slots were full and i didnt pick it up / it went to postmaster, 
  just won 3 rumble 's in a row and blasted we are the champions . 
  feels good man . 
  see you guys next year . 
  i have this build on my skorris . 
  the advantage to skorris is that you can max its stability and still have plenty of ammo to work with , while conduit has a paltry amount to begin with and sinks to nearly nothing once you go with braced frame . 
  a grimoire card ... 
  well , the tkk is reduced by 30 % , naturally , and since it has such a high rate of fire , you feel it and see it immediately since no time is lost between pulses . 
  * with reactive reload it goes from 4-5 bodyshots for a kill to 3-4, 
  * 1 body and 2 head goes from `` maybe '' to a sure thing, 
  * 2 headshots will do 186 damage and may kill some, 
  * you can also do 2 body and 1 headshot ( in any order ) now, 
  it makes everything very forgiving . 
  i liked the fight , hated the grind to get there with no checkpoints . 
  all told it took an hour , which was n't bad , but the shit before him was a bore unlike the vog . 
  that whole fight is `` brb , popping a smurf '' ( heavy ammo synth ), 
  i want to read all the things . 
  and if they made it easier for you but added a new reward for the hardcore players to fight over , you 'd ask for that to be accessible as well . 
  sick of this entitlement junk .
