  i quit my first match in, 
  exactly . 
  some guns should have moments , sure , like when a new exotic comes out and it becomes popular because its new - not a whole class of guns because they are unbalanced and better than others . 
  so what next , they nerf hcs and pulses and buff fusions again ? 
  everyone running around with plan cs for an era ? 
  the actual quote was this :, 
   the rise of the exotic hand cannons , we 're aware of it too . 
  we want to make sure every weapon archetype has it 's age . 
  right , the connect stuff should be part of an artist hub page , where it shows all their albums and top songs , etc. 
  it shouldnt be segregated, 
  but for me it still doesnt work because no bands i follow are using it, 
  meta isnt a word damnit, 
  nope , the nine are part of the 5th race , they are shadows , like xur, 
  i dont think its that rare , ive been trying to get it and seen at least five drop ... for other people . 
  its almost getting mean to tease me like that . 
  when he said some of his cells are from earth , i got the impression he 's a composite or some sort of being that is a physical manifestation of the shadow dimension, 
  the soundtrack is awful , lets stop waxing poetic about this half assed mess, 
  park about making a good score is to have it fit the scene , most of these tunes were just thrown on to levels and boss fights with no forethought at all as most of them dont even fit . 
  yup , only exposed us all to more thorn and lag all at the same time, 
  * communitying intensifies *, 
  you dont need final round to 1 shot people . 
  1st kill the guy had no shields , so 1hk, 
  2nd guy had full shields , but i guess jumping makes you weak as fuck, 
  3rd guy final round , i concede, 
  holy shit it 's cheese monkey, 
  i remember everyone shouting your name . 
  at first i thought it was an expletive , then i realized you were a player . 
  haha , it 'd be funny if it shot you back up like a trampoline and you got stuck in a loop, 
  priceless !, 
  only part i hate is his misuse of the word `` meta '' as a synonym for `` state of the game '', 
  thanks , i 'll be here all week, 
  dharma initiative is the ishtar collective, 
  did nightfall yesterday , 2 of us got nlbs . 
  yeah that 's exactly what happened , at the end you can hear him say `` taniks ... '', 
  good thing or bad thing ? 
  planet destiny forum guy talked trash to me about mister rahool not realizing he was me lol, 
  my regards to your order, 
  `` i meant to do that '', 
  my exact reaction while reading it :, 
  bungie really blew it here . 
  cross is hilarious . 
  hell , our clan 's name was anustart for a while . 
  tobias and destiny go together like bees and beads . 
   compare dinklage 's performance to nathan fillion 's . 
  fillion sounds great as cayde-6 . 
  umm , you 're comparing a main character to a background npc with zero role in the game, 
  it 's more like saying the guy working the beer concession stand did a better job . 
  nobody knows who cayde-6 is . 
  i 'm wicked hardcore , so i know who he is now , but i 'd say most people you namedrop to wouldnt have a clue who that character is or that he even had dialog . 
  why would ap rounds help ? 
  i 'd kill for ghost to say `` where the fuck are my hardboiled eggs ?! '', 
  his point was that a supporting act was better than the main act , but cayde isnt a supporting act , he 's a roadie, 
  or you 're having some reading comprehension issues, 
  i never made it into a big deal ? 
  you are scum, 
  ew , who uses thorn and sniper shottys ? 
  that ' such casual newb shit, 
  the queen or her brother are more of background / supporting characters, 
  on messenger it 's the difference between 192 and 201 damage for a body/head combo, 
  i find it runds out of ammo too fast, 
  be fair , any auto rifle with 21 rounds would be on the low end, 
  i think it would be stupid to forever-lock year 1 stuff when adding etheric light in the first place was such a universally praised move, 
  to take away the ability to carry our favorite guns with us , they 'd be back to dark below era, 
  whatever , i 'll keep using my spear . 
  get dirty drag shots with it as-is , why mess with a good thing, 
  plus , dat impact, 
  they could always nerf those specific perks, 
  eh , i 'll take a 37 impact over a 30, 
  but i hear you , i 'm trying to roll a spear with 40 aa , i think my current one is next to nothing, 
  it 's like winning the superbowl and then saying they dont play as intense if they played exhibition games right after, 
  i dunno man , i 've one-shot bodies without final round with it . 
  in more typical scenarios though , i 'll graze them with a scout and then body . 
  i admit i 'd like to run the math to see the difference between the impacts, 
  its just for one more pull at the slot machine , and the motes are fails, 
  does jumping play a part ? 
  because i have video of one-shotting a guy with full shields who was jumping, 
  when they announced it i thought each round would be randomized at that moment , different for every instance . 
  not something pre-set on the weekly reset . 
  i was fine with the weekly reset way of doing it , though its less exciting since you can prepare for it ... but now that you pointed out we 're on an endless loop with no real randomness at all this is just lazzzzzzy on bungie 's part . 
  holy crap . 
  yup, 
  well that 's the shitty part , they put the actual fun rng system on the low end one that has 1 modifier max, 
  trials guns + 2 of the 3 exotics + sniper and machine gun, 
  decent collection of new guns if you ask me, 
   the taken king is considered an expansion on destiny, 
  and dragon age 's dlc is an expansion for dragon age . 
  they are not ` beholden ' beyond year 1 . 
  holy shit you 're still crying about the collector 's edition ? 
  there is no re-buying involved unless you 're a psycho . 
  oh good , after 150 weapon parts i decided to stop rolling on outlaw/headseeker, 
  i know , right ? 
  people suggesting allfate or grinding for weeks for hopscotch ... when they are 2 different pulse types, 
  you paid the 60 , you got what you paid for . 
  you are not entitled to get all future releases . 
  legal obligations are different from moral ones, 
  that 's what i 'm asking op , with people talking about bungie being `` beholden '' to folks and `` the right thing to do '', 
  what contract ? 
  do you know the terms of the contract ? 
  is it stated that bungie/activision is `` beholden '' to release content for all owners of the original game regardless of platform for a 2 year duration ? 
  what is this ` beholden ' nonsense ?
