  just tested it out . 
  had no idea !, 
  thought it was ridiculous they made you wait 20 seconds just to end the mission, 
   got 300 + crucible games , 1.2 k/d, 
  and you 're pretending to suck and asking how to use a goddamn controller after 300 games and a 1.2 ? 
  seriously . 
  if the option was there i 'd max my guy out for $ 20 and never have to play again . 
  it takes away the thrill of rng lottery and earning things . 
  then it 's just a fancy avatar . 
  that an ice breaker make me deadly mid-to-long . 
  up close its fast melee perk + blink strike with hunter , or sticky grenades . 
  i 've found it entirely blocks shaders . 
  even the yellow metal part stays, 
  ie , here it is with chatterwhite on bungie.net , stays yellow, 
  and yeah , eyes are still blue for me regardless, 
  that was how i did it in my head , but the animal house one works too, 
  now you can buy a flamboyant cape !, 
  1.2 avg is still very very good , and means you 're probably placing 1st a lot of the time . 
  your post made it sound like you 're fumbling around with the controller looking for sympathy , but in reality you 're killing it . 
  i have both . 
  voc is my go to , mida i will eventually try out in pvp but in pve it 's fun to shoot and like you said , accurate . 
  love that sound . 
  why does it say gold vex set ( hard ) when i got the gold set on normal ? 
  you 're living by bizzaro world standards . 
  1.0 is considered `` good '' pretty universally, 
  it also depends on game mode , ie , 6v6 tdm will probably have more kills due to more active targets ; control/objective matches will have less since the focus is on capturing and teamwork and not just killing sprees . 
  i always play them , like them , finish , then never play again and forget about them, 
  i played gears 3 finally . 
  fun , but not great by any means . 
  i think the first was the best because for its time it looked and played amazing . 
  yeah , passed on it and just finally years later got it used on amazon . 
  pretty lackluster but fun , maybe a 7/10 tops, 
  i hope so, 
  depends what you already have , obviously, 
  good point . 
  they need to increase the mob size , not just make them harder to kill as you get better at killing ( which brings you back to zero ), 
  ditto , think they are all just on the db but not real life, 
  okay but remove ascendents from the equation since they dont matter in pvp, 
  still , doing daily heroics / weekly 's for the coins is very easy and requires little gamtime commitment . 
  getting 13-17 coins takes a couple weeks assuming you play 20 minutes a week and do nothing else that gets you the rewards . 
  thou shalt not speak the lord 's name in vain . 
  it requires a far greater time commitment , imo , to grind out 3 levels in a faction than to get coins . 
  i just had to start new monarchy to get the vanquisher and the day after i finally get it , suros is just there , waiting to be bought . 
  personally , when the game first came out and i saw the alpha lupi , i thought that was the best thing and wanted to make it my mission to eventually find it . 
  now it 's there ... just sitting there , did n't even have to work hard for it . 
  i mean , compared to exotic bounties which make you do the legwork . 
  if xur sold exotic bounties then that would be fair . 
  i 'm in a hard position where i 'm complaining about getting something i always wanted . 
  i just ca n't be happy lol, 
  if they release new exotics over time that are `` rng only '' or `` raid only '' i guess that could be fine . 
  have one set that is default and open to the whims of xur , but others to keep people working for . 
  need to have a carrot at the end of the stick , need to keep chasing the dragon . 
   there also are n't a lot of exotics to choose from so people will grow tired of xur eventually . 
  i think that 's the problem . 
  i have 60 coins and only 1 character and did n't even know weekly heroics existed / the point of them until a few weeks ago . 
  dont think it was a week , i spent on the raspberry last week but nothing before that ( then again , i was n't doing strikes at all either ) . 
  not sure how much it was this week , just what 's accumulated . 
  the absolute lack of content is going to be the death of this game . 
  it 's a glorified beta . 
  i love it , but i can call a spade a spade . 
   also , as others have noted , exotics are n't even the best gear in the game . 
  they very clearly are the best , except for rare instances like visual of confluence . 
  they are the best armor , clearly , and you need either them or raid armor ( which doesnt have the bonus perks ) to get to level 30 . 
  not every gun is a bad juju . 
  7.6 user score on meta by `` most people '', 
  that and ops story is better than anything i 've seen in the game so far, 
  and here i thought gorgons just exploded when they saw you . 
  for sure . 
  some norwegian guys on here added me up and we may do it on hard tonight , but i def want to do this on hard, 
  like other guy said , it 's missing crimea , which is an historic region of ukraine . 
  was n't even russian speaking until what , 1944 ? 
  with no actual story, 
  although i 'm level 29 with full raid armor , in crucible i wear green pants , cape , and helm because they look way better than the legendary stuff, 
  did you make it to the top ? 
  what new ones that go to 30 ? 
  i already have all the armor and need to farm for shards to get to 30 !, 
  * flails arms *, 
  bungie are mets fans, 
  what is a `` weekly nightfall on 22 '', 
   and that you lose all of your heavy ammo upon death . 
   however , what you likely do not know is that heavy ammo drops persist beyond death . 
  i dont understand what you just said . 
  group i was invited to was doing the cheese , it took incredibly long . 
  i nearly quit but i wanted to see if these british guys could pull it off after so much struggle . 
  they did , and i got the mythoclast . 
  i damn well should be rewarded for watching that shitshow . 
  more like a long-cut, 
  honestly , i dont see an issue with it . 
  if you have guys that are good enough , who can time it just right to knock him off the map while the other guys in your party dont die ( or die and the first team does it before everything gets lost in time ) then more power to you, 
  my weekend experience :, 
  raid on normal , legit strategy - done in 5 minutes, 
  raid on hard , cheese strategy - over 1hr, 
  or until someone else does , probably the other team, 
  i dont see how leaving heavy ammo crates for the opposing team to use is a viable strategy, 
  50 % of people here are level 30 ? 
  that seems very high given that r/fireteams has virtually no 30s in the postings, 
  whoa , when did they announce this ? 
  so this means i dont have to dump all my shards into my raid armor ? 
  reading it now ( from friday ) , never saw it , totally hyped now, 
  i 'm rank 1 : / but i dont like the look of raid gear so i 'm glad there are more level 30 options now .
