  bring this guy back for more . 
  i do n't think lack of content or talking points is an issue , this sub of proof of that . 
  since the release of the dlc , the updates have been awfully quiet and without details ; iron banner even went under the radar for the most part . 
  contrast that with the amount of discussion going on here and it 's a big gap . 
  apparently op has n't watched south park, 
  drawing muhammed ? 
  network censored it ( the second time ), 
  ripping on jews mercilessly since day 1 ? 
  perfectly fine !, 
  well guys , i 've beaten destiny, 
  all i was waiting on was a skullfort ( finally ) and a raspberry with a better roll, 
  he 's an atheist and likes mocking jews ( because it 's fun to poke fun at stereotypes and things you can relate to , in his case , being part ethnically jewish ), 
  example , this is not ` mocking people who dont like jews ' :, 
  if roc is not an acronym them stop spelling roc like an acronym, 
  there 's no way you 'll go through those, 
  and also , why use the vault space if you could wait for him to come back with more ? 
  i bought 80 last time he had them and still have plenty to go, 
  maybe you should step your game up and get it , like me, 
  but it looks the coolest , so it still wins, 
  plus , it 's a fucking skull fort, 
  those of us who had it were very happy to get the upgrade so we can be 32 with it now, 
  and a second saint-14 ( first one i got and sharded it because it looked silly ), 
  this, 
  this one guy my fireteam would play with , he would be playing i think with his kinekt . 
  his kids would be screaming or crying . 
  the guys on the team would be like `` i understand man , its alright , i have kids too '', 
  mute that shit . 
  its okay to have kids and have to deal with them , but if you 're not even talking on the mic , mute it . 
  have some common courtesy . 
  i got to level 32 before getting to level 4 with her , so it was win/win, 
  i always call the one you get the `` green cheese logo '', 
  imagine if in destiny 2 you actually had to protect ghost , and he could die ? 
  right now he 's just an invincible npc that just does his own thing, 
  and yet , when you get to the tower there are ships coming and going all day long , non stop, 
  you can buy a ship with a wap drive from the woman in the tower at any time . 
  they have warp drives coming out their ass . 
  exactly !, 
  * beer, 
  this happened to me once before . 
  wish i recorded it . 
  it was late at night and i didnt even realize what had happened , my honest reaction was `` oh damnit , not another one of those '', 
  so you 're surprised what happens in a global capital is cared about more ? 
  over 4000 killed in ukraine from russian aggression , people , both citizens and soldiers have been killed daily since the attack in paris happened . 
  silence . 
  that makes too much sense to do, 
  sorry , that 's just false . 
  vast majority of those fighting are russians ( both irregulars and professionals under contract ) . 
  this has been verified time and time again . 
  this is n't even factoring in the thousands of russian troops in ukraine at the moment . 
  the `` two sides to every story '' myth is just obfuscation . 
  there is only one truth . 
   activist group gruz 200 -- named after the russian military designation for soldiers killed in action -- estimates more than 4,000 russians have died or are missing in the fighting in eastern ukraine . 
  i got a timurs lash from the second iron banner and never used it . 
  ever . 
   i guess what i really mean to say is that in the area in ukraine currently in revolt are choosing to do so . 
  no , they 're not . 
  separatism had fringe support in this area before the conflict , russian commanders have been vocal about the apathy of the populace to support them ; and the struggle to get anyone to actually join their ranks . 
  ` choosing to do so ' is a real misrepresentation of the vast majority , or at least the gist of the people ( most who oppose have obviously fled the conflict zone by now for fear of repression ), 
   russian forces are in these areas fighting i do n't doubt that . 
  however you have to see the reasoning behind russia 's actions without vilifying them . 
  kiev used to be the centre of the russian empire . 
  what you just said makes zero sense . 
  `` do n't vilify murder , russia used to colonized kiev so it 's cool '' or something along those lines ? 
  italy can send troops into romania and israel then , because rome ? 
  not seeing how you can justify aggression and revanchism on any sensible grounds . 
   obviously things have changed since the ussr fell apart but the ukraine attempting to join the eu and/or nato and installing bases in a country on russia 's border is a line russia could n't let ukraine cross . 
  why not ? 
  the baltic countries are in nato/eu , and they border russia . 
  finland borders russia and likewise is in the eu . 
  you did n't see nato invade belarus for joining russia 's csto . 
  the idea that russia is justified in invading a neutral country because `` it might want to join with countries that can defend it some day '' is a poor man 's argument . 
   take the georgian conflict in 2008 as an example . 
  what about it ? 
  more insane aggression not seen since the warsaw pact . 
   what do you think would happen if russia attempted to create a military alliance with a country bordering the us ( unlikely to happen of course ) ? 
  the belarus example notwithstanding ? 
  ( bordering nato ) . 
  do you not realize russia is literally separated by 50 miles of water away from the us ? 
  too bad there 's no achievement for it or any other kind of record, 
  it should have a chance to be upgraded via xur like every other exotic, 
  i understand it 's a vog weapon , but if all other exotics dropping in the vog are 331 , and every exotic has a chance to be upgraded via xur , why does supposedly the best gun in the game get the shaft ? 
  this is not how `` mmos go '' , i 'm tired of that stupid cop out answer, 
  mmo just means it 's multiplayer and online , there is no * charter of mmos * that all games with roleplaying elements that are online must adhere to . 
  i only cheesed aetheon once and that was the ( first ) time i got the vex . 
  it was also probably the longest raid of my life , holy shit that was awful . 
  jolder 's hammer has the same dps as corrective measure , i believe, 
  i agree but i 'd just be happy if we got the moon and larger mars map back to control . 
  i miss those . 
  it 's a freaking crime that they took them out of rotation . 
  it 's great in pvp, 
  second one was legit , is maxed out , 
  well , the ` cheese ' way was pretty tough , required coordination and skill to pull off . 
  assuming you were the ones trying to knock him off , and not a bystander ( i was a bystander ), 
  crota normal mode was just horrendous though . 
  nobody earned anything outside a select few of us . 
   i would disagree . 
  the cheese is the cheese because it is the easiest and most exploitative way of completing it . 
  by definition ( and having seen it done ) it does n't require much coordination , considering it only took one individual to knock atheon off the edge . 
  it took more than 1 . 
  guy who did it solo even said it takes so many wipes to get his positioning and timing right that it 's not even worth it .
