  they said they would , then they lied . 
  we put time and grind into upgrading our weapons , the entire game circles around upgrading weapons - why should we not be allowed to continue to upgrade them ? 
  i do n't care what mmos do , this is destiny , not a crappy mmo . 
  ascension did n't make the new guns pointless , the new guns were pointless because their perks sucked and re-rolling gave us better kinetic guns . 
  i really dont get why you think you can dictate what should be fun for others , or saying others were `` spoiled '' with what they thought was fun . 
  is fatebringer a problem ? 
  hardly , most people never even got that gun . 
  bungie is in the business of keeping fans happy and ready to buy more content and they have a sore history of driving people away so far . 
  bait n switch tactics wont help that . 
  hey , looking for 1 more , i need 1 win to get my weapon parts for the week , 3 to get flawless finally in, 
  gt = mister rahool, 
  how are those numbers possible !, 
  but etheric light has no bearing on regular crucible !, 
  so i have a purifier with send-it & red-dot-oes for even more stability . 
  i tried it in rumble and it was amazing . 
  so ... how bad is the upcoming re-nerf 2.0 going to ruin this thing ? 
  i only for the first time since the game came out started using fusions in the last couple weeks and love them now . 
  i understand they already nerfed them now and that 's why nobody uses them , but are they going to get even worse now ? 
  it 's not the time ( i put in the same ) it 's the insane consistency, 
  obviously, 
  tlw has got to be the biggest crutch gun in the game right now , moreso than thorn which is mostly just annoying, 
  i guess that 's true, 
  liar, 
  even still , do you have bad games ? 
  lol, 
  yes . 
  why ? 
  because it 's a great gun . 
  `` but the taken king is coming out ! '', 
  - yeah , and tk wont have re-rolling perks with the gunsmith , so it may take you all year to get a god roll on a similar archetype gun now . 
  i ran a slew , not sure how many but maybe 100 because it 's all i did for two weeks . 
  i saw maybe 7 drop for others and i got every gun twice until i got my first . 
  then i got my second like 2 more strikes later . 
  and that 's just ib/trials , upgrades dont matter in the crucible, 
  so what you 're saying is you do n't have bad games , which brings me back to dear god , how, 
  how did you get a vanilla gun from a nightfall in may ? 
  fingers crossed then !, 
  his name is leslie . 
  really really ridiculously good looking, 
  true , rather than splitting the effect, 
  who needs it, 
  downvote for more whining about price, 
  * people still play this game ? 
  this is so stupid . 
  going to hang on to that bounty for the next 3 weeks for 5k ? 
  * the taken wallet !, 
  maybe we 'll get the 4th for destiny 3.0 ( 2016 ), 
  $ 40 for a video game is below average , so yes , i disagree that they are mugging me, 
  quiet thomas , we are n't to even speak of that sword !, 
  is this how come we can always be respawned by our ghosts ? 
  had to go with the best team killing location, 
  dlc is n't a unit of measurement . 
  wheels are turning ... 
  good eye . 
  i compared it ( the dvd sd version ) to the hd version and it seems they fixed the map , guess it was n't intentional  <, 
  if you thought i was deleting an alt for 12 seconds of footage you were wrong . 
  thank you !, 
  ... i 'm not an r-tard ... :(, 
  someone on xbox live did, 
  better than it 's raining guardians ? 
  you set off ocd which forced me to redo it in hd, 
  sounds like russia and their troops going ` on vacation ' / ` retired ', 
  35,000 views and no motw ? 
  cosmo has abandoned the upmote as the guiding light . 
  we have been forsaken !, 
  well , bungie just announced they are eliminating the return-to-orbit penalty because its dumb, 
  i do n't mean to sound butthurt , but i 'm just flabberghasted that some awkward video where they shoot an afk guy in the head on trials got motw when ** randy playing destiny ** has 35,000 views and no honorable mention . 
  my friend said it was a bugs bunny reference . 
  no way i 'm the only one confused . 
  i thought it was just a [ megadeth song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grvo4x6pdzi ), 
  glad someone else is calling it glimglam, 
  how many of us knew c3h8 was propane because of king of the hill ? 
  yes , sweet lady propane . 
  i agree , this number is an important indicator of how new / veteran a player is . 
  its very useful . 
  the kingen king, 
  i disagree , you should respond . 
  respond to them all . 
  can someone explain to me why the 90 impact fusions are tier 1 and the others tier 2 ? 
  another guide says that the 97 impact fusions only need 4/7 beams to hit while every other fusion needs 5/7 . 
  if all of the above fusions need 5/7 , why is more impact better ? 
  just want to point out that the purifier vii , which has 91 impact , hits 48dmg per bolt . 
  so it 's also a 4/7 , just not a 90 % of the time one . 
  little torn between my purifier and foil now . 
  purifier is 91 impact , or 48 damage per bolt . 
  that 's 192 damage for 4 bolts hitting out of its 7 , just not on all opponents . 
  foil is 97 impact , or 50 damage per bolt . 
  that 's 200 damage for 4 , which is a 1hk more often . 
  being able to hit for 4 compensates for stability and aa since you can miss more . 
  the purifier has more range and stability , and a better ` recoil direciton ' stat . 
  it also has more aim assist , 56 vs. 36 , but with send-it it likely has more than 56 . 
  so , which is the better pick ? 
  i dont understand , why couldnt he get it out ? 
  good . 
  i 'd rather we not all blow our loads on 9/15 and like luke suggested in one of the interviews , all experience the raid together, 
  if its on day 1 then people would be rushing to do it first and not everyone on our fireteams would be able to play it because some people have lives, 
  the raid didnt launch with vanilla , the hard more crota wasnt on day 1 , and this shouldnt be either, 
  dude , the vault of glass was n't available on 9/14 why would you expect the new big raid to be on launch day as well ? 
  they are always parcelled out in some fashion, 
  exactly .
