  only guardians are brought back from the dead , not like ... the cryptarch or random people ( right ? ), 
  are you seriously that daft ? 
  obviously the distributor would n't sell at a loss , this is a standard for western first world economies , do n't go around using yen or pesos as an example . 
  are you for real ? 
  at least theyre doing something , just had a strike where a level 30 sat at the beginning of the map and let us two other guys do the whole strike, 
  freakin people should be booted ( and yes , i reported ), 
  well , i was concerned xur was breaking the game but giving out so many exotics for so cheap . 
  i guess if he gives the same shit every week then it 's no loss . 
  the anger in this thread is beautiful . 
  yes , yes ... 
  lucky raspberry is the best exotic chest in the game . 
  such a cool looking mask but the perks do nothing for me so it just sits there in my vault ... waiting ... watching ... 
  [ what the hell did i just read ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mrmxflunto ), 
  well , the vendor is n't , since she mentions how amazing it is to see so many guardians up close or something similar . 
  there arent many npcs at all or even background npcs so its hard to really flesh it out . 
  so they should do the uk a favor and sell it for less than the price point they know works ? 
  it 's 20 . 
  20 dollars , 20 euros , and 20 pounds . 
  on a flipped perspective , us canadians should be thankful that it 's not $ 36 ( 20 pounds converted to dollars ) . 
  we 're getting a great deal !, 
  do the sparrow upgrades xur sells work on the timebreaker ? 
  you sound mad . 
  usually happens when people get frustrated to prove a nonsensical point . 
  you 're not very witty , hate to break it to you . 
  i always wait at the chest for the guy behind me to catch up . 
  usually dance too so whoever will see it in the left-corner text as a green light . 
  guy i was farming with sent me a party invite so we could chat during the session to break the monotony of it all . 
  cool guy . 
  we do strikes now . 
  the russian empire ceased to be in 1917, 
  thanks for this thread , was reading about the season 4-1 connection and its great reading the other connections , like this one, 
  opposite of cream or opposite of egg ? 
  i think we need to break this down and reverse engineer the flavor, 
  he didnt actually say that in the quote . 
  another flub from a russian owned paper . 
  palestinians are just arabs , and israel is surrounded by hostile arabs . 
  you sound like the batshit crazy racist , though, 
  bubble is op in control , didnt need a long essay to tell me that, 
  the point of the list was to show that they are extremists , not left or right, 
  besides , extreme left vs. extreme right isnt a whole lot of different when it boils down to it . 
  both want to impose authoritarianism , both want to take away freedoms and liberty , and both are violent . 
  yes , but these are real stalinist communists , not hyperbole, 
  it 's not , but i can understand why breaking your pre-conceived notions hurts your head, 
  in title it was , but that 's the point - left and right are relative, 
  you clearly need to read up more on this stuff, 
  id be fine getting rid of my 360 if i could take red dead redemption with me , i want to play it again some day, 
  if you dont think the nazis were socialists then you 're just simply ignorant , sorry, 
  but they are forced to because theres a cap, 
  i 'm that guy . 
  crazy . 
  so far ive only had good experiences . 
  well , one time some french guys got pissed we were wiping but we had no idea what they were saying , but it sounded derogatory . 
  what storytelling ? 
  i never experienced those problems , personally, 
  when you stop cheesing, 
  just checked , these are selling on ebay from $ 30-50, 
  wow, 
  can always try the dlc raid to get the trophy ... i guess ... 
  seriously , they need to fix that shit , i feel bad for you guys, 
  so it was part of russian sfsr from 1917-1954 , and then part of ukraine from 1954-present, 
  so what 's your point ? 
  you sound jelly of my * shitty * blog , seeing as i have millions of views and you spam reddit with russian garbage for minimum wage . 
  love the world altering events idea . 
  honestly , ive done everything in the game now and grinded to infinity . 
  i was googling last night to see when trials of osiris or the iron banner is coming ... i shouldnt have to . 
  there should always be a weekly event or at the most bi-weekly ( or heck , have events run for two weeks at a time ) so that there is something fresh to work on . 
  right now there is nothing . 
  it 's not like these events are original : iron banner is just crucible but with a couple pieces of armor to be rewarded with . 
  give us some variety, 
  the game is so limited . 
  it needs at least twice as many campaign missions , and twice as many strikes . 
  most of the armor are re-skins , and most of the models are dedicated to sub-20 sets that nobody needs . 
  why is everything so sterile once you reach the end game ? 
  they really should have considered the continuity of the story more . 
  i mean , we have these story missions which make no sense , and then we finish the game , and we get bounties ... to re do things from the past ? 
  they could have at least changed some assets up and scrapped the cutscenes / descriptions to repackage those missions so its not deja vu . 
  then explain how awoken could have been there if they are a result of post-collapse evolution, 
  even the cars on venus are from the 90s, 
  why does my exo surrender his gun when the awoken asshole puts a knife to his throat ? 
  the same people who designed the exos designed the death star, 
  at least 30 bucks, 
  why couldnt all this info be in the game ? 
  this is great, 
  its just titanfall without the titans, 
  what story ? 
  cod 's campaign is 3hrs long, 
  when faming for relic iron , i put this on my mic for my party, 
  they get so confused , but i dont care, 
  sick !, 
  im still waiting for my dead orbit one ... some day ... 
  this is true, 
  i agree with the notion that the gameplay is just that good . 
  it feels great , and pvp is great . 
  i 've not been this hooked on a shooter ... ever maybe ; and prior to this i barely played anything . 
  the criticisms are valid . 
  the story mode is awful , the ai blows , the bounties and quests they send you on for end game content suck and are a grind , and theres nothing to suck you into the world . 
  the raid is amazing , and if you have people to play with and enjoy co-op or pvp , it 's a terrific game . 
  okay then why did the fallen bring spears to a gunfight ? 
  like you said , this was the * golden age * .
