  hence my opening statement , jackass, 
  cool , did not know that, 
  you would n't say that to my face in destiny, 
  whats the problem ? 
  i do n't use headphones so i guess i never realized, 
  would explain the leak with the ` union ' gear, 
  that became my favorite gun in the game for pvp, 
  then they need to make a new weapon class called mega-awesome and make it take super long to get it, 
  basically , g-horn level rareness or better, 
  who died and made you king , man ? 
  it was a long hunt for many people . 
  xur makes exotics much less exotic . 
  you and i both know nobody bought it then, 
  i think i was up there for suis at one point too, 
  i took screenshots and put them into an album, 
  can not unsee . 
  well , i already hated the hunter helm , so no loss . 
  ends up it looks pretty slick with the murdered out shader, 
  smiley problem solved, 
  its a great , great move . 
  fragmentation sucks and this means that the db maps will be in regular rotation , meaning less repetitive control matches and db maps for iron boner, 
  the problem with the tower is that it only has so many people in the lobby at one time . 
  to effectively form teams , you need to have a huge pool of potential applicants in one place . 
  really ? 
  you need tbd to play iron banner full of stock maps ? 
  yeah , so what happens , do the stats scale up or do they lock in at their current levels ? 
  no it hasnt . 
  are you ? 
  its simple shit like this that really makes me question bungie 's competence . 
  this should have been in the game on release . 
  development starts with whiteboarding and mockups . 
  hunter helm isnt after landing , its mid-air . 
  death from above !, 
  everyone 's accuracy is god awful while in the air . 
  have you ever tried it ? 
  that 's what makes this perk so amazing . 
  i dont see how it would unbalance the game , it 's an exotic , they are meant to shake things up . 
  considering it has a bird like look , and considering the description ( that its a pilot helmet ) i cant imagine it not being meant for guys who are airborne . 
   built from a golden age combat pilot sensorium , it orients the brain during sharp maneuvers . 
  that symbol is on all of their armor , its the symbol of osiris ( the guy from destiny , not the actual god 's symbol ), 
  ... how did you not see it on the titan ? 
  icarus is clearly the exotic perk for the hunter helm, 
  didnt they nerf ap rounds for pvp ? 
  but is n't icarus the exotac bonus ? 
  at least , i 'm assuming it 's the new version and the one we know is just old db data, 
   significantly increases your weapons accuracy for a short time after jumping . 
  yeah , if stacked , holy moly, 
  it made sense to make pulse rifles better , but it didnt make sense to make ars so much worse . 
  it just turned the tables , rather than equalized them . 
  that 's not a bad idea . 
  maybe definitely something to re-roll for come how . 
  right now i finally started getting stuck on red death, 
  maybe , but i checked [ his ] ( https://www.bungie.net/en/legend/1/4611686018433117712/2305843009215225996#context=all&amp;section=none ) [ stats ] ( https://destinytracker.com/destiny/player/xbox/tcochran07 ) and he kept playing yesterday , legit ( not well , but he competed ), 
  we 're twins . 
  maybe it is the vault of glass - did you ever consider that ? 
  how do you know its not a simulation ? 
  second question then : i plugged the modmic directly into the xbox adapter and am getting no mic signal . 
  online i 'm seeing now that i may need to also use the provided 2.5f-to-2 .5 m mm adapter , and on top of that i guess a 3.5-to-2 .5 to plug the damn mic in, 
  or will the startech adapter work without this hassle ? 
  hey , im having a problem too - i plug the modmic directly into the xbox controller adapter and nobody can hear me , is it the same for you ? 
  omg hive on mars, 
  aliens in sand, 
  dune crabs, 
  my friend made the observation last night that destiny is probably the only game ever where the antagonists have literally zero lines of dialog . 
  this is the first one i didnt sit through, 
  and i think aksor called me a cocksucker, 
  so , you could have skipped vog and ce , go buy vendor armor thats automatically 32 light without even putting materials into it . 
  on one hand its worse than ce 's mess up , because it requires less work ; and on the other its slightly not as bad , because you 're at raid level , not 1 level above what we worked for . 
  true , but getting the shards made the process a bit longer , and you still had to , you know , raid for it, 
  i thought about it but the thing is , the temple is level 28 , vog is 26 , and ce is 30, 
  they are n't being held back from content , so from an accessibility standpoint , 32 is overkill, 
  there 's a point there , level cant be used as an indicator of experience with the vendor system, 
  it doesnt , i 'm just discussing the merits of the progression system, 
  some of my friends said when ce came out `` screw it , i 'll wait for how to drop and just bypass this grind and get better gear than you '' and they were right, 
   it also lets people who have n't been playing since launch catch up, 
  but , catch up to what ? 
  the entry level for end game activities is still fairly low, 
  but at least with ib you need to put some work in and have the shards / materials to get that gear to level 32 . 
  dude , chill , people are allowed to have different opinions from you . 
  what would your reaction be if bungie added micro-transactions and people could buy all the best guns in the game off the bat ? 
   you still have n't really explained how not having level 32 vendor gear is better for anyone in anyway, 
  then just make everyone 35 and call it a day . 
  i answered your question . 
  you want everyone to be the same level because progression does n't matter in the game . 
  your argument is clouded with rhetoric about elitism because you 're skirting around the issue . 
   new players should have an equivalent time to max level as you did in vanilla destiny . 
  time to max level should not just keep growing endlessly . 
  it absolutely should . 
  you ca n't add expansions and at the same time make the levelling completion time the same . 
  no other games does what you 're suggesting . 
  there is also no tangible benefit for the potential new user to have level 32 gear when all end game activities are level 30 or below . 
  vendor gear should , logically , get a user to level 30 , no more . 
  if you want a higher level to play on harder difficulties ( like diablo , for example ) you should have to unlock those through continued progression . 
   i will ask very simply , why is maintaining vanilla and previous expansion progression beneficial ? 
  i 've asked 3 times now , and you are the one skirting the issue , trying to answer the question with a question or just saying you 've already answered without actually doing so . 
  it 's beneficial because it gives gamers a clear path of progression and a carrot to keep playing and earn further unlocks . 
  what , in your opinion , is the benefit of erasing player progress and putting every one on the same level ? 
  why have a light level system at all if the goal is to have every one on the same level regardless ? 
  answer that . 
   nearly every one removes steps from the progression path at endgame when expansions are released .
