  what 's better , sleeper or exotic arc sword ? 
  full clip damage, 
  dude , you 're luke skywalker, 
  yeah but how many hits does a heavy arc sword connet with ? 
  it 's a flurry of 370s per hit when i tested on omnigul , while the sleeper is 3700 crit . 
  im using that one , seems worth it since scabbard only gives you 2 extra hits, 
  just r2, 
  ghorn is better than the arc sword ? 
  using swords and no tether we down her in like 12 seconds, 
  havent noticed this to be true, 
  fired up a strike , guy immediately quit , just had to 2 man it the rest of the way, 
  xb : mister rahool, 
  if you 're still down, 
  what do you mean by `` detonate the same orb '' ? 
  feel dumb blowing 100 sc last week on junk ... 
  praise him, 
  ca n't it be both ? 
  ah , didnt know anyone would even try that, 
  having only 3 daily ib bounties is such a drag . 
  i miss getting the 10k 10 kill streak bounty , or all the other ones . 
  these ones are done so fast . 
  sunbreaker is broken as fuck, 
  i ca n't even process in my head how bungie allowed god-mode as an option for pvp . 
  completely destroys the game . 
  it 's such a frustrating joke . 
  he said they were still broken after the patch ? 
  i didnt listen to the whole thing , but i remember him saying it was broken and that 's why 2.0.1 was fixing it , not that 2.0.1 was useless and it 'd still be broken after it, 
  he just said to me on twitter that removing shot package makes them less consistent , and that they are `` not done working on shotguns '', 
  fwiw, 
  jon weisnewski just replied to me about this topic on twitter :, 
   ** shot package being gone will make long range 1hks less consistent , but they are still possible . 
  we 're not done working on sgs . 
  so for what it 's worth , shot package was more about consistency and 1hks while moving , not about range , it seems . 
  this is all new to me because i 'm not a shotgun user, 
  i 've yet to see anything drop, 
  had to google her , she started some public access conspiracy show, 
  multiply that by the hundreds of segments she 's made ... a multiverse of eternities , all lasting 3 minutes, 
  a triangle, 
  with a dot, 
  it 's a rather odd choice to associate with a network that airs actual conspiratards if you want to make conspiracy satire, 
  yeah it 's from rt america, 
  as a pvp player , no , absolutely not . 
  it used to be 1 legendary gun a day ( ie , party crasher , spare change , etc. 
  ) , now since ttk came out i 've gotten a grand total of 2 legendary weapon drops, 
  sad but true, 
  having god mode really ruins pvp ... i mean , outside of the infinite shadowshots , sunbreakers are right up there, 
  my numbers dropped off in a big way , and i 'm not even a shotgun or hand cannon user, 
  dunno what it is, 
  i feel you . 
  they need to have better avenues to getting those gun archetypes they phased out . 
  skorris is great , i love it , but the grasp of malok is the only way right now , and that requires massive grinding to get one and you may even get shitty perks on it . 
  i think a lot of this could be resolved with better vendor selection or rotating stock . 
  but because of its range and blast radius , and ability to just keep throwing ( unlike golden gun ) , running isnt even an option most of the time, 
  and any super that requires everyone on a team to just run away from an entire half of the map is straight up broken, 
  i can still get them but consistency is out the window . 
  2 days ago i was back in action , yesterday was the worst day i 've had in months . 
  russia today , america ... tomorrow !, 
  * chuckles sovietly *, 
  i agree to an extent . 
  i 'm hoping moving forward infusion stays and that the 2.0 cleansing was just to purge out all their mistakes and start fresh , not something that will happen annually . 
   with sunbreaker that 's an entirely different story , you can not outplay a sunbreaker and this irks me the most . 
  blade dancer , if it 's 2v1 , you can teamshoot and take him down before he gets close . 
  sunbreaker takes more than 2 guys shooting him , and does n't need to bother getting close . 
  gunslinger , no overshielding , headshot and he 's dead . 
  fist of havoc is only close range , one shot . 
  defender bubble , goes without saying , it 's a risky game to dance in there . 
  you can die if you are n't skilled at your bubble game . 
  novabomb , basically just 1 hammer with wider radius . 
  one shot . 
  radiance ... well it 's kinda like the titan , if it had no hammers and less shields . 
  lol . 
  obviously can die . 
  i use shotgun for deathsingers since i 'm floor cleanup / floater . 
  sniper is useless for adds here if you have malice . 
  raid fusion is like the worst fusion in the game, 
  you 're part of the problem, 
  they are usually on the bottom of the scorecard , i 've noticed, 
  well no , i wouldnt be using the raid hc in this situation so it 's a lost point . 
  they broke everything by introducing this stupid class . 
  they are obligated to fix this disaster . 
  the only solution if you dont want to nerf it would be to have a sunbreaker-only mode and quarantine you guys off from the rest of the balanced classes . 
  i take it you 're a former felwinter/ram/firebolt / last word glitcher, 
  suuuure, 
  i wish crucible was balanced and junk like this wasnt possible, 
  i guess the same people who read sputnik , or more likely those who are contrarian hipsters who will eat up anything that is n't `` mainstream media '', 
  i agree , shoulda done both in one , to epitomize the entire banana , not just this one aspect, 
  still amazing, 
   and i still do n't see the problem with hammer of sol . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , run or learn to counter instead of whinging . 
  saying `` run '' is admitting to how broken it is . 
  if an entire fireteam of 6 has to run , it 's broken , admit it . 
  you forgot that they also regenerate their health after every kill , on top of the overshield, 
  i think 3 hammers & removing the health regen perk altogether is a good balance to bring it in line with golden gun / nova bomb, 
  no other super in the game requires all 6 players on your fireteam to scatter like mice in fear, 
  you can shut down a blade dancer solo , absolutely , but you ca n't shut down a sunbreaker , even with two people it 's rough ( and often results in 1 dying , and the sunbreaker getting his health back anyway , negating the attack ), 
  `` let 's take the best part of every super in the game , combine them , and take away the negatives '', 
  `` you mean like a golden-gun-nova-bomb but without the 1-3 shot limit , with hungering blade and radiance overshield ? '', 
  `` exactly ! '', 
  i mentioned nova bomb !, 
  and if he hits both triggers he can do a fist of havoc , but with fire,
