  you are n't even purebread !, 
  you 're the product of rape , your genetics are disqualified !, 
  not really , scene kids followed emos right ? 
  kids these days are kids these days, 
  kins these days ? 
  it 's something else, 
  trans person who is a friend of a friend explained on a fb post that picking a gender is like finding a pair of new pair of pants, 
  she calls them guy friends and then groans with having to reject them with tact and compassion, 
  really ? 
  these are your `` friends '' ? 
  trigger warning for manipulation ? 
  its just making a mockery of actual ptsd now, 
  or they call her a pig , and who does n't love bacon !? 
  trolling successful, 
  i agree with this theory , i too felt that lag was present despite 11/12 bars being green and the guy killing me with the through-the-wall bullets was also a fellow green, 
  i guess they have no problem with the japanese overwhaling ? 
  can someone explain 2-seat manspreading to me ? 
  as a guy i have no problem using a bus/train and obviously dont buy 2 seats every time i fly on an airplane, 
  obviously its more comfortable to get some room but my boys arent being assaulted by my thighs or anything, 
  i once went 4 hours with no drops to the fireteam, 
  also got 2 back to back, 
  its like a .8 % drop rate, 
  `` get the legendary edition for $ 60 which includes the first two raids which youll never play '', 
  feels before reals, 
  here 's my `` pragmatic view of nudity '' :, 
  * i ai n't hitting that . 
  great observation, 
  yeah , heavy ammo ruins 3 v 3, 
   literally only designed around heavy ammo denial, 
  its ridiculously op in its current state , both the range and especially the duration , and the armor makes it silly too, 
  getting killed twice by the same stormtrance is a pretty common thing , it 's so stupid, 
  i think its silly in its current state , i dont think you nerf every aspect of it . 
  is the armor currently higher than hammer of sol ? 
  that got a decent nerf where it 's got a bonus but it 's not juggernaut level . 
  i think stormcaller should be at bladedancer level , right now it feels way tankier . 
  as a full time fusion rifle user , i love these moments, 
  infusion is great when you 're below 300 - itll always drop near your light level or higher . 
  once you get over 300 , you get 310 exotics but everything else is still a wild card . 
  if you 're 318 you should have a very high possibility of getting 320 drops , it should always inch you closer to the end goal the more you play . 
  how do you die ? 
  i always stay until after the counter goes / call out, 
  ive done this many times, 
  only 600 kills ? 
  lol noobs, 
  - wants to grow crops in everyone 's yard, 
  - complains that grass requires constant maintenance, 
  3oc and glass needles , the double whammy, 
  disagree , us hardcore players need something to do . 
  i have a friend who had to start a new xbox live account so he could play 3 more characters just so we could truly see how his k/d would be if he started over with nothing . 
  just because the average person doesnt need it , doesnt mean many wouldnt like it . 
  next they 'll say jerking off is a gayway to rape, 
  then where is white power bill ? 
  all i can think of is hansel in zoolander 2, 
  i have no idea whats going on in this thing, 
  please tell me you tore this down . 
  we should change it to mean only systemic prejudice between black and hispanic people . 
  take whites completely out of the loop . 
  replace caucasians/white with jews and you know how that reads, 
  no other race is destroying the ozone layer and poisoning water ? 
  ever been to china ? 
  no other race is destroying the ozone layer and poisoning water ? 
  ever been to china ? 
  sing me the song of your [ autistic ] people, 
  i forget , but why cant blacks be racist to koreans ? 
  i remember that thread, 
  this omg this do this pls, 
  the internet is a breeding ground for rapists . 
  she should stay off the internet . 
  to be safe . 
  because they love redefining words, 
  now native means ethnically indigenous ? 
  this never happend . 
  she 's not even anorexic , she 's just thin and attractive and healthy looking . 
  this is just disgusting commentary by some ham planets . 
  shut up mom , you ca n't tell me what do do , mom, 
  literally the holocaust, 
  because white people control the world . 
  two most powerful nations in the world : the usa ( 60 % white ) and china ( 0 % white ), 
  but ... yeah ... go on ... 
  we were supposed to eat them ? 
  this thread sucks and could be summarized as such : braced frame or gtfo . 
  you 'll never convince * them * of that , though . 
  do n't even try reminding them of all the wars between different european ethnicities over the ages . 
  i 'm just a bitter full time fusion user, 
  i dont care about 320 , they 'll release the next update and up the light level cap to 330 and suddenly getting 320 will be as easy as playing iron boner, 
  i literally laughed out loud, 
  in china they hate white people ( call us monkeys , go figure ), 
  in japan , they hate everyone who is n't pure blood japanese ( they were allied with the nazis for a reason i guess lol ), 
  yeah that 's more what i mean, 
  though japanese racism can get pretty hateful from what i understand, 
  that 's why they have `` no ~ ~ whites ~ ~ foreigners allowed '' restaurants . 
  because they are curious . 
  you know destiny has fallen on hard times when they get the motw from 2 months ago . 
  i never understood the anti-id stance . 
  in canada you need ids , we 're way more to the left , and everyone has them and nobody has ever , ever complained about some minority or socio economic class being discriminated against . 
  my cousin vinny is far from boring . 
  the original ghosbusters used stereotypes as well . 
  the thing is , while those characters were based in certain moulds , they were interesting characters . 
  this movie just looks like lazy writing , barebones stereotypes by the numbers . 
  if winston was played by richard pryor instead of ernie hudson , then this would be that .
