  thesan is a 4 bolt , 196 damage is it not ? 
  it 's most people though , just not all, 
  zzzzzero hedge zzzzzzz, 
  denzel washington , actually . 
  i dated one and then her friend who was even more off the deep end . 
  i was 18 and more tolerant . 
  totally agree , good poast, 
  this brings to mind raids . 
  we get a raid emblem , and everyone wears it for a week ... then we go back to what we want . 
  we want to show off that we completed the raid , but there 's no permanent way to do it . 
  just temporarily wearing the emblem . 
  there needs to be a better system to show how much of an achiever you are . 
  one guy was doing this yesterday , camping with icebreaker and strangers rifle on classic 6 v 6 , pub stomping and waving to everyone he killed, 
  so me and my friend returned the favor the next round , waving , waving , waving, 
  but is n't this argument like saying glasses `` dont change the fact that you 're blind '' ? 
  are deaf people always 100 % deaf ? 
  or is it like blindness , where you can be legally blind but not literally seeing nothing but blackness, 
  i love how assuming a man is a man is `` counter productive '', 
  counter productive to what ? 
  i have no idea what i 'm watching . 
  i 'm so confused . 
  the no knight strat is so easy i dont know how anyone could fuck it up, 
  we had a guy on our team who would always get hit by the tomb ship, 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  shut the fuck up about moon men , op, 
  i get shwifty every time i kill oryx, 
  oh , my guy was n't a runner , just a platform-sitter who refused to look both ways before crossing the street, 
  how . 
  why are the bombs not killing him ? 
  if you dont make it back into the aura before the bombs go off , you die ( along with all enemies outside the aura ) . 
  this is so old . 
  how i see hammer of sol in crucible, 
  their instagram is one big safe space, 
  it 's called a joke, 
  never been on / r/tumblrinaction ? 
   my grandmother 's grandmother was a slave . 
  i spent many years living with her . 
  how is this even possible ? 
  `` we the one who build da pipes under here baby '', 
  no you did n't . 
  no other slavery counts . 
  dating your own race is xenophobic racism . 
  dating other races is fetishization . 
  it 's lose/lose . 
  a camper is someone who goes to the back of shores of time , every single life , just to snipe all map, 
  i always start every week off at 2/5 done , dont know why, 
  i agree . 
  i can still do great with an ar , but the ttk ca n't compete with pulses which also excel at all ranges, 
  often im hitting crits and just die immediately , it 's not a fair match 1 on 1, 
  the worst thing hampering blade dancer is lag , so often when using your super it hits but doesnt kill, 
  22 % drop rate ? 
  that 's the normal drop rate, 
  lol , is this a troll thread ? 
  so you did 100 coins and only got 5 ? 
  beautiful . 
  i 've never had a cold streak like that , i 'm consistently one in every five . 
  i once went 9 without but then got two . 
  always averages out for me fast . 
  i base all my numbers off of a run of 120 i did once . 
  courtney is a cold hearted bitch . 
  exactly . 
  people always cite wow as an example of how you outdate content with new releases , but wow comes out with a new game every few years , these destiny expansions are separated by months . 
  `` cis cult '', 
   destiny 's leveling mechanics make it much easier to keep old content relevant compared to other mmos - so it 's pretty silly of bungie to throw that advantage away . 
  but i agree, 
  i like it !, 
  thanks for the tip , now i 'll have my fusion rifle ready for round 1 when i get home, 
  get the standard xbox mic that came with your console and stop over complicating this shit . 
  do n't waste your money on `` astros '' or other overpriced junk if you dont have to , and also dont use a freaking kinect . 
  if you 're not part of an oppressed group , you contribute to their oppression ? 
  chinese people are not native americans , ergot , chinamen are the issue . 
  i 'm an audiophile snob . 
  i 'd rather use tv speakers and the default xbox 1-ear headset for chat than use that stuff . 
  did you not get the pop up ? 
  mida never left the crucible , people just got stupid and started using y2 weapons, 
  everyone gets it , i do n't have a tumblr, 
  yes . 
  the shaders should apply to all classes , and the class items should be infusable and not take up an exotic slot . 
  the emotes were great ( hammer time was never overshadowed by anything ! ) . 
  if they fix the above two , and they absolutely should , it would be worth the 20 . 
  but since they likely wont , then yes , i regret the purchase in terms of value/return . 
  it was a real bait n switch to put locks on those items . 
  strange coin ftw, 
   i have a message for this young man and all others who care to listen . 
  that feeling of discomfort you have after listening to a sermon is called a conscience !, 
  this is a good line . 
  still want to do it ? 
  like 30gb + free , but if there was n't space for dvr clips wouldnt it just delete the old ones ? 
  technically speaking , i dont see why clips would have arbitrary cut off points if it was a disk issue, 
  think its the new update ? 
  agreed . 
  when i play rumble with a fireteam , it 's against friends , and we get competitive as hell against eachother . 
  some of the most fun i can have in pvp . 
  does n't appear to be related to that ( cutting out dashboard , spoilers , etc. ), 
  example , i took a video of me getting a nice kill in pvp . 
  i then stopped in awe and hit record . 
  when i went to go watch it , it goes up to the point right before i pulled the trigger and ended , and it was like 27 seconds . 
  so whats the problem,
