  how do you plan to get a refund for content that was never advertised to you ? 
  you bought dlc , not raids, 
  yes , and the last dlc had a raid . 
  where did they flat out say a raid was included ? 
  i know its expected but its not like they lied flat out, 
  love how i 'm getting negged , they know it 's true . 
  we 've even seen in the leaked data that a 6 player `` reef raid '' is part of the game, 
  i dont have a problem with it . 
  i 'm going to call them on giving us more incomplete content and rushing things out / cutting things out to make deadlines . 
  it 's true . 
  i can criticize . 
  but i dont have a problem with the content they laid out today . 
  for a $ 20 dlc i guess its not bad so long as they handle the pvp shit right . 
  well , if we can upgrade legendary gear to endgame quality , that 's as good as transmog, 
  amen, 
  im in the 1000 + hour club . 
  ive got my moneys worth and then some . 
  i 'll get my moneys worth with the new dlc . 
  but let 's be real here . 
  in the comet expansion, 
  you 're right and i 've been vocal about wanting transmog , but i 'll take what i can get at this point . 
  jeep stuff . 
  better than the one in the game, 
  we need the `` predator and prey pack '' but its not out yet, 
  now we just need to retweet you to seal the deal, 
  i dont even have a 300 fatebringer . 
  my two other raid buddies dont have it either . 
  we 've completed the vog infinite times . 
  okay less than infinite but still a lot !, 
  thatd be amazing !, 
  playing w2 for the first time right now , whatever happens , happens !, 
  i just started w2 on the weekend , dont think ill ever play w1, 
  does it hold up to time ? 
  who needs a trap when i have a robust silver sword ? 
  thread would be legit if game was on uplay, 
  maybe it 's a sith empire symbol or something along those lines ? 
  could the chrometrooper be kylo ren 's apprentice or the other way around ? 
  oh god i hate her, 
   if marijuana profits are greater than incarcerations, 
  incarcerations cost money , they dont make money . 
  yes , it costs the government money . 
  regulating weed = generate money, 
  incarcerate people = spend money, 
  that private prisons make money isnt really part of the equation . 
  and incarceration costs money , it doesnt make money . 
  that private companies benefit from this is irrelevant because it 's still sunk cost for the government . 
  first thing that came to mind : http://www.voxlumiere.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/9.jpg, 
  can they complete if they are isolated dicks ? 
  how do you know they complete if they are only the dick with no balls ? 
  this is why i bought a console . 
  xbl  pc online gaming . 
  the graphics hit is like getting kicked in the balls , but at least i have people to talk to while i cup them . 
  is there a leprechaun 's dick guarding a pot of them at the end of the rainbow ? 
  sure , but corruption is entirely off topic . 
  nobody is saying corruption is good . 
  in 1050 hours , can confirm , never happened , ever, 
  yes . 
  they are correcting their mistakes and he 's one of the biggest ones . 
  clean slate for the next game , try something else . 
  all of this for a gun i sharded and xur will obviously sell again / you 'll get it in a drop, 
  how was this based on that book in any way ? 
  i kept all of mine because i expected bungie to add transmog in the future, 
  we haunt bungie like they haunted us, 
  which scene is this from ? 
  praise him !, 
  and here we all thought they 'd be lazy and just make it a white re-skin of obsidian mind, 
  only problem is the ram 's perk is kinda crappy, 
   activating radiance from death disorients nearby enemies . 
  i 've been hard on you guys but clearly it paid off . 
  i know , you 'll say you do n't know who i am , but we both know how the ball started rolling on these updates . 
  what questlines ? 
  lol, 
  yup . 
  only saving grace is that that original vanguard helmet is gone from the game so future players wo n't know that dirty secret . 
  yeah , pvp could be interesting , depends on the radius . 
  respawn , everyone goes blind , melee kill everyone on the control point . 
  praise him . 
  good point , could be more practical in an arena setting where you 're more prone to being surrounded, 
  or that perk is old data like the image and it might be something new and exciting when they release it, 
  `` bachelor 's degree in communications , public relations , ** zoology , firefighting ** , or equivalent , demonstrable life experience '', 
  yeah , this is why my warlock is my engram dump now , got ta feed the hadronic monkey, 
  exotac will be great . 
  when you jump you ca n't hit anything , if this means you can double jump through the air and pick people off , not only are you a hard target but you 're a murderer . 
  or crucible, 
  or maybe the arena ? 
  triple jump for blade dancers with massively increased height, 
  yeah , it 's a good perk, 
  the helm is also great , it lets you shoot targets while jumping , death from above, 
  since its a raid weapon , and those dont get reskinned , i think its safe to say weapon shaders are coming, 
  trust the mida touch, 
  the issue then is that if you want to send something to the vault , you need to remember which vault its in, 
  and then you have the app and website ... send stuff to vault , which vault ? 
  seems it would be too confusing, 
  this and mida multi will make me literally the best destiny player in the world, 
  when it was in the db i thought it 'd be in ce and i was all hyped for it , only to end up with the stupid arachnid and its useless perk, 
  i 've basically retired third man but raspberry will be tough to beat , but i think this could give it a run for its money just on fun factor alone, 
  we did not like it, 
  i hope you 're joking, 
  it 'll have a triangle, 
  not if you want to have a giant vault full of them and go swimming in them scrooge mcduck style,
