   as a result , bungie is beholden to its original destiny customers, 
  i did not . 
  they have none . 
  others have brought up the moral aspect , which i think is stupid . 
  that analogy makes no sense, 
  your analogy still makes zero sense . 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges here , obsolete consoles with current gen. 
  if sony got exclusive rights to destiny for an expansion , it would suck , but it 's as fair as any other franchise getting exclusivity , like tomb raider . 
  most of the exotics are already based off other gear . 
  hunter arms are old shit with bugs glued on one arm , for example . 
  i found gauntlets for my warlock that looked like samurai shit , eventually gave up and sharded them, 
  cue people yelling `` headglitching peice of shit ! '', 
  now, 
  people consider it cheating, 
  i have a lot of weapon parts but id love to know i can just cash in marks to get more if i feel the need to go on a re-roll spree, 
  oh , i agree, 
  looking at the armory , i think what i 'm remembering is the tengu operant iii, 
   oh the glitches !!!!, 
  this, 
  id love to hear one of the devs explain how gorgons ( or their effect at least ) can just randomly spawn in the middle of a boss encounter, 
  are you suggesting destiny has a mind of its own ? 
  that it 's trying ... to communicate ? 
  nice, 
  yeah , we tried that last night ... 
  not a bad idea, 
  nope , sorry . 
  i already got hit by the blast ( health was at 1 % ) , i didnt know there was a lil ' straggler waiting, 
  i admit i looked at it and can account for 5 of the 6 of us in the clip during times vengeance , but this was already a ) our second teleport and b ) the guy unaccounted for was the [ greenest in the group ] ( http://destinytracker.com/dg/2964983698 ) so the suggestion he wizarded his way back to gorgons is just a non-starter imo, 
  oh totally , normally i 'm the one who takes out the shrieker so i was actually running in to do it when someone else popped it , so i ran out ( caught the void in the back ) and hung around the corner to regen health, 
  they need to do more episodes a year though , the current rate is too low ... 
  definitely not the latter , i asked one of the guys about it last night and we had already wiped once , and this happened after 2nd teleport . 
  i think it was just the gorgon effect that started , not a physical gorgon ( at least , nobody said they saw one ), 
  i checked with the group , we had already wiped once before this , not to mention this was after 2nd teleport . 
  i think the music in the game is pretty mediocre , i usually play with the music on mute now, 
  it 's so slow and boring , kind of like poe in general, 
  perfect, 
  wait , did mobhit get teleported in with you three ? 
  he 's not in the atheon vid but his gamertag hows up for crosxs in the future ( venus ), 
  well his gt is to the upper right , like he 's at the portal , gorgons would be way up and to the left , no ? 
  my best guess, 
  shut up and take my money, 
  jon went from knowing nothing to knowing everything, 
  she fucked her way into power in season 1 , and it just went from there, 
  lots of scouts get the fullauto/explosive/firefly treatment . 
  lotp does the same thing ( voc model ) or the dead orbit one ( higher rate of fire ), 
  hrs is in the middle , it is like the mida . 
  poe 35 takes 1 hour , everything else takes substantially less . 
   consider that some people have a limited time at a sitting . 
  those people will never even get the opportunity to `` practice '' so that they can get better, 
  oh cry me a river . 
  this is like trials again . 
  people crying that they want the rewards without investing the time in beating the objectives . 
  the entitlement is astounding . 
  she 's playing team america world police right now , invading these lands , then installing puppet regimes . 
  once she pulls her troops out , new warlords or the old regimes claw their way back to power . 
  she fails to make lives better for the places she conquers , just leaves them savaged by war . 
  and while she tries to hang on to power and ` her people ' all she really cares about is more power and taking the iron throne . 
  all she cares about is riding into westeros and waging war , all based on birthright and not the popular sentiment she tries to play off of in the east . 
  she wants to return to the west and be just another master she deposed in the east . 
  arrogance ? 
  doing level 35 is not some huge hurdle to overcome , people do it all the time , quit making it out to be some white whale for the majority of destiny players , as if bungie is making it unfair `` forcing '' them to play a hard mode that is too hard for them , or whatever your point is, 
  but ... just plug your controller in ? 
  that 's just how long it takes , nothing ` elitist ' about it . 
  that 's the base time , and anything more has to do with how many times you fuck up and wipe , which could be infinite , it could be 1 , it 's entirely up to you . 
   and yes , i believe that people should be entitled to the opportunity to play the game that they purchased . 
  and they are , so what 's your point ? 
  personally , i 'm in favor of the proposed cp system where you can only join in a game that 's as far as your card allows , and not directly to the end or anything that could be abused like crota/atheon . 
  i think the current format is fine , maybe in the next expansion they could make a new challenge mode that is based more on a grind of wins than a streak . 
  iron banner kind of already does this , only giving you points for wins . 
  uhhhhh , no, 
  and i was hungover, 
  you 're confusing ` participate ' and ` beat ', 
  i agree, 
  so the same department that handles crucible bans is also working on ttk content ? 
  i 'm sorry but we need to realize that bungie is a large team and not everyone works on everything in the same capacity, 
  there are people working on the next expansion beyond tk , there are people working on various aspects of tk , and there are people who handle the day to day, 
  just saw that , checked a few of their gts , they are all doing the same thing and have dnfs, 
  this is a really horrible policy . 
  the people who should be banned are the hackers and cheaters , not dtg redditors who are trying to help the community . 
  why doesnt bungie have a too like this ? 
  if someone 's wins are 75 % coming from opposition disconnects , then ban them on the spot . 
  reddit 's mods are not liable for alleged libel of other people, 
  nor is anyone going to file a fucking libel suit over destiny, 
  or maybe flood the #destiny hashtag with lag clips, 
  here 's one that frustrated me : http://i.imgur.com/txd8h53.gifv, 
  and another where i thought i was high : http://i.imgur.com/ocnaxyg.gifv, 
  blinking titan :, 
  and the worst fist of havoc ever :, 
  it 's entitled to demand the game we paid for works as intended more than half the time ? 
  in fairness , fusion rifles used to be insanely op . 
  but i guess it 's bad that they are n't viable anymore , but is this because they are too weak , or because shotguns and hand cannons are too op ? 
  you 've clearly never shot someone with 3 rockets before, 
  come on man , you ca n't be real . 
  the lag is a real . 
  in fairness , i 'll admit that trials has n't been bad at all like regular crucible . 
  ok yeah boycotts are stupid , i thought the idea was to petition ? 
  uhh, 
   to make or present a formal request with respect to a particular cause . 
  well, 
  a ) it 's not always at the start,
