  1 ) has to grind out vog until the gun they want drops, 
  2 ) needs to xp level it up, 
  3 ) needs to grind out all the shards to even level it up, 
  4 ) needs etheric light to get it to 365, 
  5 ) needs to grind and hunt for the elusive [ new material ] to bring it to the current cap, 
  it would be a multi level journey , and if every expansion it would be as rare as a crux to get one of these ascension materials , you would have to think long and hard on what you 'd actually want to carry with it . 
  it would also give you a reason to grind past content if you wanted to keep upgrading a full set . 
  it would also give people a reason to run the old raids , but they 'd know it would be a grind, 
  ie , new player :, 
  1 ) has to grind out vog until the gun they want drops, 
  2 ) needs to xp level it up, 
  3 ) needs to grind out all the shards to even level it up, 
  4 ) needs etheric light to get it to 365, 
  5 ) needs to grind and hunt for the elusive [ new material ] to bring it to the current cap, 
  it would be a multi level journey , and if every expansion it would be as rare as a crux to get one of these ascension materials , you would have to think long and hard on what you 'd actually want to carry with it . 
  it would also give you a reason to grind past content if you wanted to keep upgrading a full set . 
  `` that wont be fair to ps4 users '', 
  what direct quotes ? 
  you keep saying that without any actual proof, 
   since all of this blew up : i can not guarantee all the previous statements are correct, 
  mhmm, 
  he has already deleted the tweet and backtracked, 
  `` here , have a lord of wolves , in 2 months itll be obsolete '', 
  they got enough heat for allowing upgrades in dark below that forced you to reset your xp progression, 
  they fixed that , and they added upgrading legendaries in how ... 
  ... and now they undo all of that ? 
  surely they know they will catch shit for this, 
  bungie does n't have to follow some cookie cutter pattern from mmos , which destiny is n't even, 
  it 's like they think there is an mmo law and bungie will get sued if it does n't follow world of warcraft to a t, 
  other mmos dont have all weapons drop with the same damage , and other mmos dont require you to invest time in upgrading every single weapon you get to use it, 
  in other mmos , you get a sword that is 100 dmg , then a day later you find something that is 107 dmg . 
  in destiny everything is 331 - everything . 
  it then asks you : wha do you want to upgrade ? 
  what do you want to spend time on making your own ? 
  let me quote from game informer :, 
   `` the mechanic extends to exotics a well , allowing players to power up exotic weapons and armor that might have a lower attack or defense value '', 
  it sounds like transmog to me, 
   `` it enables a player to customize the way they want to look , and the weapons they want to use '', 
  that would defeat the purpose of a gun 's stats if you could just hack the ads sensitivity, 
  some guns have better handling than others, 
  more like pocket infinity + feedback fence, 
  i dont see the problem , its fun to have things gated away for later, 
  yes it is the cancer guy has it, 
  i dont think its a frustration , it 's fun to have things that take more than 1 step , or waiting for xur to sell it , or relying on hard rng, 
  exotic bounties are pretty common , getting any of those guns isnt hard, 
  money says he 's a juggalo, 
  no way , i get like one a week or two , definitely enough for an average person to get all of them over the course of a year . 
  it also would n't be double rng , just single, 
  i keep wanting to like my schiit ... 
  not everything in the game needs to be accessible to casual players . 
  it 's good to have hard to find stuff for the hardcore players too . 
  something for everyone . 
  people will complain no matter what . 
  look at trials . 
  sure , they could do something better mechanically , but in this case i 'd like some elusive carrot . 
  i finally got necrochasm . 
  it was a nice feeling to finally get something after so long . 
  have one of their amps , think its awful . 
  they look beautiful and it makes me want to use it , but i can never use it for long . 
  the difference between destiny and normal mmos , is that the guns bungie makes have entirely different feels and can really change your gameplay mechanics . 
  same can be said for a sword you click click click . 
  this is old . 
  3 word bursts , seconds apart, 
  or maybe it was the distress signal the cabal are sending out ? 
  pfft , i can do that with 3 less shots, 
  what ? 
  it 's the best looking chest piece in the game !, 
  i love how it 's a black bullet proof vest with gold studs , so awesome, 
  gross , it should always be black, 
  umm , those are warlock swag, 
  exotics come forward, 
  i agree that iron banner should be all of the maps since it requires the expansion to play, 
  again !? 
  curious , but has anyone won it twice ? 
  ah , like a potato, 
  $ 60 for dark below , house of wolves , and taken king combined, 
  do n't bother leveling now , taken king will come with a consumable that brings you automatically to the minimum level, 
  plate of the exile, 
  yes, 
  hahaha !, 
  but the joy of the necrochasm spec-weapon glitch, 
  yeah , this is from game informer . 
  why give polygon the clicks ? 
  fuck that site, 
  overly political , which is part of being owned by vox news, 
  i dont think the shotgun nerf will do enough, 
  granted it 's on their sister site , but the polygon co-founder ( plante ) disgusts me with his bloviating pc rhetoric and using the sites as a soundboard for non-gaming / non-tech ranting . 
  youre missing the report where rahool is now a registered sex offender, 
  or some tow the pc indignation line for clickbait . 
  you need to be level 20 to equip legendaries, 
  you can skip the story , you get 4000xp per pvp game . 
  sounds like my friend . 
  he quit before even trying a raid or getting a legendary weapon . 
  he still does n't `` get '' what 's fun about this game , because he has n't tried most of the content . 
  not to mention the wizard/moon line is n't even in the game . 
  i guess they did n't play beyond the demo . 
  between polygon/vox , i 've noticed a lot of fact checking issues over the past year ( before i unfollowed both on fb ), 
  i was in your shoes , then i got two in a row this month finally, 
  if not the band name , then definitely the album name :, 
  vision of confluence,
