  you ca n't just go and disassemble a bundle into pieces . 
  then we turn into microtransactions . 
  but here 's the problem , if they offered that content as part of the $ 40 package , but then came up with some new shaders/items to make the $ 80 collectors edition worth its price , you 'd say `` give me that too for free ! '', 
  making it a great deal . 
  that 's the point of collector 's editions by every company , to have a more a more expensive ` luxury ' product to sell in parrallel to the base game . 
  destiny was released with a bundle that came with both expansion and digital exclusive content ( ie , ghost shell , ship , and so on ) . 
  there was no problem with this back then because bundles are industry standard practices . 
  nobody is forcing players to pay for the $ 80 collector 's edition . 
  they could have charged just 80 for the tk and physical content goodies , but they added in the digital stuff , and on top of that included all of the previous games and expansion to sweeten the pot . 
  on the whole it 's a good deal because it 's only $ 20 more than the physical edition for new players . 
  they threw in the vip stuff for year 1 players to make fans happy , but immediately everyone forgot about that olive branch because they could n't get everything under the sun for free . 
  yup, 
  except it 's in the database and was featured in how promo screenshots, 
  they could easily make a taken version of the vault with taken versions of the vex slotted in . 
  video already shows us returning to the vault in the gorgon 's maze with taken vex as enemies , so its possible, 
  why include the exotic shaders/items in the $ 60 version ? 
  its exclusive to the big package, 
  well , to make their top tier product more valuable and worth the price , for one . 
  if you take away everything from it then whats the point in buying it ? 
  microtransactions ? 
  it doesnt retail for $ 126 in the uk because they dont use american dollars over there, 
  its more of a sequel, 
  as a shareholder in some atvi , i agree that this is important to address . 
  bad pr is not good for the growth of the brand . 
  this has no positive value attached to it , they wont get the $ 80 sales and stand to lose repeat buyers out of spite in a competitive holiday season . 
  people are retarded . 
  they already gave year one players the vip stuff . 
  now they are just getting twice the vip stuff but the ce will still have its own exclusive stuff . 
  and the seals here will clap because they won something they virtually already had . 
  you cant ask for the physical stuff and $ 40 worth of dlc , this thread makes no sense, 
  he 's the ** design lead for the fucking raids ** . 
  that 's pretty up there considering that 's the franchise 's big draw . 
  it 's for people who currently play . 
  it 's the expansion , plus digital goodies , plus a strange coin and other material junk . 
  and they threw in the previous games just to sweeten the pot because it 's no loss to them . 
  i dont see it as any different from bundles on other commercial products . 
  music , for example , bands will release a vinyl limited edition bundle with a t-shirt and download code ( even though you already have the album ) , and maybe some liner note / art stuff to make the package more worth the price . 
  strictly financial, 
  what 's the definition of a sequel vs expansion ? 
  the theoretical destiny 2 will continue to expand on the universe , not start fresh like a typical sequel, 
  that 's the problem imo , the digital collectors edition price makes no sense from any perspective . 
  it 's $ 20 more than the physical version of the same thing , and the same price as the limited edition bundle with a box of stuff . 
  i already pre-ordered the collector 's edition . 
  whoops, 
  it is ? 
  account is empty, 
  true, 
  `` they 'll accept any raid , regardless how short '', 
  you do n't have to repurchase anything in the collector 's edition either , it 's included for free . 
  bungie forced players to get the [ ghost edition ] ( http://static1.gamespot.com/uploads/original/1179/11799911/2587789-destinyghost.jpg ) or other [ limited bundled editions ] ( https://psmedia.playstation.com/is/image/psmedia/destiny-digital-guardian-edition-02-ps4-us-07jul14?$twocolumn_image$ ) with expansions , gating way the ghost shell & exclusive ship from other day 1 players . 
  bungie forced players to buy call of duty advanced warefare so they could get the [ exclusive blacksmith shader ] ( http://www.graingergames.co.uk/graphics/destiny-cod.jpg ) , further discriminating on people who paid full price for the game, 
  it 's not fair . 
  the free shaders we got on release do n't count . 
  the vip package given to year 1 players does n't count . 
  life just is n't fair . 
  amen, 
  if you wanted the ghost shell you had to get a pre-order bundle , it didnt come with the base game, 
  same with taken king , if you want the emotes , you need a pre-order bundle that costs more than the base game , which is why people are crying, 
  pure sarcasm, 
  well people want neckbeard 's head for this so lets just say bungie to make it simpler, 
  do they gate any actual content outside of sony exclusives ? 
  hence `` exclusive '' and not `` for everyone '', 
  it 's more expensive because it includes a loot crate of swag, 
  ( forget about the digital version , that price scheme makes zero sense , i agree ), 
  randy bobandy ? 
  but the solution is just to not buy it and stick to the $ 40 version . 
  so you do n't get a few shaders , big deal . 
  nobody forced people to buy call of duty for the blacksmith shader . 
  and if they were shafting year 1 players , they wouldnt be giving us the vip stuff . 
  easy to forget about that stuff as useless but the emotes as imperative to the destiny experience . 
  you do n't have to buy it . 
  the $ 40 edition exists if you already own all the previous games . 
  again , they dont have to pay for it , they only have to pay for the tk expansion, 
  and newcomers wont have the red ghost shell either , fwiw, 
  golden gun should be as powerful as a novabomb with the nighthawk, 
  arc blade ... man it destroys adds but not yellows, 
  4 minutes is better than never, 
  already pre-ordered , your entitled tears have no effect on me, 
  not talking about brits , you guys have a legit complaint, 
  luke smith is a dick , nobody here can afford $ 40 , emotes are priceless , we get it, 
  that basically already happened but in reverse order . 
  they gave all year 1 people the founders vip stuff . 
  if they didnt give us that from day one , and instead dropped it tomorrow , everyone would be happy with bungie supporting the fans, 
  but everyone here has a ` what have you done for me lately ' attitude towards bungie, 
  suddenly , a warmth is moving towards me, 
  it 's shrek, 
  i am so happy, 
  he whispers into my ear `` this is my swamp . '', 
  he grabs me with his powerful ogre hands and puts me down, 
  onto my hands and knees, 
  i 'm ready, 
  bungie is love, 
  casual people play casually ? 
  you dont say, 
  getting rahooled, 
  as casually moved on to other games , repeating the cycle of being a casual, 
  you already own the box set ? 
  you said that its content you already own , you own everything in the box set ? 
  free vip rewards cost money ? 
  or are you mad that a major expansion costs $ 40 ?
