  that or it involved a piece , but the whole body is n't akka , the thing is the size of a planet . 
  maybe nokris is just an old god from fundament ? 
  or oryx 's father ? 
  the world 's grave documented all the stuff they conquered , but his omission would be because it predated the wg and it was n't conquered, 
  damnit , now i want to know what happens if we kill ir yut , ir anuk , and it halak at the same time during the story mission ... 
  no we did n't , see the clouds everywhere ? 
  it was totally his dimension he teleported us to, 
   by killing another you take their power , and become stronger . 
  megaman logic . 
  malice, 
  ir yut is n't dead , she 's flying around where she normally does . 
  both normal and heroic mode . 
  this confuses me though because we needed to become ascendant to even fight him in regicide . 
  also , the divides into realms is confusing , because his entire dreadnaught is his throne world . 
  correct , but it 's a statue to him , possibly, 
  pm me the yt menu , i 'm hungry , porfavor, 
  this pic made the rounds yesterday, 
  the sd streams are so bad , holy shit , one second it was bases loaded , then all of a sudden it was 1-0 and the entire play skipped, 
  it 's even worse , it 's a slide show with a new frame every 30 seconds, 
  thanks for the input , grinding it myself, 
  i have found that 3 of coins does n't work on omnigul though , sadly , which is just strange, 
  150 ... oh god my life, 
  ok , but then what is the [ hungry ] heart ? 
  by definition , the worm is what hungers / is ravenous . 
  and what we put in the malice is the size of a baseball . 
  yeah it 's okay , but 8/10 times the person asking that is a dick / rude to the team he joins . 
  last night we needed to pick up a ringer to fill out the squad . 
  go on lfg . 
  `` looking to do it fast , must have experience , etc '' initial instinct of guys was `` okay i hope he 's not a dick '' . 
  end result ? 
  guy was a dick . 
  ( and yes we finished it in good time , but his commentary got increasingly toxic leading to not so good times ), 
  golden apples are in the ishtar collective , then, 
  i was asked to join a group recently , told up front `` we do this fast '', 
  one guy , who had `` kush '' in his username , proceeded to lash out at my friend and i on the first sequence . 
  he started by running past the first relic on the first lap , and then dying on the second . 
  he did n't stop running his mouth about how he was `` carrying '' us . 
  then we got to the jumping puzzle and he had to go to orbit and rejoin us once we got to the totems . 
  because that shit 's impossible . 
  we ended up spending like 3 + hours on deathsingers because the group leader , who was also a pissy know-it-all who gave people shit if they messed up , had no clue how to do that fight and lied about it , constantly trying to kill ir anuk immediately and kill halak in one take before the enrage kill . 
  edit : the latter guy , the pissy know-it-all , i had also run vog with before . 
  acted like he knew everything , but also we ended up giving up on confluxes while he berated the entire team for sucking . 
  i think this ties in to being toxic and taking the entire team down with you , because i play with casual people and we never have to give up on confluxes . 
  agreed . 
  i mean , i know i can do every boss encounter without dying . 
  i did a run recently where the only death i had pre-oryx was off the rest of the team wiping , and 2nd jumping puzzle . 
  it can be done . 
  the fusion is the worst fusion in the game , so not hard to overshadow it with vendor gear, 
  scout is good if full auto , otherwise it 's a far cry from hung jury, 
  did bungie learn nothing from the crappy poe gear ? 
  darkblade 's with braced frame is amazing . 
  the raid one has nearly zero stability , it 's useless . 
  braced frame on it brings it to darkblade 's level stock with no perks . 
  it 's literally a ` basketball court of oryx ', 
  who cares , it 's just a freakin emblem, 
  how did no one see this coming with them trademarking `` ever ~ ~ is ~ ~ verse trading co. '' back in june, 
  he had to leave for 15 minutes during deathsingers because his dealer showed up, 
  would it be that bad if she sold ghost shells and class items ? 
  and i guess the slippery slope is armor would be next, 
  but would that be that bad ? 
  if it was 270 light and worse than vendor gear , it wouldnt give an advantage to any players in terms of gameplay as they 'd have to infuse it up to par anyway, 
  sounds like rahool . 
  the horror . 
   so , we could find him , we will find him , and at the same time we wo n't . 
  deep, 
  shit doesnt work , showing seahawks replays for 5 seconds , same 5 second span , before freezing, 
  efrideets , efrideets everywhere, 
  these are n't microtransactions , this is dlc . 
  name one aaa activision title that does that . 
  and those cards dont affect the core game , just the trading card side-game crap that nobody i know cares about, 
  okay but to play devil 's advocate : destiny came out . 
  then a $ 20 dlc called house of wolves came out that gave buyers the best pvp guns in the game with infinite re-rollable options . 
  so basically buying engrams ? 
  kinda a dead point , bungie said they wont micro-dlc guns, 
  true . 
  so you 're saying activision ** will ** do something but you have no precedent to back it up . 
  why would you lose the nodes ? 
  let me guess , itd be amazing as a legendary but not worthy of an exotic slot in the raid ? 
  i cant believe the mods deleted this . 
  the mods here are honestly seeming problematic at censoring community content for no legitimate reason , but seem to love low quality posts cluttering up the home page . 
  every time i log in now it says i cant play the daily because i dont have xbox live or havent unlocked it or whatever, 
  raid is easy , tons of shitty guys i play with have done it , guys who could never do the spindle quest, 
  yup :, 
  he pops up on the shield brothers heroic literally every time , i cant recall a run that didnt have him , so i had no clue there wasnt an option for him, 
  so instead of content being locked on the disc and forcing us to pay for it with dlc , its locked on the disc and they are forcing us to get it as `` free '' dlc, 
  call it free dlc and the crowd will go wild , even though we were supposed to have it in september as part of our purchase anyway, 
  well , tom does 200 % damage when in that mode , so it * has * to do more than the hj, 
   supers do n't really have strengths and weakness . 
  they are all strong . 
   the supers are not balanced , the classes are n't balanced . 
  dude , do you not see the blatant hypocrisy here ? 
  they ca n't all be strong and not balanced at the same time . 
  to reiterate , supers have little to do with class viability . 
  except in pubstomp 6v6, 
  except in everything . 
  how about show where supers do n't affect class viability in competitive modes . 
  we already saw how ramwalkers took over trials last season , or does that not count too ? 
  omnigul not being classed as an ultra pissed me off the most , since im grinding that strike right now, 
  how did someone approve the warsat bullshit ? 
  literally the worst thing ever in destiny history,
