  new word : dick guardians, 
  tell that to lando, 
  * and a partridge in a pear tree, 
  seems the expansion will have more missions than the original game lol, 
  but they 're 800lbs and highly militarized, 
  does it have a cooldown or is it literally every melee ? 
  you dont lack discipline, 
  the perks get reset , the light level and defense get upgrades, 
  i think there should be an elite set of gear , something to reward the hardcore players, 
  not the cheesers or cheaters , but figure out a way to let the most dedicated and skilled players earn something that tells people they 're pretty badass . 
  right now having raid gear means nothing , nor does level , in terms of conveying that . 
  soon everyone on my friends list will have 32 gear without ever having beat crota legit . 
  i know cheesing is a separate issue , but the vendor gear outclassing it in the end only makes things double weaksauce . 
  i dont like ops suggestion because it makes no sense . 
  if you have to do hard mode raid to upgrade a previous raid gear , why would it be a 30-33 piece ? 
  that 's still a downgrade from your current gear . 
  giving you an alternative to faction gear only after having maxed out and beating the hard mode is just backwards . 
  i say drop the material , let you upgrade a piece of raid gear to 32 , now after having done the hard mode you can use your favorite stuff again as you continue to grind out the hard mode - reward you for being a raid collector . 
  the benefit would also be that your character can be both maxed level and displaying your favorite gear your acquired, 
  exactly, 
  they need to do two things : reward the raiders and not give vanguard gear the leapfrog effect , and reward the hardcore, 
  the tricky way of doing it is to get all 3 guys into that small room on the upper floor , and have 1 guy be the designated medic who ca n't get hit . 
  if you have a titan with weapons of light it goes even faster . 
  i agree . 
  nexus was always a good fight legit , same with phogoth and the archon, 
  this one just sucks, 
  however , ive got to say that this is a problem inherent in a lot of their level design . 
  they always have the boss confined to a certain area , but always let you escape the room . 
  that 's not how boss fights are supposed to be . 
  nearly all cheeses on every strike involves staying at the doorway : archon ( rocks ) , nexus ( just stay up top ) , phogoth ( doorway ), 
  the only strike without a cheese that i know of that forces you to get into the arena is the mars one ( but even still , you can always leave the room if you wish ), 
  yeah , i wore it for an hour then saw everyone on my friends list ( who 99 % glitch the game ) rocking it so i took it off . 
  it 's the green cheese emblem to me now . 
  shame . 
  that would be a perfect system, 
  it would even work with the lore , you would be `` imbuing that armor with light '' and the only way to get more light into it is get materials ( re : armor ) that already have that higher level of light, 
  this doesnt negate the absolutely retarded lvl 31 vendor gear , but from raid to raid it would make sense, 
  why would you do anything in hard mode of normal mode got you to level 32 * and * black hammer ? 
  exact same thing happened to me . 
  2 hunter helms . 
  they should have a harder mode vog that drops current level exotics, 
  that 's in normal mode . 
   how example : new raid gear gets you 34 , all old raid gear gets you 32 , all vendor eq gets you 31 . 
  i like this . 
  similarly , ce vendor gear should have been 29 max , enough to get you in but not enough to get you throw without hiccups, 
  there are mods !, 
  so it 's agreed : we 'll force bungie to give us transmogrification but not for exotics, 
  i will take on said titan , every time, 
  i fear no bubbles, 
  not true at all . 
  raid gear has its own perks which are good everywhere in the game . 
  in the ce gear , it also has a 3rd bonus perk for the raid , but that doesnt make the other 2 perks useless . 
  its already easy , you can run through and do the chest or 1-shot aetheon to get an exotic, 
  and then on crota 's end the first chest which is easily accesssible drops exotics too, 
  so you activate gg and then run around trying to get someone to melee you ? 
  neither is aetheon a guaranteed drop, 
  i wish it was a baller, 
  i wish it had a girl who looked good, 
  i would call her, 
  i think its great by comparison but overall its still pretty weak, 
  they should have put urzog in an area that wasnt already over used , like the grotto entrance outdoors . 
  why did they completely neglect that area ? 
  what i hate about this game is that you can be level 31/32 and have zero skill, 
  so little skill that you cant solo a level 26 strike, 
  this is backwards , vendor should be 29 , vog should be 30 , ce should be 32, 
  sorry but no , i 've found a lot of good groups who are helpful and want to teach others . 
  i refuse to cheese , and have only looked for groups that do things legit . 
  i 've found a lot of good guys since swearing off the cheese . 
  i ca n't believe you 've met people who skip the lamps and let hunters solo it . 
  it 's like ... the easiest section . 
  that 's crazy !, 
  29s could do hard mode vog no problem , what are you talking about, 
  but that 's the problem , there is no level system in destiny , only the gear system . 
  in any other game the two are separate, 
  except most 32s now are just glitchers who have no idea how to actually beat crota, 
   the rabbit hole on vog hm during the legions section . 
  hmm ? 
  its funny the difference between a good team and a bad team, 
  a good team will do lanterns in one shot . 
  everything else is a breeze , but lanterns is a sign of things to come . 
  a team that only cheeses and cheats will wipe on lanterns 15 times and get mad at me for `` going too far ahead '', 
  except its not, 
  not necessarily , i found as a 30 my sticky grenades werent killing 31s, 
  i bounce back and forth between cheaters and glitchers , the latter referring specifically to the networking glitch on crota, 
  there 's an even easier cheese now . 
  just activate the instance and go to the furthest back room and jump on the rectangle thing . 
  wait there for a few seconds and it 'll bring out the ogres . 
  seriously , bungie needs to patch this shit lol, 
  no rules against that , bungie tied your level to your gear and made the vault free to share . 
  it 's not like doing that is easy , still time consuming . 
  i dont blame the people for that , the fault lies entirely on bungie, 
  yes , they are . 
  it 's a synonym . 
  well then they should have only allowed 1 class per account , but they let us have 3 titans . 
  it 's a flawed system , i agree . 
  i dont have a problem with levelling up new characters just to get another raid in for the week . 
  it 's a huge time commitment for little reward imo . 
  sorry , that 's what i meant , 1 different class per `` slot '', 
  but pretty sure many mmos are like how bungie did it, 
  there should be an exotic which allows overpenetration of shields .
