  they are just women with penises . 
  this is a whine poast if there ever was one . 
  how is getting an extra shot hindering your character ? 
  lol, 
  look on the bright side , doing that made you dodge 2 golden gun shots, 
  what was he supposed to paint black ? 
  jews were poc ? 
  and the steroids, 
  of course he 'd have a tan , he was born in the fucking desert, 
  good luck , they still have n't begun to ask me questions either, 
  if it 's intentional , then those numbers have no effect in the game , meaning the entire auto rifle buff was scrapped and the write up was just to troll us, 
  that 's a noble excuse , but the numbers are on the bungie website & database . 
  looks good to me ... 
  what an ableist thing to say . 
  there is no charter of exotic rights & abilities act that defines how an exotic should behave . 
  you get more shots , less time . 
  nighthawk gives you more power , less shots . 
  arachnid gives you more duration , but no extra shots . 
  they are , i think , trying to balance between arachnid and symbiote . 
  more time vs. more shots . 
  whoa , hold on , let me get my calculator out, 
  fusions are still fine . 
  i use fusions 95 % of the time ( minus trials , which is a snipe-fest most of the time ) and post-patch they are absolutely fine . 
  you guys bitching are all shotgun users , from the sound of it . 
  that said , i 'd love buffs , but i 'm not greedy . 
  that 's how it 's always been , you always needed braced frame or hand laid stock to bring it to foil levels . 
  still a beast of a gun . 
  `` aim assist is n't the problem '', 
  that 's why anyone who uses low-aa snipers finally gets one with high aa and begins getting headshots they have no business getting and their numbers skyrocket ... but it 's not because of the aa , it 's `` confirmation bias '', 
  horse shit . 
  which must be destroyed, 
  available at eververse , january 2016 for 2000 silver, 
  shaxx rewards only give me ghost shells, 
   nightfall needs to drop ghosts as the only way to get legendary ones are vendor bought , raid , iron banner , or too . 
  congrats , you just described every single part of the game, 
  you ca n't get an exotic from a level 2 dreg . 
  first off . 
  second , ghost shells drop from every activity in the game . 
  you can get blue ones anywhere . 
  and crucible is n't end game . 
  third , why are you bitching about the end game ? 
  there is no purpose for ghost shells in the game beyond end game light level growth , and as you listed , every single avenue of the end game gives you loads of them . 
  are you really advocating for the fringe of casual players who refuse to play crucible and also refuse to buy them with marks ? 
  but 4 shots is a positive . 
  you do n't seem to be processing this part . 
   if i simply look at bladedancers being able to oneshot enemies in their super , it sounds op . 
  when i actually talk about every aspect of the super however , it 's weak as fuck . 
  except blade dancers are awesome , so ... 
   that 's what you 're doing . 
  you 're looking at one part . 
  no , you are . 
  you 're looking at the time and ignoring the actual bonus . 
   it has 4 shots . 
  it also reduces the super to like 7-8 seconds , which is extremely short . 
  so because it gives a bonus shot it has to give you more time ? 
  a bonus is a bonus . 
  it 's no different than the nighthawk taking away 2 of your shorts in compensation . 
   every exotic buffs your character positively with no trades . 
  this goes back to there being no set way in how exotics should perform , nor rule saying they ca n't augment a super or ability in a way . 
  those people are idiots who never used fusions prior to the patch . 
  the only real change was to high charge fusions like the split shifter pro , who had accelerated coils added to its profile as a bonus perk , nerfing damage and really killing the gun . 
  everything else is fine . 
  edit : lol salty non-fusion users negging me for telling it like it is, 
  what about them ? 
  i was doing fine with my auto until i found out there was no buff, 
   you can get an exotic from the legendary engram that drops from the lvl 2 dreg . 
  that 's a pretty fringe example , though . 
  rahool is not that nice . 
   crucible weekly bounty that gives nightfall rewards is n't ` end game ,, 
  i 'm not even talking about that , you get ghosts as rewards for just playing regular crucible . 
  you can also get them from court of oryx i think . 
   they are not . 
  definintely one of the weakest supers . 
  people only use bladedancer for the neutral game ( blink , skip grenades , backstab/faster cooldown , hot swap , hungering blade ) . 
  the super was never the reason it was good . 
  this is why we seem more golden guns now that blink and arcbolt has been nerfed . 
  skip grenades are good , but arcbolt was the best . 
  flux  skip , blade dancer  all . 
  seriously , how are you saying it 's weak ? 
  you can take out 2-4 guys pretty easily , cover a huge amount of ground , go invis , etc. 
   no , seriously , you are . 
  ** the bonus is irrelevant ** if we have less time to shoot it . 
  that 's just a ridiculous thing to say . 
   it 's basically the best exotic for golden guns in pve since they 're weak in it . 
  and as is one of the best for pvp because it lets you mow down 4 + guys easily . 
  ... with a bonus 1-hit kill shot, 
  true , this is an addition by subtraction scenario, 
  saw and was killed by some autos in my last game . 
  i think reducing the ttk on pulses allows autos to finish the job now for a lot of people, 
  it was a great gun prior to the patch , had one of my best rumble 's ever the night prior using it . 
  sad to see it go , but the long far gone replaces it nearly equally . 
  they are and can be idiots . 
  just because there are some good users on there does n't mean the majority are . 
  and yes , fusions are perfectly fine if you know how to use them . 
  if you want a panic button , stick to shotguns . 
  you 're full of shit , go use them or shut up . 
  i just won a rumble game to double check the stability myth , and i was literally running around sniping people with the darkblade spite . 
  12 kills with the damn thing , it 's beast . 
  thank you . 
   ever since vanilla i 've been chasing one fucking guy around the map to get a kill .
