   not really, 
  the law states induce , that is essentially , to bribe people or force them . 
  telling people your opinion is not inducing people . 
  they took a real law and made up a fake interpretation and ran with that fantasy . 
  right , but would n't that be illegal for everyone , canadians too ? 
  an employer giving bonuses based on who you vote for would surely be illegal, 
  blame rahool, 
  aaaactually , no they could n't argue that i 'm sure for a number of reasons ( which are probably defined in the whole code and legal system ) . 
  according to government , there needs to be a bribe of some sort involved . 
   `` to induce there must be a tangible thing offered . 
  a personal view is not inducement , '', 
  so maybe a reach or misunderstanding , but ultimately made up when fact checked against the actual law . 
  if they are trans they arent men anymore know your pronouns shitlord, 
  what ? 
  weooo weooo weooo, 
  goes on way too long , but now that ive got my complaint out of the way , good job man !, 
  there are no legendary or exotic alternatives . 
  oh thank god, 
  oh my god the bernie lean , i would throw all my money at the screen, 
  oh , and can we ghostride the ~ ~ whip ~ ~ sparrow ? 
  this is pretty bad of them , despite the good stuff . 
  putting an in game item behind paid rng is just flat out bad . 
  let people buy it straight up , it 's a cosmetic item , but do n't force people to gamble . 
  your team calls out which platform is open ? 
  wow , i love you, 
  my clan calls out names and expect you to memorize where everyone was and know when `` john doe '' goes down you know what platform to cover, 
  lfg is awful , we brought a guy in and he wouldnt stop singing spice girls , and criticizing others, 
  i like how if you say no d-bags , the d-bags wont come, 
  like , they know they are d-bags , they accept it, 
  okay , but as a full time fusion user , i find its stability to be just terrible . 
  braced frame adds nothing since its base is so low . 
  i 'm speaking of pvp . 
  comparatively speaking , it is literally the worst fusion in the game ( not just among its archetype , but all of them ) , ever , based on stability ; and fusion rifle users know that is the absolute most important stat . 
  on top of this it also has lower-rung aim assist , which does n't help its case . 
  in pve , i ca n't imagine using fusions over shotguns , but that 's just me . 
  too much charge time , bad against majors ( very long ttk ) , and so on . 
  what the hell did i just watch, 
  i love how this gets upvoted but when i make a thread about it a month ago i get downvoted and basically called an idiot, 
  another issue with this : it 's missing moldova , which speaks romanian, 
  missing moldova , derp, 
  pve people are 8x worse than pvp people, 
  come on , it 's not even close . 
  afkers , toxic lfgers , you name it . 
  they are the scum of destiny . 
  salty idiots are downvoting you, 
  back to hell with you , omnigul !, 
  i love 2.0 , crucible is way way way better now, 
  pretty cool . 
  some of us hoped that doing all of them would unlock something cool and worth the time, 
  is the only difference now between regular and adept the paintjob ? 
  well i dont think the treasure bags have anything to do with the quests , unless you paid for them to get a specific mask to finish the quest that gives you another stupid mask, 
  aka the one with the penguin, 
   i still find it hard to understand why bungie did it this way ? , 
  because matchmaking for raids would be retarded . 
  it involves communication and teamwork , and that ca n't be done if randoms are afking or not using mics or dicking around or just plain suck . 
  like you said , strikes can be soloed so it 's not the biggest hinderance in the world if you need to carry your matchmade fireteam through a 10 minute strike , but an hour + raid ? 
  that 'd be hell and you 'd quit and not have a good time , and then blame bungie for allowing all of this crap to happen . 
  buff ? 
  why ? 
  i suck with hcs and never used them before , but i was doing the crucible shaxx quest and had to get 6 + hc kills and win three times , and in my games using a fatebringer and hawkmoon i was doing more than alright . 
  i think some people here used too much thorn & last glitch and now that they need to use regular hcs , instead of blaming their own shitty game , are blaming bungo for not buffing their skill . 
  agreed , was using the lamp last night and had a good time with it, 
  no way jose . 
  then no one could solo the raid , and no one could go in with a fireteam of 5 waiting for their 6th to get off the toilet because some random would be joined to them . 
  raids take time . 
  what if someone got kicked from your friends mid raid and then a random with no mic came in and started dancing ? 
  i have friends who do this all the time . 
  finally !, 
  i 've wated forever for this !, 
  how about the old shaders ? 
  are they gone too ? 
  i played over 500 trials games and still never got a single shader, 
  y1 looked like it was made by a photoshop noob , the new one looks slick, 
  not raid shaders , trials shaders, 
  who is talking about raids ? 
  not really , the hic design is cleaner than the eye with some gradient effects & layers mashed together incoherently . 
  less is more . 
  ftw !, 
  get good . 
  i suck with hcs and was still able to do well with a fatebringer i had laying around . 
   how does it feel to be so impressively xenophobic that you do n't think foreign cultures should mix ? 
  i really liked this comment . 
  i never really thought of the ` cultural appropriation ! '', 
  brigade as xenophobes , but they are , and i 'm going to call them out on it from now on . 
  self diagnosed . 
   removed 5,000 xp bounties, 
  you ca n't say this while ignoring that they :, 
  a ) added more bounties in total to offset it and, 
  b ) made them incredibly easy to complete , unlike the other ones, 
  it 's funny that i saw this , because on instagram last night this mexican-canadian girl i know posted a pic of a white child in this kind of facepaint and went on a rant about `` disrespect '' and `` cultural appropriation '' and how she was going to `` shit on anyone '' who tried this shit . 
  fucking girl went as harley quinn for halloween and her favorite music is eminem , ca n't get any whiter than that . 
  i love how everyone who is n't white-european is `` of color '', 
  what color is she , red ? 
  yellow ? 
  because she looks the same skin tone as most ` non colored ' people . 
  til all whites in the world are responsible for slavery in america, 
  i love when they whine and say `` day of the dead is not halloween ! '', 
  when is it ? 
  october 31st . 
  i googled `` paintarya '' and found oh so much more gold from this person .
