  they fought against the soviets , they fought abroad , and were n't implicated in war crimes . 
  they were essentially an anti-communist task force . 
  also , you can compare the oaths of the regular ss to the ukrainian ss , the latter has the anti-bolshevik and religious aspects injected , and loyalty to the german reich removed . 
  so there 's just a different framing and mentality . 
  i know what it is , and as i stated , a that 's a single clown mixed in with what appears to be regular folk . 
  if you had proof of an actual group of nazis , and not just a single guy who spray painted a celtic cross to some cardboard , we 'd have something to talk about . 
  i 've never seen it anywhere but that one pic you showed me which is making the rounds . 
  on helmets , i 've only seen woflsangels . 
  here 's a report on alleged anti-semitism ( or lack thereof ), 
  color revolutions are peaceful with authorities withdrawing , this is a true , `` classic '' revolution . 
  guess we saw what happened there , huh, 
  i guess i was off by a day . 
  18th was d-day  but i was right about the constitution rollback being a sticking point , so pt for that i guess, 
  if you 're not willing to actually study history then there 's nothing to really discuss . 
  i ca n't compete with `` he said she said '' and propaganda you 've heard . 
  i have a feeling if i bothered to enlighten you with some actual history you 'd just call them ` western biased fascists ' or some such garbage . 
  have fun in fantasy land . 
  who are you , comrade questions ? 
  i 'm not , or you 're not ? 
  exactly . 
  the thing is , anyone who is n't on putin 's team directly is an `` extremist '' . 
  does n't mean they do n't like the ideology , as you said , fruit from the same tree . 
  did you seriously just send me a word document ? 
  uhhh, 
  point proven , i guess . 
  where did that quote come from ? 
  just to inform , the galician had mostly german , austrian , and later dutch commanding officers , as well as ukrainians . 
  it also incorporated czechs and slovaks as it fought communists there , notably in slovakia . 
  obviously a jew would never be in command of a german unit , so not sure what that quote is referencing , but it 's not the gss, 
  parubiy who runs the self defense sotnia is an mp in fatherland , then right sector is a coalition which contains patriot - a group founded by svoboda ( and still linked ), 
  it 's likely that both parties are acting as puppet masters and guys like yarosh are just there to take the attention away, 
  lviv is one of the few [ profitable ] ( http://www.investgazeta.net/ekonomika/zona-proedanija-164683/ ) regions in the country . 
  try again . 
  exactly . 
  while akhmetov himself makes off with billions , a lot of it is hidden off the books and does n't go towards the state or regional economy . 
  on top of that , it 's a rust belt . 
  just because there are low-end resources like pig iron that are mined does n't make it profitable . 
  now if they struck gold ... 
  dnipropetrovsk is clearly very profitable by the data , but donetsk is a whole different story . 
  i guess his `` mining working-class carries ukraine on its back '' mentality ca n't comprehend non-mining economics . 
  the state funding going to donetsk likely helps keep the average joe thinking things are better than they are . 
  of course , now that the revolution has happened it 's likely that the over-subsidization of the region will go down ( yanukovych obviously propped up his hometown for votes ) , and the average person will blame the new government for ruining the economy . 
  if you did n't notice , dnipropetrovsk , poltava , and kharkiv that are majorly in the plus , their industry is fine . 
  it 's donetsk that 's a problem receiving way more from the state than it brings in . 
  the data shows that donetsk brings in less than lviv , but donetsk receives 3x more subsidies from the state , which is why it 's in the red . 
  looking further at the chart , what 's amazing to me is you could shave off 10 ( billion ? ), 
  from donetsk 's subsidies and distribute that to all of the slightly indebted regions and the map turns into this :, 
  the news source is n't credible but for those wondering , this is n't going to happen for a number of reasons . 
  i 've detailed them in this article :, 
  what you have to remember is that crimea has no economy and receives a lot of subsidies from the state . 
  it would be expensive for russia to just `` take it '' and that would indeed require force . 
  you ca n't just hold a vote and say see ya , look what happened in the us , 
  also , russia loses by gaining it , since it would lose a lot of influence in ukrainian politics by chopping off a huge russian population . 
  russia wants kiev more than it wants crimea . 
  it 's a fake article, 
  here 's a crimea news site , no mention of it : http://crimea.comments.ua/, 
  do n't trust romanian news for russian/ukrainian news . 
  reddit upvoting the bad material today * sigh *, 
  they do n't . 
  and it has no economy , so it would just be a huge money drain . 
  then again , putin just spent $ 50b on the olympics , who knows what he 'd be willing to spend for the symbolic and historic act of anshlussing crimea back into his 'em pire ', 
  there is no clear east-west division , that 's a popular misconception, 
  read this :, 
  ukraine is n't a federation , people do n't have the right to hold a referendum to steal an entire province just because they have 51 % of the vote - and thus throw into jeopardy the other 49 % who want to stay ukrainian citizens and live there . 
  mayor was n't elected , a rabble of a few hundred wanted to elect him but the council said its illegal since hes not a citizen, 
  oh please , save the mindlessness . 
  rules of engagement went out the door when innocent civilians started getting gunned down . 
  citizens can pretend they have a mayor all they want , but if he 's not ukrainian , then this is grounds for exile both for him and politicians who facilitated it . 
  thrown at police who began with using live ammunition that same day . 
  not to mention the russian plan to have everyone in kiev shot by snipers and the use of the military . 
  wake the fuck up and stop complaining about a few fires . 
  nearly a hundred people were murdered and you care about stormtroopers getting injured . 
  that 's debatable chicken and egg . 
  the russian involvement is in unclassified documents ; the gru was used as main planners of the operation ( zakharchenko was unqualified ), 
  and how can you compare one law or another ? 
  one is civil law ( rioting , protesting , etc ) and the other is violating state procedures ( electing a national of another state to public office , in a mock election ) . 
  ukraine is a democracy , you ca n't just make up rules as you go . 
  even protesters who occupied state buildings demanded the legal resignation of governors , they did n't just appoint their own . 
  what 's the difference between a gangster and a ' 3rd world twat ' ? 
  by all accounts he is a gangster ; donetsk mafia , akhmetov clan connections , etc. 
  it would be amazing if they were able to get him for something tbh . 
  2005 they came up short ... 
  dude , what on earth are you talking about ? 
  euromaidan activsts didnt beat anyone to death , get off the propaganda wagon, 
  good luck with your smear campaign pal, 
  the rest of the article had nothing to do with china , so ... 
  regardless , i 'll take snyder 's word over you glancing at the 2002 census, 
  why do n't you click the link ? 
  i believe the sevastopol airport has ukrainian military jets stationed, 
  i 'll trust interfax and pravda over voice of propaganda, 
  rt put full quote of the employee , no takeover but `` arrived at the airport to search for ukrainian airborne troops . 
  however , after finding out that there was no military present on the tarmac , they apologized and left the territory . '', 
  voice of russia lied and just stopped at `` no takeover '' and left out the most important part, 
  figures, 
  he could never do it . 
  you thought afghanistan was bad ? 
  it 's one thing to say reports were untrue and that nothing happened , it 's another to say they 've left, 
  this is correct . 
  russian spoken in ukraine is a mix of southern russian and ukrainian . 
  there 's also a difference between ` street russian ' which ukrainians know and speak day to day , and literary proper russian .
