  nah , that would be silly, 
  blade dancers get their health back but attacks use a lot of energy & it 's close range - you ca n't compare that to hos, 
  and i doubt you 're shutting down hammers solo with any regularity , maybe once it happened and you took a video because it was like seeing a double rainbow, 
  golden gun is 3 shots , nova is 1, 
  video proof for me, 
  you 'd rather the confirmed idiot celebirty who fell down the stairs ? 
  well , harper is out of office and that idiot is now in , so what else could be implied ? 
  i 'd feel safe with someone with some experience and education , not a celebrity pick, 
  i hope the u.s. does n't pick trump or it 's going to be a wild 4 years of reality tv, 
  harper was the only sane choice imo . 
  he 's pasty with a bad haircut , but there are no actual negatives . 
  and i 'm saying this as someone who went into the election with an open mind hoping for a legitimate alternative . 
  it calls sharia ` honor killings ' and the oppression of women ` barbaric acts ' , not practicing islam in of itself . 
  edit : i love how people are downvoting me for citing facts & slapping down internet myths . 
  i 'm not in favor of it but see it as a minor issue . 
  are you infavor of continuing a bloated and undemocratic senate ? 
  trudeau is . 
  undemocratic house of government with high paid tax-funded jobs for life  red tape for interviews, 
  but that sums up the liberal campaign , ignore the big issues like , you know , the economy , and focus on freakin ' burka rights . 
  i just get so dang frustrated . 
  i 'm not a red neck and i 'm not from hollywood either . 
  i 'm ... i 'm complicated !, 
  so to confirm , it 's just a stranger 's rifle that takes up an exotic slot ? 
  `` i ca n't be bothered , go online and read the grimwah '', 
  the entire package was a huge rip off . 
  useless after the first day . 
  shaders ? 
  locked to class , if you dont like it on that character it 's useless . 
  emotes ? 
  locked to class , inferior to the new emotes which are n't locked . 
  i paid for hammer time , i should get it on my main , not my titan i never use . 
  why werent you using the mythoclast ? 
  class item would have ruined it, 
  moonwalk !, 
  3 of coins was not patched in 3 hours . 
  they gave us the full weekend to take advantage of it . 
  except it was n't fixed in hours , we had fun with that for , what , weeks ? 
  there 's still hope that iron banner and trials will drop 320 gear . 
  they have to . 
  because right now the game heavily favors pve players over pvp players . 
  if you are a pve player you 'll have way higher light than pvp players in ib and trails , severely punishing pvp players in pvp events . 
  which is total horse shit . 
  not true, 
  even bungie outlined it , and for trials pvp players can only get as high as around 300ish , while pve players will be closer to 320 . 
  that 10-20pt spread is a huge advantage . 
  both halves ? 
  sorry but pvp does n't give you anything , that 's the point . 
  someone who plays pve exclusively will have an advantage when competitive pvp events occur . 
  someone who plays pvp exclusively will be at a disadvantage at their own game . 
  majority do not play both , not by a long stretch . 
  majority play pve and will do iron banner when that comes around 1 week of the month for a couple days , in my experience . 
  level 40 never meant anything , it was as irrelevant as level 20 within 1 day of ttk coming out, 
  needs a matching shader, 
  since my username is mister rahool , i really really really want the cryptarch emblem, 
  how is it double rng ? 
  especially since the story that was pieced together was still linear but with incoherent side missions, 
  and what do they do now ? 
  add ` quests ' which make the storylines more linear . 
  i 'm sure the original writer is facepalming somewhere, 
  he should haunt them like they haunted him, 
   but the general idea is that since we killed oryx inside his dread , which is his throne world , he is now permanently dead . 
  touch of malice is oryx though . 
  we take up his mantle now , and in the book , doing so is part of bringing them back . 
  he even speaks to us through the gun still . 
  you think they thought of this before they thought of microtransactions ? 
  they likely planned microtrans first ages ago , and thought of this as part of it . 
  needs croto 's end raid gear, 
  it 's never too late . 
  you can play the story mode and honestly you can get to level 40 with very little effort . 
  after that is the end game stuff and though people get obsessed with always being maxed out , just go at your own pace . 
  it only turns into a race if you have a group of friends who are all at some high level and you start to feel like you 're lagging behind them , but if you 're solo , then no pressure . 
   while it 's only the halloween stuff , paying real money gets you the opportunity to get your masks quicker to finish out the quest lines faster . 
  quest lines that give you more easy to acquire cosmetic crap that has no in game benefit, 
  but that more than ever is evidence of them locking content on the disc and just drip feeding us what we paid for so that it can be marketed as `` free dlc '', 
  which is great marketing , people love the word ` free ' . 
  was n't that map in the grimoire and made ages ago ? 
  the emotes had nothing to do with it , it 's like thanking emotes for no time to explain . 
  is n't everything ? 
  none of this stuff was made on the fly , especially in light of the kotaku article showing how their dev tools are so slow to work with, 
  well , yeah , duh . 
  no jim , this is a safe space , you can use the n-word here . 
   body of evidence that is showing that trans people tending to have the dymorphisms of the brain of the gender they believe, 
  source ? 
  sound 's like b.s. 
  to say that someone was born with a brain that embraced specific gender roles . 
  psychological gender has nothing to do with biology . 
  does the brain morphology , absent the corresponding hormones in the body , still process information differently ? 
  and in what ways does this information change ? 
  edit : love how the tumblerite trans-warriors are downvoting legitimate questions , lol, 
  interesting , thanks, 
   guillamon is n't sure whether the four regions are at all associated with notions of gender . 
  guillamon thinks such scans may not help in all cases . 
  `` research has shown that white matter matures during the first 20 to 30 years of life , '' he says . 
  `` people may experience early or late onset of transsexuality and we do n't know what causes this difference . '', 
  i 'm an abrasive person . 
  um , nobody noticed this yesterday ? 
  this was on bungie.net all day, 
  i 'm da real mvp, 
  an emote of the guy on the left making it rain specs of glimmer would be amazing, 
  forever tarnished once it came out that the `` law '' he was throwing money at was completely made up by his writers,
