  countries dont exist , there is only 1 city for and its been there for 700 years . 
  there shouldnt be any regional accents from the old world . 
  past lives if they are guardians , i guess , you 're right , since they have been dead `` for a long time '' and not reintegrated into the city 's culture, 
  i dont disagree , just saying ebola has been seen near the kenyan border, 
  still , vex can calculate human thought patters , exo are machines like the vex, 
  based on the comments here and article text , saying `` spain is closer to ebola than kenya '' is relevant , but saying ebola made it to the kenyan border is not . 
  case in point , the article directly says `` hough she was in kenya , which is separated from the ebola outbreak by at least five countries . '', 
  -- which is wrong . 
  perfectly logical . 
  its possible . 
  they regenerate their limbs . 
  right , you even hear rasputin rambling nonsense in russian during the end-mission timer, 
  fairy dust, 
  from :, 
   `` there 's no one to blame , it is not their fault or ours . 
  it is the misfortune of being born when the whole world is dying . '', 
   `` there is no immortality of soul , thus there is no greater good . 
  therefore everything is permitted . '', 
  ( a reference to the brothers karamazov ), 
   `` if , as they say , the coming events cast their shadows ahead of time , then the past events can not but leave their reflections behind them . '', 
   `` the whole natural order stands as evidence of a progressive movement toward an elevated state of being . 
  [ bicentexol man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5ymewx2-88 ) was popular too, 
  yeah , how they look * today * . 
  the city is 700 years old , everything has assimilated by that point . 
  i drive over everyone, 
  basically anything is better than dinklebot, 
  great poast, 
  like bender on futurama, 
  yeah , when we respawn we 're just backup versions of ourselves being recreated with , i assume , glimmer, 
  we 're just as artificial as the vex, 
  so just as i 'm keeping score , stepan bandera declaring ukraine independent in neutrality with germany is demonic awfulness , but the soviet union plotting together with hitler to carve up several countries and massacre tens of thousands of people is `` okay '', 
  what 's the mean jerk time ? 
  its already been translated , on the wiki, 
  nobody i played with regularly has left . 
  1 got cod and has already got bored with it . 
  love how you brought up right sector and svoboda out of context and made up a completely random statement to slander them with, 
  and by `` does '' we of course mean `` did n't at all but its a fun narrative to use to deflect from our own fascist policies '', 
  while kills give points , having 4 guys secure and then take a point gets your team a lot more points than everyone running off to get kills . 
  you 'll get enough kills traveling from point to point anyway . 
  why did n't you put two and two together and say that xur is part of the 5th race ? 
  concept art has a lot of smoke , all their stuff is in black , etc, 
  motes are better than nothing . 
  i ranked up dead orbit twice and both times i just got the damn cape . 
  2 in a row here , i feel your pains, 
  buy exotic armor , shard it, 
  i preferred me1 , when i got to 2 it all felt weird and i stopped playing, 
  ( the second time i played through the first two , the first time there was enough of a gap that it didnt bother me ), 
  so what ? 
  does n't make it less of an invasion, 
  it 's really a shame how things turned out, 
  but you 're a man , baby, 
  it actually a khajiit, 
   for example the russian submarine off the cost of sweden , was entirely fabricated by the media . 
  you people are something else . 
  wow , you 've got to be pretty daft to interpret an official denial of a `` hunt '' as `` intelligence gathering '' and turn it into `` there was no sub '', 
  laughable . 
  why not 13 then ? 
  and the level-up before that i got the same cloak . 
  dead orbit is worst than rahool . 
  pretty happy with the blacksmith shader , i can deal with the yellow-khaki pants, 
  seriously ? 
  lol welcome to the internets, 
  he 's basically a combination of walter white and dale gribble, 
  why ? 
  gold chests dont even have anything good in them to begin with, 
  oh wow , spirit bloom, 
  i would actually love this, 
  * xbox one, 
  * lvl 30 hunter, 
  * vog , weekly heroic strike , w/e, 
  * mic, 
  * gt : i am the hague, 
  * http://www.bungie.net/en/legend/1/4611686018433242693/2305843009224049274, 
  * hello !, 
  which makes this game more of a paid beta than a normal full game . 
  we 're constantly providing feedback and they are working on it constantly . 
  i have a hard time sympathizing since rng was favorable to me in the vault . 
  got a full set in like 2-3 play throughs . 
  my single hard mode completion gave me the helmet , mythoclast , and bike . 
  i havent opened all of them . 
  i found one the other day and it had 1 spirit bloom and 25 glimmer . 
  sorry , aint nothing golden about that . 
  ill double check but it looked gold and my buddy told me specifically `` have you got this gold chest yet ? '', 
  and pointed it to me, 
  you need people to help you with a solo mission ? 
  seriously ? 
  i just did it , it takes 10 minutes , you could have done it by now, 
  xur is part of the darkness . 
  he matches the 5th race concept art , and has triangles on his arm band and coat , which match the black pyramids from the concept art . 
  maybe the dark mirror to a white sphere is a black pyramid ? 
  this . 
  this brings up another issue , but there needs to be a lot more gear to unlock for reaching new levels via rep. 
  i mean , each faction has the exact same set of armor ( minus vanguard/crucible , who have their own different set ) and they are all just reskins . 
  1 set each , all unlockable at level 2 . 
  there needs to be higher level stuff to unlock , even if its just cosmetic , give us something to shoot for . 
  heck , they should have raid gear level stuff if you can get to a high enough faction level . 
  giving rep at checkpoints would be a good way of penalizing those who just go idle at the start and let the 2 other guys finish the strike on their own, 
  i guess to qualify you 'd have to fire at least one shot , same rules as entering a public event, 
  game 's a beta and / r/destinythegame are the beta testers, 
  agree , playlists should start at level 20 but i guess they wanted to give sub-20s a way to help level up,
