  it 's sad you 'll never get to experience what we experienced , grinding out the vault, 
  now we just cheese bridges, 
  well , we are , because they sure as hell are n't, 
  not just another dimension , it 's hell . 
  itd be cool if the grimoire had actual content , and not just fragments and random quotes, 
  the last city is not in russia . 
  russia was wiped out in 2015 . 
  did you not see the skeletons ? 
  nope . 
  when you look out the tower , do you see fields of broken down airplanes and giant rocket ships ? 
  the refugee / dialects theory is bunk . 
  the city has been there for what , 700 years ? 
  it only takes a generation or two to assimilate . 
  there 's no reason the city should n't have its own accent , much less regional accents from a world that stopped existing hundreds of years prior . 
  i just want a light-36 warlock vog helm . 
  it would give me incentive to dive back into the vault to get one , because i 'd know i could use it . 
  i 'm not afraid of a professional bicycle driver, 
  name an example . 
  what troubles me is them saying they have no intention to make a higher level vog . 
  there seems to be a lot of backlash over all things dlc . 
  the polygon and kotatku articles were good at expressing what many are vocal about in the community . 
  we know they read this stuff . 
  it 's also telling that they have been extremely quiet since the release of the dark below . 
  last week 's thursday update said nothing , and i wonder what will happen today . 
  i really hope they do something to fix the problems they made , but the problem is ... they are making these problems . 
  if they do n't have the foresight to see this coming , what hope is there ? 
  everything is one step forward two steps back . 
  * it 's now easier to get materials !, 
  ( yay ! ), 
  * we now have more currencies & materials to grind for !, 
  * we upgraded your vex to be better than all exotics ( yay ! ), 
  * the vex is now the least powerful exotic in the game !, 
  ( wtf no ! ), 
  * we 're making it easier to get level 30 gear to be ready for the new raid !, 
  [ ie , iron banner ] ( yay ! ), 
  * level-33 gear for everyone , level 30 gear is useless !, 
  ( stop ! ), 
  i love both , and i 'd like to be able to use both and mix up my gear . 
  what i hate about this game is that everyone wears the same stuff . 
  i loved that the iron banner gave level 30 gear last time because i could mix and match , now it 's useless and we 're back to 3 raid pieces & an exotic, 
  chinatowns are mostly 1st and 2nd generation immigrants . 
  jewish diaspora does n't speak a different language or have a regional accent . 
  love open air . 
  i used to do it , albeit in a junkier way , and got made fun of for me `` pile '', 
  i use corrective measure on crota . 
  i get criticized for not using rockets , but a steady stream of 300-dmg correction really helps . 
  there is a perception that the rockets do great impact damage , but having non-stop dps also helps bring the bar down . \\, 
  first time i fucked up and used an ammo synth and was reloading and my team was like `` who is n't shooting ?? '', 
  - it 's clear when people are n't . 
  but next time , i used it and took him down too quickly , and the sword bearer was n't ready yet . 
  lol, 
  the good thing about cm is that it has a constant dps with that 100 round magazine . 
  while everyone is reloading their shit , i see his shields rapidly dropping , and can perfectly time when to stop . 
  i remember being told i could n't snipe knights because i had an ice breaker but was level 30 . 
  it takes 2 headshots to take them down . 
  level 31 now with maxed new icebreaker ? 
  still 2 headshots . 
  ( edit : 2 headshots with maxed 331 icebreaker ), 
  this article sums up the problems :, 
  basically , bungie gave away gear with the vendor stores to get everyone to level 31 , because they wanted to make it so everyone could skip the vault of glass and play the new dlc . 
  i changed my gear up and was level 27 . 
  i sticky grenaded a level 31 and he wouldnt die . 
  tested it a few times . 
  4 level difference means grenades dont kill , for one, 
  i spent tons of hours doing vog legit only for bungie to give everyone level 33 gear , so i do n't give a shit if people cheese anymore, 
  you can go from level 20 to level 31 with minimal effort , so why is level 31 to 32 of concern to you ? 
  100 rounds in the magazine , 2 more 100 round magazines in my pocket, 
  i agree . 
  i 've just resigned myself to how much they 've broken the progression system . 
  bungie ruining levels 21-31 hurts much more to me than cheesing from 31-32 . 
  consider yourself lucky , i got a legendary shotgun i immediately dismantled, 
  i was screwing up and they blamed me being a level 30 , but it was because if you hit the first head shot , they stumble , and you can get the second one, 
  if you miss the first one , they may turn on their sides , or pop a shield , and it falls apart from there, 
  2 shots , but i was rocking a maxed ib 2.0, 
  but definitely 2 critical shots , i was on sniper duty for a while , only thing i was doing, 
  i have the upgraded one , 331 damage , that 's why . 
  i guess you could call me magical . 
  then who is she talking to on her walkie talkie ? 
  my ib is 331 , true max !, 
  cut the apologies , the game is literally an ` early access ' model paid beta, 
  except this is a dlc and literally everything in it has some sort of bug or glitch , and it 's not even a big dlc, 
  and this is n't one programmer in a small studio , but a huge team with a lot of resources to problem solve, 
  how are they going to patch this one ? 
  its not even a cheese , just game physics ( flying to upper level ) and ai ( thralls cant find you ), 
  yes, 
  and there are 7 rooms where the chest can spawn , you have a 1/7 chance of it being there , maybe more , maybe less, 
  i had it spawn there on one run , and in other rooms on others, 
  best bet is to go to the first room , if not , then circle back to home . 
  then run for the 2nd room , which is along the same wall after the second lamp, 
  if its not there , follow the same wall , you should be able to get to rooms 3 , 4 , and 5 maybe, 
  but it ** is ** filled with many bugs and unimplemented systems , the clearly unfinished story is just icing on the cake, 
  yay , more invisible walls to tell us how to properly play the game, 
  thanks for fixing your screw up , bungie, 
   unless you meant a 331 ib, 
  i did , sorry, 
   if you think otherwise i would kindly suggest you experience the titles i previously mentioned : ac : unity and halo : mcc . 
  `` destiny is n't bad , whatabout how bad halo and ac were this year ? '', 
  comparing destiny with the two most slammed games of the season is n't a shining endorsement of competence . 
   as per the unfinished story , the story is finished . 
  it 's has workable and cohesive plot .
