  a ) you can still `` boost '' in classic , then, 
  b ) how often do you run into boosters or cheesers ? 
  virtually never, 
  a ) then what 's the point ? 
  b ) i really disagree . 
  i 've caught guys boosting maybe once in my life . 
  i know , right !, 
  i hated the flames . 
  better would be a streak bonus like vanguard has , play more games in a playlist in a row , increased chance to get drops, 
   the next expansion to destiny , which is code-named `` destiny 2 '', 
  i 'm glad they are finally reporting it as an expansion and not some stand-alone sequel people are inventing in their heads . 
  itll be an expansion, 
  i dont think it guarantees that future expansions will be released for old consoles . 
  i think we all know that it 'll be the same engine running the game for quite some time , franchises rarely do engine changes other than updates . 
  everyone had them 7 days a week and they were tacky !, 
  i lost a rumble match ( not top 3 ) and it did n't proc , carried over to the next game . 
  came in 2nd and it disappeared ( got nothing , but assume it worked ), 
  nope . 
  they 've confirmed that your character will 100 % carry over , and that it 's a big release . 
  we do n't know much else . 
  i think the problem then comes in how many things you can get on one screen , area sizes , etc. 
  memory is still a huge issue for last gen. 
  they can do a lot more with the current engine but it 's held back by last gen. 
  i never hip fire so that hasnt bothered me , but i do feel like the range or damage with my split shifter has been off . 
  guys who i felt i got a full blast on not dying . 
  what is the damage reduction ? 
  same , as a hunter , using it briefly was really fun in pve , want to try it in pvp ... 
  that cant be right, 
  or you could , you know , still have your year 1 version in the vault, 
  itll get boring , it needs to be a monthly event so we 're left wanting more, 
  i think over time with enough maps it could be robust enough to be a 24/7 thing, 
  my friend and i were talking about it and i was like `` i 'm going to go shard my old ass one and get the new one right now '' , he was like `` no nono no no , check out the description '', 
  instantly happy , saved me 150 marks . 
  honestly , i probably wo n't use it for trials , so it 's fine . 
  pve ... i 'll wait on an egram drop for now . 
  too much kick to use ? 
  lol come on, 
  lol what ? 
  dude , fusions are as good as ever . 
  ads has n't changed , and ads was fine before . 
   now it is impossible to hit anything with it , even at point blank range . 
  that 's just a weak argument . 
  do n't blame the gun . 
  the thesan has great range and stability . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the spread is minimal . 
  the video is pretty clear about that . 
  are you using coils ? 
  ( though ssp is 74 impact ), 
  long far gone ( 76 impact ) does 40 damage and is a total beast, 
  however , lfg with acc . 
  coils drops it down 34/bolt with low stability so nothing hits . 
  nevermind , can confirm , 38 per bolt . 
  i was wondering why sometimes guys did n't die last night and i needed to swap to primary / throw another charge at them . 
  i really want this . 
  true . 
  i agree . 
  zero reason to use it over an lfg since they have virtually the same charge rate ( and lfg has way more aim assist ) . 
  would rather 5 bolts get me 200dmg and not 190 , that part 's a no-brainer . 
  it 's 68 impact , so i 'm going to say it for sure does less than 38 . 
  lfg with acc . 
  coils goes down to 34 . 
  could abyss go lower than 34 ? 
  that 'd be cringeworthy . 
  grasp of malok only lost 1pt to headshots and no points to body shots , so it 's still just as good as before . 
  yup . 
  felt good yesterday in my limited use, 
  `` heuheuheu u should change it to gyaradosfilet !, 
  i had like 8 kills a game with that fusion 3 games in a row , they 're not all fluke shots . 
  sorry , just trying to say it 's still effective . 
  as someone who uses fusions exclusively and always ads 'd , i really noticed no difference yesterday outside of the split shifter 's damage reduction . 
  i 'll take a closer look at range tonight , but i really did n't feel that the grouping was off to the point of borking my shots that were further out . 
  got one last night , so far love it . 
  i 'm not a titan main , but this is making it fun enough to use more . 
  one thing i love about it is double-forward boosting with tg and then doing fist of havoc with headstrong - you cover so much distance its crazy, 
  one thing i hate is that lunar elegy is literally the only shader that works with it, 
   this item has single handedly forced me to consider full timing titan from a die hard hunter ... 
  i used up all of my glass needles yesterday trying to get int/dsc with arc armor . 
  no dice . 
  hm , if they made charge rate faster at the expense of damage , isnt that like having acc coils built into it now ? 
  gif 'd that for you, 
  coils come at the expense of both impact and a possible stability perk . 
  without stability , you have nerfed range ( due to spread , think of shot package ) . 
  so without range and impact , it 's a super close weapon with a charge time - better off with a shotgun if that 's the case ( imo , but i hate shotguns ) . 
  with range perks , you get more distance and faster bolt travel-speed , but with the stability kicking a lot of your shots will miss at anything outside of close range anyway . 
  i never had a problem with the thesan 's charge time and never touch coils outside of plan c. 
  are you talking hip or ads ? 
  what year is it !? 
  that 1200 number is such bullshit . 
  black on black violence is much higher in the us , but you wont see black people calling for a national inquiry into self-inflicted violence . 
  also , 1200 missing and/or murders in 35 years is nothing . 
  35 people missing a year out of 1.4 million . 
  how do they keep pretending these are large numbers or that their murders are more important than the rest of canadians ? 
  edit : and only 120 of those 1200 were unsolved , they are bitching that 90 % of cases were solved , the same rate as the rest of the country for the same crimes . 
  like 10, 
  what , your waist size does n't fluctuate wildly week to week ? 
  i think he 's just asking for reform , which is n't that bad to ask for . 
  ukraine recently abolished its police and replaced it with a new police force altogether . 
  then there is no need to transition if they were born with a female body and a penis . 
  so they are n't trans .
