  i think anther tier of super-rare is needed . 
  i wouldnt mind 2 exotics on my character , especially since most all legendary gear in the game looks identical . 
  i dont want to play with people who do n't have mid-way bathroom and smoke breaks, 
  op is a bathroom fascist, 
  gt = [ i am the hague ] ( http://youtu.be/bzbancplvqq?t=28s ), 
  i dont get how they fixed the legendary engrams to only give you legendary level gear , and yet the legendary packages still give you freakin ' blues, 
  did both turn into ascendent energy ? 
  level 30 hunter looking for a group , how many are you at now ? 
   koolaidman79, 
  gamertag does not exist, 
  or just deep space where they didnt lose golden age tech and kept advancing, 
  shes not made by the traveler meaning shes an original exo, 
  last 2 times i ranked up dead orbit i got the faction item ( cloak ) . 
  two times . 
  in a row . 
  its very discouraging . 
  none of their armor is worth a damn , nor are their weapons , because as you pointed out we do raids and are in the end game . 
  the only thing left to grind for is maybe a cool legendary weapon with better stats than normal , or shaders . 
  and we grind and get absolutely nothing . 
  why even bother ? 
  ib is good for aetheon but worthless for all the adds in between . 
  better get a solid legendary primary that can take out oracles and harpys, 
  you can play as a 29 , half my fireteam last night were 29s and we beat it, 
  took us 3 cycles to get him last night, 
  true, 
  def need a few 30s in there , esp as relic holders, 
  ive noticed in halo 1 campaign that on respawn some items , like healthpacks and ammo disappear ( which should be there because they are part of the damn level ), 
  isnt that the funny thing though , they set the date in advance and couldnt meet their own street date . 
  then take something like rockstar and gta v . they did n't tell anyone the street date . 
  they kept it a secret while they worked on it until they knew it was done . 
  then they just dropped the date once they knew it was ready . 
  granted , it 's not out yet , but it 's clear by their secrecy that they wanted to get things right over having a long runing marketing campaign with an arbitrary street date . 
  i had a bug in halo 1 today . 
  i had a checkpoint and then decided to wipe and manually go back to my checkpoint , and it sent me 2 checkpoints back . 
  looks like a willy wonka shader, 
  peter stormare does the dead orbit guy , not having more of him is a crime against humanity, 
  you 're older than your mom ... 
  i thoguht nightfall only helps xp , it helps rep too ? 
  praise him, 
  i always thought it was a reference to the gates of ishtar, 
  never thought to consider ishtar was a person / diety , just a place, 
  i usually never use the relic . 
  ever . 
  but the other day i was in a group and as one of only three 30s they needed me to use it . 
  and i 've always avoided it because i suck with it and do n't want people pisssed at me . 
  ( i 've also got a maxed icebreaker and voc , so i 'm much more useful dpsing aetheon and taking out oracles ), 
  but since there was no other options , rng would put me with two 29s who werent good enough , they told me to just do it and learn . 
  and they were cool with wiping while i tried to get the handle of it for the first time . 
  and it was awesome to not have that `` omg get someone else who can do it '' attitude fill the room . 
  hell , even when they implied it 'd be better if someone else could do it , they would apologize that it was nothing personal and it 's not my fault . 
  yeah . 
  i was thinking the benefit would be double the raids , but since i 've yet to do two raids in a single week , the practical benefits are pretty much nill outside of double class material ... and i have 1000 sapphire wire now, 
  they need to have a story first before they can have a prequel, 
  yup , got all raid gear in maybe 2 weeks , 
  how do i get the update ? 
  i take it the patch destroyed destinypublicevents.com ? 
  i always go for the devil walker on the divide . 
  i did one before the patch and it was -5 ( as usual ) , and then when i went again post-patch it was so late that when i checked the time again it was +10 for the next one . 
  and the devil walker is never more than -5 late . 
  ever . 
  so disappointed that the patch did absolutely nothing to help us farmers, 
  strange because on the other hand virtually every time im invited by randoms to do a raid they are all nice guys, 
  well , minus the one time there were these 2 french guys ... 
  i levelled twice . 
  first time i got 2 legendary items and a mote of light , second time i got 2 legendary engrams that both turned into exotic items, 
  its a good streak to be on . 
  ( im level 33 on crypty ), 
  bad day for me to have practically zero glimmer ... 
  best way to farm glimmer ? 
  i cant believe im asking that question again , it feels like september, 
  what if you have 3 accounts ? 
  do they transfer to the vault ? 
   let the last enemy in the first wave kill you until it runs out . 
  what ? 
  also , ammo for auto and scout is way better than raid gear gloves, 
  running out of ammo on hm raid while massacring supplicants , i will appreciate the scout rifle ammo perk over normal raid gloves, 
   in your vault so when stuff like this happens you have more than 25k glimmer at your disposal, 
  or just cash them in at the time rather than blow vault space, 
  well sure , i 've got infinite consumables , but is there a specific level or patrol run ? 
  or go to level x and then wipe at y ( and repeat ) ? 
  oh , i see what you mean now , thanks for the sga, 
  i 'm not trying to get around the cap though , but get to it, 
  does ib give glimmer ? 
  i guess if it does then this problem will solve itself ( was trying to figure out how to divide time between farming and ib ), 
  thx !, 
  i wan na raid with you now, 
  as black as the darkness, 
  dont need anything over 6 tbh, 
  silent hills, 
  did you at least go exploring off in the areas where theres lots of gorgons that its too hard to pass through ? 
  10 100pt bounties at 10 % buff , you get 100pts bonus ... or 2 wins worth, 
  not worth the effort to organize this, 
  it 's the past , not ` mars ', 
  the reason is , and lore supports this , is that the vex go back in time, 
   the vex are suspected to be attempting to rewrite the universe . 
  to implant themselves so far forwards and backwards in time that they existed before all else and will exist until all else dies . 
  so the more advanced ones are in the past because they came from the future , and the descendants look older because they havent advanced to that point yet in the future, 
  right ? 
  you havent seen anywhere ? 
  seriously ?
