  it worked . 
  thinking about re-buying it for console as well since i didnt care for it on pc, 
  cant decide which one has worse hair, 
  this guy makes no sense whatsoever . 
  there are no maidan supporters with the insurgents . 
  but those arent actual xbox live gold, 
  i cant , cant grab shit, 
  how the hell are you buying things with smartglass from work ? 
  smartglass is useless unless you 're on your home wifi . 
  and even then , you click the ` store ' app and it just tries to launch it on your xbox , there is no store app on smartglass . 
  i just updated it and i have the option to ` buy ' now but even when clicked it says only works on home wifi , not mobile data ( which is dumb , since i can buy it separately on xbox.com on any network in the world ), 
  here is what i get when trying to buy madden 25, 
  i found it , kinda . 
  i think it 's an error with ea access . 
  madden 15 worked if i went to the left pane and went to store that way . 
  searching had no results . 
  ea access free games like fifa or madden 25 give me the error message , but ` buying ' the madden demo via eaa was fine ( since it counts as a $ 0.00 purchase ), 
  that was the first mistake i was making . 
  the second was using an ea access title to test , since there appears to be an error with those 4 titles ( the buy button is replaced with a `` play on ea access '' button , which the app recognizes as opening an app and not a purchase , even if you 've never installed it ), 
  paying $ 120 for a discount defeats the purpose of said discount, 
  sorry but that 's a lot of games to buy at retail , something most people do n't do because they do n't have unlimited budgets to buy every game that comes out . 
  makes more sense to rent or buy used down the road for some o those one-and-dones ( or , you know , steam sales ), 
  i know this guy on my forum who does that , beats the game in a week and trades it in ... has some system worked out for maximum savings , but it just seems obsessive . 
  how do you even share clips ? 
  i see no way to do this . 
  i see upload lets you edit , but theres nothing to record or share, 
  infuriating, 
  they intentionally took it out so next year they can market it as `` now will all the features you love ! '', 
  bastards . 
  you just name dropped $ 500 worth of retail games in the span of 2 months . 
  you ca n't talk about being frugal and well budgeted and then drop stacks on video games like that . 
  that 's not realistic for most people , or anyone really . 
  if you 're an adult and spending $ 250 a month on video games then i feel bad for you . 
  there 's also a link in the text to a lithuanian source, 
  as usual , russian trolls trying to downvote legit news because they do n't like it making russia look , well , evil, 
  the alternative that he was kidnapped by ukrainian forces is a bit absurd . 
  he was kidnapped 12 days ago , presumably they knew who took him , and now they found him dead . 
  nobody put a single person on trial , but saying the perpetrators were from a specific group is pretty easy to determine . 
  just like mh17 . 
  you mh17 deniers are very much like holocaust deniers . 
  you should have a bbq together or something . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  300 people were murdered and you want to sit there and throw stones and protect the murderers . 
  only in russia . 
  i 'm not going to google that for you . 
  there 's more than enough evidence . 
  i know how you ` deniers ' work , i waste my time showing you facts and you have convenient excuses as to why `` that does n't count '', 
  911 was a hoax , there 's no evidence , the moon landing was fake , elvis is alive, 
  why ? 
  macbooks are the best . 
  hps have garbage build quality and garbage battery life . 
  `` red dicks '', 
  right now ea access gives you 10 % off digital games , so there 's that vs. physical, 
  unless you plan to trade a game in relatively soon before it devalues , i dont see the point to physical ( if we 're talking retail , used physical games on amazon/ebay are a great value ), 
  they must really love hps ... ? 
  where can i read an unbiased source on this zoe quinn thing and what she did ? 
  googles top results are all about misogyny and sexism and some unprovoked narrative, 
  this should have come stock with the controllers in the box . 
  they dont even come with chargers , crazily . 
  wireless charging would have been a one-up on sony , instead of a step behind, 
  i just found out about the whole resume thing today ( bought my xb last week ) . 
  turned it on and was pleasantly surprised to have my game pick up where i quit last night and shut it down . 
  nice feature . 
  why . 
  not true , this would mean we could play xbox one games on our pc, 
  30 second commercials for one video ? 
  how about sitting through an entire show just to see the single video you wanted show up in the rotation ? 
  vevo is some space aged craziness compared to the 90s, 
  how did you possibly have respect for lavrov ? 
  ukraine does admit it 's a war against a foreign aggressor . 
  read the news . 
  russia is the only one denying everything like your average stormfront user . 
  twist ending : the russians are the mongorians, 
  more than that , it 's if the goal is to wipe that group off the face of the planet entirely, 
  in a country with mandatory conscription , would it not make sense to have your educated be officers rather than grunts ? 
  nope, 
  at least you 're living up to your username . 
  paragon is end game levelling stuff, 
  i have a crusader and was about the same , act 3 and already level 53, 
  the game is way too easy imo , i was unstoppable in act 1 and by act 2 i was basically keanu reeves, 
  thanks for the heads up op, 
  i literally made the decision to hold off buying an xbox until nhl came out next gen, 
  oh please , ea intentionally did this to screw people over and give them a `` new feature '' next year, 
  i dont even play eashl but i have no problem with people discussing it, 
  you just listed my only 3 games i care about, 
  interesting , i havent bought an nhl game since nhl 11 so its good to see that a ) 12-14 were a waste of money and b ) 15 is finally the upgrade ive been waiting for, 
  ditto for me and nhl 2003 . 
  i grew up with hockey and played it , but i was never really truly into it . 
  after 2003 and i started becoming educated on who the players were i got immensely more into hockey and by the next year i was watching games religiously, 
  since i stopped buying nhl in 2011 it probably correlates to how much i watch games on tv as well . 
  gm mode leads to fantasy hockey which leads to wanting to keep up with stats and games on a daily basis . 
  it 's like if cod was released with team deathmatch taken out and only 1 v 1 multiplayer, 
  just because some people want to play more after the game is over doesnt mean `` it doesnt start '' until then, 
  you can only judge a game on its base difficulty and out of the box playthrough . 
  expert mode is easier than fable . 
   in this case it does . 
  diablo has always been about the endgame . 
  i never played diablo 1 more than once . 
  i never played diablo 2 more than once . 
  never say always , or tell regular people how to game .
