  mythoclast, 
  the infinite theorem, 
  dragon 's breath, 
  corrective measure, 
  no land beyond, 
  not really, 
  you ca n't hack someone 's inventory, 
  yeah , i got two but that was with running tons of the `` kill the swordbearer '' quests every day to rank up eris , in addition to just killing the ones on patrols , so on the whole the drop rate was pretty low, 
  blah !, 
  why didnt you get yours ? 
  i got mine no problem, 
  and in canada it 's $ 99.99 , or in usd , $ 76, 
  hey brits , learn what an exchange rate is . 
  and what tax is . 
  op mentions it , but does not explain why it does n't destroy his argument . 
   it should be noted that the uk versions include sales tax at 20 % and the us versions do not . 
  us sales tax varies from 0 % to 10 % depending on the state with the majority falling somewhere in between . 
  right off the bat , it 's down from # 80 to # 64 , or $ 99 usd , or $ 25 less than what his stupid thread title included, 
  maybe the reason he imprisoned him was because he could n't kill him outright ? 
  let 's not open pandora 's box here . 
  oh , we are . 
  destroying the earth would be a good way to win favor among the other hive to grow his faction . 
   i should n't have even bothered with this gun since it 'll be left behind damage wise, 
  um , damage does n't matter in the crucible, 
  feeding frenzy / reactive reload is a waste, 
  the gun fires slow , and doesnt use up a lot of ammo per kill , so you 're better off going from one target to the next immediately , than wasting time reloading, 
  i prefer smallbore to give me more range, 
  i prefer smallbore + counterbalance over braced frame, 
  i prefer oas to sureshot . 
  the iron sights at the end it adds get in the way of my field of view . 
  hate it . 
  oas is open and clean and has added aa to boot . 
  pft , like anyone cares about iron boner, 
  and the average uk salary is 50 % higher than the average us one, 
  i 'm not convince a sacrifice even happened , i could have sworn everything was dead and i was just running around relic ` ing everything . 
  the person shooting there was a kinderguardian , i had a hard time believing they were the only one taking care of the point . 
  but yeah , glitchfest , anything goes in the time vault !, 
  maybe . 
  on my main hsp i run counterbalance so it 's already max stability for all intents and purposes , the range helps for the odd long range pick offs that would otherwise be sniper territory . 
  i may try re-rolling my other one for braced frame . 
  just run through it again , why do you care about doing it fresh ? 
  right , but i could have sworn at the time there were no vex left ( and nothing sacrificed before it ), 
  i disagree . 
  counterbalance gives it a perfect vertical and predictable spread which makes headshots easier and more accurate , especially at range . 
  i have two , i have tested , counterbalance wins hands down . 
  without they are clustered , and have greater spread , so at range bullets may miss the head . 
  i 'd rather aim for the chin and get 3 in the face than aim for the same and get a bullet going past the ear . 
  it 's so ironic that bungie 's actual response was to make a playlist for tkk with ** moar superz **, 
  agreed . 
  possibly a cool concept among the developers but whoever pushed to put it into the game is an idiot . 
  it 's going to be a shitshow . 
  do they even playtest this stuff ? 
  ummm , defender titans have great grenades . 
  they literally shut down other people 's supers . 
  actually , a playlist where every week it had a different weapon loadout would be cool . 
  ie , scouts , fusions , and lmgs only, 
  it does n't take a leap of imagination to know what getting supered over and over again feels like , that 's common enough in crucible . 
  like i said , cool concept but it has a high likelyhood to become broken once real players in large numbers get their hands on it . 
  really ? 
  have a friend who uses it a lot and he 's never mentioned any issues . 
  is it just a % that randomly does n't proc ? 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i had to pester him too . 
  my co-creator got his days before mine . 
  do n't take `` you 'll get it soon '' for an answer !, 
   here 's the thing : they only send out the emblems about once a month . 
  not true . 
  you 'd think so , right ? 
  i like the canada theory better, 
   it 's also plausible that russia was put in charge of planetary defenses and the exodus efforts . 
  well this would explain why the world ended . 
  dumb move . 
  jerry has always been broken . 
  i 'm so confused that he 's real . 
  they added him to the credits to insert him into our memories , it made sense the whole show that he was the original parasite ... and then he 's not ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  because i got mine after he responded , and saw another guy get his after requesting , and my friend got his 2 days prior . 
  there 's no set interval , its when they manually add it to your account . 
  i can tell already you 're a thorn-shotgun loser . 
   maybe the same armor but with different perks , similar to how prison of elders armor caters to certain enemy races, 
  the original armor already had perks for specific races . 
  vog for vex , ce for hive . 
  got a lvl 27 friend to do vog the first time as well . 
  kinda shitty to have to explain that the drops are going to be useless . 
  * scrolls past poe junk for nightfall info *, 
  is it massive ? 
  kinda, 
  it it multiplayer ? 
  yes, 
  is it online ? 
  why not just say weapons and armor then ? 
  the tabs should be titled to make sense, 
  just wait it out dude, 
  no , just the $ 80 version for * everything * or $ 40 for ttk alone, 
  i totally agree there should be a legendary edition and not force you to buy the stupid emotes . 
  well , they dont offer it anymore, 
  go with crowd control instead, 
  pitchfork ? 
  calm down frankenstein, 
  correct , it 's only physical , there is no digital version of it , just the $ 80 version where they force you to buy the emotes/shaders for $ 20 more,
