  b ) 1 person could ruin the whole game , it doesnt need to be red across the board, 
  c ) telling people to just quit the game is n't a solution to a problem . 
  the game should work , you should n't be forced to stop playing . 
  i 'm so glad i made the video version . 
  nothing else is getting done today . 
  pls, 
  i added the whole clip to the beginning of the video i put together so you can see the setup , 
  xbox one, 
  how ? 
  rumble is great , really gets your heart racing when you 're in the top 3 racing for the finish line, 
  i was trying to get my first win , freaking had the most kills but choked and lost by 20pts, 
  ive seen team america to know how this ends for hans brix, 
  shores of time, 
  damn , good idea , this is what happens when i rush-edit out a video, 
  * a million upvotes are not enough for mister rahool *, 
  i tweeted it to bungie with the hashtag , i guess that 's all i can do ? 
  fingers crossed , song on repeat till thursday, 
  i 'm playing now more than ever, 
  like op said, 
   i can probably reasonably assume that it 's going to involve a number of guardians falling . 
  so you were in the ballpark, 
  same . 
  it 's 100 % to do with the social aspect . 
  i 'd be bored if i didnt have people to do nightfalls / inviting me to do raids , or have multiple groups to play crucible with . 
  i remember my first lighthouse too , it was exhilarating, 
  also , getting my hopscotch pilgrim after 2 weeks of relentless grinding, 
  * teambagged, 
  this is a million times better than the original . 
  actually , fuck that , this is better than anything on the original soundtrack . 
   erm , what happened to jon weisnewski and his team ? 
  you said yourselves you had a team that seeks to find balance in the chaos . 
  where on earth are they and what are you paying them for ? 
  i agree totally with this part . 
  i mean , op made it clear enough , but these guys simply are n't doing their job , if this is their job . 
  i think we understand rome was n't built in a day and these things take time , but between the last balance and what seems to be the next expansion/sequel , this division of bungie seems to have totally just gone on vacation . 
  `` before the taken king '' could be literally the week before release . 
  congrats brotha ', 
  probably because year 1 sparrow is extremely generic, 
  the lord of wolves is hanging on the wall behind shaxx, 
   seriously . 
  i never get the complaints about `` doing the same thing over and over . '', 
  people are literally complaining about replay value . 
  in no other game do you willingly replay every level 50 times . 
  most other games are 30 hours and single play throughs that you never touch again . 
  a million deaths are not enough, 
  it 's as likely as it is unlikely . 
  everyone who said they would never do it ate their words when etheric light came out . 
  now they 've just gone back to their feedback loop . 
  talk by whom ? 
  exactly . 
  they got nothing but hate by making old guns `` obsolete '' after dark below , and they got huge positive feedback by introducing etheric light , both from fans and reviewers . 
  going back to dark below model makes no sense . 
  agreed . 
  there 's always better gear , i dont buy into that argument, 
  same reason a lot of our vaults are full : we like to switch things up, 
  i do :( and i boycott those guns, 
  but those 2 you mention are more of an op/nerf scenario , if they balance the guns , then people will spread out and pick one of the many top tier guns that suits their playstyle, 
  but those ` broken ' perks pertain to pvp , and all guns are max level in pvp - so those shotguns and final rounds will stay forever and nothing will get left behind, 
  only place it would get left behind is iron banner and trials , over time, 
  but if they really wanted to do something about these guns , they would . 
  they would not have added 3 more op shotguns in how to make pvp even crazier . 
  final round was grandfathered out , but left in . 
  same place as this guy, 
  totally agree . 
  it 's really mind bottling just how much they dropped the ball with the poe raid guns . 
  at least with tdb there were hive specific perks so we at least used them all the time for the raids . 
  one of the reasons i love combined arms . 
  your hand cannons & shotguns have no power here . 
  hopscotch still wins, 
  the hell is going through your head right now ? 
  that 's the definition of advertising ... 
  mid-august would be better , give them a full month to see how its going and tweak as needed, 
  months from now, 
   everyone uses / wants gjallarhorn to make dull , bullet-sponge enemies into less of a chore . 
  and hopefully with the tk bullet sponge bosses will go away and we can focus on fun mechanics - but that 's not possible if the only solution to every problem is gally spam . 
  seriously, 
  guys are whining that they cant turn into tripods and cheese bosses anymore, 
  cry me a river, 
  this, 
  that was my attempt at a cheeky title , final round is going away but wol can still troll people with 1-hit body shots, 
  i think this is a really cool idea , actually, 
  stop using the word meta incorrectly , or i will find you , and hurt you, 
  it only affects spammers, 
  were you guys really having fun spamming gallies at bosses and sniping mini bosses from a mile away ? 
  oh , it 'll take longer now ? 
  you 'll have to use some skill and stay alive ? 
  so if you had a gun that ended the mission in 2 seconds , you would have fun ? 
  i have two . 
  they did that with shotguns and ruined pvp for everyone, 
   legendary weapon drops : 20 ( 1 every 10 strikes ), 
   legendary armour drops : 10 ( 1 every 20 strikes ), 
  in my experience , this seems low . 
  legendaries drop every 3 strikes, 
  this one change is proof that we will be able to ascend year 1 stuff , no other reason to spend so much time tweaking all the old perks . 
  that , and they want us to see the new guns as better , because our old guns will suck . 
  default, 
  this video is another good reason why they cant take ascending out of the game . 
  having to start your gear from scratch every year because the previous year is obsolete will lose a lot of players who have invested a lot of time in the game . 
  i dont get the logic though . 
  you beat a raid the hard way , so it 's cool if you just grind it the easy way for the next several months ?
