  only the regions that border russia where they can send in their insurgents has there been problems . 
  why ? 
  you really found nothing ? 
  even though the article itself had multiple link references ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  except when they say they are working for the leader ponomarev , right ? 
  by the shirt , he appears to be a national bolshevist, 
  same bunch of wackjobs as the eurasianists and neo-fascist russophiles , of course . 
  i thought it was obvious it was photoshop , but then the upvotes came ... 
  time already did an exclusive interview with him , this isnt breaking news, 
  oh no my eyes are turnin ' bloodshot , i 'm goin ' on a trip , i look like i 'm doped out of my gourd, 
  well you could say that about any two ethnic groups geographically adjacent to one another, 
  this might be an example of what happens to ` neutral ' people, 
   one of the men , the first to speak , demanded to know whose side they were on , meaning were they for russia , or ukraine ? 
  instinctively they knew that there 'd be little to gain from expressing their pro-ukrainian allegiance so roman , 22 , told them simply : `` we 're on the side of peace . '', 
  but pacifism was not an acceptable position in the new donbass , the men told him , and they pressed the picnicking group again for an answer . 
  when roman and another of the men , pavel , 32 , reiterated a pacifist 's position , they were invited to `` come for a walk , '' so that they could be `` shown what peace really means . '', 
  and then they led the four young men in the group a short distance away from the lake . 
   `` they started beating us , '' says roman , `` which perhaps is n't so unusual in kramatorsk . 
  it happens . '', 
  but then , he says , he heard a deafening noise , a `` clap -- really loud , really sharp . '', 
  at first he did n't understand what had happened , but then he saw a hole had been shot clean through his friend 's hand . 
  even more frightening was how close his friend had been holding his hand to his body . 
  `` a few inches to the left and it would have gone into his stomach . '', 
  the men left in a hurry , seemingly satisfied with their work . 
  and the group of picnickers rushed their friend to a local hospital , where he was stitched up , bandaged , and given painkillers . 
  and we all know this was n't the only car with ballots, 
  next guns n ' roses album due 2035, 
  they are public about their hostage taking and summary assaults on anyone they view as a dissenter . 
  this story is all too common to just be written off as ` propaganda ' . 
  king jellybean ? 
  surely you mean crumply crumplestein, 
  how do you gather they have the support of the police ? 
  police are a wildcard turncoats who can be bought . 
  many members are from far-right / ultranationalist groups , so the svoboda connection is only a mild one . 
  i do n't think what they did to the police was particularly wrong . 
  you have to make them get down on the ground , how else do you enter a police station with guns , let them reach for their pistols and open fire ? 
  they let them get back up very soon once the room was secure . 
  hopefully these guys stay the course in taking back their country and do n't turn into homer simspson 's vigilante group, 
  however , they did not make the russian naval connection during the conference . 
  just st. andrew , and how they too , are very much like st. andrew . 
  ( good grief ), 
  the day russia accused the world of racial profiling, 
  apparently you do n't know the difference between a coup and a revolution . 
  did you just reduce an armed occupation/annexation t `` just a different person collecting your taxes '' ??? 
  wow, 
  well i 'm proud of op for backing the right team . 
  op isnt , source is . 
  op is good guy kubano . 
  congrats , you ignore 80 % of women, 
  he 's no tommy iommi, 
  this article was written in response to the wikipedia link , which censors competing narratives . 
  i 'm not even kidding , they have told other editors `` if you want to tell the neutral side of the story , make your own article about it '', 
  poles call it `` slaughter '' and ukrainians call it `` tragedy '' , and scholars refer to it in the neutral `` ethnic cleansing '' or `` civil war '' - but somehow `` massacres of poles '' got into the title ? 
  that 's so ridiculously against wikipedia policy on naming conventions and point-of-view pushing . 
  red army are national heroes in russia , ak are national heroes on poland , why should ukraine be any different ? 
  blood is on the hands of every army in history . 
  the article in no way heroizes the actions , so not sure why you 're calling for downvotes . 
  you 're right and i really reduced operation vistula to barely a paragraph , unfortunately . 
  it 's its own story altogether . 
  the figures was an executive decision , i mention the higher bound but with katchanovski ( who is hard on the upa ) saying the lower bound is more reliable , i took his lead . 
  ( snyder , who is terrific , puts it closer to 65-70 ) . 
  i think the point is depending on the perspective , it was more mutual than often presented . 
  you could still say it was a 2:1 ratio but that does n't take away from the other half . 
  the holodomor was in soviet ukraine so i 'm not sure how that would contribute to the radicalization of ukrainians against poles . 
  dual citizenship in ukraine is illegal , always has been . 
  well yeah , illegal as its against laws so it 's not recognized , did n't mean to imply it was a criminal act or anything, 
  fake news, 
  correct . 
  linguistically the region was ukrainian as well , only becoming more russian with post-ww2 colonization and russification policies, 
  i do n't believe i in any way tried to justify actions . 
  explain origins and consequences , but not justify . 
  by the same token , the us killed hundreds of thousands of civilians in japan , and lets not forget the [ firebombing of dresden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_dresden_in_world_war_ii ) ; should us veterans be shunned on the whole ? 
  the red army committed heinous atrocities , and on the push to berlin went on a [ raping spree ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_occupation_of_germany ) - should they not honor their vets ? 
  or even with the poles , their actions were reciprocal and massacres on ukrainians predated those on poles - should they shun all freedom fighters ? 
  unfortunately we get into this trap where you ca n't remember veterans without in a way justifying the bad to honor the good and you either end up in a balancing act or blocking the bad from memory altogether . 
  it 's the politics of memory and it 's not easy . 
  ps : i 'd also like to point out that bandera was in a german prison cell in 1941-44 and the massacres took place in 1943 . 
  you didnt know this ? 
  i thought that was the only way to do it ` properly ', 
  he 's fighting russia while buddying up with putin 's envoy , seems to be a conflict of interest . 
  it 's a moot point though , kolo will be stepping down from his position when this is over and they 'll be having regional governor elections , and there 's no way they ( central government and all rival political parties ) would allow medvedchuk to rig the election . 
  who cares ? 
  some no-name composer responds to an online fan post . 
  the guitarist for judas priest retweeted me today , i should make a thread about it, 
  except the rallies are to get back to war , not wait around . 
  so far the numbers kia have been accurate . 
  the numbers who they say they killed are probably off , but they are always unofficial , usually coming from a facebook account or something . 
  i fail to see how this is in any way interesting . 
  i still do n't know what they figured out , that the cities were related to colours ? 
  this is news ? 
  like purple, 
  you do n't know what pewter is ? 
  stop going to r/ukraine if you do n't want ukraine news, 
  i dont know but i would assume cinnamon so my first inkling would be reddish / dr pepper color, 
  nyt covered the same story in the same capacity :, 
  it 's ironic that medvedev 's statements would come shortly before lavrov would discuss just that , but that 's not `` misleading the public , '' that 's russia not staying within a unified party line . 
  i think that 's splitting hairs : no more talks , very difficult to talk again because of his dramatic mistake . 
  maybe you 're right that its an editorialized title , i do n't think its a big leap though . 
  medvedev very much made it sound like war with russia .
