  the fallen came to us ` with hope ', 
   remember the hope that brought us here . 
  [ ... ] always remember that we came to this star in hope . 
  and remember that we were denied !, 
  and also that the traveller `` might have saved them from extinction '' but we stop that and kept it for ourselves, 
  i 've always know its a dyson sphere , that much was obvious ( to me ), 
  but what is the sun ? 
  clearly the traveler has has sentience , it does things , its not just a ball floating around with a sun in the middle . 
  it flees the darkness , it fights , it isnt a rock . 
  so what is the sun ? 
  i think its an alien force , like the sol progeny . 
  a force so powerful and unstable it was trapped in the sphere . 
  a chaotic force - that 's why the vex want to control it . 
  a chaotic force that changes worlds , defies physics , defies reality . 
  i used it once and didnt like it . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  this thread is confusing the shit out of me . 
  the biggest problem is still the story , and that there are no cut scenes, 
  also , this is supposed to be about the queen and the queen gets literally zero role in it . 
  i have music on mute because the vanilla sound track is pretty awful . 
  i guess i 'll have to check this out then . 
  is that what we 're calling reusing maps from the base game ? 
  `` nostalgic '' ? 
  best part, 
  true , but she 's the most prominent figure in the trailer - she narrates it and the opening sequence . 
  the week lead up was doing bounties for the queen . 
  the tie in is doing this for the queen because we met her in the base game . 
  and then nothing . 
  rocking mine with no shaders at all . 
  satan does n't heed your shades . 
  this . 
  i havent see separate loot tables published anywhere . 
  is there confirmation anywhere that level 35 prison has a separate loot table with additional shaders and ships ? 
  op , i have some more for you !, 
   the traveler moved across the face of the iron world . 
  it opened the earth and stitched shut the sky . 
  again , the traveler is removing the sky . 
  this time on mars . 
  it has n't , because one of the top threads at the moment is imploring people to save their keys for level 35 because that loot table includes shaders and ships, 
  i was first surprised that there were zero cutscenes made for the game , which was odd enough . 
  then yes , i noticed that despite ` queens wrath ' and ` queen ' sets of weapons , she makes no appearance . 
  i also noticed the trailer showed a winter world , but all we got was re-hashed levels from the base game for the most part ( the strike notwithstanding , but like the other stuff , that was already on the disc ), 
  for the next expansion, 
  i 'd agree but the voice acting in this game is so bad ( eris , variks , basically everyone they hire ) that i 'd rather get the silent treatment than new cringeworthy memes, 
  she 's basically bin laden now , gon na drop pre-recorded videos from 2010 every now and then, 
  what would the last gen have to do with anything ? 
  cutscenes are mostly just exposition , talking . 
  the base game had them , every game has them . 
  we 're not asking for large action sequences . 
  sniping a walker is ` cheese ' now ? 
  id rather have 3 guys shooting him than 1 at a time, 
  et go home . 
  all the guys i play with think he 's awful . 
  yes ? 
  * gurgle * meesa thinks part of the problem is he has so few original lines and gets very repetitive . 
  kill them back . 
  yes ? 
  success . 
  that boss was rough the first go through , but even with it getting easier with time , solo would be hell with those damn shields and no one to draw fire away so you can go change weapons, 
  will have to try more of this tonight, 
  every void charge melee regens health if you 're hurt . 
  perhaps if that was the case , then spawning with melee energy would be the perk to make better for pvp like skullfort does . 
  not sure many will choose it for pvp though over voidfang or claws , definitely lower rung . 
  right . 
  yes , you need the energy drain charged . 
  it is literally the life steal perk but you do n't need to kill the enemy to trigger it , allowing a life steal + soul rip combo on hit . 
  if that 's true , then i 'll have to check again because i was n't looking for a delay that long, 
   ram allows you to survive a double tap to the head from thorn, 
  sga right there , thanks, 
  what do you mean by ` shield bonus ' though ? 
  yes . 
  and if you listen , the archon priest calls you a cocksucker . 
  seriously . 
  how 's story sucked , that 's why . 
  now , the grumpier ha some great info on this game . 
  if the stuff in the grumpier was put into the game , like in cut scenes , and told to players ... it 'd be a brilliant story . 
  unfortunately , bungie is doing more of the usual , hiding the story on their website and not attempting to tell one in the game . 
  the voice acting was/is terrible . 
  everything is over-acted, 
  did he give himself a promotion ? 
  that was probably the worst line in the campaign . 
  i hated eris more . 
  everything was so unrealistically dramatic . 
  nobody talks like that , and variks was more of the same . 
  petra sounded natural but she 's just lame . 
  i have it , can confirm , its all melees with a 3 second cool down between, 
  rare indeed , yes ? 
  success !, 
  spoiler alert !, 
  jk , awesome , game still throwing us surprises, 
  so , uh ... what is it ? 
  does the chest require a key , and what kind of rewards ? 
  statistically its only 50 stability , but it really seems better than that , no ? 
  considering the key gives you an exotic , i think its a good idea, 
  but probably should be expensive though , since you get a legendary gun too, 
  i went 9-0 but got a weasel disconnect for a round , and it gave me a loss even though i had the buff to disregard my first loss . 
  so i was screwed by the bungie weasel . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty much that but i can go hot here and there ; we have one beast on our squad and another like me . 
  great comms , assists , revives , etc. 
  and it makes for total domination .
