  the word doesnt even make sense, 
  will they get angry if i say they are atypical ? 
  really !? 
  :( one !? 
  so when i get 12 orbs on a tether , it would naturally make 11 ? 
  answered . 
  it 's on the site fwiw, 
  with skullfort you dont even need to bother with this , force barrier for days, 
  also blue noodle arms, 
  i like the changes across the board , but sunbreakers are still too overpowered . 
  they have super active for far too long still , needs a stronger cooldown if you 're throwing the hammers . 
  i punch punch punch, 
  i use unbreakable, 
  i disagree . 
  skullfort 2.0 is love . 
  huh ? 
  you get two melees . 
  it 's the only exotic i use on my titan , when i use my titan . 
  i used to use no backup plans in y1 . 
  but the question then becomes , whats better . 
  long effect , or having two back to back ( essentially unlimited ) melee effects ? 
  both seem to time up nicely so you always have one after the effect wears off . 
  skullfort kills also give you full health and ` nade energy . 
  considering the first queens wrath was literally nothing more than extra bounties , it 's not really comparable to what they 've done for sparrow racing . 
  queens wrath was a joke the first time ` round . 
  surprised that hotline bling isnt an option, 
  as a hardcore player , i should be in a position where , for example , i 'm waiting for a great roll on a split shifter pro to drop . 
  right now , i 'm just waiting for one to drop in general . 
  i get a crucible drop once every couple weeks at most . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  if you do n't like ` merica you can ggggget out . 
  i wish nightfalls had matchmaking , hate having to go on lfg to farm a friggin strike, 
  there was never a `` 10 year plan '' just like there was n't a `` 500 million budget '', 
  these are all just rough statements . 
   ** bungie has clarified with ign even further saying that yes , your progress will 100 % carry over to the sequel . 
   i see a legendary weapon dropping every 2 games and a legendary engram just about every game, 
  see this ? 
  this is a lie . 
  it 's the guns , not the engrams . 
  i think i saw one spare change drop in like 6 games , so 6 games x 6 players on the team - you have a 2-3 % chance of getting one of the droppable guns in an hour or so ? 
  that 's low . 
  there is no such thing as `` free content '' just timed content . 
  it 's only `` free '' to players who bought ttk , because it 's part of ttk . 
  i love the stuff they are putting out , but let 's not fall for marketing ploys . 
  speak of the devil , i finally got a split shifter pro today , second one in year 2, 
  dtr says sept-now i 've played over 1,100 games . 
  in other words , you have an ** 0.18 % chance ** of having a fucking fusion rifle drop in crucible . 
  all this said , if vendors actually re-rolled their inventory every week , that would lessen the blow as i 'm sure a great drop would come along for me to buy by now , but instead i 'm stuck on rng . 
  snipers are n't that bad , but the aa is a bit of an issue . 
  i 'm in the `` aa is an issue '' crowd but you are right , i also used efrideets exclusively and still hit some silly headshots, 
  part of it may be the base level , baked in aim assistance , not just the stickiness of the stat . 
  oh i 'm on board with you . 
  i think part of it is that people could get by with very low aa ( ie efrideets ) just fine , the extra aa may be a bit overboard similar to shotgun range, 
  i think it should be nerfed a bit , but not to hell . 
  though like shotguns , i think the biggest negative factor is lag . 
  much frustration comes from ducking under cover and then getting headshot . 
  those ones leave lasting impressions leading to this salt here . 
  it 's been a pleasure killing you , nothing more satisfying than shutting down a cheesebreaker . 
  blade dancer is far from op , it can get taken down by the opposing team very quickly , one shotgun to the head can do it , and it requires you to be literally in melee range . 
  oh , and 1/4 the time the hits dont even connect , and you have a limited amount of time to even use it, 
  i look forward do doing more of this next week, 
  my malok never ends, 
  man , that 's my perfect gun . 
  my skorris has braced frame and that 's my ideal roll , but counter/perfect would be just as good, 
  my current one has perfect balance/3rd eye/headseeker , but i really want more stability, 
  my last farming was 4 hours . 
  we all got jack shit . 
  pocket infinity is a primary , special , and heavy all at once . 
  that 's because trials is a snipefest and stormtrance is a close-range , non ranged super . 
  stormtrance is n't balanced because the guy was a moron . 
  i 'm a hunter ... 
  nope . 
  no way . 
  too many wipes . 
  would rather play with people i can talk to . 
  it 's almost like they 're ... time gating ... old content , so that we ... thank them ... for giving us our strikes back, 
  it 's only a matter of time before phogoth and omnigul return , both have y2 strike rewards . 
  obvious time gating is obvious . 
  the comment that shut xir down said enough . 
  good job . 
  what a dumbass . 
  `` fuck therapy for ptsd , they should have therapy for gender issues ! '', 
  so they have a weakness . 
  we can defeat them . 
  so dark below was `` giant and monolithic '' ? 
  that doesnt count, 
  why did they remove fireteams from rumble but not from classic ? 
  now i 'll just go play classic with my friends . 
  what is the point of doing it for once and not the other ? 
  why ruin the game for rumble players ? 
  i say that all the time , too . 
   exotic collector 's edition class armor may now be infused and now has the life exotic perk, 
   frontier ghost shell can now be infused, 
  so glad bungie listened to fans about this . 
  russian military teal ? 
  destiny 2 is being worked on by high moon studios as well as bungie , so who is the b team ? 
  uhh , what ? 
  i dont think its a diversity thing , she sells sparrows , naturally they get her to do sparrow racing, 
  but yeah , she sucks, 
  they used to , in year 1 .
