  different groups with different customs , clothing , expanding/contracting tribal borders , languages , etc. 
  all sum up what a tribe is, 
   a tribe is a distinct people , dependent on their land for their livelihood , who are largely self-sufficient , and not integrated into the national society . 
  in fact , the wiki goes on to say that `` nation '' or `` ethnic group '' is the pc equivalent . 
  wikipedia cites sources on the matter , you 're giving me an opinion that may not be widely shared . 
  and your analogy is backwards . 
  it would be like me saying `` realize '' and `` realise '' are the same thing , and you arguing that they are n't , and to never use `` realize '' because it does n't encompass all that `` realise '' conveys . 
   because intel paid pc manufacturers out of its own pocket for years to not buy amd 's chips . 
  um , that 's not a bribe . 
  that 's just being competitive and discounting yourself so you sell more . 
  intel cut their prices so oems went with the cheaper option , and amds priced themselves out . 
  that 's business . 
  how does anyone who plays pvp not have 300 + passage coins ? 
  also , if its slayer and he 's great , he doesnt even need coins for anything, 
  if you were playing trials all day you wouldnt need to throw games to complete a stupid bounty, 
  i dont believe you , that 's like , not getting motes of light, 
  someone must have said lgbq instead of lgbt and xe got xer gender-neutral panties in a bunch . 
  ironically , she identifies as a gay male, 
  thats a slippery slope of transphobia , burledwalnut, 
  yes , actually, 
  800 signature literal e-petition , cause for concern confirmed, 
  edit : from the article , it seems to be the source of her disinfo as well, 
   statements i 've seen such as `` the gay rights movement owes its existence to transgenders '' are completely false . 
   hairstyles with genocide, 
  my favorite, 
  well , now i feel superior to harvard alumni , at least, 
  i knew one of you would pop up, 
  xe 's probably bitter that gay guys wo n't date xer because xe 's not cisgender, 
  i think the simple answer is just special snowflake syndrom, 
  and , ironically , queer cultural appropriation, 
  it 's the highest degree of pedantry, 
  i downvoted because this is just typical stormfront crap , not tumblrina stuff, 
  hello genderneutral person , what pronouns do you prefer ? 
  - greetings cis , i am spivak, 
  excellent , i 'm well versed in spivak speak !, 
  ey shouldnt have to explain my pronouns to you cister, 
  this is the best thing i 've ever seen, 
  but wearing jeans and a hoodie makes you a guy . 
  only if thon is n't, 
  i couldnt process this . 
  the original question-asker is a sad excuse for a human , but the reponders : both the idiots assuming he 's a trans and calling him a ` her ' , and the idiot who replied to only say he 's really a closet misogynist ... holy shit , i 'm done guys, 
  this was my response exactly , wow, 
  but it 's impossible to be a well meaning male , they have privilege and can never understand their struggle because patriarchy, 
  is n't that all that matters ? 
  word to who ? 
  the school ? 
  she said she does n't want to go to the police . 
  but then people will know and it 'll be embarrassing . 
  ca n't there be a way of getting the rapist arrested without anybody finding out and not involving the police ? 
  justice needs to be served !, 
  but why would it have to be in the public eye at all ? 
  stop neutering cats , their future depends on more stray kittens, 
  use `` safe space '' instead of the plural form , and the yellow bar skyrockets, 
  the native population does n't get to change the meanings of words . 
  doing so makes one a pretentious ass . 
  well , there 's a gap between secret courts and having things in the open public . 
  if i go to court for something , it 's not like everyone in the city is put on blast . 
  the death of the hawksaw , the rise of the suros pdx-45 . 
  it get 's better : she followed up on her comment, 
   sea world 's treatment of animals and orcas in particular is still disgusting and i do n't really care if it 's the onion or a comment on a tumblr post or ** some smartass with adobe i just do n't like seeing the subject joked about in any capacity . 
  like nothing about it is a joke ? 
  it 's not even like orcas can reliably fight back like they do n't have claws or even breathe oxygen . 
  why are we laughing at this ? 
  ** making memes of it ? 
  are we really collectively that out of material ? 
  girl plays with boys army toys ? 
  must be trans, 
  seriously , no , this is almost universally bullshit . 
  all this report says is that children who identified as transgender continued to identify with their expressed gender . 
  so you 're right in that it 's not uncommon . 
  but the response was to `` understand and articulate to their parents that they are transgender '' and all that is based on conditioning and environment , so that ' a variable dependent on parenting , imo . 
  okay , i think it 's understandable for a 6 year old boy to identify as a boy . 
  but why do they ? 
  because they were raised that way , they were taught they were a boy , and they associate that word with themselves . 
  under what circumstances would a boy , who was told he was a boy , say `` i 'm a girl '' ? 
  presumably a child who was dressed as a boy and shown other boys , would associate the visual to their own ... but why would a boy who is told they were a boy and seen as similar to other boys , reject this and say that not only do they prefer female gender traits , but that they are one ? 
  i question the validity of their experiment . 
  i 'd like to see the full methodology . 
  it sounds like confirmation bias . 
  the assertion is that the study does n't really prove anything . 
  and then to go back to the original statement , are children able to a ) understand and b ) articulate to their parents that they are transgender . 
  in the video you provided , the child says `` i sort of am a girl , i like girls things '' . 
  so the child likes to dress a certain way but does n't really understand gender ; their parents articulate to the child that since they crossdress , they are a girl , so they parrot it . 
  it 's a feedback loop . 
   whole countries that the english appropriated from other cultures ? 
  smh . 
  oh , and how `` you '' do it `` over there '' is irrelevant . 
  colloquialisms do n't change words for the entire world , you special special snowflake . 
  and she can be a boy now , but we 're not legally changing her name , but if the teacher does n't comply then she should get fired . 
  a problem with i have is that these definitions dress up the notion of gender with stereotypical gender roles . 
  crossdressing now makes you transgender , which is absurd . 
  these cultural dressings need to be stripped down before a study can see real identification with a gender that is n't based on preferring pink over blue . 
  no no ( though you 're right ) but i 'm saying how do you control for , in this study , the core of gender ? 
  the study would be looking at it from a nature pov ( their expression ) but the nurture factor ( each different variables for all the subjects ) biases the results . 
  the stats speak for themselves, 
  it 's only news because the author of the news site wrote the article about it . 
  the fix is in . 
  it probably has more to do with him being the main star & draw in the movie , with the most lines & scenes . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  let 's compare the guys who died of mustard gas in ww1 to safespace protesters .
