  technology was at humanity 's peak . 
  nope , tested it with a machine gun last night, 
  disappoint, 
  they even said that destiny 2 would allow you to keep using the same character with all your gear, 
  if anyone can get to 29 easily , then no one is being alienated in the iron banner, 
  you logicked yourself out, 
  exactly . 
  we grind for gear endlessly only for it to not matter in crucible . 
  the point was to give a pvp mode where what we earned mattered and made a difference , especially `` light '' level which is the hardest thing to attain in their system, 
  i agree . 
  it 's not even hard to get to level 20 , just play the game for a weekend . 
  if that 's too much then why do you want to be in the high-competition game mode ? 
  relic lands !, 
  i have 100 energy !, 
  i 'm so wired right now, 
  two wrongs make a right ? 
  what ? 
  yeah , im not installing a game to a disk that will get erased if i have to reboot, 
  it 's october in canada, 
  normal russians do care . 
  this is like saying `` normal people in saudi arabia dont care about your sexual orientation '' - russia is extremely conservative to the point that hate crimes are commonplace . 
  nice that you added `` in the comfort of your own home '' but neglected , you know , public life . 
  as long as you hide the gays , russians are okay with it , i guess - as long as it 's not ` infecting ' the children . 
  agreed . 
  doing the same bounties but for a different no-dialog npc isnt exactly somthing new and exciting ? 
  queens wrath - vanguard bounties for half an armor set, 
  iron banner - crucible bounties for half an armor set, 
  no one ever said that destiny 1 would have a ten year lifespan, 
  but beta included the whole story , all npcs , all dialog , most models , etc. 
  500m was a random figure thrown out for the entire franchise , all time , not for a single game, 
  so not a trilogy , but the series and the amount they had pegged for it long term, 
  meanwhile 343 does great justice to the halo franchise and gives fans everything they want, 
  its absolutely a beta, 
  bungie never had a 10 year plan for destiny pt1 , it 's for the franchise, 
  destiny is not a full game , i like it , but it 's far from a full game . 
  it 's a beta . 
  what do you think a sequel is ? 
  new maps , new story , new guns , and core issues fixed / improved on, 
  the only difference between a sequel and dlc is a dlc is smaller and requires you to own the full game, 
  i just do fishtails and donuts everywhere, 
  i give all my engrams to my main so i only have 1 cryparch to level up , not splitting it up, 
  kinda . 
  my 2 regular buds ... 1 bought the game but was tired of cod within 45 minutes and came back to destiny for the night, 
  couple others on my friends list were playing it last night, 
  how much of that is the loading screen ? 
  i added up my hours on bungie.net and its like 200 , but xbox has me well over 300hrs going on 400 because it counts idle time, 
  halo 4 was very well received by critics ( 87 on meta ) , calling it the weakest when bungie made odst and reach is just silly . 
  tbh , destiny 2 is just a big dlc but you dont need to own the first to continue , but if you do , you can continue your character . 
  it 's allegedly backwards compatible too , which i guess means it 'll be one big spanning universe ( not sure how new armor would work backwards though , but i guess it 'll be connected ? ), 
  it 's a paid beta , `` early access '' type model that we see on steam these days, 
  thats why everyone keeps saying theyll fix x or improve on y , or that dlc will expand on the lack of content in the base game, 
  it 's an early access paid beta, 
  could jesus make a burrito so hot even he could n't eat it ? 
  sorry , but you 're way off base here . 
  just about anyone will admit there is an issue with the game 's dearth of content , or how unfinished most things are . 
  anyone could tell you about the lack of any story , cutscenes , zero dialog from ncps ; that the tower itself is empty and full of placeholders for future content ; about the unfinished factions , unfinished purpose of ships and speeders ; unpolished , useless modes like queens wrath and iron banner , and so on . 
  it 's a beta . 
  face facts . 
  if its so spicy it turns to ash , is that really eating it ? 
   as for the tower being `` empty '' - on what do you base this declaration ? 
  what is supposed to be there ? 
  oh come on , are you deliberately messing with me ? 
  no game has non-talking npcs like this , everything is a place holder . 
  even the area where the banner/wrath show up , each person got their own respective chunk in the courtyard , clearly showing it was meant to be filled but right now its empty . 
  as for factions , its widely talked about how they were gutted from the game and thats why you get cryptic descriptions like `` dead orbit seeks new territory '' even though there is no territory to seek , or purpose to them , etc. 
  you 're just ignorant of how gutted and unfinished the game is . 
  it 's passable , sure , but thinking this is a full , polished game is just silly . 
  why do people think there are more chests ? 
  im down but i dont think i could do it with no deaths, 
  xbl : i am the hague, 
  im content with what i paid for ( hundreds of hours in ) but from what im saying people can be happy with rust or day z or any number of things . 
  that we 're even talking about them patching or improving or adding things to fill it out is , i think , evident to how unfinished the game is . 
  i 've never bought a game before destiny where i expected the devs to make it better over time ( that wasnt on a subscription service ), 
  the broken portal on the lonely island is really bothering me . 
  ive gotten on it now , but theres just nowhere to go from there . 
  the secondary jumping puzzle platforms lead to it , and there is a second area where they added a ledge which , with a double jump on a hunter , lands you dead center on it . 
  its like they want us to get there ... but nothing is there . 
  good idea . 
  i was thinking of this earlier . 
  twice ive gone to my devil walker today and neither time did an event show up . 
  did bungie change all the times up to mess with us now that this great site was exposed ? 
  its in my vault , never used it, 
  thanks , didnt know , may have been a minute off ( was used to it always being 5 mins late anyway ), 
  yes, 
  id like this too but at the same time the game is already convoluted enough, 
  xp levels then light levels ; vanguard rank , crucible rank ; and then crucible leaderboard rank/level ? 
  why do you like corrective measure over any other machine gun ? 
  i have two of them and for me its a pret/minotaur killer in the raid but never thought of it being an advantage in cruci, 
  i have two of these , cant wait to try it in the crucible now that i unlocked the 100 mag today, 
  dated a girl who did n't know where florida was, 
  in fairness , there were cases in tanzania right next to kenya , so the fears are not completely out of thin air, 
  i guess ... i mean , deviant gravity-a has a super fast reload when the mag is empty . 
  i 've never found reloading to be an issue , normally everyone in the room is dead by the time you need to reload anyway . 
  i guess i 'll see if it gives me an edge today . 
  i 'm an exo and the stranger is an exo , not human , but machine like the vex/warmind, 
  i just variabled you, 
  itd be great if they actually involved raspy in the story and not just a ominous voice rambling at the end of missions when dinklebot scans him and mentions him in passing ( on earth and mars ), 
  am canadian , can confirm . 
  we use metric , height is in feet , ` miles ' is common parlance for expressions like that, 
  `` she 's got legs for kilometers '' doesnt exactly roll off the tongue,
