  now you 're just trolling . 
  everything bungie does is a rush job, 
  i got it from the nightfall last week . 
  i have n't finished fully upgrading my rexurbished one . 
  life 's rough . 
  i and many others would love this on so many levels, 
  so much good blue armor in the game that is useless an hour after acquiring it . 
  the further you get into the game it seems , the less variety there is . 
  it should be the other way around . 
  next raid should have a sparrow section, 
  we are unique grinding snowflakes, 
  seriously , bungie , throw us a bone . 
  i saw this on google earlier and it just made me cringe over how so many of us were screwed now that vog gear is junk, 
  keep perks , match light/defense, 
  there are a lot of proposed systems . 
  case in point , the gauntlets you get from eris are identical / reskin of the ones you get from the raid . 
  with shaders , you have no clue which one the person is equipped with, 
  hell , have the stuff in the game is just reskins, 
  so is the ram, 
  i guess thats why they removed them from vanguard , so they could re-use them and hope people forget !, 
  then design them better , most solo missions can be run through without engaging any enemies until the end . 
  this is just bad design all around . 
  so at level 32 , a single person firing 2 gjalla shots takes down all of crota 's shields ? 
  and doing the sword with super does like 1/4 of his life ? 
  very quiet . 
  saying nothing since the release of db , last week 's update was a fluff piece , and now nothing today . . 
   it can be done in two swords . 
  i really wanted lucky raspberry , but the one he 's offering is 124 int and my current one is 143 int, 
  might just have to wait this out, 
  then takei is a racist . 
  lol why did you do that, 
  i initially said yes , totally , but mida is more of a pvp weapon so i 'm going to flake on upgrading it . 
  am i the only one pissed lucky raspberry has a crappy int rating ? 
  do you intend to use motes for anything else in the game ? 
  you options are basically exotic engrams or swag from the speaker, 
  personally ? 
  i love the gamble, 
  i find that bounty too hard , damn void damage ... 
  some people swear by them, 
  hard light < 3 so freakin ' hard, 
  exclusion zone + cabal kill codes, 
  what do you like about the alpha , how do you use it / where ? 
   this post, 
  that post isnt right , i have 2 chest armors with 143-144 str , and a helmet with 117 int, 
  not worth it , there are non-exotic helms with that same perk, 
  never played super medic , just wondering if its fun or if the revive times were super low, 
  right now im leaning towards not upgrading . 
  good pvp gun but in pve , dont know if i really need that 10 % extra damage for 7 coins & 7500 glimmer, 
  the gauntlets are 123 , how is that shitty ? 
  the post had the max at 93, 
  it 's the least good hunter helm, 
  ditto , grabbing them and upgrading my praxic . 
  mida doesnt seem worth the upgrade for 10 % damage boost, 
  139 isnt that bad of a roll , upgrade over my current - raspberry got the worst roll, 
  because we all broke down our universal remotes for shards, 
  mid tier roll , 160ish is the max , 120 is the low end , it got 140, 
  better than my current i got from a drop so im going to upgrade, 
  its stupid that of all the modes , that the one they picked for the achievement , the one they dont even have in the game, 
  imagine we had infinite time to take out oracles and shoot at aetheon, 
  this is a glaring glitch , allowing new gear to be run through the upgrade process, 
  he offered hotpf this week , and i got mine upgraded  sucks you to be you plebs with no heart , no soul, 
  even without , its not that hard at all, 
  four cheese pizza, 
  whats your tactic for glimmer farming with it ? 
  personally im going to keep it in my load out , if i have to material farm or do the first section of ce the speed bonus comes in handy . 
  still fun to use at 290ish damage i already had it at . 
  keeping mine for that alone , but personally dont feel its worth the upgraded damage for the speed running ( and id have to re-level it to get back there ), 
  a pox on you, 
  i wish it was arc damage . 
  if it was arc damage i 'd just bust all over the place . 
  i had one previously and got one from the first chest on the raid this week , can wait to have it re-upgraded, 
  will you be upgrading or holding out ? 
  its like 500 glimmer a minute on that run, 
  when i saw it , all difficulties had motes as a reward , and was on the top of the list, 
  i dont get it , why do you have sapphire wire on your table ? 
  but ... but russia is a fascist country , so if canada-usa-ukraine condemn glorification of nazism , they are also siding with a fascist country , so they would be condemning themselves, 
  catch 22 !, 
  take a left, 
  high price to pay , but the alternative is hoping for a new one from xur or from a drop, 
  id rather pay for the one i know ill use than wait possibly weeks or months, 
  i did 3 engrams , got 1 helm for each class, 
  anyone like heavy f 'n metal ? 
  * xbox one, 
  * lvl 31 hunter, 
  * raids for dais, 
  * xbox one : i am the hague, 
  * i 'm on every night after 7, 
  agree . 
  but is it unfair that someone gets an even better one in a future drop ? 
  you both had the same rng odds to get it, 
  or operate through a , you know , network , possibly in china or other nations in that area, 
  buying it new , for sure, 
  why upgrade it though if you already have it ? 
  7500 glimmer and 7 coins to get a 10 % damage buff for a weapon that is best served as a tool , not a boss fight weapon, 
  im comparing buying it if you dont have one , sure . 
  worth it . 
  if you already have an old one , the price isnt worth the upgrade . 
  this is why you should be able to do vendor transactions from the official app, 
  im not saying buy a new one if you already have one , im saying stand pat if you already have one, 
  bungie has real problems to fix , not something that affects maybe 1 % of the population who may or may not accidentally shard their gear because they werent reading the names,
