  if he brought them from the past to the future , they would never have been captured / enslaved . 
  but yeah , poor guys , they were cannon fodder, 
  there is no main story arc in destiny 1 though , a bunch of random missions and then something about stopping the vex , and something in the black garden that isnt explained, 
  exactly , you cant compare an old game to current standards, 
  plus halo had to worry about fitting all assets on a single dvd , so re-using things was a clever workaround, 
  that probably explains why : they were constrained by making the game work on last-gen consoles so were forced to re-use assets as much as possible to make it work, 
  theyve already admitted the cosmodrome was originally several times larger, 
  the box !, 
  the box !, 
  if they are that skilled then why are they only level 20 ? 
  honesty , i 'd love an instagib mode . 
  i can taste your tears . 
  if you want to be matchmade against teams that suck , maybe go play regular crucible and not a competitive mode - if you dont want competition . 
  if they are , then it shouldnt be hard for them to buy some damn gear from a vendor and come back when they 're ready, 
  can confirm that the old queens armor got new icons in the inventory with the update ( but the in-game models didnt change ) , so they are planning something , possibly . 
  but not higher skill , correct ? 
  in regular crucible , sure , but this is n't that , this is a competitive mode , not a learning ladder . 
  have you learned nothing from lord shaxx ? 
  the crucible is no place for mercy . 
  no i 'm not , and you 're drawing conclusions from thin air ( when you go 18-0 , there 's nothing rng about it ) . 
  and there 's nothing boring about it as many have agreed that too is the most fun they 've had in destiny ever . 
  i find the matches to be a good balance and a fair indication of ones skill . 
  many were nail biters that went to round 9 , few were bowouts where we faced semi pros , and a chunk were against poor competition , but its natural that there are more bad players than good players , that 's the natural order . 
  if i play with my casual friends , it 's hard to get a streak going much less win - if it was as easy as you 're making it out to be , we 'd win no matter what . 
  your system which punishes skilled players by forcing them only face others who are good is a bit silly . 
  matchmaking based on connection is much more important than making sure people who suck at the game have an easy go at it . 
   and any other efrideet 's is bad ,, 
  lol wat no, 
  make up your mind , before you said it was too hard for the majority of people because a minority were stomping them , now you want it to be difficult, 
  you 're wrong , the title is fine, 
  you dont need etheric light to play the old raids , you need it to play the higher level new ` raids ' ( arena ) . 
  you get it by playing that new content . 
   next two runs we still are not doing enough dps and i am keeping an eye on my headshots because i wanted to see if i was truly the problem . 
  every run i was missing 1 or 2 shots max because he does the weird falling back and then standing up quick thing . 
  once again player a says `` we never had this issue before - we were downing him just fine '' to that i say `` well i only missed 1 or 2 shots so i can not see why we are n't bringing his health down '' all player a says is `` hmmm '', 
   next run , i make an effort to not miss a single shot - and i did n't , i made sure i landed every single p&t round as a headshot . 
  we still dont get him down in time to break the bonds . 
  i say `` guys i landed every single round i shot as a headshot '', 
  op , so what ended up being the problem ? 
  my group had the same issue yesterday , we barely even got him to half health , 2 of us were using p&t s , i was hitting my headshots , and it was just a total shitshow, 
  i like the idea that if you get to a checkpoint , you get a marker in your missions section of your inventory that gains you access . 
  this way you and your fireteam can reconvene the next day , but also that you ca n't bring in lfg people who never got there yet for that week . 
  ( like trials passages , it would just tell them they cant join ), 
  this . 
  i dont get how you guys did this . 
  when my team tried last night he just always rushed us and came up to our bubble , how !, 
  i 'm booted about a dozen times a day . 
  worst most broken part of destiny . 
  i have great internet , and i ca n't get past that . 
  vpn , no vpn , tried direct to modem with google 's dns , etc. 
  no routing config will help this problem for me . 
  in fairness , how is time 's vengeance different from servitor bonds ? 
  you ca n't damage aetheon in a meaningful way until tv starts , same with the bonds in skolas . 
  this happened to us last night , had to give up at 2am because we couldnt take his health down worth a damn and he kept rushing our platform where we popped our bubble, 
  most frustrating moment in destiny for us ever , all that time wasted, 
  ive been looking for the white and blue one for ever, 
  this didnt explain how the mechanics are different , just that one has more adds, 
  we immediately started sniping after killing the servitor , and we never got him down to even 60 % health . 
  driving me crazy . 
  we 'd dps , the timer would run up , and we 'd be unable to keep shooting . 
  the mechanic is the same , one 's just harder than the other and has no relic ( forcing you to use a bubble bro ), 
  yeah , i even call the poison the anti-chalice, 
  the first servitor went down in seconds ( and the timer starts once he 's down , so not sure how that 's in the equation ) ; we used snipers ( two p&t s , and another ), 
  he 'd staggar , but keep moving , and eventually rush / teleport directly to us, 
  cheater , that class item is from poe !, 
  the prison was a raid , it was always called an arena , the old pics you have are just old assets and placeholders, 
  there should be a single tower currency, 
  how often do these trigger ? 
  we found in pvp that often they did nothing to counter melees, 
  i saw someone using this in crucible with no glint and i nailed him twice , it gives off a white charging glow, 
  ive never seen anyone do this, 
  i posted this months ago, 
   evidence ??? 
  this has already been confirmed , cosmodrome was originally several times bigger . 
  funny , same thing happned to us . 
  they started tea bagging down 3-1 , we won 5-1 and it was our last win to go to mercury, 
  there was so much tea bagging at the end of that round the floor nearly collapsed, 
  there 's nothing wrong with the armor having poe specific perks , look at the old raid armor : oracle busting , hive major bonus , orbs from killing vex with melee , agility when holding the sword during crota , etc. 
  oh true , completely didnt notice it replaced and was not in addition to, 
  im on xbox one and i get kicked maybe a half dozen times a day or more . 
  it 's awful . 
  no game has ever given me so many networking problems as destiny . 
  i 'm hard wired and have tons of disconnects , it has nothing to do with the network adapter . 
  placebo effect . 
  nope , its disconnects in general, 
  nat is an xbox live thing , not a bungie thing . 
  one big angry circle jerk, 
  absolutely . 
  still better than bungie 's job . 
  that 's a b.s. 
  excuse , it has nothing to do with memory restrictions . 
  it 's a bunch of squares on a screen . 
  if anything , having tabs would/could reduce the number of items per page . 
  this . 
  oh noe , 360 users would have to wait a second before loading a new tab ? 
  the humanity !, 
  but poe 35 gives you a weapon , a piece of armor , and a light ( weapon or armor ) . 
  that 's a pretty decent haul ... for normal ce . 
  you 're right , the rewards are n't comparable . 
  my buddy and i tried and gave up on skolas recently - 4.5 hrs and no rewards and no checkpoint .
