  how can the traveler be a sentient being ? 
  the theory is that the traveler is a dyson sphere of sorts with a star or mass of energy in the center that has sentience, 
  shoot the oversoul !, 
  it 's all ogre now, 
   crota was the son of oryx ? 
  ** `` the epithet son of oryx is an ambiguous translation , often disputed . 
  yup , good pull there, 
  you do not need to be skilled to use thorn , it 's the easiest gun in the game to kill with, 
  so you 're comparing thorn to a tracking rocket launcher ... ok, 
  so you 're comparing thorn to a tracking rocket launcher ... ok, 
  i 'm hoping you 're joking, 
  crota is not the literal ` son ' of oryx , he 's another ` taken ' , forged in its ` darkness ', 
  here 's some zombie guardian concept art, 
  this only works if we 're exo though ... 
  there should be a token system where you cant join another team 's game unless you 've unlocked skolas for the week . 
  that and checkpoints . 
  i knew about it a day before he posted it , it was going to become mainstream regardless, 
   this leads me to believe that `` the gardener '' is the traveler . 
  the gardeners ( of the black garden ) are the vex, 
  barely any story involved and likely the grimoire was made back in 2014 before the game came out, 
  i think thats an interesting twist , but at the same time , we cant all be dr shim - they need a story that works for everyone, 
  but if that was the case , why would the stranger ( maya ) be dismissive to the dinkster ? 
  she literally pushes him away, 
  figured she 'd been scouting us with her time travel powers and would have some intel on the two of us, 
  unless we 're all in a vex simulation and us destroying the heart was all part of a multiverse of possibilities to test their defenses, 
  delete your duplicates and all those damn materials . 
   i cant have dupes of my fav shaders ? 
  i have to transfer/play the puzzle game every time i want to use a shader on another char ? 
  you can , but you 've created your own problem . 
  you arent even using the duplicates , and you 're clearly using dim which makes switching items between characters super easy . 
  or maybe we 're all inside rahool 's dreams !, 
  op sounds like he really wants dreg burn, 
  the vex didnt make the weapons , bro, 
  great ideas but his redesign looks derpy as fuck, 
  we all play the exo storyline because the other 2 were cut from the game last minute, 
  it was n't bad at all . 
  it 's supposed to be hard . 
  then what are ether seeds ? 
  i have also hypothesized that ether is a variant of light . 
  why else would they get more powerful if they have more ether , just like if we have more light we get higher level ? 
  the raid gloves will have better raid-specific bonus perks, 
   anti oracle : gain additional super energy when you destroy an oracle in the vault of glass . 
   anti praetorian : gain additional super energy when you destroy a praetorian in the vault of glass . 
  you also only need to be a level 30 for vog, 
  it was no harder than solar burn . 
  took me 50 seconds , barely any wipes . 
  proof : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsczfifomt4, 
  so , he just camps that hallway . 
  true , the more points you control , the more your kills are worth on the scoreboard . 
  his kills were plentyful but worth less than a guy on the other teams ' . 
  way too lazy , it 's friday, 
  so bruce jenner can change his appearance to look like , and identify as a woman ; but this woman ca n't do the same, 
  if you shoot him in the head your crit shots dont show up as yellow , so why believe him ? 
  i found another receding marker 4 23 33 half buried at their research station, 
  so fake, 
     wants bitching to stop, 
    makes post bitching, 
   creates transdimensional feedback loop of bitching, 
  because last gen consoles couldnt handle all that helium !, 
  every exotic in the game should have been via exotic bounties, 
  agreed . 
  hate the super hero capes . 
  i like my black dead orbit scarf , mostly because its all black and everything else in the game is flowing and/or colorful, 
  the new faction cloaks make no sense . 
  they just reskinned the old vanguard ones ... but in the context it makes no sense to have a ratty cloak for classy new monarchy , or the same thing for fwc , or having some x games looking one for dead orbit . 
  the fact that they have the tape and rips all in the same place makes me mad . 
  first thing i do , yet weeks later , this is what makes it to the front page, 
  well played op, 
  how, 
  consecutive, 
  thats just weird, 
  yes and i 'll report it, 
  it 's glitching in a competitive mode . 
  just deal with it . 
  last week i was like you and couldnt win at all , neither of my groups which have great guys on it , we just couldnt get it done when i was online . 
  shit happens . 
  this week ? 
  back-to-back light-houses right off the bat . 
  no , different people , just people from my friends list, 
  i 'm a 1.0 k/d player who went flawless twice in a row this week, 
  k/d does n't mean shit, 
  i have a .88 in trials and went twice in a row, 
  friday i was on beast mode though getting double digit kills , saturday i fell off in a big way, 
  sometimes its all about getting in a good rhythm & strategy ; and also making up for deaths by being a great medic, 
  big deal . 
  at the research station , to the right of it ( where you analyze the vex core sample ), 
  yes , seemed to match ( same number ), 
  no different from any other sniper, 
  guy in the second video has the most obnoxious voice ive ever heard in my life, 
  thats why i upgraded mine to 365 . 
  i like it but rd is still better . 
  it has the same impact but less rate of fire than rd , which just makes it feel sluggish to me , and on top of that , doesnt have the sick perks, 
  stability means nothing , and rd has plenty of range for crucible, 
  i can taste ops tears . 
  by your braindead logic , good pvp players should be punished in the game 's only pvp mode for good players, 
  they are literally asking for microtransactions, 
  pve players are not gated from any content , but you have to earn rewards - thats how rewards work . 
  you dont hear pvp players saying `` skolas is too hard '' or `` it 's not fair i need a fireteam '' and asking for the elder cipher to be free / given to them, 
   good players should play with their peers if they really want a challenge . 
  that 's how it is now .
