  that would be great !, 
  plus it would mean 1 person cant carry a team of scrubs . 
  you could have bravo team get bunched together and they would have to work for it to get to the next stage . 
  im in the opposite camp . 
  confluxes can be diffucult because of the waves and fanatics exploding . 
  on the other hand gatekeeper is no different . 
  you have outside people fight small waves of enemies , while other guys go in and blow something up . 
  i usually never , ever have problems with that section requiring a wipe . 
  ive been on the left with 3 + people and fail , and i just did it last week with only 2 and it had no wipes . 
  i think the problem comes down to middle . 
  if nobody is watching middle , it turns into a two flank battle on the left , and no matter how many kills i get , i end up trying to take out a minotaur ( because why else , nobody else is focusing on them ) and getting blown up from behind by a fanatic, 
  look to the pyramid !, 
  i dont get it, 
  lord is life, 
  even worth keeping ? 
  what roll ? 
  so far i dont like it . 
  however , lord of wolves has rekindled a new found addiction to this game . 
  i love it in crucible . 
  i love it in pve . 
  i love it after work . 
  i love it with some pizza rolls . 
  nlb is life . 
  agreed . 
  i dont even understand what `` rolling kd '' is ? 
  i would understand etheric light being phased out , like ascendant/radiant materials , it 's tied to the expansion it came with - but surely a new type of `` light '' would need to come out with tk to allow us to keep upping our favorites, 
  i 'd expect your 46 etheric lights would be traded in with the speaker for motes , 
  making it costly is fine . 
  in pvp its really impossible to phase guns out because everything is put on parity , so thorns and felwinters will still be what they are unless individual guns are nerfed . 
  same doesnt apply to iron banner / trials , but whatever . 
  ultimately , the best way to get people to discard old guns and use new guns is to make the new guns good . 
  none of this shankburn nonsense . 
  throw in guns people will want to use ( ie , party crasher did this ) and people will pick them up . 
  for pve i can see a divide making a bigger impact , but do we really want to live in a world without gjallarhorns & fatebringers ? 
  some of these guns have become iconic in the game , it would be detrimental to just shelf everything and start over every year . 
  how did they fuck up ? 
  seems universally praised . 
  i 'm bad with it but have my moments of 3-kill streaks and man , when that happens , the excitement level goes through the roof, 
  its pure fun , the difficulty level goes up but so does the reward, 
   i ca n't say i feel the same way about any of the queen 's weapons that i 've acquired . 
  unless i 'm totally missing something, 
  i 'm in the same boat . 
  just do n't get it . 
  they drop out of the big treasure chest and i immediately shard them . 
  i dont think they can/will do this with exotics . 
  i just realized that xbox users will finally be getting the 3 sony exclusives when tkk drops . 
  it would n't make sense to release obsolete gear to them . 
  that 'd be a kick in the nuts . 
  i hear you , but in order to ascend you need to grind to get the materials to do so - so that keeps players involved . 
  why do you think people arent coming back to get new gear ? 
  i 'm still trying to get everything . 
  if you want people to use new gear , you need to make it worth the grind . 
  the poe and queens weapons blow , but the exotics are great . 
  but why will people want to go through the hassle of finally getting a gun only for it to be obsolete again in a month ? 
  for example , i 'm * still * trying to get a damn necrocasm , but if thats locked in year 1 with no usefulness in the future , i 'll give up my grind . 
  yeah , i got exotics on my first two chests - then bungie made keys more available and i 've gotten crap from those chests ever since, 
  one thing i 'm noticing is that the hand cannons have a lot more kick and less range , making them great for up close & mid , but why would people owning current hcs want to downgrade ? 
  however, 
  one reason people would want to go with new guns is the perks . 
  they have a whole new set of perks and active effects that might make it worth while . 
  those shaders are going for $ 50-100 on ebay, 
  even 1 of my better friends is complaining about how * unfair * it is . 
  `` it 's not because i have n't gotten to the lighthouse , but hear me out ... '', 
  its such whiney bullshit . 
  i mean , i met a guy on the weekend , friend of a friend , he had never gone . 
  we paired up , found a 3rd , and we made it . 
  it 's not freaking impossible . 
  i was mocked by my friends for being ` probably carried ' and now i 'm sherping people . 
  i 'm not a beast , but good communication and team work will win games . 
   these good pvpers should have their own league where they can play against other for better prizes instead '', 
  they can call it trials of osiris !, 
  but of course it wont be fair that only `` good '' players are allowed in , it should be open to all ... damnit now it 's not fair because bad players are * forced * to play against good players !, 
  it even launches t-shirts !, 
  ditto , it 's why i 'm now only doing pvp . 
  i maxed pve early on , i have all my light and old gear upgraded and i have the new gear that i want , and the skolas ' exotics ... nothing left, 
  you 're really stretching the definition of `` rng '' in the context of destiny . 
  you do vog , you know for a fact you 'll get materials . 
  you may not know the exact number , but the fact that you 'll get a rough number of them is a fact , unlike getting a weapon to drop , which is entirely on the slot machine . 
  when people gripe about rng , its between getting something or walking away with nothing . 
  materials are guaranteed . 
  i think we already went down that road with tdb and the fan backlash is how we arrived with etheric light & ascending . 
  if the goal is to constalty have the universe expand , they cant invalidate the rewards from each expansion . 
  a new player can join in tk and , though they are forced to purchase all previous content , not have any need to play any of it ? 
  that makes no sense, 
  but i update it every day, 
  luke smith sounds like a total asshat in this interview . 
  eurogamer really made he look like a clown , which is unfortunate , because he often comes across like a good and competent guy . 
  it 's kind of like music . 
  dave mustaine is a jackass but i 'll still listen to megadeth . 
  because he cant control foreign exchange and he doesnt work for activision , so he cant really discuss how pounds convert to dollars and taxes , etc. 
  was he involved with the other long time guy who left before the game came out that caused the whole mess ? 
  and it wouldnt be hard to get a collection of exotics , run all nightfalls , instances . 
  that drop stuff and start up a little shop next to xur, 
  then do n't buy it . 
  do you want the physical books & strange coin a la carte too ? 
  why are you entitled to bonus content ? 
  ( i 'm playing devil 's advocate here , luke smith is a prick ), 
  that 's a bad way of looking at it . 
  you can say the same thing about the strange coin - that it 's content you can only get by spending collectors edition pricing on, 
  but that 's the point of bundles with exclusive content to sweeten the pot .
