  naturally , it 's a white man who 's behind this tragedy, 
  it 's a complicated act of mendacity by any stretch, 
  to be edgy, 
  the fat one clearly has cellulite , which could also be stretch marks . 
  just sayin, 
  besides lying to yourself and others with some convoluted facade just to come up with an edge way of being straight ? 
  me getting tired of people being dicks makes me a dick . 
  got it . 
  he 's fucking 3 chicks at once and asking them who 's next . 
  he 's some sex god . 
  it 's heavily implied . 
  the scene literally looks more ridiculous than most pornos . 
  women ask me all the time what my background is . 
  i ask them the same . 
  hell , i was getting a lapdance last week and the stripper asked my background . 
  it 's a common fucking question among people . 
  social anxiety isnt an illness though , and its not implied in the op post, 
  op was only 13 years old, 
  when have they never been part of the episode ? 
  was n't it a credits scene where mickey gets shot at and arrested ( which was entirely canon ) ? 
  i didnt see disorder mentioned , just social anxiety in general, 
  i have social anxiety , does n't mean i have social anxiety level : disorder, 
  op does n't understand that some women want to be dominated , degraded . 
  men do too . 
  it 's a give and take , sex is more than just missionary making * love * . 
  if a woman wants to be fucked hard , or in a certain way , it 's not misogynistic to fulfill her desires , nor is she any lesser of a person for wanting to fulfill her partners . 
  aim , but do they penetrate ? 
  why would a male dog present to another dog ? 
  this sounds like south park, 
  whenever i leave the house there 's a chance i 'll get hit by lightning . 
  a chance . 
  pretty sure it does, 
   i consented and it was still abuse !, 
  because subbing is a form of self harm and `` she asked for it ! '' is never an excuse to hurt a woman , no matter what . 
  what the fuck, 
   domination and respect are not compatible states of mind and you have to be brainwashed to believe someone can respect you while harming and dominating you . 
  i guarantee you that my ex , who was a domme , respetected me way more than i respected her . 
  no , kinksters is slang for people who are kink friendly and in the fetish community . 
  this really only applies to a small subset . 
  being a chubby chaser is n't a kink . 
  furries are their own thing , but in a sexual context could be a kink like with other role playing . 
  fetishists are not mainstream , if that 's what you 're trying to imply . 
  nah , just classic crazy ex who liked me way more than i liked her . 
  ok the only thing i 'm seeing is bison , so bison are officially gay , til, 
  everything else was weakly strung together, 
  adoption is n't gay . 
  is my cat humping my leg bestiality ? 
  or since we 're both guys , does that make him gay ? 
  it was great but too easy to acquire, 
  upon closer inspection , i see a guy on a horse and people standing around , with rays of sunshine everywhere . 
  i think xe is then interpreting this as them all being stabbed by swords ( the rays of sunlight ) while the white guy on the horse looks on smiling . 
  i think its an apartment complex, 
  edit : it has tipis, 
  therefore , cultural appropriation = theft, 
  the indians in it are n't literally alive = dead, 
  apartment, 
  i dont think those are spears , just lines . 
  one goes from one guy 's mouth through multiple people, 
  but there do appear to be boats ? 
  so i guess that = glorification of colonization and death, 
  i love it . 
  because lesbians only wear jeans and flannel shirts , shitlord, 
  i like he xe also directly states that women globally get married in white dresses . 
  would n't a sjwarrior call them ethnocentric or something ? 
  pretty sure many cultures dont have white-dress weddings, 
  i stopped reading when pink made it sound like voting for stephen harper was akin to posting transphobic comedy . 
  the anti-harper idiots are the worst of the left . 
  and i 'm a liberal person . 
  ms did n't announce xbl-psn cross platform support at all , why would bungie ? 
  this has nothing to do with bungie . 
  bungie ca n't just go make psn play nicely with xbox one . 
  did psn announce cross network play ? 
  then how is bungie going to shoehorn this behind their backs ? 
  lol, 
  but even then , using harper as an example is like `` anyone that does n't agree with me politically is literally al gore . '', 
  rape has to do with systematic power , racism has to do with systematic power, 
  they are literally redefining every word they want to do with this `` majority vs. minority '' complex and not the actual definition of the word, 
  literally hitler 's figures, 
  dragon lady, 
  who ? 
  what ? 
  edit : someone posted a link to the situation , you 're full of shit, 
  human rights tribunal \u2260 `` trial '', 
  also, 
   gabriel claimed that he 's since been subject to emotional pain and suffering and that the joke went too far . 
  you can sue someone for anything , even in america . 
  `` im not doing this for attention '', 
  - proceeds to list 6 self diagnosed mental illnesses in what ends up being a series of personally described accomplishments, 
   but there is no plan for fat people to become thin people that is 1 ) safe , 2 ) effective , and 3 ) long-lasting . 
  you can get two of those three criteria . 
  which two do you want ? 
  weight loss is a myth !, 
  erasure, 
  we ca n't even celebrate jesus ' birthday , and the guy was literally without sin, 
  people seem to think christianity was always forced on cultures , and that the pagan cultures that preceded it were peaceful and never forced beliefs on anyone, 
  like , it 's 2016, 
  isnt this more a sanity sunday ? 
  because op there is a black supremacist or some shit, 
  ditto , just dont care because it 's entirely cosmetic , just like how harrowed guns are entirely cosmetic, 
  getting my hard mode shader was much more of an accomplishment for me than getting 320 .
