  if russia boycotts eu/us goods , then that cuts off all the fifa sponsors, 
  fifa sponsors pull the plug , it 's all over . 
  politics aside , money talks , and if the companies that fund it ca n't make money off of it , they 'll move it to some place profitable and let russia sit & spin . 
  tell that to russia 's paralympic games where they played anti-usa music in their opening ceremonies, 
  the fact that russia wants to play games in crimea , which is considered by the un and entire international community ( including fifa ) as part of ukraine , alone should be reason to boycott the games . 
  he wo n't back down from it being included , but no one else will break on it either . 
  and we all know what fifa says goes , and if russia does n't comply , they 'll boycott themselves from the damn games in the end . 
  if the media can convince a hungry person they arent hungry , or get them to pay taxes they cant afford with a smile on their face , then that 'll be truly amazing, 
  on the xbox one ? 
  i saw on mine there was a 7 but i pulled up my billing history on xbox.com and i 've been on live since at least november 2004 : /, 
  fake . 
  russian speaking , russian coat of arms on his beret , talking about how ukraine hates russian speakers . 
  what ? 
  most of the guys in the army are russian speakers . 
  to defect against a squad of russian speakers because they hate russian speakers ? 
  either he 's insane or this is a poor fake . 
  i guess its years active on gold and not membership period then , right ? 
  because i havent had live gold for at least 2 years until recently . 
  cue russian poster , `` show me the evidence , there is no evidence '', 
  periphery sucks, 
  why do you assume nato has n't provided evidence ? 
  we 've all seen some evidence , and there 's probably dossiers more for confidential eyes, 
  it 's called a costume , not a ` cosplay ', 
  100 % has to do with milking you for next years `` new features '', 
  if one franchise did it okay , but 3 ? 
  these teams work on 1 game all year and make little improvements , there 's no excuse to go backwards, 
  iphone removed features ? 
  i discriminate against amd, 
  because he 's a scumbag and people do n't have outcry over scumbags, 
  russia learned this with afghanistan ( which had a population of 15 million ), 
  thats not a point . 
  everyone has already pointed out that putin is doing this inch by inch for a long term plan . 
  saying `` well he did n't blitzkrieg so that must mean hes not going to do it '' is just dumb, 
  it 's the equivalency of putin killing a scout in civilization v. 
   forgets that china has more interests in the west than poor dysfunctional russia, 
   thinks india matters, 
  exactly . 
  china is about themselves and where the money is , and the money is not in recession russia . 
  and ireland had it ? 
  china would rather exploit russia for those resources , look at the current gas deal . 
  its very laggy, 
  yes , see no reason not to , you save a few bucks right ? 
  ms ca n't hold back to cater to everyone , it just makes all us suffer and stymies innovation, 
  i welcome new features like this , i can download it in no time , plus you can start playing before the install is finished . 
  i started when it was at 11 %, 
   what resolution and framerate will the game be on xbox one ? 
  on playstation4 ? 
   both consoles will run at 60 fps . 
  way to dodge the question, 
  i already bought the console . 
  how long will target match future deals ? 
  30 days ? 
  i got a $ 25 gc with mine so i assume they may not honor the new deal or just give the game but charge me the 25 ? 
  do n't blame ea for eaaa not being on sony , that 's sony 's fault . 
  `` you can not draft players in be a gm mode '', 
  what does this mean ? 
  no draft in gm mode or no fantasy draft to start it ? 
  no edit team and no edit player are game breakers for me , and the custom music is a console issue ( no ripping cds on xbox one ), 
  no create a team is also bs since thats an old mode that i liked, 
  i have n't bought the series for a few years but i think i may not buy out of a protest again . 
  we all need to . 
  remember what happened with nhl 06 ? 
  they got so lazy and the game got so bad that they were forced to make nhl 07 and revamp everything to get the buyers back . 
  we can wait for it to be free on ea access , right ? 
  i hope . 
  the music in the demo sucked . 
  i like using nhl 94 or 95 menu music and custom arena jams, 
  but ... that 's been in the game since forever . 
  i just played my first game . 
  won 9-6 . 
  apparently any semblance of realism is also gone . 
  carnifex is n't metal . 
  i somewhat agree . 
  most important is 1 v 1 for buddies , but also for me gm mode does matter as i can be a fantasy hockey / stats nut and like putting together dream teams . 
  play with sliders because the game plays like dogshit out the box, 
  `` most realistic crowds ever ! '', 
  okay , but it is n't good, 
  i cancelled mine a few weeks ago but eaa validated how bad it is and i probably wo n't be buying now , especially with destiny coming out . 
  i 've had the trial and played only a couple games , normally when nhl comes out i 'm stuck on it non stop . 
  nhl 07 was a reboot because nhl 06 was a godawful mess . 
  we 've come full circle with ea vancouver 's laziness . 
  heads need to roll and a new reboot era arrive . 
  ea employee : `` well they should n't buy the game then '', 
  ea employee : `` well they should n't buy the game then '', 
  my cats do this all the time , wheres my upvotes ? 
  the keyboard mouse argument is tiring , do all pc games support gamepads ? 
  i loved the campaign but fell out of interest with the ` adventure mode ' stuff after . 
  also , it 's super easy , even on the hardest settings . 
  ( until you unlock the advanced modes , but again , the game loses steam by then ), 
  look , we both know that those games end up playing like ass, 
  do n't blame msft for taxes , blame the government . 
  add in 5 % bank rate and we 're back to $ 67.80 vs the retail price of $ 69.99, 
  honestly , the prices make sense from a currency pov, 
  it 's not worth it, 
  more like 11 % or more http://www.rbcroyalbank.com/cgi-bin/travel/currency-converter.pl so he 's really saving $ 7 and tax, 
  i 'm in toronto and we have sony retail stores and can confirm that psn charges no tax . 
  how 's he supposed to use a credit card with a fake billing address ? 
  but then its just ... get better gear to play on a harder mode , to get better gear, 
  its self defeating, 
  ill probably play a bit more but with destiny coming out it just seems boring since there 's no actual objective .
