  combined with hard light it would be the bubble buster . 
  all perks like this should have counterweights to balance things out . 
  explain, 
   i just do n't understand why so many people seem to be so focused on making it so shitty players like me have to play the raids . 
  you do n't want to play the raids with me , trust me . 
  exactly . 
  so why do you need to be level 31 or even 30 if you dont even play raids or nightfalls ? 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  higher levels and difficulties should be there for those who play a lot and want those challenges . 
  if you dont do that stuff , you shouldnt have a level that reflects otherwise . 
  im a blade dancer ... 
  / mindblown, 
  does the bubble go away ? 
  i remember always dancing on in and it staying, 
  ive always wanted the skull . 
  it 's been the exotic i 've been hunting for since day one . 
   this is a game where everyone looks the same . 
  where everyone uses the same weapons . 
  where every choice is replaced by a roll of the dice . 
   this is a game that , even though it took months of my life , i can barely remember other than the times running in circles for chests , hiding behind rocks taking shots every minute or so , and farming the exact same missions over and over and over again for experience and commendations . 
   this is a game without plot , without vehicles , and perhaps most importantly , without a soul , or a heart . 
  truth . 
  i had a group i would play with . 
  we did the vault , it was great , we all knew eachother by name and we 'd invite eachother to do bounties and dailies and so on . 
  but now it 's just `` hey , wan na glitch crota ? '', 
  `` have a checkpoint ? '', 
  `` help us cheese the nightfall '', 
  they are n't having fun . 
  they refuse to do crota legit . 
  any section of it other than the first - which they struggle with . 
  after that it 's cheese the bridge , rotate all alts on the next chest , and then quit until they can find a crota cp so they can hope for some gear . 
  as someone else in the industry , do you have any `` do not '' or `` stay away from '' tips for another business owner ? 
  ( do n't worry , we 're in a different country ), 
  i want to know what my actual level is and how many times i 've ` prestiged ' with motes . 
  its both high pitched and with bassy grunts, 
  fuck i hate him . 
  and then laugh hysterically at random statements, 
  it sounds like he 's burping, 
  $ 150/pp for brunch in milan recently . 
  hotel comped it but dear god . 
  house of wolves raid boss will just be another nexus, 
  any world with 2 rob halfords is a world i want to live in, 
  you forgot spoiler tags , thats for the strike, 
  everyone thinks its going to be the 2 devil walkers , but the giant shanks will actually come out of those, 
  even the eris missions were put in the bounty area, 
  they make errythang bounties and the mission area is reserved for ... iron medallions, 
  great poast . 
  now i 'm going to be desperately wanting to max out my unc to pair with my dtms, 
  already 32 , so it 's go for this combo or wait for my warlock to get maxd out ... 
  the ui is so bad that it belongs on / crappydesign, 
  maybe a little * [ grindr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grindr ) , looking for meat *, 
  they 'll call it a super shank but it 'll have the same mechanics as the nexus, 
  the one thing that stands out to me is you go to the menu and the largest typographic thing is `` level 20 '' - literally the most useless piece of info in the game . 
  by contrast , light level ( the most important ) is minimized and all of your discipline & other stats are relegated to tool tips, 
  i want to turn off the music because the soundtrack to this game is awful, 
  no it 's not , it 's just them being pathetically lazy . 
  this is a huge studio , do n't tell me they dont have the resources to put a volume slider in the game . 
  id rather have the speed boost than shadowjack , it only gives a couple more seconds which imo isnt worth it, 
  apparently bungie does n't have an idea how game development works . 
  just laziness on their part imho, 
  easier to make everything uniform, 
  i loved dead space for this, 
  a million tear drops are not enough for master rahool, 
  why does the billion years part bother you ? 
  ( ps , he says it on venus , not mars ), 
  except the entire game is entirely on rails, 
  you dont seem to get it, 
  why would it need to be a billion years into the future ? 
  i think what dinkle is eluding to are vex structures . 
  they are a billion years old . 
  how ? 
  they travel a billion years to the past , start working on them then , and continue to send workers to the past to continue their ` infection ' of the planet . 
  the vex are a physical ` time virus ' or however the lore tries to present them . 
  the vault of glass is , of course , on venus . 
  constant time travel abilities to go back and repair !, 
  like ? 
  op is butthurt because he ca n't cheese and be respected for it, 
  got it my first two tries in a row, 
  i loved raiding until cheesers/cheaters took over and now very few people on my friends list want to actually play them . 
  cheesing is not going off the rails , it 's exploiting the bad design of the linearity, 
  this site is a hate speech site , how is it allowed on here ? 
   they had pretty much nothing to do with it . 
  just ask the russians, 
  its not going off the rails if its using the games mechanics , the path isnt changing, 
  the fact that they patched the templar shows they want things to be as linear as possible, 
  dude , it 's a hate speech / conspiracy site . 
  global research is literally the most vile crap i 've seen on the net in a while . 
  i 'm not even talking about this article directly , but come on . 
  i 'm not even jewish or even remotely sympathetic to israel , but if you ca n't see the issue with this stuff then you 're just a lost cause . 
  if you 're going to rip on israel , at least back yourself up so neutral parties can read and take the criticism seriously , otherwise it 's just a circle jerk - which this comments section clearly is . 
  `` analyst '', 
  i guess the actual source is the site intifada , but yeah my objection was with the op source . 
  i dont think its ad hominem if the source has a horrible rep for being what it is - propaganda . 
  i could read the article , but then it becomes a chore of fact checking every single statement because the reputation is so low that i ca n't take it on face value like a normal publication could . 
  oh my god ... 
  well said, 
  this is the best update in a while . 
  not just because the news is great , but because the guy actually told us what 's going on . 
  no nothing updates , no interviewing a voice actor who had 4 lines . 
  no fluff like deej gives us , but actual info that the community wants .
