  push him where ? 
  it 's not like he 's perched over a cliff or something, 
  addicted . 
  the gameplay is great , the loot system is addicting , and everything else sucks . 
  but the stuff that truly makes someone want to play they nailed . 
  do you think the skinnier box played a role in the addiction ? 
  agreed , last 2 rewards from dead orbit were faction items, 
  i went ballistic, 
  ... what voice work ? 
  i agree , the issue is that there arent enough 30-level gear pieces out there . 
  they need to add in a big way . 
  iron banner is a start , but relying on dlc is bullshit . 
  the base game needs at least a few sets of max gear by default to mix and match . 
  deej did say that new items were coming , so hopefully they add some 30 light stuff . 
  this would all be solved if you could equip more than 1 exotic, 
  thats just 1 set , or probably just a half a set, 
  osiris , queens wrath , iron , and any other events all should have their own 30 full set, 
  skull of dire ahamkara !, 
  two : that 's ` ether ', 
  i read that as ` skinnier ' box and not skinner box , doh, 
  i forgot to add / s, 
  `` the fallen rely on a substance called ether to live . 
  if a fallen is defeated with a headshot , note that the ether can be seen escaping its body . '', 
  id sell mine , just dont want to sell my xbl account since it has all my games attached to it, 
  which i guess its good theres no trading in the game, 
   shut-up juice, 
  but these structures have been on venus for billions of years, 
  i hope they drop last gen support entirely, 
  and yet not a single sandworm on mars, 
  maybe the gate at the entrance leads into the vault of glass !, 
  maybe go to that gate when the vog opens ? 
  or you have all 3 sync plates activated ? 
  last week on my two raids i had two similar quotes, 
  `` aw , * another * corrective measure ?? 
  `` oh well , only got a raid helm for my alt but he uses mask of the third man '' ( note : pre xur sale ), 
  cant beat the daily heroic because i get a ` hawk ' every time i try to load the final area and finish the damn mission, 
  this is literally a public event . 
  public fireteam doing something , and the public joins in . 
  not like the current events which are pre-set ai instances, 
  why did they half bake a lot of things, 
  didnt bungie have the lead writer from halo but he quit before the game was finished ? 
  happened to me twice in a row, 
  its like bungie forgot to update the list or something, 
  the 9 are the darkness , hence why xur is dark, 
   the nine are survivors of the cis-jovian colonies who made a compact with an alien force to ensure their own survival . 
   the nine are the aspects of the darkness , broken by the traveler 's rebuke , working to destroy us from within . 
  like how we made a compact with the ` light ' to ensure our own survival . 
  the jovans are gas giant worlds presumably terraformed by the traveler to allow for human colonization . 
  which is confusing . 
  when you enter it dink says that you 're not on any known place in space or time , and when you beat the heart you dont teleport anywhere and he says `` we 're back on mars '', 
  its like they forgot to add a teleport cutscene or something, 
  that 's what i 'm saying, 
   '' `` your traveler has a dark mirror . '', 
  the lighting changes but you 're still in the same location, 
  i just combined pics w / a quote he throws out ( from the wiki , havent heard it personally ), 
  the previous quotes about the nine were from the grimoire card on the nine, 
  without a doubt xur serves the nine , and the nine are `` aspects of the darkness '' . 
  well , it is an empty shell ... and then there 's all this good stuff beside it , but not in it . 
  if this stuff was in the game as a codex itd be fine , but i didnt know any of this stuff until i googled it ( the grimoire system is very convoluted and horribly designed ), 
  i got voc and mida in the same drop , like , 3rd raid, 
  you dont get any vanguard armor for level 3 , just weapons, 
  vanguard level 2 is all that matters , but its much faster to get to a faction level 2 ( because of the combined crucible / vanguard experience ), 
  if he likes to do everything , his best bet is to do a faction first to get the legendary armor sooner , and when he can do weekly/dailies on a decent level then get to 2 with vanguard, 
  level 2 , not 3, 
  well , technically you can get level 2 armor from vanguard as well , so whatever you like the look of best tbh, 
  vocebreaker is the best combo possible, 
   buy armor . 
  you have to be level 3 before you can buy weapons . 
   so again , the faction items add zero benefit to your character , especially at that level ( or hell , any level ) . 
  umm ... what ? 
  who cares about the weapons , you can get weapons from factions as well . 
  also , no clue why you are sayin the faction items add `` zero '' benefit to a character seeing as they have legendary armor ( which honestly looks better ) * and * better weapons . 
  other way around i thought , future was desolate and past was lush ? 
  yeah !, 
  blow that motherfucker up !, 
  and even if the quote was real , how old is it ? 
  but we return to mars in the present , which would make the traveller theory not work, 
  though the traveller was first found on mars ... 
  okay all that 's fine but then that means the entire area of the black guardian , which is lush and stretches on indefinitely , exists on mars ? 
  or would only the final room be in mars somewhere ? 
   in the next iron banner , new exclusive reward armor will be bumped to level 30 , but will still only be available in two slots, 
  i was n't forged in the aetheon 's cheese, 
  no , he 's a hunter, 
  also, 
   for example , we may have group 1 raid on tuesdays 11am , group 2 on thursdays 3pm , and group 3 on weekends 6pm . 
  does no one have jobs ? 
  / school ? 
  well no , i am blessed by rngesus with my full raid armor , mythoclast , voc , corrective measure , etc. 
  so you wouldnt even be able to make it for three of your own clan sessions . 
  i 'm kicking you out of the clan and putting you on the b-list , bud . 
  well , i have no interest in anything this week , only chance is the helm engram, 
  * unlocks it *, 
  damn your cryptarch ( got the warlock feather helm ), 
  i disagree . 
  as it stands , we are legend and legendary gear is base level gear . 
  blue and green and white are beginner pieces , throwaways . 
  exotics are already prevalent , they are not rare and can be bought on a weekly basis without much work put in . 
  as it stands , legendary raid gear is harder to get than exotic gear . 
  the system is already backwards . 
  legendary is better than exotic , exotic is better than legendary , both are rare and easy to get .
