  what ?!, 
  i had the biggest crush on her , ugh, 
  ... maybe i can get her to switch teams, 
  she 's playing bieber in this movie too, 
   `` get out of my friend ghost '' made me feel like the actress was trying to do 30 rock tracey jordan . 
  that just makes it worse ... 
  yup , here 's a screenshot, 
  i think it 's just that media is art , and art is the domain of the artist , not society or pressure therefrom . 
  music is art , but that doesnt mean it needs to be analyzed like a 10th grade book report . 
  electoral college is just the first past the post / riding system , no ? 
  and agreed . 
  i voted for the cpc because ... just seemed the better choice again , i have no allegiance to them , but trudeau also made/makes me cringe . 
  i also found the whole liberal campaign really distasteful . 
  they relied heavily on sjws using social media to spread myths and sling mud for them , and it worked . 
  saw so much debunked stuff shared during those months . 
  clever of them ... conservatives have attack ads on tv and trudeau as saying niceties , but in social media ( where it mattered ) it was reversed . 
  til artists are just repressed engineers, 
  no , just a pantrans-demikin-binary, 
  it 's you and xir, 
  i know it 's ze/zer 's destiny, 
   a lot of the talk in opposition to it was about how aboriginal people, 
  i may have gotten them crossed up, 
  i only use fusions , i 'm kinda a fusion addict, 
  when you have to scrape at the fringe to come up with a counter point , you 've gone full tumblr, 
  it really is amazing how well the pr machine works on people . 
  it 's like the obama ` hope and change ' schtick but cranked to 11 and people just lap it up . 
  even my mom who is pretty clueless politically hates trudeau , and she hated harper too ( for things he did that messed with her job in a bad way ) . 
  i 'll never understand why people decide to be blindly partisan . 
  how do you go from saying the government is full of crooks one day and then ignore that maxim the next ? 
  he should check his privilege . 
  i know of someone like that . 
   http://www.man-cans.com/, 
  let 's also soak in that he also sells `` she cans '' , but i 'm sure the sjws are still pissed, 
  also , who gets pissed at a child ? 
  he started the company when he was 13 , he 's not some old rich white dude, 
  lose/lose scenario always in effect, 
  so he 's a brotha from anotha motha ? 
  article from 2014, 
   once upon a time , the n-word and f-word were utterly acceptable terminology in undermining not only the basic rights but basic humanity of black people and gay people . 
  that those terms seem radically inappropriate and out of step with mainstream culture now is only because social movements and legal and political changes have shifted the landscape . 
  but make no mistake about it , words matter , not only in reflecting certain dehumanizing attitudes toward historically marginalized groups but in actively perpetuating and rationalizing that dehumanization . 
  it 's the `` dog ate my homework '' excuse, 
  ` i 'm not here illegally per se , i just by chance do n't have my papers ... and entered the country illegally ', 
  the latter part is what is entirely ignored , that the migration was also illegal , not just the residency status . 
  migrating mexicans, 
  we should stop calling criminals criminals , as it dehumanizes them . 
  let 's call them mislawed persons, 
  you just batted 3 for 3 . 
  what ? 
  where do the rest come from ? 
  link ? 
  `` it 's those fuckin ' gays again , man '', 
  no such thing, 
  another way of putting it is an illegal immigrant is 10x more likely to be mexican than the second most prevalent source, 
  the hardest is getting on the middle tower wth the birds, 
  but yeah , getting on the banks is fun too, 
  why do you think i was trying to find a pc term ? 
  it 's also entirely unbelievable . 
  not only does he fuck better than a porn star but every girl on campus wants to fuck him like they have no other options ? 
  it 's just weak writing, 
  good episode of house, 
  i agree with it . 
  there is no `` pan-white '' culture , just a collective of european cultures . 
  you could also say that there is european culture , or american culture , but they are n't based on race or whiteness . 
  exactly , and it would trick people into believing that stannis is actually dead, 
  xerxes with focused fire sucks . 
  my intros are 0.9 seconds , anything more is overkill . 
  bdsm is violence against women ? 
  how is me getting flogged violent towards the dominatrix ? 
  there is a european culture , though . 
  just as there is european history . 
  nations are not islands , euro borders changed a lot , cultures shared , etc. 
  the enlightenment happened in europe , for example , not one country . 
  many of them were listed in promo material , trailers , etc. 
  then again , the boolean gemini was in promo material for house of wolves . . 
  yup , specifically says on it that you can get it via playing taken king , a game that we paid for 6 months ago, 
  it 's the shitlord writer 's fault for making the rations so small to make her unrealistically thin to fulfill some fetish of his / s, 
  you 're thinking of no time to explain . 
  so having class is a privilege ? 
  i guess being classy is a negative thing now , cripes, 
  `` unearned access to social power for 99.9 % of the population '', 
  it 's like they are high when they logic this, 
  agreed but at this point the entire concept of self defined gender is so convoluted ( due largely to the sjw movement ) and based on subjective gender roles i 'm more inclined to throw ` gender ' out the window and stick to the hard facts . 
  i know someone like this , she 's completely bonkers . 
  this is such a clusterfuck . 
  i refuse to play this game . 
  i hate these posts so much, 
  special snowflake : extreme edition, 
  i had the same drop rate the first week when i did 120 , nobody believed me, 
  i 'm sure the beirut attack got more attention in the lebanese press than the paris attacks - are they racist too by definition ? 
  i dont get it, 
  the chevrons on the arms reminds me of this one, 
  but yeah , def more 90s i think , the eyes remind me of the old cartoon though, 
  that 's the thing , they are n't being chill , the lack of chill irrirates me, 
  be yourself , that 's what 's really cool, 
  edit : you throwing in ` gay shit ' is kinda moving the goalposts , dont you think ? 
  lol, 
  being a female who like males and having to put on this facade of being a homosexual man ? 
  seems like a lot of head games to me, 
  so i looked up the program that made this,
