  * race is a social construct, 
  * [ error 400 ], 
  * certain clothes are specific to races of humans, 
  * race is defined by purity of blood, 
  except people dress up as military people all the time . 
  wearing a fake medal is n't `` appropriation '' and they are n't trying to con people into thinking they won a medal of valour by wearing a costume either . 
  neither are these people trying to convince people they are really native american chiefs . 
  if you follow the logic of these sjw/pc idiots who do n't want people to wear headdresses because `` it 's reserved for native american chiefs and is highly important '' - then even a full blooded native american woman could n't wear one as a costume because they would be appropriating their own culture , since it 's only something for men, 
  so would they support that kind of sexism ? 
  i 'm sure their tiny heads would explode, 
  you 're right . 
  he also flies an x-wing in the background and finn says `` what a good pilot ! '', 
  or some shit, 
  black people have to fight to exist ? 
  lol, 
  * listening to dec 28 on itunes right now *, 
  thank you , finally someone who loves fusion rifles as much as me !, 
  everone here rags on me as if fusions suck , but to hear someone else using a fusion as a primary ... like a long lost twin, 
  speaking of which , does wiz talk about fusions in the podcast and at what time mark ? 
  do they discuss the `` nerf '' or future plans ? 
  i did n't get a chance to get ev , and plan c is n't my cup of tea anymore, 
  i think braced frame ( or hand laid stock , as a backup ) are a 100 % must for every fusion rifle . 
  with that stability , all of them are , imo , great . 
  the high impact ones definitely have enough range, 
  ^ darkblade spite w / hand laid stock, 
  what really got nerfed though was the fast-charge ones like split shifter . 
  they got suck a damage reduction that they are absolutely useless now . 
  its amazing, 
  no sir , i do n't believe it . 
  know who else was born of immaculate conception ? 
  til sjws are creationists, 
  they 've come full circle from the far left to the right, 
  or from not getting any attention, 
  but creationism is on the fringe of the right / possibly far-right , regardless . 
  it 's impossible for creationism to be on the left . 
  well by definition right wing is old guard , conservative , etc. 
  left is progressive , reform , change . 
  creationism would be on the right in this case because it 's a conservative , old belief . 
  ever actually use the kneepads perk ? 
  um , it 's the same thing, 
  ` left ' is not a monolith and is assigned on a case by case basis . 
  that would be a cool theory , is that in the expanded universe ? 
  nope, 
   having conservative religious beliefs does n't equal having conservative political beliefs, 
  religion is politics . 
  being right wing in religion does n't mean you 're right wing in economics , but we 're talking about religion here , not economics . 
  mary had a mother !, 
  umm ... what ? 
  if the game detects you are red bar for more than 3 minutes , it should boot you . 
  preferably , give you a weasel . 
  like the article says , i mixed up that with the virgin birth of jesus, 
  okay less , all i care about is the kick, 
  collection of my gifs , as i fusion myself to victory, 
  fusions are still fantastic , just have a high learning curve that most people dont want to deal with , so they discard them as useless . 
  no , it should just trigger when you start that quest line , but dont clutter the dame director with that crap, 
  you get them for playing crucible . 
  you do n't play crucible but want crucible rewards to play a crucible mode . 
  yup , constantly drop there, 
  hardscoping on anymap is dick move 25 and wont help your team much, 
  i got several yesterday ... and the day before ... 
  this is stupid and not worth it . 
  you 're gon na sit on , what , 300 rep ? 
  wow , you 'll be level 1 when you start next time !, 
  and all you needa do is take up space in your bounty list that could be used on other bounties over the next 3 f 'n weeks . 
  my kinderguardian friend got some yesterday and was asking what it 's for . 
  i 'm fairly sure i get them often enough , though i stopped paying attention to them dropping since i have so many . 
  heaven forbid people use their primaries as their primary weapon and stop being such pussies . 
  heaven forbid people try and cap a zone instead of hanging back and not being a team player . 
   if i can kill you with 1 bullet and you have to use like , 12 , why would i do that ? 
  logic ? 
  logic dictates if you stay away from where control points and enemies are , you wo n't be shooting many of those single bullets . 
   i 'll be happy to kill you as you rush me . 
  lol now you just sound like a tough guy, 
   do you have any idea how many times snipers save your asses by keeping a point of attack or two completely clear, 
  said nobody about pantheon ever . 
  snipers kill kinderguardians , nothing else . 
   `` or how many times they have killed an opponent that just popped their gg/hammers/lightning and without doing so would have killed all 4 of the people `` capping a point '', 
  that 's a pretty fringe example and barely happens . 
  stay puft !, 
  lol the sodium levels run high in this camper, 
   i know that was n't directed towards me since i have 6x more kills with handcannons than i do with snipers . 
  that would explain why you began by defending those who use snipers as their primary and only weapon . 
   but when i do , i 'm using it tactically to get a kill . 
  using something tactically is n't using it as a primary , it 's using it a a secondary , intelligently . 
   i hesitated telling you those stats, 
  oh eat shit lol, 
  it 's amazing the lengths you shitty players will go to defend being a cheeseball . 
  by all means , do n't help your team , be a shitty solo camping player , lose the match . 
  do it , have fun by your own means , but do n't get all high and mighty trying to justify your shit dickery . 
  and i still had to wait like 5 minutes for a skirmish to matchmake , and got throw into a heroic strike with a light 220 ... 
  guy was sub 230, 
  i love the commander on my ipad , now i can have it on my phone, 
  thanks !, 
  they are not here to teach you , they are not professors to your ignorance , shitlord, 
  abkhazia is n't in russia , and that 's a fucking hat , and he 's not an ethnic abkhaz , just a black guy who immigrated there and is wearing the cultural clothing . 
  not to mention abkhazia is not in russia . 
  or the middle east , depending on the theory, 
  true but before that it was a province of georgia ( georgian ssr ) , but then it was independent for a decade , and then before that it was still in georgia . 
  it 's a crying shame that they do n't exploit the fact that they have so many blue armor models already made that they could just re-skin and re-sell to use as legendary gear . 
  so much variety on the disc that they just discard .
