  you call the emblem a shader ? 
  2 hanged man , 1 bittersteel , and 1 ship, 
  combined around 80 ranks, 
  i want to claw your face off, 
  downvoted for incorrect use of the word `` meta '', 
  i once got 2 exotics from a package, 
  shes my nerd is a bitch, 
   , i had 2 level 34 and a level 33 after 3 days . 
  yeah , they made it too fucking easy . 
  i have that shirt, 
  i got erection, 
  damn , how do you make these ? 
  theres literally nothing from the old vanguard that i would ever use or want again, 
  they are all second tier guns . 
  literally everything you listed is below something else . 
  agree , the rewards generally suck . 
  however , trials adept weapons rock , and the 2/3rds of the exotic guns from poe rock . 
  agreed , they should have made etheric light hard to get , right now i have more than i can use . 
  it should have been rare and something you go wild about getting because you can finally upgrade some old piece you 've been hanging on to , not something that is common . 
  meh , 3 player is fine . 
  this goes back to 1 and 2 . 
  the weapons arent any good like vog , and the elder ciphers drop too easily so you never get the wow factor since its like a 90 % drop rate . 
  agree , and this ties into the previous . 
  they should have made it long and grindy to get to level 34 , and then on a delay release level 35 skolas . 
  then on top of that make it hard to get the elder ciphers , making us want to keep playing skolas every week on our hard to earn characters . 
  poe is a raid . 
  well , skolas fight has better team mechanics than crota, 
  landing on comets confirmed, 
  worse , debatable , less , no . 
  lord of wolves , queensbreaker , greg 's  vex and especially necro in quantity and quality, 
  it then has a raid set + elemental set . 
  worse weapons by far by equal amount . 
  downing skolas with legit mechanics the first time ( for me , during voidburn week ) was definitely as good as downing crota, 
  whats the difference between a `` drop '' and a `` random occurrence '' ? 
  vault weapons are equal in number , but yes , better , but still equal in number . 
  how are the poe exotics rare ? 
  you 're virtually guaranteed one for beating skolas . 
  the mythoclast has a low drop rate , and the necrochasm has a non-existent drop rate . 
  and lord of wolves is arguably the best exotic in the game . 
   i 've beaten skolas a few times and have n't gotten a cypher . 
  i think you are overestimating how common they are a bit . 
  i get them literally every single time i beat him after 3 week . 
   i thought gjalla/thorn were the best exotics in the game . 
  this is why i said arguably . 
  gally is situational , but yes its in its own class . 
  thorn is great , but i dont use it , and it 'll get nerfed ( presumably ) . 
  red death is also great , i love it , but i stopped using it once i got the low and replaced it with the messenger as my primary . 
  there are a lot of guns in the top tier ` best ' class , i think low is up there , and thats more than i can say about the necrochasm . 
  vex is i think a notch below , great for pve but not entirely dominating like it was pre nerf . 
   in what world is el easy to get ? 
  you can get , at most , 2 a week , if you can finish both 34 & 35 . 
  2 per character per week from poe alone . 
  add in nightfall rewards , and the obscene amount you get from trials , and it 's practically as free as water . 
   it took me 4-5 weeks to get to 34, 
  most people i know got there in the first week . 
  ca n't say for sure , but i 've gotten 3 in a row , and at least one of those rounds everyone got one, 
  your mileage may vary i guess, 
  well its hard to strike a balance , ya know ? 
  as with most things in the game , do you make it so your most devoted have nothing to do after a month , or do you make it accessible so the people who play less , will play longer because it wont feel out of reach ? 
  my friends who have watched his stream told me how he just gets viewers to run bubble farms so he can golden gun endlessly . 
  and apparently he 's not all that great at doing that too . 
  we ran through 35 poe with zero wipes , all in took 58 minutes, 
  you will refer to me as rahool, 
  you are tearing me apart itunes, 
  not for me, 
  yeah , you cant release only half of the software . 
  i 'd understand if it wasnt simultaneous but its been several hours now . 
  clearly something is going on behind the scenes at apple that we dont know about , it 's the best move to sell sell sell the sinking ship, 
  such hax, 
  5pm est passed , the end is upon us, 
  its never coming !, 
  give up !, 
  nothing could be worse than the day zune updated to it 's 2.0 software and messed up everyone 's libraries, 
  it was my first step towards switching to itunes, 
  i dont believe forums, 
  it 's really a disgrace how bungie have dropped the ball since nerfing ars, 
  the itunes music component is fast , the itunes store is still a slow slog . 
  the 2 new components are , i agree , a jumbled mess . 
  especially the recommendations . 
  the ui needs some polish and they need to gut stuff based on your listening preferences . 
  i click on new and get taylor swift and other pop stuff right after i filled out a form when loading up that only told them metal . 
  it should only show new stuff that you 're interested in . 
  the context is itunes is tearing me apart ... lisa, 
  connect is the new ping . 
  i mean , it was predictable - something with a similar feature set to ping would end up like ping . 
  but it does n't even work . 
  i 'm just stick on the home page . 
  i selected 2 artists and it wont let me proceed . 
  i guess it wants me to follow taylor swift or kanye or whoever . 
  nope . 
  this is garbage . 
  and i cant imagine any real artists using it , ever . 
  it 'll be a ghost town . 
   after what luke smith said in an interview i do n't think they 're getting buffed any time soon . 
  i quote `` we want each weapon class to have its moment '' or something like that . 
  this comment pissed me off way more than his ` asshat ' moment . 
  he basically either said `` its okay for some weapons to be op '' or `` something will always be broken , so we 're not trying to balance things '', 
  this is true . 
  they had a daily auto rifle bounty and in some feat of astute statistical analysis , found that auto rifles were being used more than other guns . 
  time 4 nerf,
