  silent hills  everything . 
  until dawn , tomorrow children , a slew of others, 
  oh , and what is there to play for the holidays ? 
  drive club , infamous , lbp3, 
  what does xbox have , halo ? 
  which is great , but do n't get all defensive over one game vs. several and say black is white and up is down, 
  pt is silent hills and silent hills is actually del toro 's horror game that was canned from thq called `` insane '', 
  here 's a quote from that production :, 
   `` with this new series of video games , i want to take players to a place they have never seen before , where every single action makes them question their own senses of morality and reality , '' he said . 
  you say drive club doesnt matter and then list forza horizon 2, 
  d4 is garbage , sunset overdrive is saint 's row / generic 3rd person shooter , and ki is nothing ( aaa ? 
  what ? ), 
  so again , halo , and a bunch of nothing, 
  ps : ends up tomb raider is just timed exclusive , so so much for that !, 
  why is everyone always so shiny in these games ? 
  why are they covered in grease ? 
  supposed to be next gen but they keep fudging this part up, 
  if it was rendered it 'd actually look good, 
  sunset is a saints row clone but with mountain dew monsters instead of other crazy enemies . 
  it 's dead rising meets infamous meets saints row ; generic goofy 3rd person ` shoot everythings ', 
  how can you honestly say xbox has more aaa titles when it 's absolutely destroyed in this area ? 
  it 's the xbox 's hugest downfall , lack of games, 
  lol @ `` kiddie '', 
  infamous first light is n't dlc , it 's a standalone game . 
  by your same logic killer instinct is `` dlc '' . 
  however , infamous is a aaa title , while killer instinct is b-list . 
  also by your same wonderful logic , halo mcc is a remastered game so it does n't count either , if you 're going to use that as an excuse for tlou not ` counting ' . 
  use your damn head . 
  so you 're down to shitty sunset overdrive and d4 , which does n't even have a release date and looks equally as shitty . 
  congrats , you 're gon na have a blast . 
  but most importantly , who cares about the `` holiday season '' ? 
  why does a 3 month span matter to you so much ? 
  is this when you 're home from high school so it gets double relevant or what ? 
  he 's probably lying now , with russia controlling him without the documents to prove it it 's just allegations . 
  `` the us orchestrated rebellion in syria against the democratically elected assad regime '', 
  `` the us orchestrated rebellion in ukraine against the democratically elected yanukovych mafia '', 
  russians will eat this shit up, 
  nice marmot, 
  i mean this, 
  given how brilliant the [ graphics on nba 2k14 ] ( http://chrissmoove.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/nba-2k14-ps4-my-team-a-lebron-sighting.jpg ) were , i dont think we can peg it on capabilities anymore . 
  was hoping they were going to overhaul for next gen. . . oh well, 
  no shit ? 
  correct , for comparison 's sake, 
  ... it 'll never look as good as nba 2k series ? 
  or madden ? 
  japanese games are literally the worst games there can be . 
  maybe in japan , but not north america, 
  all of those games are garbage / nobody has even heard of it ( save for ff , which is popular but still weak ) . 
  adjust your fedora . 
  i keep up with relevant video games . 
  face it , japanese games are a niche for a special kind of people . 
  i mean , come on , legend of dragoon ? 
  what even is that ? 
  sperm . 
  the funny thing is that the graphics will be so much better in the final game , they toned them down for this to make it more believable this was an indy project, 
  why would you go to a store to download something ? 
  just buy it on your phone via the mobile site , you schmuck, 
  this game was awful, 
  valid points , fair enough, 
  russian apologists will just chalk this up to 1,200 `` volunteers '' and that putin has no control over `` volunteers '', 
  his name is zakharchenko , that 's a banderite name , clearly this is a provocation / s, 
  of course it means they 're russians , they train at the rostov military base, 
  i think emulation is more of a pain for 3rd party programmers than it would be for ms itself and their engineers , but i do agree streaming makes a lot more sense , especially if you factor in mobile ( would would be a better selling point for ms tablets than a gaming back-catalog of aaa titles ? 
  people are already hyped on bioshock for ios ), 
  by girkin 's own admission , dpr forces could n't recruit even 1,000 rebels total . 
  1,200 new ones logically do not come from ukraine . 
  if 1,200 ukrainians left to train in russia they 'd have no local forces left . 
  also , the rostov training camp is well known for russians and other post-soviet volunteers . 
  pretending otherwise is a stretch . 
  way too much to spend on a gaming pc imo, 
  in ms 's case licensing wouldnt be an issue, 
  ditto , but part of me wants to get it anyway thinking i 'll like it this time around because of gamepads, 
  mouse/keyboard sucks, 
  because they wave them through support their transit, 
  i dont get it, 
  not worth it now but once the catalog opens up , then totally . 
  did it even sell in japan ? 
  there sure werent japanese complaining, 
  most people complaining were ps2 owners looking for something to mock . 
  i dont have overly large hands and found it extremely comfortable . 
  same goes for my brother . 
  on the other hand , when i got it kids in highschool were quick to mock the size of the console and controller . 
  they of course , never owned one . 
  the design was bad but not worse than anything nintendo put out . 
  this was the gamecube era , after all . 
  but i dont see japanese opinion as a driver of change , they didnt sell there to begin with and still dont . 
  the target market was the us and europe . 
  dear god no . 
  1 cloud = 3 ( xbox ) * 1, 
  giant power brick and still less powerful and twice the size of a ps4, 
  it 's like the engineers just gave up, 
  and has a 90 % rating on rt, 
  some `` bomb '', 
  such an awful game, 
  do n't join the beta program if you 're going to talk about bugs , people are supposed to ignore bugs in a beta, 
  tell no one, 
  just like regular dwarfs, 
  you didnt get billed ? 
  ps4 is not cheaper, 
  true , i had suspicions it was just to hype people up .
