  rng rewarded him . 
  that 's insaaaaaane, 
  so when i post a weapon its deleted for the megathread , when you do its awesome, 
  the easy solution is to include the 3 class/shader/dance items in the $ 40 digital package , because that the one all of us need and will be buying . 
  yes , yes i am, 
  i bet the level 30 is tied to the new classes, 
  level 20 contains the first two classes , next 10 levels are acquiring the 3rd class, 
  i think alone for raid gear we should have enough room to keep collecting that plus exotics . 
  we 're gon na run out of room for that stuff quick . 
  i guess i dont mind though , theres enough room for 7 helmets before you even get into the vault . 
  how many helmets do you need in rotation ? 
  why are the discipline and strength only 19 ? 
  thats so low , did they change the system ? 
  i agree , people complained about poe not having a `` real raid '' but at the same time these are the people who want to cheese crota , snipe oracles , and otherwise run through these as fast as possible, 
  by comparison , skolas takes 2 hours , ce takes 20 minutes . 
  skolas is n't a `` raid '' ; but they treat ce & vog like a strike, 
  i dont know who is downvoting your comments , but im assuming they cheese like crazy, 
   i think the main reason people cheese sections now is n't ease but for speed . 
  this comment makes zero sense, 
  shouldnt this be on / r/circlejerk ? 
  they can as long as they are not fireteam leader, 
  difficulty correlates to time spent . 
  it clearly is more difficult to do it legit than to all wipe & rez while shooting nothing, 
  it honestly was . 
  xbox live is the only reason i play xbox one more than pc . 
  pc gaming is great for single player but fuck anything multiplayer on it . 
  tell me more about the cosmodrome raid, 
  wow you 're delusional buddy . 
  i think you 've huffed so much cheese you 're starting to see green . 
  maybe the goal is to have it all add up to 100 % rather than have some random number around 270 represent 100 % ? 
  simplify things ? 
  best helmet, 
  you 're thinking of ether , or light , i can ' tell the difference anymore, 
  worms are love , worms are life, 
  he 's an alien , not a god, 
  because it 's easier, 
  i will, 
   it 's not hard to kill a metric fuckton of yellow knights ... it also accomplishes nothing . 
  so why do it ? 
  you must really hate prison of elders . 
  i bet you 're one of the people who wants rewards just for showing up . 
  i 've never met someone playing pc games , but on xbox i meet cool people to play with all the time . 
  friends list / party chat , it makes pvp & co-op fun . 
  i 'm guessing this is why weapons are double-digit light levels now . 
  `` 331 '' `` 365 '' are confusing attributes . 
  not xur . 
  til oryx is gozer the gozerian, 
  i downvote people for mats & glimglam too, 
  oh god not these threads again . 
  we had your complaints back with the dark below . 
  get used to it , the game costs 40 whatevers . 
   it 's not the # 40 price that 's being questioned, 
  the entire post is bitching about the # 40 price point . 
  isnt it implied that the original listing price was an error ? 
  lies and slander . 
  didnt even kill the acolyte he threw it at, 
  but the current price is in line with the previous expansion prices, 
  for reference :, 
  2:25 is a hive area , 2:29 is a vex area, 
  we both know the dark below was # 20.00 & $ 20.00 usd ; naturally , the $ 40.00 usd major expansion would be # 40.00, 
  there 's no point in talking price discrepancies when in the us the disc version w / all expansions is $ 60 and the digital version of the same thing is $ 80 . 
  activision is all over the place , but they are consistently all over the place . 
  some of these cells in his body began on earth , so strange to return . 
  happened to me too after a good round, 
  red death . 
  for red death redemption . 
  but you 'll need to be a certain level to play it , and how could you avoid tdb if you need to level up from zero ? 
  it 's gon na be awkward with eris morn talking on your comm mentioning killing crota and now going for oryx , then going to the tower to hear her moaning about finding crota, 
  i was thinking about xp to get to the new 30 level cap , but theres no xp in the raid so whoops, 
  i dont want the price changed , just the digital freebies to be available on teh $ 40 one, 
  i dont think it would break the game if some came with it, 
  the 3 classes were leaked last october , people making threads 4 months ago dont really `` predict '' anything, 
   the very name vex seems a portmanteau ? 
  of two words venus and exo the vex are exo from venus, 
   the reason is n't because the traveler stopped the vex but i would suggest because the vex are a creation of man and the traveler . 
  the vex are an organic race , not machines like exos, 
  however , i buy that their evolution is possible because of the traveler , and as you say , thats why they dont go back in time to hit up earth , because it may screw up their genesis . 
   they have to exist on venus so they can be discovered by the ishtar scientists and subsequently reverse engineered in order to advance exo science, 
  you may be on to something here, 
  why didnt mods merge this into the megathread ? 
  i 'd like that solution . 
  i ask because i 've never bought something like this before ( a collection / bundle ) and so far on xb1 i 've exclusively bought games digitally, 
  then do a fucking bounty or poe run . 
  praise him, 
  when bungie 's servers suck , its always fun to blame your loss on `` hackers '', 
  rahool is the only cryptarch that matters , ives is a vagrant, 
  get better & find better friends, 
  this . 
  everyone i know i found via fireteams or partys over the past months . 
  it 's all about networking , making friends and finding people you have fun playing with . 
  but seriously , i missed any part about messages, 
  i guess i got lucky , the ` good ' pvp branch of my friends list are great guys ( so far ) and while i 'm not the best at pvp , i keep getting invites sent to me that result in lighthouses so i 'm letting the good times roll, 
  ** story confirmed **, 
  bungie had the new supers planned before the game even came out . 
  as we all know , they always had an empty slot for a 3rd one . 
  im confused , what do you mean by `` locked in subclass '' ? 
  edit : ohhhh , really ? 
  wow . 
  i guess i would n't mind that tbh, 
  gatekeeper is easy , but confluxes can still stump people if they dont have their shit together , and i love it ( and well , hate it if my team sucks ),
