  when development will finish is indefinite . 
  subject to change at any moment as they fix , tweak , and expand . 
  the irony is that many of these 31 elitists were a week ago forever 29 . 
  they are literally hitler , rising to power , spiteful at those who kept them down . 
  not many people are going to want to carry you through the campaign since they dont get the xp you get . 
  finish it , get to 20 , then team up with people for strikes . 
  level 30 warlock sunbro reviver i need to do a fresh run with . 
  have a maxed new icebreaker and an unmaxed hunger of crota . 
  gt = i am the hague, 
  crota is about as hard as the templar tbh , and i guess the bridge ( legit ) is as hard as aetheon, 
  mars ' gravity is gone , the traveler changed that shit so that earth , the moon , and every other planet have the same gravity, 
  so still 800lbs and highly militarized, 
  but not earth , or venus, 
  rocket launchers in pvp is a waste , and the horn doesnt really benefit in pvp since everyone dies from any rocket, 
  i dont think you even get any completion xp , just the xp for killing the adds, 
  you doing it now or tonight ? 
  id love to raid some raids up tonight, 
  true , it 's good as long as you make sure to get those 4 kills . 
  i just dont like the ammo situation limiting you . 
  i will . 
  i 'd also like some 33 light gear that doesnt look like ass . 
  just to at the very least outline if anything has changed , whats happening , why we should be doing it, 
  you know , promo stuff , what companies do to hype people up, 
   the vault of glass raid armor should be patched up to level 31 , and the vault of glass guns should match the damage on the vendor guns , so players with fully upgraded raid gear do n't have to bother with vendor gear as an intermediate step between the old raid armor and the new raid armor . 
  maybe the damage on the crota raid guns should be increased to make them more desirable than the other weapons . 
   if vault of glass gear is upgraded to be better than vendor gear , bungie can reduce the difficulty for the normal mode vault of glass and implement matchmaking for it , creating a new progression path for players who have n't previously been able to participate in destiny 's raid game . 
  terrific ideas . 
  bungie ** needs ** to do this . 
  now . 
  do it now . 
  quit screwing your player base over and just fix something for once rather than make it worse . 
  honestly , they do need a sit down and a talking to . 
  the amount of times they 've changed the system or altered things shows they are learning as they go and have no clue what 's going on . 
   yes , because all those hardcore fans who have hit the cap on everything will continue to play destiny indefinitely even if they have nothing to level or do aside from 45 minutes worth of a raid . 
  no , they 'll stop and go play something else . 
  thew new best-of-the-best should come from the new raid , not from vendors . 
  that 's the entire issue . 
  it 's a wild ride until the game is finally finished , i guess with destiny 2.0, 
  polygon is run by ultra-liberal douchebags but that 's another story altogether . 
  their editor is now running the verge into the ground . 
  i really really hope they do . 
  however , with them saying they listened to our feedback and wanted to make the dlc more story driven , only to offer us no story and about as much context as the base game ... i have a feeling they arent listening at all, 
  this is a good question . 
  personally , i use corrective measure since you get over 100 rounds . 
  jolder 's hammer is a similar gun with half the ammo but twice the impact , which is great in pve but i 'm unsure what the dps difference would be in pvp or if it 's a wash, 
  i 'm considering deleting my titan today . 
  i ca n't justify putting shards into the piece of raid gear i have now , nor blowing more mats on the vendor gear i bought at the expense of my main 2 characters . 
  might as well run a double . 
  weapons were never really my thing to gripe about , but they do need to do something to preserve these cool unique weapons with their original designs . 
  vanguard gear is so ... bland . 
  just reskins . 
  but the vog and ce stuff is unique like exotics . 
  it 'd suck for the hunger of crota to be worse than eventual generic legendary gear . 
  better off just waiting for the next dlc to drop so you can automatically buy level 36 armor, 
  i mean , assuming the system stays the same . 
  pile up some commendations , max our your marks , and sit on the game until then . 
  i 'd be down with that , or adjusting the new ce stuff to 366 or something knowing the how vendors would be selling 332 , giving incentive to grind for the ce gear, 
  the incentive should always be : `` grind the raid to get gear that will always be better than the regular stuff '', 
  good question, 
  im so trying this after 5 nothings in a row since the patch, 
  and the new gear was n't even dlc only , but open for everyone . 
  so anyone starting the game could conceivably fire it up , get their first vanguard gear like we all did , and skip the vog altogether or dive straight into hard mode with level 31 gear . 
  we all had to do the game from the beginning to get to level 27 ( 1 level over raid minimum ) and raid for the remainder . 
  new gamers have to do the same , but this system is broken if it nullifies the largest part of the game prior to the dlc coming out . 
  as a 30 doing the same thing , it took 2 crit shots to take them down with a maxed new ib, 
  true , i guess , like on south park ... but that still takes time . 
  all enemy kills give the same xp regardless of level , who cares if they killed in the cosmodrome instead of venus ? 
  farming takes way longer than doing bounties . 
  if this was a viable method of levelling , everyone would be mote farming right now for xurs exotic engrams . 
  both polygon and kotaku are spot on and bungie needs to listen to the fans for a change , rather than screwing us over to artificially extend grinding, 
  because we 'll get fed up and stop playing, 
  i love my hunger of crota, 
  deep fried mars bars ? 
  what has rasputin ever done ? 
  as far as we see in the game , earth as no defenses , nor military . 
  earth has guardians , but no heavy weaponry . 
  rasputin is low key enough that dinklebot has no clue who or what he is , so clearly his defenses are not that big if super sentient ai have never heard of him . 
  then again , dinkle never heard of the vex either until we went to venus , and had no clue what was going on on the moon . 
  different gravity would make for so many different gameplay elements . 
  even the dark below first level where you ca n't jump , or the first level of the raid where you slow down , those parts were the biggest game changers by far . 
  if every planet forced you to adapt in some way ... would be cool, 
  but they are lazy, 
  i wan na bounce around on the moon , motherfucker . 
  * you 're, 
  i cant see a 29 finishing it unless they were really super good . 
  the 32 enemies just have too much of a damage bonus . 
   krymsin viking, 
  added, 
  thats true , definitely the most memorable boss . 
  partly because of the lead up missions , but since i did them in reverse , i still agree she was most memorable ; she was part of the level , not just the final fight . 
  archon priest ? 
  pops up at the end unexplained with little context , no words or sounds , dies . 
  same deal . 
  do n't get me started . 
  septic tank ? 
  fun fight but still , no sounds or words . 
  the story though ... they still dropped the ball in terms of naration . 
  cut scenes are a must . 
  i 'm sick of quest/bounty cards that have direct quotes or narration written on them , like `` the gunsmith hands you back the weapon , and says `` x '' - just do some voice recording . 
  giving us the script to read is unacceptable .
