  - communists are far-left, 
  - ldpr is far-right, 
  sorry , but you 're being to apologetic for them . 
  they may be `` just right wing '' in russian politics , but in the context of european politics they are far beyond the center . 
  gozer chose its form and it was paul feig, 
  ripd, 
  i 'd pay to see ribeiro as a ghostbuster, 
  it 's like there is this gaming demon that possessed ea , and then we exorcized it and it latched itself to ubi, 
  so , ghostbusters . 
  at least one person thinks my high ranked comment on the spin article inspired the show a bit, 
  i 'll keep telling myself that , anyway, 
  at least one person thinks my high ranked comment on the spin article inspired the show a bit, 
  i 'll keep telling myself that , anyway, 
  but with ghosts , that need to be busted, 
  hello friend, 
  i 'm not your marklar , buddy, 
  too bad skywind is vaporware, 
  the product is n't out and you ca n't download it . 
   at this stage , skywind is not available for public release anymore , due to its very alpha state . 
   http://tesrenewal.com/skywind-download, 
  this could stay in development forever and eventually get cancelled as developers fall off or move on to other things . 
  we may never see this . 
  much vaporware never makes it past alpha . 
  scarier than silent hills, 
   pornhub hired the gotham rock choir to mark the erection, 
  found it online , not sure . 
  i got to level 3 and was rewarded a legendary sniper rifle , but no shaders, 
  another guy online got to level 7 and said there were no shader rewards, 
  i got the do sniper rifle for lvl 3 , unsure if i should keep ranking if there 's no shaders involved, 
  thanks for the info and bleak future i 've signed up for in do, 
  so because i played it on xbox ( original ) i wouldnt want to play a better version of it ? 
  yeah that was a real red flag , unfortunately i had already digitally pre-order, 
  then again , ive played this game more than enough to justify the costs , despite my complaints of how underwhelming it is . 
  please do n't start with that russian conspiracy garbage here . 
  they deposed an illegitimate dictator that the entire country wanted gone , the us had nothing to do with that . 
  how many rubles are you paid to post this crap ? 
  it 's hilarious when some chump tells me to read and think when i 'm literally a pro on this topic . 
  true but paid dlc should be filling the gap between this and the sequel if they want to keep momentum, 
  nice, 
  also making me regret that i didnt buy lucky raspberry this weekend, 
  in all honesty , how many years until destiny 2 ? 
  i found this comment from the devs who eluded 4, 
   `` let 's say destiny 2 [ and ] destiny 3 are out , and we have new players joining the fun , '' said wolfson . 
  `` [ they ] want to play those new games alongside those who have been playing destiny from the beginning . 
  [ we want to ensure ] they wo n't feel like they 're four years behind, 
  he said the exact opposite - characters will carry over forever but they want to make it open so new players dont feel underpowered, 
  source :, 
  without addressing the point ? 
  which point , `` dont drink the kool-aid , man , dont watch cnn or fox , man '', 
  was your follow up going to be to tell people to read infowars and watch rt ? 
  lol, 
  racing should just be in the game . 
  period . 
  greens giving you what , 10 cryptarch points for 500 glimmer ? 
  even though glimmer is worthless , that 's not worth it . 
  you 'll go bankrupt for the equivalent of what , 3 blues ? 
  i 'd pay 20k for a legendary . 
  would give me a reason to grind for glimmer . 
  trading would also mean chinese farmers coming in , selling people gear for cash a la diablo, 
  but random is good because random is addictive . 
  like a slot machine . 
  * good for bungie, 
  [ way she goes ] ( http://youtu.be/gtm9xd-ky7e?t=25s ), 
  you 're so 2000 and late, 
  the whole system is so convoluted it 's just pathetic, 
  whatever helps you sleep at night, 
  that 's what i meant , the randomness is set at appropriate % s to keep you chasing the dragon, 
  because he threatened to hit him with a plank of wood, 
  `` xander 99-40 has a message for you '', 
  why did n't he just give it to me himself ? 
  he 's standing 10 feet away . 
  `` xander 99-40 is a dick '', 
  i cashed in 4 blues last night after a strike . 
  2 motes of light and a legendary fusion rifle . 
  do n't you ever speak ill of my hushwind . 
  vanquisher 8 has much higher stability than the shadow price . 
  look at its upgrades . 
  sp upgrades range but v8 upgrades stability . 
  that 's the difference between the two rifles . 
  and 2 weeks later , it still has it . 
  things dont change . 
  i can still dominate an iron banner round with my painted suros cgb-47, 
  there is only time to give you my low level gun . 
  instead of junking it , i present it to you , guardian . 
  the whole mail system is just stupid, 
  you level up crypty , so he mails you a package from across the yard , full of engrams , for you to bring back to him to decrypt . 
  it 's a twisted game he 's playing . 
  or the bounty bot sending you mail that he has a bounty for you , that you have to give to him to read for you . 
  guy is sick in the head . 
  but above all ... why is there no email in the future ? 
  why are we in space jets flying around the universe but are reduced to pagers and snail mail ? 
  `` you have mail , return to earth to find out what you message is '', 
  i 'm partially through level 1 on my way to 2 in vanguard and now just realized the vanq is there ... tempted to start over in monarchy to just go for it . 
  with my odds , i 'll get shadow price as a drop anyway - got 2 epitaphs , swarm , and light/beware last night too . 
  an ar is due . 
  probably some nonsense rare ( the fusion rifle was a light/beware , if thats what you mean ), 
  dont forget bojack horseman, 
  it 's alright , i watched them all in obsession but there 's nothing must-see about it, 
  never heard of pixel but he 's right , the japanese are n't very good at making games, 
  that theme song at the end is great , man,
