  true , the stuff like the arminius and necro have a better ttk , but the next highest ( doctrine ) is on the same par with the hatchet archetype, 
  all still good though, 
  not on the crucible playbook spread sheet i was double checking with, 
  i was referencing the / r/crucibleplaybook sheet that says it isnt, 
  but you 're right , surprised its wrong, 
   i feel as though this also explains why when you shoot the head off of a vex they go into a panic state . 
  not because they fear for their own lives , but because i would be willing to bet the bottom line of the worship subroutine quoria put into place says protect the worm at all costs . 
  no , they panic because you shot off their sensors and vision . 
  the organic part of the vex has a name , it 's the radiolaria and it 's what we call `` the juicebox '' . 
  it 's not a worm , it 's another lifeform . 
  case closed . 
  also the vex pre-date the hive , so the radiolaria already existed in the metal chassis before they met the hive and their worms . 
  it 's not me , it 's https://www.reddit.com/r/crucibleplaybook/comments/3pdh6a/weapon_stats_comparison_spreadsheet_21_now_with/, 
  edit : looks like the updated 2.1 version is the same as well, 
  quit being shallow and pedantic, 
  you 're being an ass , learn to take a joke , ass, 
  i know , i 'm just saying they in their current form pre-date hive discovery , versus them being a product of the worm like op theorized, 
  lol call the whambulance , i 'm a bully for quoting family guy ? 
  give your head a shake , you pc type are outta control, 
  the best was the god-roll that the crucible had on the ` low down ' . 
  counterbalance , crowd control , and way more stability than the hatchet can even have . 
  ditto for the old iron banner 's similar 's wrath , if you could roll it right . 
  though i would argue that if the vex were a product of the hive , then they would have knowledge of them , the worm , the darkness , etc. 
  all of that was new to them . 
  but the grimoire does halp out with your point, 
   it would be easy to assume these vex are the ancestors of those we face today - but with the vex it is never so simple, 
  you 're compensating . 
  treads upon stars w / scout reload gauntlets ... roll it with firefly and oiled frame and it 's like having the saterienne rapier , except it has outlaw-like reload speeds 100 % of the time , not just on headshot kills . 
  she 's literally doing the opposite of * keeping it real *, 
  because marginalized folks something something, 
  in fairness , i did a dt report on them and they were all very green, 
  for pve i love it so much . 
  sharded my hung jury shortly after . 
  i find the higher aa really matters , and its rate of fire syncs nicely with the base stability that i 'm always exploding thrall heads . 
  whoa , you 're pc brah ? 
  seems odd , that 's like , crucibleplaybook , they 're on top of this shit, 
  well , same difference . 
  they 're blind [ without their radio head dishes ] , just not entirely blind, 
  and good analogy for the link / teleport thing !, 
  what would you prefer ? 
  on a good month id expect half to be gifs and videos of cool stuff , 1/4 bitching or suggestion threads and 1/4 hobby stuff, 
  this is what i expect , a non-update update, 
  yup , nailed . 
   expect more news on the coming weeks . 
  oh for sure this line will be dropped . 
  for sure . 
  double standards ? 
  no , you 're just blowing my opinion out of proportion . 
  the first 3/4 of that opening sex scene were very rapey , and i found the heroin addict boyfriend to be disturbing ; i thought the show was taking a dark turn with that character . 
  she got into it , okay , that diverted but it was still disturbing . 
  are we seeing the beginning of some rapey addict behavior ? 
  nothing more ? 
  fiona doing the same thing later is irrelevant to his actions . 
  he did n't resist , he was n't overpowered , he was having a good time . 
  thes are n't double standards , you 're just stretching to justify any and all behavior from crackhead mcgee . 
  we have destiny 2 ... [ / pedantic ], 
  i 'll never do this because my hunter is dead orbit for life . 
  however , trying to do this oh my warlock/titan , 2/6 of the way there, 
  done that before ,, 
  get dropped into the game late and just go on a tear, 
  oh , they had to be salty, 
  `` they are turning us into `` others '' just like the nazis treated the jews ! '', 
  lol nice strawman argument , really reaching there huh ? 
  are you saying he was raped in the final scene ? 
  you consider that rape ? 
   if you consider the first scene rape then by definition yes . 
  by your definition ? 
  this is such a sad sack strawman argument . 
  either you do or you do n't , do n't put words in my mouth to make asinine arguments . 
  i said the first 3/4s of the initial sex scene was rapey , for you to imply that i then think that the entirety of the second sex scene ( which is n't even half as aggressive ) was full on rape , and are arguing against something i did n't say ( `` men ca n't be raped !? 
  '' ) , is just cringeworthy . 
  now you 're just being disingenuous . 
  do you not know what the su in stfu stands for ? 
  lol jeez, 
  oldie but goodie, 
  yes , because 0.01 % of the population needs way more representation in the media, 
  there is no way i 'm making it seem more dramatic than the actors themselves . 
  stop exaggerating . 
  they only give oscars to black people for white money and black genocide , something something, 
  also , lost to light before it . 
  entire temple of crota filled with taken . 
  yeah . 
  chalice is definitely ce reference . 
  we know taken are there from the ltl mission . 
  could be interesting . 
  and temple of crota, 
  im really excited , i love fusions, 
  when in a fireteam , sure, 
  last time i played it i was the only one on either team who took the spark, 
  when you 're saying an opinion is wrong , then yes , you 're wrong and out of line . 
  it was rapey , the first 3/4s of the interaction were about as rapey as you can get . 
  she ended up liking it ... so that removes the scene from ever happening ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if 1 % is gay , then only a fraction of that would be trans . 
  .3 -1 % seems way too high . 
  please stop , make it stop , i 'm already dead, 
  that entirely depends on the roll , it can get 95/100 stability with the right roll . 
  suit yourself , did n't find the patch affected anything other than the split shift er archetype, 
  guess it varies depending on the study, 
  it really makes no sense how they made heroic 's drop a guaranteed legendary ( a bonus ! ),
