  upgrade . 
  not trying to do a clean install . 
   or you may be trying to upgrade pro from a home version of windows . 
  to upgrade you have to have the same version/type . 
  everything is 64bit so not that . 
  i 'll double check on the home/pro mismatch . 
  the installation did work on two windows 7 home premium pcs , but test units not anything i need to work  <, 
  is the link here home or pro ? 
  it just says `` win10 english x64 '', 
  but i used all 1200 of those up ... 
  brother vance sells weapon parts . 
  13,000 glimmer for 60 . 
  i go to vance to stock up every weekend . 
  then come tuesday i still have zero . 
  how does that work ? 
  by my calculations : 160,000 glimmer, 
  2-3 weapon parts , 13k gives you like 60 roughly, 
  would the language be what 's causing this ? 
  which other variables ? 
  i mean , outside of 32/64 which is n't the case here, 
   windows 10 editions below are valid for both windows 10 home and windows 10 pro . 
  no ascending our old armor !? 
  everyone will look the same again ?? 
  fuck , i thought they learned their lesson with ce and fixed it with how . 
  ascending saved the game , now they are shooting themselves in the foot again . 
  voices of nolan north :, 
  wait , what ? 
  tell me more ( it wasnt in the article in ops link ), 
  i dont think ascending armor created any problems . 
  i agree , i wish i could spend marks on 'em, 
  but it should work on either home or pro ... 
  i said that !, 
  where can i read this wizardry ? 
  but it clearly says :, 
   windows 10 editions below are valid for both windows 10 home and windows 10 pro . 
  when reforging with the old ib , motes were the hard thing to have enough of . 
  now motes drop way more often and you only need 1 per roll . 
  3 weapon parts ? 
  when reforging with the old ib , motes were the hard thing to have enough of . 
  now motes drop way more often and you only need 1 per roll . 
  3 weapon parts ? 
  it 's a pro thing !, 
  so i tried the stick on a win 7 home pc here and it upgraded . 
  tried it on an 8.1 pro virtual machine and it asked for a key ; and the pcs that were holding me up here were 7 pros, 
  so ... now ... umm ... i guess i 'll rewrite that stick 's iso again , it may have been the utility that made it downloading/creating a home version only , doh, 
  omg we 're going back to crota 's end to play with a hive raddish !, 
  its not the same since day 1 , dark below gave her 2-3 more, 
  two ** or three !, 
   s1 - i 'm inspecting , that titan with the ldr is back , fuck its the same team again , '', 
  i 'm dying  <, 
  i remember when getting random invites as a 30 actually got you into fun groups and you met people and had a good time, 
  i did this ** exact ** thing the other day, 
  i do n't think he pulls it off , he 's no randy quaid, 
  kill him dead , again, 
  what is an `` artificial level advantage '' ? 
  it 's a video game dude, 
  so you 're complaining that things that are more difficult , are harder to do . 
  exactly . 
  it 's like diablo , are the torment modes artificially difficult ? 
  not fun ? 
  beating harder stuff with less room for error is the entire point of endgame content . 
  destiny was a paid beta / ` early access ' model game but they did n't want to admit it, 
   year one weapons will still be relevant ... for old content and crucible, 
  as long as i can still use my skorri 's in crucible , im happy, 
  i wonder if it would have received less criticism if it was marketed as the biggest ` early access ' game ever ? 
  i guess a lot of ppl would have held off , but then again , less people would have quit because the game was short on content, 
  ttk is the real final release it seems , so damn polished with a year of community feedback to know what the fans want, 
  i 'm guessing it 'll be called the stag and it 'll compete with the ram, 
  is that going to be a legendary version of the ps4 argus armor ? 
  was he refused service before or after this ? 
  with xbox users finally getting ps4 gear , i 'd hope they would re-release it as something useable, 
  great idea, 
  i hated him , but id like to be able to relive those moments we all laugh at, 
  remembering stats isnt rocket science, 
  their problem was having too many items in a single vault space because of last-gen memory constraints , not an issue with the bungie servers forgetting your inventory stats, 
  i agree but if we were to compare to other games , there you get a weapon with 200 damage , then play an hour more and you find something better with 208 damage , and it just keeps getting incrementally better . 
  the turnover of weapons is fast and there is n't much attachment . 
  in destiny every gun has the same damage . 
  everything starts at 279 and upgrades to 300 . 
  you invest time in upgrading them and play with them for several months if not more . 
  asking someone to jettison a weapon after a day is easier than after a year . 
  ditto , we do it for fun , and maybe glimmer & exotics , but not because it should be timeless and always drop new stuff , that makes no sense, 
  why play oryx raid if vog keeps staying `` relevant '' ? 
  surprised there 's been no datamining this time around, 
  didnt megaman show all the how gear ? 
  and that `` union '' faction weapons ? 
  that stuff was n't on disc , right ? 
  personally i think ascending was the perfect solution , but only if the material to do it dropped as rare or rarer than top level raid gear . 
  then at least it would be on par with the new stuff . 
  yeah . 
  i 'd be cool with an upgrade ` crux ' as a carrot to grind after . 
  problem with etheric light was that it was so common the ` goal ' became not to get raid gear , but to upgrade every single legendary you had in your vault . 
  i have 1 elemental poe gun , and no desire to get any of the others ; and yet i have more etheric light than i know what to do with, 
  yeah . 
  i 'd be cool with an upgrade ` crux ' as a carrot to grind after . 
  problem with etheric light was that it was so common the ` goal ' became not to get raid gear , but to upgrade every single legendary you had in your vault . 
  i have 1 elemental poe gun , and no desire to get any of the others ; and yet i have more etheric light than i know what to do with, 
  nobody gets past their exclusion zone, 
  it would also give people a reason to run the old raids , but they 'd know it would be a grind, 
  ie , new player :,
