  doesnt have to be all of them at once , just what `` they '' are, 
  i see it as like a bizarro world justice league, 
   they can always message you if they have something important to say . 
  well , buddy , unfriending them removes them from your contacts . 
  are you dumb or something ? 
  now they just need to update the android app because it 's not showing my onedrive music at all, 
  looks similar to me , then again , we have similar hours, 
  i never really went for titan completion though , but i hang on to the exotics just in case, 
  its not the stupid moves , it 's that she deceives the guys she 's with, 
  first the drunken rape , now lying about being on the pill, 
  sounds about righ, 
  oh she knew , she completely knew . 
  saying you 're `` on the pill '' when you know you 're not on it ( that is , it being active ) but just swallowed one ... oh god i hate her, 
  well she wanted to be on the pill originally , but after talking to the sister and how she was so happy to have kids , i guess she changed her mind impulsively ... because debbie is incredibly stupid, 
  an abortion would be a good storyline for her imo , other people have already had kids on the show, 
  i know she does n't want one , but maybe she changes her mind when the guy abandons her, 
  except carl , he 's awesome, 
  that 's not covered in the us ? 
  wow yeah that could pose an issue, 
  guess we 'll just have to wait and see how this plays out, 
  they ( the russian army there ) was also firing next to a residential area , drawing fire on civilians ( ie , human shield tactics ), 
  it 's a bit of both . 
  they 'll often fire from one apartment block and then immediately leave to another area . 
  ideally the enemy is too afraid to fire back , but if they do , they 'll be long gone anyway . 
  then it turns into a psychological war : ukrainians actuall return fire and hit homes , locals turn on ukrainian government because civilians died . 
  correct, 
  ugly, 
  bastion was my favorite map . 
  pissed as hell they removed it - i paid for this game , how can they just remove content ? 
  do n't forget hymie !, 
  i have the sudden urge to smoke some crack, 
  i still dont understand why he did that to carl, 
  why do you say that ? 
  til fiona is dolan, 
  true , i guess , it just seemed like such a dick move . 
  i mean he wanted to get away from sammy 's grip but he clearly did that anyway . 
  carl plays ball , why go behind him like that and literally call the cops on him . 
  it was my understanding that he wanted to get away from her , that she was crazy and keeping him on a leash in some kathy bates / misery kind of scenario, 
  seriously . 
  working in the mailroom makes him proud, 
  passing the bar makes him proud, 
  graduating from an non-respected school so that he could take the bar and have a career as a lawyer just absolutely disgusts him, 
  chuck busted his ass through law school , jimmy just took the easy route of juggling it with a full time job late in life, 
  i figured it out last week when on this board some of us were talking about the silent scene and realized he was being respectful and there was something up with hammy coming to give him the news and not his brother himself, 
  chuck was dodging since day 1, 
  it 's possible chuck told him to go break the news to him immediately and he was just following orders, 
  great acting, 
  yup, 
  mind blown, 
  and jimmy could have just had chuck committed , chuck would be out of hhm and cashed out . 
   saul is not neutral , he 's `` chaotic '' trying to be `` lawful '' . 
  hence him being in between the chaotic and lawful columns . 
   oh but the wife of a guy who embezzled some money from the treasury ? 
  she actually is evil . 
  she was willing to let her husband go to jail for life so she could make off with the money . 
  she was the mastermind behind the whole thing . 
  if you watched the show you 'd know she 's evil . 
   mixing good traits and bad traits makes you a character with nuance not a paragon of neutrality . 
  holy shit you 're being pedantic, 
  and it was n't him, 
  well it 's not like there 's an easy way to take the bar ... 
  she was fine with him going to jail . 
  there were no conditions - either they take the deal and give up the money , or sacrifice him to jail and she keeps the money, 
  the husband was sweating , the though of losing him for the kids was raised , and she didnt blink - she said they werent guilty despite being the mastermind, 
  she never accepted defeat to save her husband , she did it to save herself from being an accomplice and only after the money itself was gone . 
  she 's not oblivious either , she was quick to go back and blackmail jimmy and take him down with them , she knew she was guilty . 
   er doctor saying that the gas lighting was dangerous and the matches in the beginning of the episode . 
  my prediction if we 're going with this thread is that he uses the james mcgill matchbook that he said jimmy should rename . 
  ergot , jimmy mcgill is gone forever , and a new name is born . 
  if there 's an explosion from gas , then it 's the james m mcgill matchbook ( from episode 1 ) that 's going to do it . 
  as far as wanted for murder ... he does n't leave the state , everything from now till bb takes place in albuquerque , and saul is more in the public eye ( with commercials and everything ) than ever . 
  if he 's trying to hide from the law , he did a bad job by being the most well known face in the city . 
  awaiting putinbots coming here saying the russian soldier was a western jew-media plant / if they were in ukraine they would have have kyiv by now, 
  the russian army is incapable of defeating and occupying ukraine , absolutely . 
  we saw how badly afghanistan played out with a far superior soviet army . 
  ukraine is a quagmire if there ever was one . 
  a useless conscript army on annual turnover versus passionate insurgency would bleed russia in two ways . 
  the only ones abetting mass murder are putinists . 
  what consequences are you talking to ? 
  `` if you defend yourself , we 'll kill you '' ? 
  yeah , typical thug . 
  but the other thing is him not even wanting him to use the mcgill name ( and putting the blame on hamlin , again ) . 
  `` you 're not a real lawyer and not even a real mcgill '', 
  i take it the vodka is cheaper than ever over there lol , you people are pathetic, 
  from a pragmatic sense , sure , but this is his own brother saying he does n't want people knowing they are related . 
  also , a lot of lawyers have the same surname , and `` hhm '' / `` hamlin hamlin and mcgill '' and `` james m mcgill , attorney '' sound nothing alike, 
  why would he go back and get a law degree when he already has one and is a lawyer ? 
  nobody wants go go back at that point in life and write the freakin ' lsat , nevermind the money and time to get a degree just so he can degree to become a lawyer, 
  another thing i noticed was when he objected to jimmy bringing over his files to his house . 
  his house is empty ... and he wont help jimmy just store some files for work . 
  he 's broke , how is he a ) supposed to get into an ivy league school in the first place , and b ) pay for it without getting into huge debt that he ca n't handle ( plus that 's 2 years of lost salary since it 's not like he can do the pd work off hours ), 
  itll come out one year after comet , that is to say , q4 2016, 
  and shes not getting hotter either, 
  the only thing i dont like is fiona leaving gus , gus was great, 
  i think thats just because they 've spent so little time on him . 
  i think there 's a character there , someone who is spontaneous and vulnerable , moreso that boring older guy with drug/baby mama issues . 
  he 's just typecast , nothing wrong with that, 
  i like it , it makes me feel smarter, 
  she has no eye contact , it 's like she 's blind, 
  basically the raid wasnt finished but they saw the player numbers were dropping off so they rushed out another incomplete product to us , this one less complete than the last .
