  `` give us $ 20 for this cool stuff ! '', 
  '' ... btw you ca n't use the shaders on different characters , the class item is junk after the first day , and the dances as class specific for no real reason . 
  thx '', 
  how do the mods not delete this crap for low quality ? 
  mods usually delete funny things , so point still stands, 
  if the only way to get daily crucible marks is to play rift , then yes , they are forcing you to play rift if you 're just a pvp player, 
  that 's like saying `` your employer is n't forcing you to go to work , you are choosing to do so for the paycheck '', 
  akka didnt attack earth , he was in fundament on the other side of the universe . 
  something else must have commanded the darkness/deep and used this power against earth . 
  or oryx did attack earth , or the hive did . 
  the ` darkness ' was chasing the traveler , and the book of sorrows says that oryx set his lifes ambition to chasing the traveler from galaxy to galaxy . 
  they destroyed one planet that the traveler helped and thats whe he and his sisters set on their own ways . 
  now , we know the darkness chased the traveler and caused the end days . 
  but oryx is only coming to earth now because of crota . 
  i dunno where i 'm going with this . 
  but akka didnt attack earth . 
  collapse was like 700 years ago if i remember correctly , so ops theory is bunk, 
  waaaait , why do you think there are more than one travellers ? 
  this is n't spamming by any definition of the word . 
  i think random silly suggestion threads should get their own tag or something so others can avoid this clutter, 
  i dont think it necessarily implies many . 
  it is just describing it , something that travels . 
  hm , okay so just looked up this quote, 
   we chase a god called the traveler , a huckster god who baits young life into building houses for it . 
  which is pretty specific , and all references after say `` the traveller '' and seem to indicate its the same one hopping all over the galaxy . 
  there is only one reference to `` a traveller '' and it 's early on , when oryx was a child . 
  it 's an interesting theory though . 
  unless it 's a plot twist , and if eris is working for a god of deceit , then her workings with the queen would just be a setup, 
  my theory is that the worm gods are ahamkara that were infected by the worms , which would explain the hive ( mind ) adopting ahamkara speech patterns, 
  that was our clan name until we changed it to the shrekoning, 
  ditto , was doing 25k when i shot him with that, 
  `` bombs ? 
  i thought you meant he was dropping those bombs on us again '', 
  as if the mortar sequence would happen in the middle of the damage run , after doing it for 3 hours , how do you come to this conclusion ? 
   feet of patience, 
  how did you take down his shields ? 
  i saw a grenade and then ... what happened ? 
  oh didnt see the second nade go off, 
  you mean put it back to the way it was ? 
  imagine if everyone had a 20 over their heads from last sept till now and light level was hidden . 
  that 'd be stupid . 
   you could glance at the guy next to you in court of oryx who just wandered in and know if he 's prepared for a tier 3 much more easily, 
  case in point , we were doing coo last night and this one blueberry was sitting in the corner during our tier 3 fight and we thought he was just afking for free loot . 
  we starting punching him afterwards and then he messaged us to tell us he 's only 230 light . 
  it should have never got to that point , we all just see 40s now and assume you 're good enough . 
  bungie needs to fix this . 
  tldr : we gain xp and light from killing things , becoming more powerful, 
  i think there 's two things :, 
  yes , sword logic , we kill crota & the generals so we , like the vex , become more powerful, 
  by killing the generals we disrupt the chain of feeding the worms . 
  they are not killing anymore , we are , and we kill them . 
  this disrupts the tithing system oryx set up , so his worm eventually consumes him in the end . 
  no , we do n't blow him up , that 's his worm in there , which will destroy him if he does n't destroy us . 
  yup , ghost says something about retinal scans and 100s of years apart , which implies time travel, 
  the worm gods are 4 ahamkara that were infected by worms , imo, 
  the hive are the worms . 
  the krill ( shrimp people ) were infected by the worms , making them part of ` the hive ' , the worms hive mind . 
  this is the best round up yet , good job !, 
  i just want to throw the idea out there that there were ahamkara that were infected by the worms , which is why the worms took on the attributes of their hosts - with the ` mine ' verbal tick . 
  this would also explain why the leviathan ( good , normal ahamkara ) is imprisoning and quarantining the infected 4 ` bad ' ahamkara . 
  but i really like your explanation , esp the latter that a host drove itself with the needle ship into fundament to give birth , not to destroy the ahamkara . 
  let 's also quote this line, 
   for millions of years we have been [ trapped | growing ] in the deep . 
  from across the stars we have called life to fundament , so that it might contend against extinction . 
  for millennia we have awaited you ... our beloved hosts . 
  this would mean they drove the ship , gave birth , and wated & called other planets to crash into fundament so they could start the cycle again . 
  no time to explain is the same color scheme as the ghost he found, 
  why are people assuming you need to be in fwc ? 
  she 's just an npc, 
  doesnt mean the two are connected , there are other quests that send you to faction npcs, 
  holy shit op , do you think when someone says ` dragon ' they mean literally dragons from fairy tales and not something of rough description with wings ? 
  this post misses the forest for the trees . 
   great and coiling length ? 
  since when is that a characteristic of a dragon ? 
  it is . 
   but in basically every classic mythology there is a definite distinction between serpent and dragon, 
  this is destiny , in space , not your 7th grade western mythology class . 
  all dragons dont look alike , quit stereotyping dragons with your cisdragon social constructs . 
  nah it 's by oryx or one of his sisters , they were using the orrery and found a 53rd planet . 
   oryx lost track of it when he was killed chasing down the last of the fallen ark-ships ,, 
  where is this mentioned ? 
   thesan fr4 - insane , rediculous fusion rifle . 
  get it . 
  this gun was n't even for sale this week . 
  nope . 
  stock hung jury has hand-laid stock which nearly maxes it, 
  if you 've got the marks, 
  no , not at all , since he is a member of the community . 
  if you 're going to block every post on here where a user gives information / discussion on destiny as `` own content '' then mods should start blocking 80 % of the content here . 
  it 's rather eye-rolly that someone can throw up a discussion post and type something out and that 's fine , but if they include clips and a voiceover it 's construed as `` self promotion . '', 
  spam rules are meant to deter the spamming of off-site content , ideally from pr/seo people , not non-commercial content creation . 
  is this a new thing ? 
  screenshots of 3 cloaks making front page ? 
  maybe you should make yourself useful and not let the ogres run rampant then ? 
  one guy with a sub-280 sniper should n't bork your entire raid . 
  how do you even intend to issue bans after the fact ? 
  are you going to rely on thread starters to issue reports and then you 're going to cross check the dtr report of the raid to see if the person was up to standards ? 
  if you 're not in the raid itself , how can you issue bans based on hearsay ? 
  oh , well i just considered everything of the worm colony to be ` hive ', 
  from this quote when they met the worm gods before they were the hive :,
