  you know , you can still use it in pvp ... 
  i wanted to but never found a use for that gun . 
  the charge time just made it inferior to every sniper in the game to me . 
  i dont think this is doxxing because she 's specifically calling us out, 
  til racial slurs have nothing to do with real racism, 
  oh this is great . 
  a `` trans '' guy bashing on drag queens , equating drag to blackface . 
  he should go to a gay club and start calling them all homophobes . 
  it 's a guy who is trans . 
  a trans guy . 
  i really do n't get his stance . 
  if a man is n't is n't committed to a 24/7 transition then they should sod off ? 
  if someone wants to dress in an exaggerated way and not ` pass ' , then what they do is wrong ? 
  it 's some `` you are n't a real fan '' / no true scotsman shit . 
  reminds me of that girl on the front page right now who wore the skull facepaint and was told she was n't mexican enough . 
  well i can never hit those shots at short range if someone is moving, 
  wow haha, 
  i see shores of time all the time , not even exaggerating . 
  though that maybe for rumble , but i 've def seen it in control a few times lately . 
  in fact , i see all the ones op listed in rumble all the time, 
   bastion, 
  this shows up in the regular ttk control playlist as well . 
  100 % sure . 
  first light is showing up somewhat often for me in control . 
  had it twice the last session i played on sunday . 
  good, 
  it 's honestly still a good gun for pvp if you like hcs , it 's just not broken anymore . 
  so people stopped using it . 
  absolutely , i mean , in theory . 
  i 've never seen that happen post-ttk ... thankfully, 
  wait , they were able to use it in trials !? 
  but ... the low light level, 
  ah , but some guides on here said that it wasnt balanced evenly , and that weapon attack still mattered big time , so i figured going from 310 to 170 damage would turn it into a nerf gun in trials, 
  yeah , with them disabled, 
  neato !, 
  `` all of the semiotic violence that spooning conveys . '', 
  i want to downvote this so bad . 
  the funny thing is , by their own nomenclature , they are not real women . 
  they are trans-women . 
  real women are n't hyphenated . 
  stars were gender neutral, 
  see : not broken , so people stopped, 
  hcs are fine now , i suck with them and was still able to use them for the shaxx quest and do well, 
  is this a joke ? 
  yuppers, 
  as if he did n't have it bad enough , you put him in water ? 
  this looks like torture . 
  that 's very unfortunate , glad he 's making a comeback . 
  my kitten was 3-4 months old when he jumped off a balcony 2 stories high . 
  we did n't see it happen so we can only assume he was luck enough to land in a bush and not on the concrete everywhere else beneath it . 
  he had zero injuries , it was some sort of miracle . 
  my fireteams always use them so ... 
  it has aa of 71 , which is the same as her benevolence, 
  not always , just the last era, 
  here 's the cabal gun that dropped in front of me, 
  the black guy always dies . 
  it 's the movie code . 
  edit : the reference, 
  they 're making it up as they 're going , so can i, 
   guy and is transition [ is not a trans guy ], 
  of course it 's made up . 
  everything is made up . 
   but there 's nothing i can really do to change that . 
  i grew up straightifying my voice in front of my family and i do n't plan on reverting back to that now that i 'm living alone . 
  being gay does n't give you a stupid dialect . 
  you do . 
  you 're mimicking a stereotype . 
  you 're the reason people talk with a lisp and make fun of gays - because you mimic ridiculous stereotypes because you think it makes you fit in . 
  you 're no different than white guys who speak in ebonics to prove that they 're street . 
  and yeah , i 'd boot some idiot white teenager who spoke in ebonics . 
  it 's just a trend that 's part of a sub-culture . 
  like goth kids talking all dark and gloomy , or wiggers talking like a snoop dogg video . 
  it 's all just highschool nonsense . 
  yup . 
  and the line about how he ca n't change the way he talks , like it 's some speech impediment from birth ? 
  lol get the fuck out of here . 
  i play with 3 gay guys and none of them sound like assholes like op . 
  your theory is bunk . 
  it 's a meme . 
  it 's a cultural trait that is imitated . 
  you see it on tv , you hear other people doing it , and you impersonate it to fit in . 
  nothing more . 
   not all of them have it and i know many gay people who talk `` straight '' . 
  this shit actually offends me . 
  as if a gay person who acts or talks normal is just `` acting straight '' . 
  it 's some `` uncle tom '' , exclusionary nonsense . 
  i 'm fine with the current system , i just hate getting moldering shards . 
  it 's a slap in the face for that to drop on hard mode . 
  give me a crappy item at least , but not more damn moldering shards . 
  i dont get it , so you only pop it on the 3rd strike ? 
  so it 's not 90 % really , it 's one in three strikes ? 
  ah , makes sense then, 
   also , there are no aboriginal tribes , they are fucking nations , and there are a shitload of them . 
  a `` nation '' in this sense is just a fancy word for tribe . 
  in canada they pompously call themselves `` first nations '' but it 's the same thing , tribes, 
  this says it 's a confederacy of nations . 
  of course , scroll down and the word ` tribes ' is used interchangeably . 
  because it 's 2015 and people want to make the old term `` racist '' and come up with some new convoluted term, 
  how are they not tribes ? 
  til humanity began with greek whores,
