  spawn into the room ? 
  you mean enter the building , or cross the threshold ? 
  or is it after getting your loot from the bridge ? 
  that page looks like it was copy-pasted , it 's the same text from last time , even though it was already confirmed to reset, 
  they 'll fix that typo tomorrow morning, 
  so just to confirm , the team can wipe in the hallway and get a fresh clock without affecting the doors ? 
  first two parts can be soloed , but even without the cheese , second isnt that hard, 
  deathsinger is hard, 
  crota isnt hard if everyone knows whats up, 
  case in point , deej said over and over that they were resetting the iron banner rank , and today , no reset, 
  they 're making this shit up as they go , no plan at all, 
  rng blessed ? 
  you can buy level 31 gear in the vanguard store . 
  enough of this `` oh woe is me , rng '' posts since bungie rewards ` casuals ', 
  there should only be one `` marks '' currency imo, 
  it 's stupid that you can rank up a faction by doing vanguard bounties , but can only buy gear ( which is no better than vanguard gear ) with crucible marks, 
  what was the point of getting people to 30 before the dlc if the vendor gear since the dlc has gotten people to 31 ? 
  this . 
  i held off buying vanguard helms/chests because of this , expecting something different , at least one piece . 
  the titan helms from vanguard suck so bad . 
  how about field scout and a reloading perk ? 
  then play regular crucible , the point of ib was supposed to be about being rewarded and competing, 
  i just expected the helm . 
  that 's all . 
  they didnt even promote it . 
  that they just rehashed all the bounties from last time shows how little they give a shit about this game . 
  i did n't expect level 32 gear , they said level 31 gear in the update notes, 
  but you 're right , they already had this failure , and they corrected it by providing a way of people getting to 30 via pvp . 
  now they have given up on that mantra all over again . 
  2 pieces this time and 2 pieces sometime later before hm comes out would have been perfect, 
  i find its 400-500 glimmer per run of that first section , which takes maybe 1 minute, 
  on top of that , you also get the 400 glimmer cryptarch things they drop as well , so it really adds up, 
  vendors should be giving light level 29 gear, 
  3 pieces of 29 light gear + 1 new exotic gets you to 30, 
  vanguard gear should be enough to just scrape you in , not put you ahead, 
  if ib rewarded more crucible marks than normal , that would be a good start to incentivize people to participate, 
  not much , bungie really fucked this game up with the dlc, 
  the polygon/kotaku articles outline the issues clearly, 
  there should have been a ` kill crota ' bounty , one time use only , for like 20,000 rep or some shit, 
  sorry , tired today, 
  this all falls on deej or whoever is managing communications . 
  the silence since the dlc has been very telling , and troubling . 
  that the ib was not even formally announced but relegated to blog footnotes is just a total hack job . 
  yeah , that 's the same page from the first iron banner . 
  i was refreshing it a bunch yesterday and it was stuck on the november details from 2.0 , then last night they changed the dates and level # . 
  like you said , it 's not linked anywhere on the site , and honestly , they should have been promoting it . 
  it 's just bad marketing . 
  when battlefield has a 2x xp weekend , they promote the shit out of it . 
  i know those are happening even if i do n't play the game . 
  i play destiny religiously and only know about this because of patch notes & reddit . 
  i 'm having fun with murmur . 
  1 shotting all those yellow cabal makes it a bit satisfying when they disintegrate on sight . 
  also , faster than what i was doing previously . 
  the post dlc weekly update that was just an interview with a voice actor who had 4 lines in the game was icing on the cake for me, 
  this is amazing , thank you , ive always wondered which i was missing, 
  now i can finally get that xbox achievement, 
  i was in a group where nobody knew what was going on for crota last night and it sucked ( and then the fireteam started quitting , because only easy things should be worked for ), 
  it 's because bungie ca n't make up their mind on the rules of the game, 
  last week it was `` we will give you limited events to get select max level gear '', 
  then they drop this on us , and go back to the old format of giving us store-quality gear . 
  and then we have the vanguard itself , which stupidly gives us level 31 gear for no reason , which made our max level gear obsolete before we even got into the new raid, 
  bungie is making this shit up as they go and its frustrating, 
  i said that last time , and then got it ... and i was amazed, 
  then i did it every day of the week . 
  i dont know how , but it happened . 
  consistently . 
  clearly you never played the vault of glass, 
  last week i got apothesis veil and icebreaker, 
  unique, 
  i found him the other day too, 
  wow , may just be the best armor set in the game , sauron, 
  what shader is that ? 
  life 's rough, 
  works on everything, 
  just more shitty communication from bungie , someone should seriously get fired or demoted, 
  because her bounties are easy and she has a lot more gear/trinkets to get than the iron banner, 
  what bug ? 
  whats wrong with it ? 
  lol seriously ? 
  0:00 again like the bridge ? 
  no exotic engrams for them . 
  zero . 
  and no re-rolls , either !, 
  worked really hard buying it from the vanguard store this week , eh, 
  26 rounds is why i hate it, 
  since its only 10 % more damage than jolders , dont think im going to waste the materials in upgrading it , losing half the ammo is too big of a hit for me, 
  field scout or go home, 
  if you 're not competing to win anything , then ib is no more or less fun than regular crucible, 
  this game needs transmog so figgin bad . 
  the thought that such great designs will be thrown in the garbage can come the next dlc is just criminal . 
  323 just doesnt make sense , why not make it as powerful as the new exotics were going to be , the perk being that the vex got a head start ? 
  after the patch bumping it down to 75 , i got nothing but blues, 
  today , i got a legendary piece of armor . 
  thank god they fixed this . 
  you `` earned '' your gear through rng , gear which will be outclassed by vendor gear in no time flat . 
  because they made vog gear worthless , so the sense of value and accomplishment went out the window, 
  watch them put more invisible walls into the game to stop people from soloing things because it 's `` not the way they meant it to be played '', 
  yes , as i said `` the perk being that the vex got a head start '', 
  but its cap is still lower than all the other exotics . 
  what good is a day 1 perk if its outclassed by the end of the week ?
