  that , to me , sounds like a company that * is n't * listening, 
  armor and subclass are unrelated . 
  i could be level 20 with a maxed subclass . 
  cinematics matter less to me than voice acting & narration . 
  what 's level 15 ? 
  they did n't expect us to get through the exclusion zone, 
  this song, 
  once , twice , three times a twenty, 
  this is amazing , you are legend, 
  its dumb that they are only cosmetic, 
  its dumber that the ones the speaker sells are the same price as an exotic armor engram from xur, 
  hmm , lets see , do i get the useless cape or something that matters ? 
  hey , it 's called a mud flap and serves a practical purpose, 
  why, 
  if you have it down legit no problem , why are you beating your head against it ? 
  fuck glitchers, 
  leader of a clan im in has bad epilepsy . 
  he can game , just with the lights off , but he hasnt been on lately so i guess its been acting up, 
  my cat also has bad epilepsy ... 
  hard mode should let us get to level 33 , then , so we would know the 33s are the non-cheesers, 
  add a node to all raid armor , and have hard mode drop the materials to unlock those nodes, 
  saturn raper is a solid gun , worth the 150 crucible monopoly money, 
  you 're doing it wrong then, 
  wow this is so much easier than the old cheese , thanks !, 
  how do people come up with these wild cheeses ? 
  i guess these techniques are only possible when you have millions of people playing a game , that 's why qc does n't pick up this rinse and repeat nonsense, 
  i neglected my usual destiny friends ( who insist on glitching crota ) so i could find new people who wouldnt, 
  first group took a bit because a guy left , but once we got together it was done very smoothly, 
  tonight i did another , we had a level 32 in the group and it was done in a single run, 
  i really hate the excuse of `` this doesnt matter , only hard mode matters '' from cheaters, 
  yeah but just imagine all that sweet cheese loot you 're not going to use the next time you use crota, 
  the whole point of raiding is to get loot and weapons and not use them, 
  the whole ~ ~ expansion ~ ~ dlc is very half assed all around, 
  hotfix : 3 random people get marionberry errors and disconnect from the game, 
  they do , i 've heard it several times . 
  it 's like they 'll all be angels the second hard mode comes out , which is amazing since i know this group cheesed oracles and templar on hard mode when i first joined them . 
  as someone who can read cyrillic , the title says `` yaoskoo 4 '', 
  since it was on an angle like \u0423 i assumed it was , since \u0427 is usually more boxed, 
  that 's crazy , 29s can do relic if need be, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  but being 31 doesnt give you any additional damage over anything in the vog, 
  i 'm at a point where i can wait to get level 4 with eris to convert energy to shards to get to 32 ( that could take a week or two , depending on how many bounties she gives a day ) or i can shard a full set of titan armor from my alt & put ti towards my main, 
  i also havent completed crota every week on every character either , so i assume id be that much closer if i grinded like hell on the first week, 
  i only use r/fireteams and have yet to have a bad experience like this, 
  in fact , both my explicitly non-cheese runs this week i met up with some cool people , 1 was a 32 who just owned shit on crota to help us out ( he 'd obviously done that fight many many times and was just sherpa'ing around , said if i could get a group of 29/30s who needed it he would be happy to help sherpa anyone ), 
  thats what makes this community great ( when it is ), 
   shit , since the dlc dropped i 've had harder attempts and more wipes with full groups of 30 's and 31 's , than what i did pre dlc, 
  that 's because they give away level 31 gear in the vanguard for nothing these days and you can be 31 without ever even doing the vog on normal , never mind hard . 
  oh , so it 's russian-made just like the khvostov , which would explain why they 're the two worst guns in the game, 
  we were born from his load, 
  i really hate seeing 30s with `` 31 + only , must have your own crota cp '', 
  i mean , really ? 
  you want people to line up to carry you ? 
  ghosts are the travelers sperm, 
  what console ? 
  these kinds of posts are for r/fireteams, 
  they do this for notoriety so they can be hired by those who need such high level ` services ', 
  i get `` destiny servers are unavailable '' message, 
  i literally bought the xbox one because of the controller . 
  messaged, 
  i dont like where this is gone , but i ca n't go back now, 
  i mean , the chalice of light is just disgusting now . 
  must be nice having destiny today ... 
  do the vault of glass, 
  possibly to get jobs in security or gigs doing the same to other companies, 
  def not to just be assholes , they want the notoriety to benefit financially, 
  theyve all just given up and switched to mountain dew, 
  dont get your hopes up , happened to me last night and notta, 
  at one point today i was destinying with the best of them , finished all my eris bounties, 
  and then the darkness consumed my connection, 
  i keep getting the `` you must be connected to xbox live to blah blah '' message, 
  i 'm on xbl , my friends list is populated with people , some playing destiny . 
  i ca n't connect to play destiny though ... 
  they 're notoriously bad for psn related mishaps, 
  this is really annoying . 
  im on xbl , i even downloaded a game to test out my connection . 
  all services work . 
  except for destiny . 
  destiny says for me to sign in . 
  same . 
  i even went on xbl and downloaded volgarr the viking to test my xbl connection . 
  destiny dont wan na work, 
  yeah just got the update download again, 
  working now . 
  maybe reset your router ? 
  i refreshed my vpn and restarted my console too, 
  the week no land beyond became the longest available exotic in the game 's history, 
  `` icebrakers ? 
  yeah , just behind the counter to your left '', 
  who the hell has k/ds like this ? 
  dos is more difficult, 
  mine makes some noise but i literally have to crawl over to it and put my head beside it to hear . 
  it 's quieter than my gaming pc ( which is pretty damn quiet and below volume of my ambient room & ventilation/ac ), 
  this would be great, 
  only thing i have left is level 4 with eris , then my life will lose meaning, 
  i mean i guess hard mode ... but the rewards for hard mode kinda suck , they should have had more . 
  yeah , it 's the chris osgood special, 
  people love dust palace, 
  better to farm public events for the 4 marks , can easily get a bunch of 10s together to buy those 20 mats, 
  much less time than farming materials imo,
