  actual build cost to me was closer to $ 1000 + the ssd ( pulled from last work laptop ) and peripherals ( all old ) . 
  some people have told me that it 's probably a heatbox , but [ temps during bf4 on ultra ] ( http://i.imgur.com/khuiuzz.png ) are decent and it runs very quiet , especially thanks to the antec fans ( which are inaudible ) . 
  the seagate barracuda drive is the loudest part of the build and the only thing that 's noticeable from the couch . 
  with volume on you 'd have be within a foot of the case to notice any fans . 
  the antec fans are bloody amazing . 
  trying to get a straight answer on what gets balanced, 
  anyone else have friends on both sides of the console war , and being multiconsolal have both and would buy both games , if you could log into your profile from anywhere ? 
  technically your profile , stats , and gear is all stored with bungie , so it 's possible , but would anyone else here buy two copies ? 
  the avatar has green eyes . 
  i 've seen a guy in pve who had green eyes ... but mine are blue . 
  i 've seen both variations online when i googled prior to this post . 
  [ green ] ( http://destiny.wiki.fextralife.com/file/view/mask_of_the_third_man.jpg/524032570/mask_of_the_third_man.jpg ), 
  is it just the two ? 
  is one rarer than the other ? 
  who else feels that xur breaks the game with his low low prices on what should be the hardest to attain pieces in the game ? 
  given how easy it is to get coins , doesnt that make it easier to buy an exotic gun from xur than start the process of leveling up a faction to buy a legendary weapon ? 
  thoughts ? 
  looking to do the raid today , have the whole day open . 
  would love to do it on hard at some point , have completed it on normal once . 
  usually online daily . 
  [ bungie profile ] ( http://www.bungie.net/en/legend/1/4611686018433242693/2305843009224049274#gear ), 
  right before the vault and right after the jumping puzzle , if you jump off the side and doube-jump back up , you can get onto a ledge - the ledge brings you to another smaller ledge . 
  this second ledge is perfectly lined up with the isolated , lonely island sitting out in the middle of nowhere . 
  see :, 
  this gives the player just enough room to , if they are a hunter , triple jump and land directly on it . 
  since the distance is perfect and it gives you a ` runway ' to line up with it , it seems bungie wants us to get there . 
  the only thing in reach from the island is the larger island which has a gate on the top of it . 
  i 've managed to get on the lower rung of that island , but not yet find a way to get to the top . 
  has this been explored yet ? 
  am i just late on this / it 's a dead end ? 
  level 30 hunter looking to do the raid either tonight or this weekend in general . 
  normal or hard , does n't matter . 
  gt = [ i am the hague ] ( http://youtu.be/bzbancplvqq?t=28s ), 
  show respect to thy cryptarch , and he will reward his followers for their faith in him . 
  just wondering your perspectives , but is it better to run 3 separate classes so you can experience everything , or say , run two hunters ( and one other ) so you can share your excess armor and have two potential level 30s quicker, 
  thoughts ? 
  with the new patch out and ib today wanting at least 20k from you to buy the armor , what 's the fastest way ( i ca n't believe i 'm asking this ) to farm glimmer to afford all that 's on offer this week ? 
  last night i was playing with a great , we were doing great , practically doing all of the day 's bounties in no time at all ( including the 10 kill streaks each ) . 
  then ... we hit a rough patch . 
  three ... four ... five losses , okay , we ca n't afford to lose another , time to buckle down . 
  the skid extended to like 10 straight losses . 
  each loss the teams we were on were more horrible than the last , often starting off down by 2000pts in no time , and usually being at least 2x points behind . 
  morale slipped and we started doing horrible as well . 
  8,000 pt differentials were not unheard of . 
  we started quitting matches when they got out of hand fast and had no chance for a medallion reward . 
  if the games were close it would at least be fun . 
  i eventually got lucky solo and got in a match where i was able to carry my team and just dominate it so i could go to sleep , but the trauma i experience last night is still haunting me . 
  how is the matchmaking and w/l column looking for everyone else here ? 
  i figured batting .500 would be just rng 's way of making everything even . 
  was this a one-off night ? 
  since i have n't unlocked them yet , and would rather not grind for something unless i know i want it ... are the 2 guns they are offering now worth it ? 
  equivalent to other legendary or exotics ? 
  waste of time ? 
  [ kourov reference ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xedbfn_rambo-vs-russian-soldier-kourov_shortfilms ), 
  what is the design motivation behind this ? 
  i just do n't get it and was looking for some opinion . 
  for new players who did not buy the expansion , out the gate they can get to level 30 , and bypass the normal raid or the vog itself altogether . 
  it seems take away incentive to players to go through the other means of getting to 30 , like the iron banner we just completed . 
  also , for eventual pc players who would presumably get all the expansions in one season pass type game ( or people who just buy this game late in the life cycle ) , would it not basically kill end game content to have level 35 gear ( for example ) be the first and only thing you can buy ? 
  we clearly over thought this one when we tried to retrofit the lore to his story . 
  one day kabr1997 was doing a patrol mission on venus when , trying to finish off his bounties for the night before dlc came out , he stumbled upon a group of guardians attempting to open the great doors of what would end up being the vault of glass . 
  he thought to himself , `` great !, 
  a bunch of randoms to play with ! '', 
  and joined them in opening up the sync plates . 
  it was a real highlight for kabr since most of his friends list was at that point playing assassin 's creed and ditched him . 
  as they opened up the doors kabr got on his sparrow and flew in with the other guardians , ready to take on what was inside . 
  but there was a catch : kabr never actually joined their fireteam . 
  flying along , obliviously into the depths of the cavernous vault , kabr witnessed the new friends he thought had joined him vanish before his eyes . 
  you see , kabr had been ditched yet again . 
  next , he reached a dead end - no chests were to be found and no doors would let him go further . 
  he attempted to go back from where he came , but the vault doors had been closed , and no one could hear his screams . 
  he tried to kill himself , jumping into the depths of the pit , but dinklebot would only respawn him back inside the initial halls of the vault . 
  kabr could not escape , and he could n't rejoin the guardians he entered with since their fireteam was actually full and he was a 7th wheel . 
  and that 's what really happened . 
  i have n't played yet and am checking the tower via bungie.net , but i see the new gear for vanguard and crucible , but the old stuff for dead orbit , fwc , etc, 
  what 's the deal , are the factions stuck at level 27 ? 
  exotics can be upgraded with exotic shards , fair, 
  faction armor can be upgraded with new identical faction armor , fair, 
  original vanguard/crucible armor is gone from the game and is relegated to the vault . 
  vault of glass armor is now relegated to the vault . 
  it seems to me that there needs to be an upgrade path for more armor than faction/exotic . 
  vog armor is obviously the hardest to get in the game , and now ce armor will be just as hard . 
  when the 2nd expansion comes out , ce armor should n't be retired , and the current ( awesome ) vanguard armor should n't be retired either . 
  it is a total waste of gear models to remove it from the game , and honestly , if you pay for the expansion or even the base game , armor should n't be removed . 
  the simplest solution is transmogrification , but the other is an upgrade path to bring it in line with new level caps , for a price . 
  paying 120 marks & a commendation to upgrade the old vanguard helm should be an option parallel to buying the new ones , and same goes for vog equipment we spent an obscene amount of hours and wipes to finally get . 
  what do you guys think is the best solution ? 
  has this been mentioned anywhere ? 
  i 'm talking about acolyte rung , knightbone guard , and thrallskin brace, 
  i 'm fairly new to the titan class , and only have striker maxed out right now so any bubble gear is n't something i 'd want to concentrate on for now, 
  with xur in town , i 'm having some hard choices ... 
  * ruin wings makes you reload specials faster , and feeds you heavy ammo a la carte, 
  * armamen ` aarium of course gives you heavy reserve and a 2nd ` nade, 
  * skullfort frees up the 36 body gear from raids to achieve lvl 32 , looks the coolest , but gives health from stormfist and orbs , more of a pvp helm, 
  what should i go with ? 
  i have n't started the dark below missions yet on any of my characters , but how do i get this bounty and how long does it take to get it so i can start on this xur/gauntlet reward quest ? 
  most if not all guides online start under the premise that you 've already received the quest . 
  level 30 hunter and a warlock if needed , have checkpoints after the bridge on both but have yet to do crota and would love to get ` er done tonight . 
  gt = i am the hague, 
  looking to do the first section , or just crota , before the reset tonight .
