  and `` there 's nothing left , not even the light '' . 
  we are kept alive by the light . 
  guardians are taken by the traveler . 
  i prefer poison, 
  the ` god worms ' also make wishes, 
  well , the entire wish it grants to the 3 oryx kin in exchange for immortality . 
   we ask one thing in exchange , oh princes . 
   you must obey your nature forever . 
  in your immortality , aurash ,   you may never cease to explore and inquire , for the sake of your children . 
  in your immortality , xi ro , you may never cease to test your strength . 
  in your immortality , sathona , you may never abandon cunning . 
  lies where is he, 
  of course . 
  for example , the armory has the arachndid chest and lucky raspberry for hunters , but neither have slots in the kiosk, 
  there 's a bunch hidden, 
  i like undying mind ... 
  god forbid you do a heroic strike that has a boss fight that lasts longer than a minute, 
  play on easy if its too hard for you, 
  it was rough when i was underlevelled and the 3rd guy we were matchmade with was like a 235, 
  but now that we 're all 280 + doing it is no problem , and not longer than other bullet sponge bosses, 
  i can sympathize , 3 man fireteams are okay but add a matchmade blueberry into the mix and i can see that being rough, 
  what relic ? 
  my post is low-quality but [ this is n't ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/comments/3lz42u/i_fucking_hate_crucible_and_crucible_is_so_boring/ ) ? 
  you have to apply the same standards to everyone , man . 
  both the ` worm gods ' and the ahakmara grant wishes . 
  both have wings . 
  both are massive . 
   like the ahamkara . 
  do you know the legends ? 
  the dragon that made promises ? 
   knowledge had been gleaned , and the ahamkara knew answers to questions no one had known to ask . 
  but the price was too high . 
  the worm god akka knows secrets ( re : answers to questions no one has know to ask ) . 
  the other worm god grants the wish of immortality to oryx and his siblings for a high price ( their souls , essentially ) . 
  my theory is that the worm gods are the gods of the worms , not actual worms . 
  that , or they are ahamkara that are infected with the worms . 
  this is why oryx curses the rest of the ahamkara for being `` free '' . 
  really helped that he had a raid gun for this , and he could wipe ( i thought we werent allowed to wipe ? ), 
  also found it weird he didnt want to use scorch to get overshields ? 
  even during radiance ? 
  seems like a waste, 
  my only complaint is that i scheduled a raid for yesterday ( my first attempt ! ), 
  and by the time we quit for the night it was like 1am and i didnt have much time to try and get the spindle . 
  and i did n't get it . 
  and that sucked , and so do those fucking adds at the end , fuck . 
   i 'd much rather know all i have to do is defeat diviks for a weapon that having to defeat master rahool . 
  daviks was easy , it was the fucking timer & shielded adds everywhere . 
  yeah it definitely was n't 240 light , a team of 3 of us 290 + s were getting constantly killed at the end there, 
  agreed . 
  240 dailies have been no problem to the point where i use lower-light gear just for shits and giggles . 
  that entire mission was way more than 240 light , shots were tearing through me . 
  pretty sure the entire thing was secretly more than 240 , i tried soloing it for the marks and had way more trouble than usual, 
  3x295s and could n't get it done in time . 
  only had so many attempts before we had to catch some sleep . 
  two of my lower levelled buddies ( who arent that good at all ) somehow got it . 
  i 'm skeptical and driven to madness right now . 
  and canadians are n't flappy headed monsters on the show ? 
  or retarded matt damon on team america ? 
  wrong , it 's common knowledge and in the media , just nobody cares about death , only pc nonsense, 
  then maybe they should be treated for their illness rather than everyone being enablers . 
  but why can not this celebrity be skewered for their excessive plastic surgery but others can ? 
  i do n't follow this jenner stuff and i knew about it . 
  google `` jenner car crash '' and there are daily articles on the case . 
  radically mutilating your body , multiple personality disorder , and being prone to suicide is indicative of mental illness . 
  literal verbal assault . 
  and rape . 
  xbox 360 / ps3 ? 
  are you being sarcastic in implying you never thought cutting off your dick was mutilation ? 
  i chalk a lot of this up to quack science, 
  i just want them to release the lucky raspberry y2 which is clearly in the armory but not the game, 
  titan faster race, 
  anyone find it yet ? 
  these plus the monte carlo and poison bombs are my life . 
  especially in crucible where you can blind toss those stink bombs to get hit markers so when they run out from cover you know where they are , every time . 
  thats one thing i havent tried in crucible yet , will have to, 
  also ... cake ... day ? 
  well , killing 3 fast to open a door was the case for the sword ... seems to be a theme in the game, 
  oooo !, 
  i got at least one fwc arms, 
  definitely since launch , but why less likely ? 
  they never served a purpose before . 
  and that arachnid chest piece ( both in the trailers and armory ), 
  multiple locations where the bridges are , but the other guy here says it only means a relic event is happening . 
  there are small events around there where hive summon taken , and i you kill them you can grab a relic and go to a certain chest . 
  i disagree , oryx was a god and absolutely the supreme hive . 
  he killed one of the worm gods and took the power of the darkness , something only he holds . 
  the entire hive structure of gaining power is through usurping power and killing . 
  oryx 's sisters try to kill him all the time , they always kill eachother . 
  darkblade wanted in on that action but failed . 
  his sisters are probably going to be what the expansions go by , this is like diablo imo and they 'll want to restore oryx i guess . 
  i guess that could be his other son , or his father . 
  toax wasnt his mother , she wasnt fertile . 
  it 's possible . 
  they consumed the light and went their own ways . 
  what put oryx ahead of everyone was killing akka and learning the secrets of the darkness . 
  if the sisters found the secrets of the darkness/deep on their own , they could rival him . 
  regarding other siblings :, 
   when i get home from my wanderings in the deep , and i take back my throne , i 'm going to have children . 
  that 's what i need . 
   sons and daughters to love and kill .
