  ridiculous and disheartening . 
  we did n't want cutscenes , we wanted the ability to skip them !, 
  it has a guaranteed weapon drop ( via weapon core ) or you can defer it to randomness if you want . 
  it really is n't hard , this is just basic ui stuff . 
  that 's not what memory is ... 
  as significant as opening up the vault in the first place , which is , not at all . 
  it takes 15 seconds to open the vault on 360 ? 
  its aim assist is 50/100 , there are many snipers with better aa, 
   people who learn how to box do n't get thrown into the ring with mike tyson in his prime on the second day . 
  okay , but people who do n't face mike tyson do n't get the championship on the line . 
  you ca n't have novice players getting the same rewards that people who are good and have to beat other good people get . 
  that 'd be totally unfair . 
  know what i 'd do to circumvent that ? 
  make a new alt , send my guns and gear over , and pub stomp the lower level players with my newly minted trueskill level 1 . 
  i do it for the fun . 
  so you want a pay to win game ? 
  you have to earn it , you are not entitled prizes for buying the game . 
  disagree , my fireteam has to go through several good teams on our way to the lighthouse . 
  not every match is a stomp , and we 've been cut down on game 9 a couple times . 
  fair enough , but is regular crucible so lopsided at the moment that one ca n't get better ? 
  i thought it magnetizes your reticle to their heads better , but i use an efrideet 's spear and get some silly heatshots all the time ( and it has one of the lowest aas ), 
  it 's not even a good gun , its exotic perk is now just a regular legendary gun perk ( headhunter ), 
  you are not entitled to ` entertainment , ' because your idea of entertainment ( not playing against skilled players in a competitive exclusive mode ) is entirely subjective . 
  lol try again, 
  a , half of my video got corrupted so i had to pad it a bit, 
  b , assists win championships, 
  edit : well some prick is downvotin ', 
  you mad . 
  being a level 30 and getting spammed with requests every time you step into the tower, 
  i can taste the salt . 
  so salty . 
  he didnt earn it, 
  need transmog . 
  those rare ps4 exclusive armor would be great if upgraded to legendary status . 
  also , wearing helmets in the tower let us cover up our faces so nobody cares anymore, 
  i 'm on day 3 now ... 
  only exos not forged in the the traveler 's light do n't need air . 
  so because there may be a faction called the `` eververse trading company '' ( ie , a vendor ) in the game , you speculate that they want to put in a player-to-player item swapping system ? 
  that 's a stretch . 
  agreed , it 's game breaking . 
  the guy does n't get it . 
  his friend did n't have to grind for it or even play , they get a g-horn on day 1 because it was given to them by a friend . 
  the next more game breaking part is that it would add item selling in the game , and chinese farmers would be selling g-horns for $ 75 a pop and spamming everywhere . 
  where are they ? 
  so far i 've only heard it from you, 
  * stranger proceeds to leave you on your own until the end of the game *, 
  ah , so i checked bungie 's site , i have a too grimoire but elimination itself must be one of the `` not unlocked '' ones since it 's not a regular crucible playlist yet ? 
  thanks !, 
  guess that answers my question and then some, 
  when i 'm using my no land beyond , everyone beneath me on the scoreboard really , really sucks . 
  there 's so much about destiny that shows just how damn lazy bungie was in implementing story . 
  once xur collects enough dick coins for his dick ship he 'll be able to return to dick planet, 
  not a reasonable excuse for not having audio dialog in the game or meaningful cutscenes . 
  the game has the latter , the system does n't hold back the engine from doing it , its there , just done half assed . 
  audio goes the same , instead of having competent voice acting they just typed the lines on quest cards . 
  i would have accepted that at launch , but not after how half-assed dark below was slapped together and now even how in regards to storytelling . 
  can we call them lazy if they continue this with the next major expansion ? 
  you can only throw them so many bones . 
  that 's the shrine of oryx mission , it must be destroyed, 
  so clearly he 's around if he 's leaving us voicemail, 
  same thing happened to me last night , heavy lasted the entire poe 32, 
  they get paid to troll in russia , but they do n't have 4chan in russia, 
  it was intentional to stick it to america ( creator said he found the design ` online ' ) and then they came up with some bloviated historical revisionism about how the confederate flag was really some ancient russian battle flag, 
  oh well , just wait for the next expansion, 
  db didnt have enough pvp and 3 man content, 
  but does it have it by date blocks ? 
  `` we are naht racist , it is you who is racist to russians , now go back up your coconut tree with that bastard obama '', 
  yeah but i think op wants to know his k/d over the past month or 90 days or w/e, 
  bungie.net shows you your last weeks, 
  it 's called grandfathering it out, 
  well that is n't very helpful , they buffed the jailbreaker 100 % , tons of things one-shot it now, 
  why would you be using a 331 bh if you 're the jailbreaker ? 
  it holds little ammo and you 'd be wasting shots on breaking shields ? 
  this is bad tactics, 
  if you 're wasting ammo on bubbles , then you 're not hitting crits , and wasting the ammo . 
  its useless for killing adds , handicapping yourself . 
  bad excuse . 
  mass effect had codex , tons of 360 games have text on loading screens . 
  destiny has a fancy 3d ship loading screen , it has the memory for that , but not a screen of text ? 
  did you just advocate for bullet hoses doing dps ? 
  um , the third expansion the taken king is coming out in the fall . 
  `` civilization once stretched from the southern tip of this continent , to the frozen north . '', 
  this . 
  they even had it google mapped and the valley looked right . 
  i went through 50,000 glim glam to get my fix on the perfect jolder 's hammer, 
  agreed , but thorn needs a range nerf and shotguns also need a nerf, 
  i only think the range is too much , it shouldnt be a sniper option , distance should belong to scout and pulse rifles, 
  but no rape happened here , correct ? 
  penetration is 9/10ths of the law, 
  dictionary says its only intercourse / penetration , though . 
  spare change has horrible recoil , cant compare to messenger, 
  i 'd rather have red death , tbh . 
  i hate variks . 
  he 's obviously evil ( playing poe tells us that for sure ) , and he 's got a horrible voice actor that 's very irritating . 
   he should never have tried to be kell of wolves . 
  he should have tried to be kell of everything . 
  everything wants to kill his people , the machines and the militants and the green-eyed hive . 
  the dead soldiers that hoard the great machine and come out crusading to wipe all hope away . 
   `` the ship will be yours , '' the creature says . 
  it hunches over itself as if burdened by its own shape .
