  except i did , and quoted you . 
   you also obviously do n't understand there is a golgoroth and oryx challenge coming up which will most likely drop two different pieces of 320 items just like this one, 
  random drops , just like this week . 
  as you know , oryx does n't just drop helmets , otherwise you 'd have 25 of them . 
  drops suck = thanks obama, 
  drops better = thanks obama, 
  it 's lose/lose, 
  and yet op is bitching about never getting a helmet . 
   so in 3 raids i will hit max from the challenges , which is bungie time gating light levels . 
  most people do n't see that ,, 
  this i agree with , however . 
  but is this a bad thing to delay better rewards and challenge mode ? 
  is this any different than delaying hm ? 
  there was a thread not too long ago on here how it was impossible for anyone to get to 320 light , is it being attainable now a bad thing ? 
  so your problem is with the same raid loot rng that 's been in the game since day 1 . 
  well , we do n't know for sure that 's why they are n't in the loot table . 
  those guns you mentioned were quest exotics , not drops . 
  they 've said they had problems in the past where ib loot `` was n't dropping '' , so this could be a glitch . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , just saying it could be a glitch , it could be from the rahool bounties , it could be a glitch from removing the bounties . 
  it 's something , that 's for sure . 
  the sniper is one of the best in the game . 
  full auto scout is also pretty desireable as a poor mans voc . 
  i do n't think the `` blow cock '' label applies here like poe guns deserved . 
  i can agree with this . 
  i think the challenges need to add new dynamics and mechanics to the fight , not just `` do this in a specific order '' or something superficial . 
  the challenges should make the encounter feel fresh and new . 
  yes . 
  not true , i always start with 1-3 bounties done for no reason . 
  i fired up my warlock which i never use and had 1/5 done before even starting . 
  and this has been the case before ib even came out . 
  yeah , just saying 50 % is an upgrade over 0 % , 
  there 's been macguffins in every raid . 
  of course they can change whatever they want , i never said otherwise . 
  it really is funny how it went from `` white males '' and then once the facts came out , `` female poc religious minority '', 
  their brains exploded, 
  you 're confusing the light level of the drops with the actual drops . 
  i ca n't even tell what you 're complaining about at this point . 
  am i or are you ? 
  you 're the one blowing up because i disagreed with you . 
  i selected a few sentences and commented on them because i disagreed with those statements . 
  i did n't disagree with your * entire * post and am not talking about everything . 
  if we 're only talking about light level , then i do n't think the raid drops are significantly low or limiting . 
  getting to 320 is n't a requirement like getting to 30 was . 
  i do n't think the couple extra guaranteed drops negates prior playtime in a * meaningful * way , 320 is cosmetic more than anything for hardcore players , and it 's the hardcore players who are going to be challenge grinding every week . 
  well i disagree with that !, 
   muslim womyn are all brainwashed by that patriarchal religion, 
  how dare you be racist against islam, 
  goodbye shotgun scrubs, 
  when you say ` rare ' what are you referring to ? 
  specific ( or all , vs moldering shards ) items themselves in the loot table or 320 items in general ? 
  iron banner was the worst :( hardscope camping errywhre, 
  but red death wont be able to now with the damage nerf , correct ? 
  the hc nerf was n't bad . 
  the helmet drops at the same rate as any other gear , in my experience . 
  i got two in the last week , most people i play with have it . 
  getting the odd 320 drop is n't substantially rare , vog had harder items to get , crota had a tougher time getting the crux . 
  i think rng just does n't like you . 
  often , last week was more fluid because of the smaller map and closed quarters, 
  i want a krazy kwanza korner where fwc is, 
  the no-knight strat is so ridiculously easy that i get violently angry on the inside when people say they 'd rather do it another way / it 's too complicated, 
  it 's not even rng , it 's just flat out gambling now . 
  this is getting shady as fuck . 
  it 's not that people were mad , they saw that people were willing to spend $ 35 rolling rng to get the skull mask , so they figured , lets make all purchases the same gambling addiction system . 
  next we 'll have to buy destiny 2 in an rng slot machine . 
  for $ 40 we can get destiny 2 , or if we 're unlucky we 'll get dark below and some glue . 
  edit : thanks / u/chargeo1 !, 
  there is zero rng involved in the no-knight strat that i 'm aware of . 
  knight strat involves much more risk . 
  this is why i always volunteer to be # 1 if i 'm not on titan duty , 
  i see the logic in that , i guess . 
  usually that 's alleviated by calling out that x 's side is far and to delay the jump off a few seconds to give them a head start . 
  at worst a bomb does n't go off , i guess , but communication can lead to other problems in other places as well . 
   oges dead = they wo n't randomly kill spark runner or a noob on plate that somehow draws agro ( probably caused 30 % of my failed attempts using no-knight ), 
  and, 
   noobs do n't accidentally kill ogres early, 
  are contradictory , are n't they ? 
  dead good , dead bad ? 
  i did n't last time and wo n't in the future . 
  i have no problem paying for a product directly , though . 
  the ol' switcharoo, 
   step 3 : fake currency - give the player a small amount of the in game currency , so that they feel the need for more, 
   step 4 : switcharoo - offering the players the option to exchange real money for the in game fake currency , so they forget they spend money in the first place, 
   it 's language . 
  code , signal !, 
  yeah , i got lucky and dropped into a rumble with 4 other imprecation guys , and 1 last word, 
  i got to 8 headshot kills and then switched weapons to close out the game , poor 2nd place guy had 6 headshots [ weept ], 
  yeah , in the round before i got it i had the same experience , clear headshots counted as regular kills , i got totally robbed . 
  glad that quest is over . 
  wouldnt alpha lupi be better in the same situation ? 
  def going to want to twist fate on the skyburners to get full int and combine heavy lifting ( super energy from heavy kills ) ** with ** inverse shadow ( super energy from all pve kills ), 
  i checked his game history the next day , he stopped playing after that round . 
  rage or tears . 
  after the round prior my buddy offered to hop into my fireteam and boost my stats to get me over the hump , i declined . 
  glad i did , much more rewarding to do it legit . 
  though i really got lucky with my opponents and it being an even playing field ; if i was against pulses or anything else in a normal match i 'd never get that damn thing done . 
  it does sound nice and i cant wait to use it . 
  alpha does n't make orbs from heavy kills , but it increases orb generation , so when you kill tethered enemies , you make a sea of orbs . 
  i think 12 on one tether was my record . 
  i 'm `` on this side of gender '' ? 
  what ?
