  well duh, 
  i still have never gotten one . 
  still . 
  i really wonder how they 're going to keep us interested with only 1 raid and 1 strike added to the rotation, 
  crucible events are something , but the rewards are capped, 
  new announced exotics ? 
  i think that would be the easiest way to spice things up . 
  making them is n't hard , many of the models are just lazy reskins now . 
  let the noobs buy level 30 gear then , the min requirement , and let vog armor holders go through a hoop or two to upgrade the stuff they already own to 31, 
  so you should get a compensation pass to 31 because rng gipped you on 30 ? 
  how does that wash ? 
  how do you fake a bungie.net weapons loadout ? 
  i agree with everything here, 
  but one thing stands out to me and it really is my issue with the fight : crota 's braindead ai, 
  he spawns from hell , points at you , and he should be out to kill you but ... he does n't . 
  he just stands there . 
  then he walks right . 
  then he goes back . 
  then left . 
  and so on, 
  he is just a big pylon . 
  he is n't menacing , he is n't a destroyer of worlds , he 's just a big boss that is on the defensive and not the offense . 
  he will fuck you up if you go near him , but he does n't go after you unless the game glitches and he falls off his damn platform . 
  this is similar to aetheon , but at least you were in an arena with aetheon who would shoot you wherever you were , it wasnt based on proximity . 
  crota is just big lump and a boring boss fight . 
  i know that after the reset ill be more interested in doing vog for exotic drops than hm ce, 
  there is no i in wolf . 
  are you for real ? 
  name one other show that used the `` unattractive woman gets asked to model in a photo shoot but pics end up being for a foot fetish website '' plot device, 
  yup , this is one of the tactics we do, 
  other is to use the left stairs like normal , and have 2 defenders pop bubbles in the tower ( looks like boobs , lol ), 
  i think to do it faster they could have gone center after he went left and just done the rest of the platform, 
  i think you can mix and match with this , because now it opens up 3 different attack points , because crota stands in 3 different places, 
  i really wish someone would let me run the sword . 
  i 'm a hunter , i was so excited when bungie said that hunters would be used in this raid . 
  and now ... i sit and dps crota 's shields . 
  ** `` you 're a hunter , you can run sword '' **, 
  ** `` just a disclaimer , i 've only run it on normal * once * '' **, 
  ** `` anyone else want to run sword ? 
  it 's fucking de-motivational . 
  i 'm about to quit destiny altogether until the next raid unless i get to use the damn sword soon . 
  spent way too many hours on hard mode so far and the raid in general with no fun to be had . 
  not a bad idea but you actually found people who were cool with letting you practice ? 
  lucky you ... 
  i was , and did  lol, 
  movement isnt an issue , i know how to use the thing , timing the rest of the team is ( well the first time , i got it down eventually ), 
  then again , most people holding it end up dying like they have no clue so maybe they 're all faking too, 
  for sure , i always get whoever is running sword to call it out , you never know what their timing is or their routine ( if they go invis , pop a bubble , etc ), 
  also then there 's groups who do primary weapons for first knee , and others who insist on rockets only for everything ( and the timing between the two is obviously huge ), 
  we believe the hive may be involved in a ritual . 
  * nothing * is more important now guardian . 
  i agree , going to orbit is freaking stupid . 
  whoever at bungie thought that boring users with long load times ( as a ` punishment ' ) was an adequate game mechanic should be fired . 
  it 's punishment enough to send you back to the start . 
  the game is supposed to be fun : boredom as a game mechanic is retarded . 
   being from the industry i am still awed and impressed not only in the scale and depth of the game but also how relatively bug free bungie has gotten to with this product . 
  op is high as fuck, 
  osiris spotted on mercury, 
  interesting , spontaneous things are not allowed to happen . 
  i like how he doesnt want to give away the important story points about the colony ships, 
  end game has no story points about anything related to what he knew, 
  xbox one is last gen #pcmasterrace, 
  i see it more as a paid beta / early access, 
  my first thought was : `` be 32 , go solo 34 ce , then cheese as much of vog as possible to get 34 gear and leapfrog '', 
  but , the gap between how normal and how hard will be a month or so ... 
  a ) i 'm not going to ignore how normal just to wait for the old raids to re-release, 
  b ) i 'll be spending most of my time on the new raid more likely anyway , and if history repeats , i 'll already be 34 by release, 
  there 's no downside to this really , the benefit being i can now go back and get better versions of the gear i like , if i really want it . 
  just like in crucible , which i prefer, 
  why did you have to, 
  write every line like this ? 
  it 's so hard to read, 
  when you write like, 
  they didnt explain why they couldnt just disable the perk altogether until they fix it . 
  this upsets me . 
  no they didnt, 
  so they make a post saying they will maybe kind sorta get around to fixing the heavy ammo bug by the next of next month , and proceed to not sell heavy ammon synth, 
  fuck you xurdeej !, 
  dont forget radiant dance machines, 
  still way better exotics for pvp for hunters, 
  ive had over 100 for a while, 
  it 's a fucking medic , not the red cross, 
  i cant wait because i got everything i wanted in ce and am bored now . 
  it 's cheating and you 're getting downvoted for saying the truth, 
  i agree , make it a requirement, 
  yes and i got one today, 
  i just got mine finally an hour ago, 
  lose faith in xur , do your nightfalls / 3 ces / 3 vogs and pray to rngesus, 
  upvote , totally agree , get rid of these cheaters, 
  usually the logic is `` i can cheese because ive done it legit so many times '' but to never even bean crota on normal and want a freaking lag switch ? 
  wow , get out of here, 
  what is the yellow box when you double click do ? 
  yeah , chamber of night, 
  like i think someone else said , thats also for raid gear ( which cant be upgraded ) so ... odd, 
  personally i used it so yellow = own , white = used to own but sharded, 
  def would use those , esp if it had a `` reload all weapons faster '' perk too or just `` all primary '' would be cool too, 
  chillin ' out maxin ' relaxin ' all cool, 
  and all shootin some b-ball outside of the school, 
  when a couple of guys who were up to no good, 
  started making trouble in my neighborhood,
