  do you mean 15-25 kills ? 
  not k/d ratio ? 
  maybe he turns into a wizorge ? 
  or a thrallephant ? 
  thanks , answers it pretty easy for me . 
  if it cant match voc or mida , then there 's no point for me . 
  and i never use fusions anyway . 
  has to be fake, 
  ea access has a demo right ? 
  i still havent used up my 6hrs of game time ... which says enough, 
  i wish mine was yours, 
  same thing happened to my friend . 
  then he realized he had $ 35 credit on checkout . 
  [ russian user ] this is a lie , strelkov is agent of ukr-nato propaganda [ / ru ], 
  xur would arrive in a floating black pyramid, 
  platform : xbox one, 
  lvl : hunter 30 , warlock 27, 
  modes : iron banner tonight , then i 'll be doing the nightfall for both chars and would like to do some raiding too ( hard mode for lvl 30 hunter pref . ), 
  gt : i am the hague, 
  theyd rather spend time animating gimmick sparrows, 
  other sga thread told people to save them , glad i ignored that dumb advice, 
  +1 what is this guy talking about ? 
  lol, 
  is the helm that elusive ? 
  havent fixed it , their advice was to just not use party chat or play destiny, 
  the entire tower is just vast unused space, 
  9 = darkness = pyramids = illuminati, 
   color blindness effects between twenty and thirty percent of the population . 
  really ? 
  i figured itd be like 2 % , 1 in 3 people seems excessive, 
  got ta google this ... 
  between 0.5 % ( women ) and 8 % ( men ), 
  [ source : color blind awareness ] ( http://www.colourblindawareness.org/colour-blindness/ ), 
  it 's probably a bungie employee playing on god mode to test mechanics and gear out, 
  id buy a remastered morrowind or oblivion based on the skyrim engine, 
  i have a pc so no need for skyrim again on xbox one, 
  big deal , i went on a huge kill streak with the cm tonight , at least 4 guys at once, 
  this is how you blade dance, 
  nearly 1400pts , dayum, 
  my first thought when i opened op 's pic :, 
  the rank 5 shader is uggggly, 
  rng can be great at times, 
  i can understand the frustration of not getting to level 30 with it , because you pretty much need to be 30 for the hm raid , but its not like rng is holing anyone back from the rest of the game, 
  rng for elusive / rare things is great because the feeling of reward when you stumble into it is terrific . 
  if everyone could just ` earn ' a full raid set by doing the raid once it 'd be lame as hell . 
  oh come on , if you 're a rank away then you can get to level 4 tomorrow easily , like a dozen matches , 2 hours, 
  1.15 should have you in the top 3 , which is above average to say the least, 
  regardless , ib goes by matches , not kills , so as long as your teams arent going on extended losing streaks it all evens out, 
  fusion rifles should just be mid-range shot guns . 
  do you know what ping is ? 
  works for me, 
  maybe not raid gear , but raid equivalent , 30 light stuff, 
  exactly , they said their idea of `` story '' is more exotic bounties . 
  and as we know , there is no story involved in the exotic bounties ( random descriptions notwithstanding ), 
  i fully expect bungie to drop the ball on this again, 
  and considering that each type had an open slot for class in the main game , more proof that the dlc is just stuff that was gutted from the original and re-sold, 
  making the vex mythoclast even more obsolete , * sigh *, 
  honestly , if they added actual npc dialog and not just vague descriptions on the bounty text it would go a long way to turning it into a story . 
  turn it into the elder scrolls format of getting ` quests ' and i think everyone would be happy . 
  do n't need huge cinematic cutscenes to tell a story ... 
  yup ,, 
  `` we wanted to expand on the story and think that 's important , so we 're giving you 3 new missions on planets you 've already been to '', 
  who has time for that ? 
  150 % is too much , the ib loses the point of being a ` contest ' if anyone can get level 30 light gear with only a couple hours of playing . 
  i mean , come on . 
  it makes those of us who grinded for raid gear to finally get it look like chumps . 
  also , those of us who were putting in several hours early last week , if only we 'd known we could have put the entire ib off until saturday/sunday . 
  giving away 30-light gear for only a couple hours of playtime , regardless how you play , is not a good compensation for those who put in time to get raid gear, 
  you dont need to be level 30 to play the expansion , the raid starts at 28 , which you can do with basic legendary gear , 29 with a single exotic, 
  and yes , we all knew the rate would go up , but maybe 10 % a day , not all the way up to 150 %, 
  yeah i understand that , and am utilizing it to get my warlock to 30 as well , it just seems too easy with this current bonus rate . 
  it 's good to give people the opportunity to get gear through other means , just keep it a challenge . 
  the iron banner should be a competition , not a giveaway . 
  i 'll get level 30 gauntlets tonight with maybe less than an hour of work . 
  oh please , you played crucible for a few hours and got some gear for it . 
  cry me a fucking river . 
   it cost me many days of grinding ib to get to the rank, 
  you can be the worst player on your team , get 0 kills a match , and as long as your team wins 1 in every 6 , that 'll net you 756pts per hour , not counting bounties . 
  3 hours of playing horribly without doing any bounties will get you from level 2 to 3 , or 3 to 4 tonight . 
  and yeah , it costs glimmer , but if you want a pat on the back for getting the easiest thing to acquire in the game then congrats , you 're bloody fantastic , pal . 
  you literally earned that gear . 
  too complicated , just shoot them with guns, 
  maybe this is your shader ? 
  or tv ? 
  mine doesnt look like that at all . 
  it 's just ... handwraps, 
  i think its pretty pathetic stock , id love field scout on it, 
  that 's a wig, 
  terrorists is an accurate term, 
  they cant be insurgents if they are from russia , which would make them belligerents, 
  `` humanitarian peacekeepers '', 
  i have everything , i 'm higher than you can even imagine, 
  weekend buff is helpful , absolutely , but 3x the points on monday is overkill . 
  i 'm going to take advantage of it today but i do n't feel like i deserve it . 
  personally , i think 10 % bump daily would have been sufficient to help others out , which is 50 % saturday , 60 % sunday, 
  that or they should have had even more rewards beyond level 5 , reachable only for those who played all week so their tuesday-thursday sessions were n't for nothing, 
  so many communication issues would be resolved if bungie used the loading screens to tell people helpful tips, 
  this is the first time ive ever really used my suros in pvp, 
  just goes to show how little effort bungie puts in overall , and how bare minimum is praised as a sea change, 
  holy shit you 're still bitching about `` earners '' ?
