  can you give an example of one that does this every couple months . 
  you 're likely talking about games that do this when expansions come out every few years , destiny is doing this every dlc ( these are n't actual expansions ) on a basis of every few months . 
   but at the same time if you have progression path that only becomes longer and longer this is not a carrot for new players, 
  it 's not `` longer and longer '' . 
  you can get to level 31 with vendor gear , which lets you do literally every end game activity in vanilla , ce , and how . 
  you keep saying the `` barriers get too large to reach the ` endgame ' '' - why is that a bad game ? 
  why is playing available content bad in your eyes ? 
  as i keep saying , all end game gameplay is available so long as you are level 30 , so what is this barrier you keep talking about ? 
   it 's not longer and longer and the content is available with vendor gear only because they 've increased the light level on vendor gear, 
  no , it 's not . 
  get your shit together . 
   you 've already stated that they should n't have even increased vendor gear to lvl 31 . 
  many people did . 
  bungie admit they fucked up with the vendor gear system last round . 
   to attract new players they need to be able to quickly catch up, 
  nothing , literally nothing , is stopping new players from playing end game content . 
  you 're right , it 's ground hog day here , because you 're repeating your own mistakes . 
  if the issue is having it so everyone can play every mode all the time with no progression , eliminate light levels and heroic modes . 
  problem solved . 
   without new players , they wo n't be able to support the game with new content long term . 
  logical fallacy . 
  just want to point out this line from our friend rahool , he was just muttering it and reminded me of this thread :, 
   oryx-dead-king . 
  oryx dead king , 3 words , 9 word bursts over and over . 
  osiris ? 
  rahool says this line in the game :, 
   oryx-dead-king . 
  oryx dead king , 3 words , 9 word bursts over and over . 
  osiris ? 
  so yeah , maybe he is a ` king ', 
  but its just one mat though , which i guess is like getting the armor piece that doesnt need upgrading , but backwards, 
  imo the game needs stuff thats out of reach . 
  all of my friends and myself have everything , there needs to be some extra big stuffed animals to shoot for so there 's always a carrot, 
  except the music sucks, 
  well , most prisons have * shanks * but this is ridiculous, 
  shanks op on lightswitch, 
  well now we know what the fallen arena is called, 
  no matter how desperate we are that someday a better self will emerge , with each flicker of the candles on the cake , we know it 's not to be ; that for the rest of our sad , wretched pathetic lives , this is who we are to the bitter end . 
  inevitably irrevocably ; happy birthday ? 
  no such thing . 
  is this why it has attunement and illumination listed here ? 
  i dont wan na live in a world where risk does n't have the ukraine, 
  their map doesnt have ukraine on it , i was immediately disappointed, 
  they dont care because they dont know what they 're missing, 
  it absolutely is a region in the board game , sorry, 
  xur should also never sell it . 
  ever . 
  ( again ) . 
  i dont understand why they even added level 34 to the game , it serves no point, 
  what more difficult content ? 
  the level 35 poe arena ? 
  could just as easily be level 33, 
  sure , but it sounds like we 'll be at level 34 in no time - op suggests it can be done on day one lol, 
  with raids i guess it makes sense : new raid is level 32 , hard mode is 34 . 
  you get to 34 by grinding the 32 , and you get to 32 by mastering the previous content . 
  simple enough of a formula . . 
  but here it 's levels 28 , 32 , 34 , and 35 arenas . 
  it could just as easily have been 28 , 32 , 33 and have all the new gear just stay at 32 so we 'd stay one level shy of the ` hard mode ' arena . 
  i miss bastion , it was one of my favorites for sure . 
  id rather have all the maps in a steady rotation than the current situation . 
  im sure they all have problems but like op said , if you dilute it by adding all the maps , it doesnt bother you as much . 
  argus should absolutely be legendary , there 's no reason why they would make an exclusive , awesome set and make it blue, 
  in the fall when they become cross-platform , bungie should put them for sale as legendary armor from a vendor . 
  heck , vanguard armory sounds good enough , right ? 
  what kind of jerk wears a red shader before taking screen shots of dead orbit gear ? 
  i much prefer the scarf over the extravagant cape, 
  he 's sad that the new faction helmets and gear are just the current vanguard gear , re-skinned, 
  also no point doing the ce raid, 
  which is kind of shitty . 
  one guy in our group stopped playing only to recently start again . 
  he was all hyped to do ce now and get some new gear and we had to tell him `` dude , do n't bother , next week the vendor gear will be as good as maxed out raid gear and you dont need to grind for shards '', 
  just gon na have to hope for it to drop in an engram , pray to rahool, 
  you 're right , just a reskin of the current vanguard/crucible cloak, 
  god damn that 's lazy of them , could have at least gotten rid of the tape on the right or something to make them different, 
  they give us 5 difficulty levels of sub-30 options for regular missions , but wont give us very hard mode for vog, 
  makes sense, 
  i started and finished the thorn bounty yesterday . 
  2 weeks ? 
  that 's what i was afraid of so i didnt start it , but i 'm glad it wasnt as bad as everyone made it out to be, 
  i say it should be nerfed and i did the bounty , so there, 
  it 's just not a balanced weapon, 
  i 'll complain about vendor gear being level 32 with no materials required . 
   iron banner 11.0 = iron lord of banner wolves, 
  this, 
  well we do know that the fallen boss is a totally new badass model, 
  because players who didnt grind for ce gear and all the shards ( or earn it in ib and shard it up to 32 ) get 32 directly for marks without needing to put any xp points in either, 
  old, 
   we only had the atheon 's epilogue as a primary to finish the thorn bounty ? 
  um , that 's still the case . 
  remember skipping the nightfall because that shits too hard ? 
  true , that 's what i used , got frustrated with the ae ( and i hate hand cannons ), 
  it should keep going and prestiging after 20 , theres no reason for every one to be at some arbitrary `` level 20 '' lock, 
  its the most prominent number on the user profile and its also the most useless indicator of anything, 
  lobo , lobo , bring back sheriff lobo !, 
  fuck you . 
  what release date ? 
  why do people care about pre-loading a damn patch ? 
  can i set images from one drive as wallpaper ? 
  much easier than using a usb stick or home networking, 
  but why are all the cars from the 80s ?
