  you 'll need some kind of [ laser-7 output ] ( http://www.southparkstudios.com/clips/155405/laser-7-output ) to play in the future, 
  so does he think that the current console generation will last 20 + years , or that his hardware will hold up for that time frame ? 
  reading this made me constipated . 
  to sum it up : [ actual ] gaming pcs are n't used for gaming , because there 's no point . 
  pc gamers use highly modified desktops from the 90 's because they 're too poor to own a console , or a computer . 
  but pc gamers have to upgrade their computers every year !, 
  he 's literally modeling himself after the illustrated page banner up top . 
  moore 's law does n't apply to consoles, 
  as long as it 's the same os install , 
  could you play at 60fps ? 
  i guess one way of looking at is is ... was robocop still alex murphy ? 
  thanks for the tip , that might be better for adding non-steam games ( pinsteam forces you to add the non-steam . exe to steam , and then send shortcut to desktop to get the link to open it rather than just the file path ... pain in the ass ), 
  benchmarks show the [ 660sli edging the 780 ] ( http://static.techspot.com/articles-info/734/bench/ultra_1920.png ), 
  who cares, 
  people acting like they 've never seen steam before . 
  it 's funny how liberal universities are generally considered educationally inferior . 
  it 's for a reason , though . 
  are you in favor of running the country inefficiently ? 
  sudden desire to look up ` packing the monkeys , again ! ', 
  the `` profit motive '' here is providing the best value of service to the citizens who contribute via taxation . 
  a government should not spend recklessly and hold the citizens accountable for their budgetary mistakes . 
  efficiency is the most quantifiable means of gauging whether the government is representing the people properly . 
  efficiency is a matter of value , not net costs, 
  i 'll never understand cpu overkill but i 'm sure it 'll play well regardless ( obvi ) so as long as you 're happy, 
  pretty much all of my thoughts , thanks for typing them for me so i did n't have to lol, 
  on 65 '' displays and larger you absolutely can see a difference, 
  pc already can play the last one on max settings and 1080p + , it got the ` definitive edition ' on the day of its release . 
  even my brother , who only plays sports games , could tell that madden was n't running at 1080p on his 46 '' tv, 
  the first time i heard this argument was on a forum years ago by some 60 year old guy complaining about kids and their new fangled tvs and how his old [ insert pos ] was better, 
  24fps makes sense because of the limitations of film capturing , it acts as a motion blur / smoothing to make things seem more natural, 
  games that are rendering at 30fps have no smoothing , and thus are a noticeable slideshow, 
  if the human eye could n't see above 30fps , then everyone would be saying the hobbit in high frame rate would be `` no different than the original '', 
  but they did n't , they saw the difference and complained that it was too real looking, 
  my actual reaction, 
  like walmart on saturday, 
  as if there have n't already been plenty of dragons, 
  not really . 
  like what , 3 ? 
  1 per season for a second a piece ? 
  much more t & a. 
  if you do n't like google plus you likely do n't +1 things and do n't have a friends list, 
  so you wo n't promote any content for them to display to your nonexistent friends, 
  so most people up in arms over this are opted out by default, 
  asians, 
  do n't stop b ` leeding , hold on to that hicky , ling, 
  it 's not reasonable to pay a premium aaa game price and get cut off after a month . 
  i 'd be playing it all day if it meant not losing all my progress in a few hours ... 
  love the game . 
  bugs will get fixed . 
  it needs some improvements but it 's still good enough to get my money . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i started off on the first island and am now on the second ` area ' ... 
  dude , the graphics are better than stock skyrim ... 
  yep , and then after those quests are done you travel to betnihk, 
  well 60 + free thereafter , or monthly fee with no up-front 60 would be acceptable imo, 
  on yes , but i think it goes to sleep after several hours unless i leave it to download something, 
  i 'm comparing ulta teso to maxed out stock skyrim ( pre-hi res textures pack ), 
  pretty racist of you to assume all blacks and hispanics are poor, 
  the study which specified blacks and hispanics found they spent on frivolities , your conclusion was this habit was due to * them * all being poor . 
  just want to point out with regard to optimization : compare metro 2033 ( resource hog ) vs. metro last light . 
  the latter is significantly better visually , with a higher frame rate with the same resolution . 
  this is a good example of coding a game to optimize it for hardware . 
  obviously , this happens with consoles as well , but there is a wall you eventually hit when you have to start , as you suggested , dialing down other things . 
  gross . 
  this is a good way of doing things and reminds me of morrowind . 
  i did n't know morrowind had a main quest line until a year after i bought it . 
  my reaction :, 
  this is like when superman went around the world so fast he went back in time . 
  ugh , flac * rolls eyes * waste of space with no audible benefit, 
  why not just get wav files and toss your hipster scarf over your other shoulder, 
  wait ... so you download flac files to upload to google music so you can stream them at 320kbps ? 
  and no , there 's no audible difference between mp3 and flac , this is just chasing the hifi dragon - and it 's not ` popular ' , it 's incredibly fringe & hipster chic, 
  see , the human eye ca n't even tell the difference between 720p and upscaled 1080p, 
  ... upscaled peasantry ? 
  i heard angels sing when i clicked that link, 
  i 'd expect a joke like this out of grade schoolers, 
  i wonder what i 'm at . 
  steam says 450hrs but i was skipping the launcher.exe for the longest time and just jumping straight in bypassing steam login , before they patched it . 
  look at his little tufted ears, 
  i still have n't played this game . 
  i started last night but quit after a minute . 
  i tried years ago and got bored within the first hour . 
  i am that type of gamer so i was surprised it did n't grab me the last time around ( years ago ) . 
  firing the game up last night it has a great into and seems so compelling , i hope it sticks this time ... i 'm refusing to start infinite until i beat this . 
  polygon is a joke . 
  they recently took away nba 2k14 's 8/10 and gave it a 5/10 because the raging writer had connection issues, 
  then today they gave that piece of garbage gone home * game of the freakin ' year *, 
  i 'm done with that site . 
  polygon is a joke . 
  this game was awful . 
  even on their own rankings they gave last of us a 7.5 and then ranked it higher than gtaiv ( which they gave a 9.5 ), 
  they have no clue what they 're doing . 
  even if we 're going to get into this ` narrative genre ' , stanley parable was 100x better, 
  polygon are idiots . 
  if you have your ass handed to you on rookie then maybe it 's because you do n't know how to play the damn game, 
  it 's short , and it 's very non linear in a way that can be anticlimactic , but if you can get it cheap on a steam sale ... it 's an interesting game . 
  i just wish it was fleshed out more with a conceivable `` goal '' ( like a portal ? 
  you vs. the narrator ? ), 
  then it would be amazing, 
  potential there , hope the devs keep making games,
