  everyone cant get all the kills , and sometimes its best to have roles . 
  not every one can be the qb . 
  disconnect errors do , so im assuming so, 
  same thing happened to me . 
  my titan still has the 8-1 card sitting in inventory with the mercy boon still active . 
  just left it there . 
  yeah , thats what we did . 
  everyone voc 'd to get his shields down and then we used gallies . 
  took down like 90 % of his health before he 'd pop a new element shield . 
  of course we were level 33 then , 34 would for sure kill him, 
  i got a gold star , it was an exotic emblem, 
  this poll is flawed . 
  people who have gone are more likely to click yes , while people who havent are more likely to ignore this thread altogether . 
  2.5 times, 
  2 times legit , one time i went 9-1 ( disconnect counted as a loss and mercy did n't trigger , so i got boned out of it ), 
  trials is the best thing that ever happened to destiny . 
  it was so fun . 
  ( mostly because my team is a beast ), 
  but still , every round being sudden death potentially stopping you from getting to the light house , the adrenaline , it 's awesome . 
  i love it . 
  i pray my team does n't replace me . 
  yay, 
   shoot crates as well if you spawn outside . 
  using that gun is actually a good idea, 
  i kinda wish all of the too armor was lighthouse only , make it super exclusive, 
  or even just the helmets would be good, 
  because you 're a winner, 
   rolling seven teams substantially worse than yours is n't a competitive accomplishment . 
  if you try long enough , it 's an inevitability . 
  no , it is n't . 
  further , your entire argument is ridiculous given that you face not pvp matchmade casuals , but 3 people who signed up and got together to play too and face you . 
  they were serious about winning when they logged in , and that 's what matters . 
  my friends played too yesterday , and i play iron banner with them , and they are decent , but they got their asses kicked . 
  they are hardcore and getting beaten . 
  statistically , the guys beating the are even better - far better than casual crushers . 
  i still think the helmet would be a good idea , since the others would still be accessible by going 4-4 , and the exotic slot takes helm like the raids would force until you beat hard mode . 
  i like the adept weapons , it 's a start , but i love the idea of having super challenging things nearly out of reach . 
  oh can it . 
  next week it could be void burn and you can fire truth 's at him for bonus damage . 
  maybe solar and you can go for hunger of crota and then switch to ice breaker . 
  this just wasnt your week , it 'll come, 
  didnt someone nearly solo it ? 
  `` yeah but he used a gjallarhorn '', 
  sounds good to me, 
  true , but at the same time , bungie.net has that calendar strip of upcoming events on the home page , and its not there, 
   and if that 's all true , then a strong candidate for what `` liquified '' the vex would be the traveler . 
  to serve him better , the traveler liquified the original vex and trapped them in robot suits . 
  but more likely , the traveler did something that nearly caused their extinction ( like the fallen ) and forced them to adopt the suits , much like the fallen rely on ether , or we rely on light . 
   so , it seems that as time passes , the vex civilization becomes less well maintained , more primitive , and is running out of resources . 
  if we follow that trajectory to its obvious conclusion we can assume that eventually the vex die out and go extinct because their civilization ca n't sustain itself ( hey vex , maybe spend less money on time paradox citadels and more on health care and robot suit maintenance ) . 
  this degradation over time can also be explained if the vex originally served the traveler . 
  they start with exquisite , expensive robot suits because the traveler is investing them with wealth and power . 
  but then the traveler abandons them , and without its power the vex ca n't maintain their technology and start to wear out over time . 
  spot on , this makes sense , thank you , i was hitting my head against the wall about this one . 
  it made no sense to me that they became less advanced over time , the ` future vex ' are from the past and the ` ancient vex ' are from the future . 
  but your idea makes sense , they lose steam . 
  i fully support this post and your run for idea president, 
  hunter . 
  its awesome on hunter . 
  warlock makes everything white . 
  i like strength for warlocks , punch things , get overshield or energy drain, 
  especially in pve then , run claws of ahamkara or the ram specifically for this . 
  if you dont want to be under levelled , just do the 34 and quit bitching about the 35, 
  the game needs better and more interesting mechanics , but complaining about level disparity is stupid - in a few months an expansion will come out and we 'll all be level 36 anyway, 
  i 'm using efrideets and thunderlord, 
  dont see the point in using longbow or patience since they dont hit nearly as hard , go for the heavy if you 've got it, 
  based on just impact , it should do over 20 % more damage, 
   . but range wise ib whoops it ,, 
  it has 100 range , the most in the game . 
  yeah but most of the stuff that was datamined was wrong in the end, 
  the the eye of sol has 100 range , it ca n't be whooped by anything . 
  there is no such thing as `` stealing wins '' from losers, 
  those are black and white , how do they match ? 
  i 'd say queens web or arctic proxy, 
  why would you use the other two useless perks ? 
  fast equip speed or a fraction of a second faster aiming down sights, 
  send-it is the only real option, 
  that 's the way she goes . 
  that 's like getting to skolas and saying `` its not fair , why ca n't the boss just be a shank ? '', 
  its a competitive pvp mode , they can play as much as they want , it 's fun , it 's a game , they 're supposed to play . 
  you wanting a free pass to not encounter any legitimate opponents is no different than those people who want to be carried by them . 
  ( side note : they can charge as much as they want , more power to them , but i down voted because they 're advertising on this sub , which there 's no place for here ), 
  seems you 're upset that this is the only part of the game you ca n't cheese . 
  is it only doing more damage because of the magazine size ? 
  get rid of varik 's stupid tokens , make a single token to buy any of the 3, 
  no , it 's a quest - just delete the quest marker , not the actual thing, 
  i like it , because it gives me incentive to combine those armor + weapon cores hoping for a random drop of armor that has a great roll, 
  see how that happened ? 
  bungie gave us raid gear in a vendor and i 'm still going back to rng . 
  i 'm a slave to the rng beast . 
  i got a key yesterday from a chest . 
  i did n't farm . 
  i agree they are a bit hard to come by though . 
  the story in how sucks , its barely explained who skolas is and its over in an hour, 
  the grimoire has so much stuff about the fallen , their motivations , their victimization narrative , etc, 
  all we get is stupid variks and a voice over telling us to catch him , making him out to be the bad guy for trying to free his people, 
  they take something so deep and great from the backstory and turn it into a generic bounty hunting mission, 
  we do do this - guardians are constantly brought back to life from the past, 
  also , think of the paradox , if those guardians come to the future to fight for us now , there are none in the past , so earth gets destroyed and therefor we never existed, 
  not so , they were enslaved by the queen .
