  then explain all the supers , 75 % of its kills are from golden gun, 
  he 's the man with the golden gun, 
  i had a full titan set a long time ago , eventually sharded it but now i started a titan and wish i had it, 
  but got boots , chest , and arms for the titan is no time while levelling my warlock, 
  there is no spawn advantage , if you 're better you can kill the other team and take those points . 
  i agree , and honestly , the music in destiny sucks . 
  i never understood the good reviews it got , it doesnt even set the momentum or tone most of the time . 
  as a hunter that often carries my team in the kills column , no , we 're totally useless, 
   when we play as a fireteam with decent members . 
  makes a huge difference, 
  people need to stop complaining that the store that gives away exotics for practically free is n't giving them enough undeserved loot, 
  i want stuff that didnt arrive this week too , but im not going to cry about being entitled to it . 
  the point of xur is to give people a chance to get an exotic , not every exotic, 
  does the golden gun do a good job on oracles ? 
  ive never tried, 
  not true , usually russian accents are replaced with british as well . 
  look at k19 or enemy at the gates, 
  you 're right , the cell looks like fallen tech , and they are restoring his soul, 
  he was already broke out of the prison, 
  that video just shows you dying . 
  not the greatest example of it being effective . 
   besides , pretty much the entire point of the vault is to make people plan in advance . 
  it 's annoying , but it 's not a bad idea to keep it as it is . 
  the point of the game is to be annoying ? 
  that 's bad game design, 
  ditto , the social experience has kept me in, 
  but i cant stop thinking every time i play a mission just how bad the level design is . 
  i mean , more than half of them combine content from previous missions / maps , and every one has a boss or end area where you can just leave and snipe whats in the room, 
  telling him to google it ? 
  gtfo, 
  especially since exotics now dont need ascendents at all, 
  and here i am , breaking down vocs because i have too many, 
  ooo this is interesting . 
  ive been trying to level up 2 more so each character has one ( since i love it so much ) but reading all this is making me consider breaking the mida out of the vault, 
  assume we were all really guardians and all really fighting a giant floating space monster, 
  lets be real, 
  we 'd find cover and throw grenades / rockets at it hoping for the best, 
  if i remember correctly , no a materials are needed for exotics at all , just legendaries, 
  are you using the perk that gives it more impact ? 
  ( obvious question , but stock it 's low , but with the adjustment its much more impact than aetheons epilogue , another high rof auto ), 
  because you 're missing your shots, 
  i remember comparing the hl and ae side by side and while ae has max rof it also has min impact , while the hl has a notch less than the highest rof , but an equal notch more in compensation for impact, 
  i maxed out my ae tonight and am working on the hl now , will be fun to test them out . 
  so far , to be honest , i 've hated the ae and found it too unstable . 
  ymmv, 
  i think in your entire video you got 5 green engrams ? 
  400-500 glimmer for 1 green which isnt even a guaranteed material is simply a waste of time, 
  i suggest engram farming . 
  public events are good , especially ones like protect the warsat where they sent waves of enemies at you, 
  vision of confluence + ice breaker = might as well be called cheesing nightfall, 
  photo confirmed fake / photoshopped, 
  greens give 0-2 , blues give 1-2, 
  not everyone has both, 
  are you kidding me !?!? 
  i just spent the last 3 days grinding up exotics and blowing through all my materials because i wanted to use them, 
  then they should make the 32 gear less , not the 30 gear more, 
  the best part about this ? 
  `` oh you 're a level 30 who wants to upgrade their exotic piece of armor ? 
  fuck you , you 're 29 again '', 
  this whole thing would have been solved if they allowed us to buy an ` upgrade node ' that we levelled up instead of setting us back to zero . 
  we should never be sent back , this is punishment . 
  even if the final node or two to get to level 323 damage or w/e took way more xp to unlock than normal , and cost whatever , that 'd be fine , because its an upgrade, 
  instead bungie forces us to downgrade all of our weapons, 
   we 're allowing all players in the world of destiny to level up , and not fall behind . 
  except in order to upgrade the game now forces us to downgrade and undo all of our progress . 
  sorry , but that is the definition of falling behind . 
  paying to downgrade your weapon so you can re-grind it is idiotic, 
  so you 're telling me if i upgrade and ` reset ' my ice breaker , it will be 300 damage ? 
  anything less is being sent back . 
  ^ this would have been a perfect solution, 
  umm , lets look at this again for maxed weapons you have ... 
  trade in :, 
  - cost : 7 coins ( for upgrade ) , 7 more to finish upgrading it at new max level, 
  buy new :, 
  - cost : 30 coins ( for base gun plus last upgrade slot ), 
  - or , 23 coins and sharding your original gun for the exotic shard, 
   the best strategy is to wait for the item you want to upgrade to be on sale . 
  dismantle your old item , and buy a new version from xur . 
  this is a valid complaint . 
  for all of the people saying bungie are screwing the hardcore gamers for the casual / newcomers , this move is a big kick in the nuts to any of the latter like yourself . 
  the only way for this to work is if 30 is an optional harder difficulty , like how weekly strikes and missions have 3 difficulty options with different tiers of rewards, 
  why would the new version cost 13 coins ? 
  no , paying to upgrade it would unlock a new tier . 
  this downgrades it , and sets you back , so you can eventually unlock said tier . 
  32 wont even be possible until january when the hard mode is released, 
  thanks, 
  eh , true , i was thinking of the final helmet piece you need , was n't aware the old exotic armor with upgrade increased the light value , so far they only mentioned defense rating, 
  eh , the nightfall is already easy enough if you know the ` tricks ' to get through them and have the right gear . 
  buddy ( 30 ) and a 29 carried my 25 through nexus today . 
  when using my 30s with 2 other guys , we tore through it in record time . 
  maybe the solution would be , if you 're 30 or less , you get the current one , but if you 've equipped any dark below gear ( so 31-32 ) you are forced to the new one . 
  i dont see why people who didnt get the expansion should get punished . 
  good eye , did n't realize that . 
  it 's been replaced by the exotic shard . 
  i dont like this , i liked my weekly gamble , what else is there to spend motes on ? 
  ib is over so ca n't re-roll anything ... 
  vog weapons should be between the new exotics / raid stuff , and the store stuff, 
  should be a middle ground, 
  for me its lucky raspberry , ice breaker , and maybe mida and hard light , if i 'm so inclined, 
  `` you can now upgrade your armor to go from 30 back to 29 ! '',
