  the threats of shooting were a 4chan hoax , fyi, 
  the sad thing is these people are literally advocating for segregation . 
  they forgot that its also fetishization !, 
  this is the single most insane thing i 've read on here . 
  biology is a social construct . 
  gender roles are a natural construct, 
  left is right , up is down , day is night , black is white privilege, 
  now that 's impressive, 
  i naturally had to look up the batshit crazy article they posted, 
   sex organs , secondary sex characteristics and hormone levels are n't anywhere close to being universal to all men or women , males or females . 
  she sounds awesome, 
  i remember when a hockey analyst made a comment about the `` pansification of the game '' in regard to the sport getting soft from rule changes , and gay rights groups threw a shit fit, 
  so the lesson ? 
  you saying pussification offends me as a pussy, 
  sounds like a recipe for succes, 
  i 'm more appalled that she invented the word `` motherscholar '' to pat herself on the back , like nobody who has ever worked in higher education has had kids . 
  does she consider jews to be white ? 
  i 'd like to know her answer, 
  she 's never written an essay before . 
  if you are n't my ally , that 's literally abuse, 
  next they 're going to be demanding their own water fountains, 
   prominent black lives matter activist johnetta elzie seemingly confirmed those with caucasian skin were asked to leave the area , tweeting that the group had created a `` black only healing space for the students to share , decompress , be vulnerable & real . '', 
  well at least they 're keeping it real . 
  siamese twins exist, 
  therefore , humans are not universally single-bodied, 
  the human anatomy is a social construct, 
  because communism never resulted in genocide of ethnic minorities and outlawing homosexuality . 
  cue billy madison video, 
  seriously , nothing he said made any remote sense at all . 
  buzzwords strung together with no logic . 
  glad he dropped in ` trope ' for good measure . 
  i 'm socially liberal and cheap , guess i endorse racist systems of authority . 
  or whatever . 
  i 'll take a stab at it, 
  - valid but an outlier and not part of any trend, 
  - stat skewing comparing unarmed criminals in a higher population to murders 90 years ago, 
  - what ? 
  - were n't the threats a hoax ? 
  lol, 
  so being thankful that the people who died on the shores of normandy to save us from the nazis is just a byproduct of patriotic brainwashing . 
  i forgot to buy it the last two times it was posted here :(, 
  clearly killing all the white people will end murder & hate . 
  they 're only like that because the white man is keeping them down, 
   `` your disregard for the public safety and humanity of my black queer body '', 
  still havent done hm oryx and i 'm in the 2000 + hour club , so you 'd think i 'd be doing it weekly , but no, 
  shit 's too hard for my clan and i dont feel like doing lfg because those people are awful . 
  and slowly , my hourly input o destiny every week has dropped since hm came out, 
  most of these just say the same thing , genders that change depending on who you are around , genders that change depending on which friend is closest , genders that change dependent on how many friends you have on facebook , etc, 
  true, 
  my isp were dicks about it, 
  cut off my internet , said if it ever happened again they 'd terminate my service permanently, 
   we ca n't control the media ** perpetuating rape culture by hawking the case 's details ** as excuses for kane 's playing . 
  we ca n't control the police 's relationship with kane . 
  we ca n't make a da file charges . 
  we certainly ca n't pressure victims to act . 
  what, 
   would n't you rather wear the sweater of a player who 's known for being a joker or a baker or , i dunno , just good at hockey ? 
  ** would n't you rather imagine the cup in hands that definitely have n't sexually assaulted someone ? 
  what, 
   c\u2019mon , all sports fans are competitive assholes . 
  when stuff like this happens , stop wearing your no . 
  do n't cheer for kane . 
  skip the games he 's scheduled to play . 
  do n't watch his videos , do n't listen to his interviews . 
  write to the trib and tell them to stuff it . 
  demand an nhl -- demand a team -- that values the experiences of women . 
  ** we do n't need a suspected rapist to play good hockey . 
  what, 
  and there was the whole tampering with evidence fiasco and her lawyer dropping her as a client because he did n't want to get involved her in scam, 
  would n't you rather wear the sweater of a player who 's known for being good at hockey ? 
  we do n't need a suspected rapist to play good hockey . 
  i 'm not asking anyone to stop being a fan . 
  just stop watching all games . 
  cultural appropriation of indigenous peoples of north america , he supports the genocide of christopher columbus and rape of millions of people, 
  til white people are literally rachel dolezal, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i remember going to blockbuster in high school and they would force all students to leave their backpacks at the front of the store . 
  and i 'm european . 
  stores are weary of teens in general . 
  so because they are black they are innocent of wrongdoing ? 
  we do n't know the full story , or what the security guards saw that prompted their reaction . 
  ie , both the da and the accuser dropped the charges, 
  til `` various poc '' is now a religion, 
  atrocities . 
  literally ethnic cleansing . 
  mexico and south america is like 98 % buddhist, 
  huh ? 
  and the transition from `` literally hitler '' to `` literally isis '' is complete . 
  or just say colored people . 
  family guy is great and is n't really in the same class of ` sitcoms ' as the others, 
  my argument has always been that the worm gods are ahamkara infected by worms . 
  and on this day , the terrorists won, 
  when has ` colored people ' ever meant anything else ? 
  but ` dragons ' does appear, 
  i think they just make it up as they go, 
  i find it a bit ironic that they would call an east asian person a `` poc '' even if they are pale . 
  i mean , what `` color '' are they calling them ? 
  yellow ? 
  pretty racist . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they do n't all enjoy being lumped into this collective of non-white races .
