  friend has played half a dozen and has zero marks so far . 
  and some weekly or daily pvp thing ? 
  lame , i play pvp more than anything ... 
  this whole time i was thinking `` oh , no weekly and small wallet , but at least i 'll be getting 6 marks per pvp game and getting plenty from running the strike playlist that i 'll always be at the cap in no time '', 
  ffs, 
  mine :, 
  at level 40 you can get marks from playing pvp again, 
  need to be level 40, 
  because he 's lying to you , you dont get 30 per week, 
  you get 30 per week per character just from the weekly heroic strikes alone, 
  no shit, 
  per lars bakken from bungie :, 
   psa : for players wondering about legendary marks from the daily crucible playlists ; they wo n't start dropping until you are level 40 . 
  you still get marks from strikes and pvp though, 
  and now its combined , before , though it was your main source , was split between cruci marks and vanguard marks that nobody wanted, 
  `` omg the campaign is only 2 hours long '' said the haters, 
  i played 8 hours , got all my guys to 40 , then got my main to 237 . 
  i only got like 20something so far , 15 of which were from the daily pvp, 
   this was n't supposed to be a fucking mmo . 
  says who ? 
  you ? 
  i guess op wants to keep grinding for vanilla gear indefinitely . 
  the thing is , they can continue to play the legacy playlist . 
  they want the nightfall so they can continue to grind for outdated loot , or some contrived bullshit . 
   it 's sickening really . 
  i 've spent at least 1,200 hours on this game and enjoyed the last year that i 've played it . 
   i just ca n't justify having to spend so much to enjoy playing the game . 
  are you for real ? 
  $ 40 for a sequel to a game you really enjoy and sink a lot of time into is unjustifiable ? 
  $ 70 where ? 
  stop with your crappy conversion system, 
  so you 're taking a moral stand over $ 10 . 
  i bet op is upset he ca n't continue to do level 28 nightfalls anymore . 
  they stole his level 28 nightfalls from vanilla !, 
  i tried . 
  switched my warlock to voidwalker so i could novabomb non stop . 
  it worked !, 
  novas everywhere !, 
  but the bounties didnt register . 
  got all three to 40 in no time , played a bit but didnt really do much on the dreadnaught , and was satisfied . 
  this game is going to be a good long run . 
  what do you mean cryptarch emblem ? 
  i really like the fusion , pulse , and scout, 
  not sure if i want to order one of each , or 3 of one type and hope for the best roll, 
  you ca n't . 
  frontier has no items that allow it do infuse , but brave can be infused with higher level blue ghosts . 
  im hoping its an error , no sense in giving it the infuse option an all the other perks if its still `` year 1 '', 
  wow , thanks for the tip !, 
  i got the nowhere , but it was from an old package in my postmaster so i was due regardless, 
  guess now i can retire, 
  when people do the british conversion , they compare the us price with no tax versus their price with all the loaded european taxes included, 
  # 40 included 20 % vat , so it 's really # 33 , which is $ 51, 
  so a $ 11 difference in msrp, 
  did you read it ? 
  they said it was like an mmo , and explained how it 's different from a traditional one . 
  base level was always meaningless, 
  before it was 20 , now it 's 40, 
  before the max light was 30 , now the max is 300, 
  before we were forever 29 , now we 'll be forever 299, 
  i agree . 
  i 'd rather play a lot of control on the weekend and get marks , than worry about finishing my shit before the daily reset . 
  i got a legendary hand cannon to drop in my first crucible match , 
  sharded it for marks, 
  i agree but at the same time , it feels like there is less to do . 
  can only do the daily once . 
  if i did it on my hunter , no point for my warlock, 
  can we do the nightfalls 3x still ? 
  give it a week, 
  context, 
  and how many times do you get nightfall level rewards ? 
  labels are usually useless . 
  when people say mmo they could focus on two things : whether its `` massive multiplayer / online '' in an open online world , or whether it follows the atypical mmorpg format . 
  the former is true , but not the latter . 
  it 's a hybrid and evolving in certain directions . 
  it 's not an mmo , it 's an fps-hybrid , but this is like discussing music subgenres here . 
  a ) the emote/shader/other package is a bonus , separate dlc that people demanded in droves that was originally meant for only the collector 's edition . 
  nobody is forcing you to buy it , and many demanded the right to . 
  b ) it 's not on the disc , it 's in the 2.0 patch contents, 
  c ) if it was a separate , smaller download , would that make you happy ? 
  lol, 
  but why are you talking about separate dlc when your argument was that $ 40 is too much for the game ? 
  stay on topic . 
  holy shit , so you saw one emote animation used in a pre-alpha demo in e3 and feel you are entitled to have every asset they ever tooled with ? 
  stfu, 
   i 'm saying $ 40 for a dlc is just way too much considering the complete monstrosities they made us pay for through the year . 
  it should cost $ 60 and be a sequel , but they are giving it to us for $ 40 . 
  it 's a good deal no matter how you want to spin alleged grievances . 
  you paid for a game a year ago and are still here talking about it like they owe you something . 
  clearly you liked the game and got your money 's worth or you would n't be here . 
   but hey , me being naive would have just bought it . 
  there 's just plenty more things i can play that does n't eat my life away so i 'm happy to stay away from the game . 
  then why are you here, 
  okay sure , but they labelled it an online shared world fps and it is an fps by every definition and what they called it . 
  was i duped ? 
  this is n't a bait and switch , it 's not like we were told it would be a mmorpg and we got * this * . 
  what did they mislead people with ? 
  i didnt buy into the hype train for launch and got what i thought would be a more online oriented halo type shooter . 
  i got what i paid for and am still here . 
  why did you expect other stuff ? 
  you have no clue what you 're bitching about at this point .
