  also gives me/us a reason to compete , before i didnt see the point in wasting points that could go to dead orbit going to the banner ( since factions dont go away , while ib did ), 
  so is this your way of saying `` screw r/fireteams , join us '' ? 
  because ... you intrigue me anti-cheeser, 
  i remember elder scrolls online - the entire chat was full of people selling crap in broken engrish, 
  why would they delete it after its 20 ? 
  why not just run 3 nightfall/6 raids a week ? 
  it would be that cheap once the chinese get involved and flood the market, 
  i 'd be okay with that , since it 's a limited window and if you and your friends got doubles on a raid , you could trade them over and help eachother out, 
  i 'm so disappointed ... 
  how does one level up a char to 20 daily ? 
  the time/reward just isnt there , you 'd stop sleeping, 
  i totally get having an alt so you get double daily events/heroics , and weekly/nightfalls , but to keep making alts over and over just to keep doing the weekly every day ? 
  thanks , i 'll try this, 
  this is great material that some manager made the decision to bury , probably ( well , obviously ) for budgetary reasons, 
  `` npcs that can talk ? 
  we dont need that . 
  dialog and storytelling ? 
  let them wiki that shit '', 
  that 's what i read on reddit , but i consider it non-canon since its not in the actual game, 
  not over and over again , just for my new character i started last week in my 3rd slot, 
  im not psychotic, 
  the grimoire does n't exist in my fabric of reality, 
  which is annoying . 
  imagine now getting far in the level and all of a sudden the 3 least experienced guys get teleported, 
  game over, 
  before we had our relic guy who had it down pat , me on point in the portals getting the oracles with my voc , and other guys assigned to specific duties, 
  you kill supplicants as support to clear them so you can hold the portals open so the portal-team can get back, 
  agreed . 
  i dont think knocking him off the map is an `` exploit '' if it takes strong players who know what they are doing to coordinate it . 
  i agree but disagree - voc kills all, 
  i agree . 
  normal should give you a chance to work on your roles , and if hard mode wants to throw variables at you to mix it up beyond making the adds stronger , then so be it, 
  `` comments have been closed . '', 
  says enough about how bungie wanted to handle this . 
  did they consider it part of russia ? 
  if they did , they 're a fringe minority of russophiles . 
  even if you dont deserve it , it should have been how it was released . 
  now people who never did it yet but arent good at everything are being punished , while people who did it the original , right way were rewarded . 
  this is like new coke, 
  the bastards !, 
  it was , partially . 
  i 'm sure you 're aware of the russian empire census, 
  and the regional divions of crimea , split between ukrainian north , tatars , and russian population centers in the cities, 
  `` the 1897 russian empire census for the taurida governorate reported : 196,854 ( 13.06 % ) crimean tatars , 404,463 ( 27.94 % ) russians and 611,121 ( 42.21 % ) ukrainians . '', 
  the wiki link you provided has no source with a breakdown by district like the footnotes indicate , which makes me believe the figures are original research . 
  we have the official census for taurida , but `` crimea '' was the invention of the author and created retroactively . 
  ban this news source, 
  i 've got strange coins coming out my you-know-what, 
  i 'm pretty damn pissed that they didnt say this when they sold the expansion pre-orders and digital bundles . 
  this is pure bait & switch . 
  horrible move by bungie . 
  that was his point, 
  those exclusives were already announced , you cant take peoples money and then say after the fact `` oh , you wont get what you paid for btw lol '', 
  yup , itll be more of the same . 
  maybe the 2nd expansion will take the complaints into account since its such a huge gap in time , but this will be more of the same that was intentionally gutted from the game to make us pay for more, 
  you forgot to say that the new exotic is sony exclusive too, 
  ditto , but value should be based on the content , not replay value . 
  replay is value added . 
  seriously , is bungie playing the same game as us ? 
  what story ? 
  how is that even a quest ? 
  they have a chance with these expansions to make right with the fans and retain the user base . 
  seems they dont give a flying fuck . 
  halo and gta will kill destiny 's user base, 
  iron banner will also give you a chance to get 30light armor , so you can get to 30 two ways now ( plus the single exotic ), 
  im not complaining about the system , but the implementation and lack of content ( and bait and switch , in this case ), 
  til their app is n't on the internet, 
  compare it to skyrim dlc, 
  dont be silly , pve is single player , just because it 's co-op doesnt change level design, 
  throwing random objectives at me isnt a quest . 
  i finish these without even reading what they want , just leave it in my bounty tray until the kills accumulate naturally . 
  so since the `` industry '' ( in fact , just two games you picked ) offer nothing for $ 15 , that makes bungie offering sort-of-nothing for $ 20 a good buy ? 
  the raid which doesnt even release when you buy it and you need a high enough level to even access ? 
  why do people have regional us accents if everyone on earth lives in the same city ? 
  and the vex turn planets into machines , and the traveller is just one large robot planet essentially - its offspring being mini robots like ghosts, 
  neither are vex or mars , both planets were terraformed by the traveller . 
  i think he says that gatelords are to keep others out of time, 
   `` three stories tall , protect the realms the vex keep locked out of time . '', 
  time ? 
  that ca n't be right . 
  the question then is : why was venus set up billions of years ago , if it was only after the traveller came that he terraformed it and made it lush ? 
  then again , vex could have found it , went back in time , and then worked on it then , so then in the time ripple in present day it looks like the vex were always there, 
  i answered my own question, 
  are you referring to this pic ? 
  it 's called an exchange rate . 
  if i go to the uk , why dont you make all your goods affordable to us equivalent dollars ? 
  hundreds of years ago , not yesterday . 
  thats the thing , you want it for the us exchange rate and not at the set uk price, 
  it 's 20 currency units , if your currency unit is worth more than my currency units after foreign exchange , then tough shit, 
  the xbox one retails for # 329.99 or $ 350 , but as you know , # 329 = $ 528, 
  better example : many different uk accents, 
  the thing is , you can tell they are all uk accents . 
  here they should have a `` city accent '' and multiple dialects, 
  but it is , clearly , 20 vs 20 . that 's why the xbox sells for virtually the same ( 330 vs 350 ) as do most products, 
  if a bag of chips in the us costs a dollar , it 's not going to cost .62 in the uk `` because conversion '' , it 's going to be 1 regardless because that 's the price that is set . 
  it 's been how long since the city was made , ` an age ' ? 
  sorry but melting pot applies here , accents only apply to first generation immigrants, 
  i cant find it , have it ? 
  which is very much the garden, 
  no , they do n't .
