  this kid looks 11, 
  it 's a widely accepted fact that ukraine needs nuclear weapons to deter or respond to russian aggression . 
  i do n't know where you got `` spread radioactive material in population centers '' from . 
  maybe you 're the insane one . 
  also , you posted it . 
  you . 
  not me , you . 
  please , tell me where i can pick up my western-funded nazi paycheque . 
  everything else you posted was misinformed gibberish . 
  white power people ? 
  you 're psychotic . 
  so do you people get paid like .15 c per post or something ? 
  sitting in some clickfarm ? 
  ditto , hoping to see a price, 
  while there are rumors about halo , i really doubt it 'll go back to pc . 
  they need exclusives to sell consoles and right now they 're not doing well enough to spread the wealth . 
  just like crysis 2 & 3 , they flubbed them and then were perplexed why they didnt blow up, 
  you do n't even know when nhl will come out on ea access , could be next year for all you know , or next off-season at least, 
  this still requires the person to have a good pc to play these games , if its streaming then its not being processed by the xbox, 
  microsoft sells videos but allows netflix . 
  they sell music but allow streaming music . 
  this is just literally streaming video , rendered on your pc , to your console to pass via hdmi to your tv . 
  i have them for pc and oh man ... crysis 1 was one of my favorite fpss of all time , up there with halo . 
  i replayed it so many times ( which is n't often for single player games for me ) . 
  crysis 2 ? 
  maybe twice . 
  never finished it . 
  that makes no sense . 
  he said he doesnt have an hdtv where he moved, 
  honestly , i 'd pay for an elder scrolls offline . 
  it 's not a bad game , but the 50 people running around at any given time and the chat trying to sell me stuff from china ruins the immersion . 
  and the worst part is this damn subscription pegging me each month ( `` i wo n't cancel , i 'll play more this weekend '' and it never comes ), 
  sorry did n't notice the / s, 
  that said , it 's ukrainian league , so it has to be in a ukrainian city ... but yeah , ironic that they are risking it in the land of banderites, 
  i just got pegged yesterday , `` well i 've already paid for it , might as well see if i play rather than cancel now '' - forget 29 days from now, 
  do you people just sit on here all day to downvote news that makes putin look bad or something ? 
  putin makes himself look bad , do n't shoot the messenger . 
  wasted potential . 
  such sad . 
  may have to change those kit colors now , though, 
  sbu said it , journalist interview with that theory indeed happened . 
  the source and phrasing was also from a belarusian news agency, 
  except this was from a belarusian news agency , translated into english, 
  well , thinking a fascist dictator is a `` badass patriot '' is pretty disgusting , which is telling of your perspective . 
   `` would want him to give up ukraine/crimea and not try to fight for the russian speaking population there '', 
  this is also pretty warped . 
  give up ukraine ? 
  it 's not his . 
  fight for the russian speaking population ? 
  again , not his , and this logic of justification is very hitler-esque . 
  what the hell is wrong with you russians ? 
  where do you guys go so wrong ? 
  he did n't rape my mother ? 
  no , but he is murdering people and putting family members and friends at risk , so i 'd say that 's close . 
  to you , it 's a game , it 's about `` haters '' and `` hating on us/him '' as if the two are joined at the hip . 
  russia is a sports team to you , and i just trash talked your star player , which you take as a slight on the entire city . 
  you 're a fanboy . 
  but a fanboy of a `` national leader , '' an el duce , and maybe that 's just the issue - you 're so detached from reality to realize what 's going on . 
  what horrors are being committed by him , what brainwashed nonsense north-korea-north he 's turned russia into ( again ) . 
  you 'll gladly let people die and war kick off because , hey , `` rossiya !, 
  but maybe you 're just the byproduct of all of this ... likely . 
  which leaves us with someone who ca n't discern the difference between `` pride of ones country '' and `` supporting tyranny '' or even using basic thought or individualism . 
  but you do support all these terrible things , apparently , because of some twisted personal nationalism you 've cooked up , and that makes you pretty warped . 
  there is a difference between dying for politicians and fighting for your life , and this is the latter . 
  if your country is invaded , you answer the call to keep your family safe . 
  what is this bs source ? 
  `` daily paul '' ? 
  who found a youtube of a couple of old women complaining ? 
  big deal . 
  tens of thousands enlisted the first day the draft offices opened . 
  more want to go , and their families support them , than there are crotchety people who are against . 
  kill what own countrymen ? 
  the country is being invaded by russia , one province is already fully occupied, 
  the up/downvotes here are indicative of the russian trolling force being out and about on r/worldnews . 
  sad . 
  `` baseless '' in that it came from government intel, 
  are you new to the internet ? 
  as someone who is buying a $ 399 xbox , i guess i 'll never know what the fuss was about, 
  what do you mean by, 
   if you have a disc based version of a game that 's in the vault , it automatically goes digital . 
  everything in the vault is digital , how can it become more digital ? 
  even if you do n't have it on disc , if you have ea access you have it digitally . 
  but if you cancel eaa does the flag get put back on ? 
  or is this just a `` i saved time downloading '' perk ? 
  well , they had a huge performance where everyone sang the soviet anthem today so surprised they werent all soviet flags at this point, 
  this is old news, 
  that 's a ridiculous statement . 
  no interest in honesty ? 
  the article was translated in full from the slon.ru source - how was that dishonest ? 
  author is yaroslav dashkevych , phd . 
  history, 
  yaroslav dashkevych was a prominent ukrainian historian , and one of the founding members of the scientific center of judaic and jewish art . 
  during his long academic career , he wrote than 900 works on ukrainian historiography , source studies and special historical disciplines , eastern studies , ukrainian-armenian , ukrainian-turkish , ukrainian-jewish relations , etc. 
  i dont think he implied they were shit, 
  hope it 's a price drop, 
  well , if that 's all it takes then the chance may not be so slim , 
  there was the rumor since the eu price went to 350 accidentally last week on the official spanish site . 
  now they 're doing some promos like 399 with free game , or 399 with $ 25 live gift card , so a 350 base price may be on the horizon eventually . 
  yeah well i have a binder full of the first series of pogs and they 're all worth jack shit, 
  sony came out with a new silent hill and a bunch of other games today , what did xbox do to win anyone over ?
