  what is the connection between the cryptarch , [ engrams , and scientology ] ( http://www.scientology.ca/what-is-dianetics/basic-principles-of-scientology/engrams.html ) ? 
  oh my god , johnny cabs !, 
   there 's no connection, 
  that 's just what rahool wants you to think . 
  ah , these were the good years, 
  just admit it : they suck, 
  nonetheless , they approved it knowing the current situation, 
  look like crappy mitsubishi 's, 
  i never said that , i 'm saying if they were seriously worried about release date issues they would take those scheduled tweets off the queue . 
  just because it 's pre-approved does n't mean its out of their control . 
  ... because the same people debugging the game are the ones doing social media & marketing . 
  right . 
  the / s means sarcasm . 
  my theory is she 's an illusion and the game is just a dream, 
  this guy just made a post theorizing its the traveller 's dream ( lol , i was just joking when i made my post ), 
   wearing the dismembered body parts of your enemies is something villains and lunatics do . 
  dude , unless you 're some anti-fur or vegan person , everything is crafted from something . 
  dragonbone armor in skyrim ? 
  villainous . 
  so i read more into the w'rkncacnter, 
   in primordial space , timeless creatures made waves . 
  these waves created us and the others . 
  waves were the battles , and the battles were waves . 
  does this not sound exactly like the traveler ? 
   they brought the s'pht ( cyborgs ) , servants who began to shape the deserts of lh ` owon into marsh and sea , rivers and forests . 
  exos ? 
  ghosts ? 
   over time , they have become imprisoned in the more `` chaotic '' aspects of the universe : stars , storms and black holes are all named as prisons . 
  freeing a w'rkncacnter is possible , but very difficult ( given the nature of their prisons ) . 
  one would have to be insane to even try : their ability to generate chaos enables them to destroy on a cosmic scale . 
  maybe this is why the other races are trying to stop us ? 
  the traveler is imprisoned in the sphere above earth , and if we 're trying to unleash him , then that 's bad news . 
  humans need to be stopped from this suicide pact . 
   it is entirely plausible that the w'rkncacnter is a hive mind or functions in a fractal way , possessing multiple bodies/incarnations that can either act separately or as a single entity, 
  so this really sounds like us . 
  and here is a quote from an enemy of this traveller like race :, 
   but in their final gasp they used a weapon that i thought they had retired , even tycho tried to keep them from using it . 
  now i fear what that weapon has unleashed will destroy us . 
  i once boasted to be able to count the atoms in a cloud , to understand them all , predict them , and so did i predict you , but this new chaos is entirely terrible , mindless , obeying rules that i do n't comprehend . 
  and it is hungry . 
  sounds like what the fallen would write about us . 
  one thing that 's standing out to me, 
   i once boasted to be able to count the atoms in a cloud , to understand them all , predict them , and so did i predict you , but this new chaos is entirely terrible , mindless , obeying rules that i do n't comprehend . 
  now , i know this is n't related , but this sounds like the vex . 
  they run simulations , they predict , they are machines . 
  we are chaos , the traveler is chaos , and it destroys . 
  this is the best thing that ever happened . 
  dont legendaries go to postmaster ? 
  friend told me new engrams go to post , oldest get deleted - wrong ? 
  i need blue armor engrams for class mats right now , ive started deleting weapon engrams, 
  so my question is : does it matter if its the level 32 or 34 or what level run ? 
  is it the same reward pool as long as i have a key ? 
  how do you figure 3 on each character ? 
  doesnt doing the higher level one neg the lower like the current difficulty system ? 
  then tough shit , you cant earn it , move on to something else, 
  i did it in one day ... 
  not for me, 
  so can i use all or multiple keys in one treasure room instance , or does having multiple keys just mean i can run it more than once a week before the reset ? 
  as if loading to orbit wasnt bad enough , having to go to the fucking tower to buy a debuff for a mote ? 
  hope this is a joke, 
  so whats up with that room ? 
   who do we know wears a hood ? 
  rahool . 
  it was master rahool . 
  thats too simple . 
  the nine give us weapons because they want us to destroy our mutual enemies . 
  the nine free skolas because they want the reef wiped out . 
  they have their own geopolitical ambitions , there are no sides , just opponents . 
  yeah , they 're the fifth race shown in the pre-release material . 
  op , your post is great and i 'm going to keep following on this theory . 
  check out this new grimoire card :, 
   maybe that 's how you survive this alien star where dead gods slumber and dead heroes walk, 
  alien star = the sun, 
  dead god = traveller / `` the great machine '' in fallen lingo normally, 
  dead heroes = guardians ( they also call guardians ` ghouls ' in another card ), 
  this was the standout part of the g-cards for me , read it :, 
   '' why do the guardians get the great machine 's blessing , was it like that before the whirlwind , were there fallen heroes crowned in ghosts who strode the battlefield fearless and full of light ? 
  why do they tell stories about reclaiming the lost glory of humanity , and no stories about the lost glory of variks ' people '', 
   look at the damage to the traveler - it 's on it 's underside . 
  my personal theory is that the traveler is like a halo ring , it has a mechanism to destroy . 
  and it did . 
  it ended our golden age . 
  everything was destroyed as a last ditch self defense against something - and the only thing left was the city directly beneath it ( and not in the blast radius ) . 
  or maybe - that the bottom was damaged , that patch was the only part of the sphere that couldnt fire out, 
  found verdict  this gun or fl, 
  that you 're complaining about the game taking a pvp direction ( which is wrong ) while admitting you never even played the last raid ... lol jesus christ, 
  seems so . 
   remember the age before the whirlwind , when ether ran free , when we ruled ourselves and our futures as kings . 
  and, 
   we were fools , o children of the whirlwind . 
  we fought each other when we most needed unity . 
  my question now is : is ether just their name for light ? 
  servitors make ` ether ' , traveller ( ` the great machine ' ) makes ` light ', 
  what are both composed of ? 
  what we do know is that fallen are powered by ether , they need it to live . 
  we are powered by light , and equally need it . 
  more ether makes fallen grow in size and power , more light makes us more powerful as well . 
  ( though we dont ingest light , we wear it ... ), 
  `` there 's nothing left , not even the light . . '', 
  interesting,
