  as opposed to where , the moon ? 
  didnt know this , good feature , thanks, 
  the asteroid belt is a great band of nothingness , speckled with unimaginable wealth . 
  once a treasure trove for golden age industry , the belt is now a haunted place where fallen pirates and awoken patrols skirmish among the whispering carcasses of ancient machines . 
  among the asteroids drifts the reef , lashed together from the ruined ships of an ancient exodus . 
  here the queen rules over the awoken - the farthest known light of civilization . 
  this isnt exactly some minor bureaucratic vote, 
  also , crimean mps no longer exist but their seats do, 
  he 's a russian troll , so he does n't understand how politics works or what words mean, 
  in their world, 
  - ukraine banned the russian language, 
  - ukraine banned communists from being mps altogether, 
  they all rolled around in grease before the game, 
  ps5 will be able to handle nhl 15 's extensive menus, 
  or just plug your current one into a micro usb cable ... 
  this wasnt very clever . 
  yes but this also pushes other games down further in the list , and those publishers are getting boned because 5 editions of forza came out, 
  so they 'll complain and we 'll eventually end up with the logical solution, 
  game looks awful . 
  what do you mean by `` is not yours '' - if you receive it in the mail , its now your property . 
  it is yours . 
  maybe they were high , who knows . 
  that you 're arguing whether they were drunk or on something else is just a tad silly . 
  stop splitting hairs . 
  i 'd keep it and 90 % of the people saying `` do the right thing '' would keep it too . 
  actually , i 'd sell it on ebay , i do n't need two xboxes . 
  or incite it, 
  we are the 30 % . 
  we are legion . 
  you dont need several months to print a flyer , pal, 
  the accent, 
  not all , just many/most, 
  where does it say this took place in the city ? 
  the modus operandi of terrorists is to drive around in civilian vehicles and you know , do terrorist things, 
  pics or it didnt happen, 
  if it doesnt have the start screen then i 'm not upgrading, 
  best theme song / intro music ever, 
  it already has a start button, 
  can i disable it ? 
  i want the current start screen , not some menu system, 
  this idea works if the main game was huge and bloated , but its not , its bare bones, 
  i have an htpc so i like having the start screen as a pinned collection of my games with their artwork . 
  if i need a separate program , using search is fine ; never used the windows 7 menu much at all and on osx i 'm used to using spotlight to open programs without any menus . 
  id rather have one big monitor than 2 split ones, 
  how about increased melee attack speed , does that count ? 
  doesnt stack !? 
  what have i been doing with my life, 
  taking a page out of blackberry is n't a good sign, 
  how did their marketing dept not use that ? 
  which goes full circle * no pun * into questioning how they arrived at such a bland name, 
  yeah i remember , the message maybe wasnt delivered right but part of it was indignation over nothing, 
  always online isnt an issue for many if not most , but kinect did raise privacy issues ( esp . 
  given that its not even mandatory anymore , they were just bsing about it needing to be on 24/7 ), 
  of course , totally agree, 
  ditto , heelys did it for me, 
  everyone says assassin 's creed , but when i see videos i see batman arkham, 
  ah , whereas batman uses the grappling hook, 
   `` it 's like saying , ` oh , you shifty jew ! ''' . 
  he does n't even listen to a word harris or maher says . 
  the best is ben saying this to a jew , who clearly is saying it 's not . 
  at all . 
  it 's like if ben tried schooling a black guy on racism ( then again , he did bring up blacks ), 
  i 'm a pc gamer as well . 
  use the xbox for diablo and destiny , have had a lot of fun with both , and both look amazing . 
  you know you can play pc games on a tv from your couch , right ? 
  oh please . 
  this is tacky ?? 
  steam os ? 
  windows 8 , son . 
  sucks how ? 
  i think it 's the best and the start screen is especially applicable for gaming ( heck , xbox one does tiles too ), 
  ever hear of a wireless keyboard ? 
  also , you can navigate steam big picture with a controller . 
  that 's the worst idea i 've ever heard . 
  dual booting so you can go into windows to use a browser and steam os to lose 99 % of your gaming library just so you can ... play games ? 
  true , steam streaming is probably the best option for most . 
  i dont have a ` desktop ' so id prefer keeping it all on one . 
  there 's nothing to play on linux , duh, 
  yeah , i 'm buying a gaming pc to play mount n ' blade & counterstrike . 
  sure . 
  ... is n't motorola the commander of motorola ? 
  does he look white to you ? 
  restoration of the soviet union or some garbage, 
  here 's a response from an armenian fighter :, 
   '' i do n't consider russia a foreign country . 
  i have the mentality of a soviet person . 
  my grandfathers fought for the soviet union and i am fighting for it . '', 
  right on . 
  are you really so thick ? 
  `` save donbass people from donbass battalion ! '', 
  what ? 
  they were doing it to criminal officials, 
  that 's the thing , laws are n't prosecuting who they should , so that leads to alternative justice . 
  these guys should all be locked up , you know that . 
  because he believes the internet is a cia conspiracy, 
  for one , the opposition . 
  real opposition is n't allowed , only crazy far-right and far-left parties , so putin 's united russia looks the sanest option . 
  in the general opposition you have guys like zhirinovsky and the kooky communists , for example . 
  op is michael cera, 
  - a just russia is far-right with leftist economics ( remember , it was formed out of rodina , a far-right nationalist party ),
