  those ones do n't unlock until you beat the game , i 'm on expert since it 's my first playthrough, 
  i wanted more of a challenge , i probably wont play the game several times over like the hardcore folks . 
  its silly when you go into a boss fight and just stand there clicking a and feel like you 're on godmode . 
  it 's a game . 
  you play it through and then turn it off . 
  just because there 's a community of addicts does n't mean that 's how it 's meant to be played or how normal people should behave . 
  i understand that those options are there , just that the game is nerfed out the box for those wanting a decent first-playthrough experience . 
  lots of games entice multiple playthroughs , be it with achievements or in this case loot drops . 
  if a game is easier than fable with no penalty for dying , and you 're essentially on god mode / keanu reeves , there is an issue . 
  that 's like saying `` you do n't just beat halo , you play multiplayer and grind for achievement points '', 
  everyone plays their own way , not everyone has ocd and needs to keep playing endlessly, 
  it 's a great system to entice replay , i 'll give it that, 
  i was level 40 in act 2 ... 
  the game is over at that point , anyone can play a game over on a harder unlocked setting . 
  tons of games do that , even gears of war has that feature . 
  no , because consoles have exclusives and i bought both just for exclusives ( though the ps4 is collecting dust ... ), 
  people buy consoles for shadows of the colossus ? 
  what ? 
  nobody knows what the hell ` shadow of the colossus ' is . 
  if russia full-on invades , the west no longer has the issue of `` if we give arms , russia will escalate '' upon them, 
  fully arm ukraine , let ukraine use the big guns against the russians and provide them with all the intel in the world to get the job done, 
  this is true , they ( not sure which politician at the moment , or if it was the pres ) was calling for hungarian autonomy in ukraine , which is insane and inflammatory and clearly something russia told them to say . 
  i youtubed it a while back and it looked dreadful, 
  i 'll wait until it 's $ 40 , because it 's not even worth that, 
  lol this was written by some lunatic, 
  def doesnt look hd , noticed it too . 
  the menus are also very laggy as well as the cutscenes, 
  the graphics arent very good so im amazed they couldnt get this running at 1080p , or even smoothly at 900p . 
  jesus christ , what a mess . 
  good comments minus the nbc stuff , i 'm canadian and my brother and i love the nbc crew . 
  we always watch games on nbc whenever we can , cbc is weak and sportsnet is horrendous . 
  nothing tops nbc in hockey imo . 
  also : you take back what you said about ray ferraro !, 
  maybe they 're just jerks, 
  i found it played no better or worse than nhl 11 , which is the last one i bought . 
  the graphics are marginally better - textures are hd but that 's about the only actual improvement . 
  models are n't better at all and everything still looks like a cartoon ; this does n't come close to the realism seen in the nba 2k series of games . 
  the jerseys were promoted by ea as some sort of innovation , like nobody had ever had moving jerseys before , but as we 've all seen now they look and move nothing like real jerseys and the physics of them is just stupid ; they also stretch weirdly and have a weird shiny grease coated on them all - it 's like the ea devs have never seen a jersey . 
  the crowd is overhyped and nothing to really applaud , they use like 3 faces so while it 's allegedly 9,000 models , it 's the same people everywhere and breaks the realism to see the clone army . 
  the menus are laggy as are cutscenes , i 'm unsure if the game runs at 60fps but given how laggy things are i really doubt it . 
  this is amazing since the game is n't even 1080p, 
  honestly , ea dropped the ball here . 
  it 's fun , it 's hockey , and it 's an easy paycheck for ea to cash in on a yearly basis . 
  i 'm inclined to continue to vote with my wallet and hold out . 
  it 'll be free on ea access eventually , and with destiny coming out the same day i may just wait this out a bit until the hockey bug bites me or it is free in the vault . 
  not interested in confrontation but very interested in war , apparently, 
  lavrov is a moron, 
  skyrim looks like ass on consoles . 
  heck , even on pc stock it looks pretty weak as it launched with standard-def textures, 
  this game was meant for consoles . 
  i have it on pc but played maybe a week before i got bored with it . 
  i realize patches have made it better but i just found clicking all day wore me down . 
  hack & slash games like this are just so much better with a joystick and buttons . 
  now i ca n't put it down . 
  why , do you think the graphics come remotely close to the bar set by nba or even madden ? 
  are n't the graphics the same ? 
  i was already on a couch , but even then using the mouse on my end table was just tiring after a while . 
  fine for fpss but wearing for something with so much clicking . 
  i see no noticeable difference , though i guess i can a/b test tonight, 
  hoax site , not reliable, 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  of course you 're limited by your monitor/tv 's native resolution and refresh rate . 
  it 's the same as on console or pc . 
  on neither do you choose the resolution . 
  it 's a tv , not a genie . 
  i 've done an a/b test and xbox one as good as pc . 
  there you have it . 
  how does this logic even logic ? 
  low standards ? 
  it looks awful, 
  oblivion on the left , skyrim on the right . 
  the game was a downgrade for many things . 
  too much graphics, 
  you caught him !, 
  so my eyes will only bleed if i play 60fps video in reverse ? 
  this sounds like summoning satan, 
  russia come to you, 
  `` show me the evidence , there is no evidence , that evidence does n't count '' junta junta, 
  both are in there , even the nazi zionists, 
  i 'll take junta nazi fascists for a thousand , alex, 
  junta bandera kiev facist prove nothing , obama cia photoshop everything in secret underwater lair junta bandera rossiya nouveau, 
  worst thing ive seen all day, 
  i ordered and pre-installed mine already, 
  who cares though , it doesnt take 3 days to install the game, 
  they sell xboxes at shoppers drugmart ? 
  ... what 's a disc ? 
  funny to think back to how everyone boycotted xbox when it was announced because they wanted to move away from discs, 
  ms never planned to have optical drives completely out, 
  got ta admit though , now that they let you play the game before it 's even finished downloading . 
  that 25gb chunk cuts down pretty fast . 
  hey , how do i see when i signed up for xbox live ? 
  i was in the beta too ( i think , or at least a day 1 buyer ) and am curious if im on the same account, 
  and that 's not all , this exclusive paintbrush can be yours too for only 3 easy payments of 19.99, 
  its damned if you do damned if you dont, 
  dont do anything , putin invades more ukraine or other countries , because he can - and people will love him for it because he 's el duce, 
  do something and people will love him for sticking up to the west , who is trying to keep the poor russkies down, 
  or you wake up and realize your family is poor because putin drove the country off a cliff, 
  putin sustains power off an oil economy - in practical terms , this allows for low taxes and subsidization at a bare minimum that stops lower classes from revolting . 
  if the lower classes get hit hard economically and he ca n't supplement this offset immediately , it 'll be bad for his grip on power . 
  ideology can only get him so far .
