  i 'm not making the argument , you 're talking to the wrong person . 
  the 3 missions can be done in 30 minutes . 
  the rest of the `` find this stuff on the cosmodrome '' can be done in 15 minutes . 
  the urn bounty is maybe another hour of grinding assuming xur is in the tower . 
  the strike is another 15 minutes . 
  the 3 hours of content argument is n't far off reality . 
   pso2, 
  shit 's wack . 
  i play on like 3/10 , how the fuck do you do it at 10, 
  what guns have explosive rounds stock ? 
  i just bought the saturn raper from the crucible and it has firefly ( explosions on crit ) but explosive rounds on every shot sounds amazing, 
  the bridge is probably the most difficult part of the raid , imo , and cheesing it is a no brainer since it takes literally 1-2 minutes to do that way, 
  sga : the crota emblem is an `` i cheese the raid '' emblem , just avoid it . 
   i agree you can make almost any method essentially work , and maybe there is better strats than top left , but it sure as fuck is n't all bottom middle i can guarantee that . 
  i 've only done it top left but recent groups i 'm in swear by bottom middle . 
  they all laughed at top left . 
  what am i missing here ? 
  based on that strategy you can snipe both knight towers and have good cover , and can quickly get into the atrium . 
  what 's the problem with bottom middle ? 
  the logic and layout is there , but i personally have n't done it yet . 
  bottom mid can easily snipe the boomers , just go onto the elevated rocks in each corner of the court ... 
  i did n't read you correctly saying they wanted ** nobody ** on boomers . 
  that would make no sense . 
  can you accept that ? 
  ok i hear you , i guess having the swordbearer come into the court makes it a further run to get that sword up to crota . 
  when does the sword timer start , on sb drop or on pick up ? 
  i 've yet to complete it normally . 
  got stuck doing it blind when the game came out with our group of 29s and 30s , have done everything else legit though . 
  i guess with 31s and 30s it going to be much easier than the first experience ( where we were having trouble killing those gate keepers ), 
  are you on xbox one of ps4 ? 
  gt = i am the hague, 
  i 'd love to play through this thing legit again , everyone on my existing friends list just wants to ` cheese ' and glitch through it and i assume finding groups online is much the same . 
  i did the ib solely for the bounties so i could get xp for my existing gear, 
  bungie fucked up so bad making it easy to get to 31 and bypassing raiding altogether, 
  takes 2 weeks . 
  to get to 30 people used to have to spend hundreds of hours . 
  now it takes 2 weeks . 
  im not about to make judgements on out of context youtube videos . 
  for what ? 
  then you got to 31 with minimal effort since you could have got the marks to buy the gear while playing rarely every week, 
  downhill from here, 
  make it level 10 and upwards, 
  crucible and vanguard have better weapon drops too , so there really isnt any reason to keep with a faction other than the shader, 
  its just so low on the totem pole with people being murdered by the dnr on a daily basis, 
  over 4000 people have died so far , do the math, 
  1 shotted it the other day , and a group of us doing it fresh nearly got it done once we figured out the technique on our own, 
  bridge ... people failing to kill the gatekeepers is just a bad snowball, 
  russia , the lnr , and other russian groups too , let 's not make the dnr look too bad, 
  no i meant as in without wiping incessantly, 
  doing gate keepers i was doing it as a 30 with mostly 29s and 30s , with 31s i assume its much easier, 
  the first two knights of the level or the 2 that guard each witch ? 
  does the timer not start eventually regardless ? 
  like the nyt/hrw report that was dismissed by the osce . 
  i 'd love to see a un report that criticizes the ua side for anything worthwhile , these comparisons are usually 10:1 and then warped into `` see , both sides are bad '', 
  how about me ? 
  i was able to do the templar without cheesing . 
  a tower gift card ? 
  fitting . 
  no shit, 
  play it today with the 150 % buff, 
  got an arc sniper last night , pretty hyped , though i guess patience and time is better, 
  for void , why not go after the one in the vog ? 
  this, 
  a major expansion in fall 2015 would make the 1 year sony embargo make sense , since it would only incentivize xbox players to stick around in addition to the other new stuff, 
  when you bought the game it said you get tdb and thow . 
  nowhere did it say you get every dlc and expansion for forever and time . 
  it 's not bullshit , they had the fucking artwork on the expansion pass . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  how is it fabled ? 
  it 's there , black and white , clear as crystal, 
  by one of the others i listed . 
  it 's important to cover all your bases to make sure the reports are verified . 
  you know , rather than what your sources are , which i 'm assuming is abkhazian news . 
  why not ? 
  the country is at war, 
  that this was a funeral convoy notwithstanding , can you really not see the utility in having military / police in a capital during a war ? 
  christmas is xurday eve , sorry , but tuesday is not as big for me as the night before xurday when all through the house , not a creature was stirring not even a dreg, 
  it was always 4am ... 
  more like devout grinches, 
  great video, 
  your question makes no sense, 
  ditto , been waiting for it . 
  the perks arent the best but ... i want to touch it ... insurmountably, 
  the game usually connects you with people from the closest area for reasons of latency , so dont expect a virtual un, 
  they wont be rare that weekend but then like with gjallarhorn , everyone who missed it will be kicking themselves for months afterward, 
  that 's just asinine . 
  `` leave the capital exposed , let the people police themselves . 
  what could go wrong ? '', 
  2nd one looked good at first glance but was horrible in terms of function, 
  shiterally, 
  we asked bungie to make the vault of glass more relevant , and they delivered / s, 
  i 'm against redundant or useless information occupying space on the display . 
  also , when you hit start and get the giant level 20 when it 's the most irrelevant number on the screen , that irks me , but thats for another thread . 
   if it does n't matter then it does n't matter . 
  if it does n't matter then why does it appear on the screen . 
  novorossiya does n't even recognize novorussia, 
  dnr , lnr , stakhanov republic , cossack world , etc. 
  they cant make up their mind on whats going on or who is in charge, 
  after level 25 the indication no longer exists though , no ? 
  and yet , bungie said they were listening to us and going to make the dark below story much more engaging , and gave us literally more of the same that we vocally complained about,
