  they havent told us anything about the new raid yet outside of vauge niceties . 
  dont assume anything . 
  q1 : pretty sure it 's not instant without accelerated coils, 
  i 'm hoping xur sells y1 armor because i really do n't want to grind poe if i 'm missing something, 
  even exotic engrams , i hope all future xur exotic engrams arent y2 stuff ... though i can see people pissed if that were the case since it wouldnt be viable gear, 
  find the sauce !, 
  lol wouldve been great, 
  my regards to his order, 
  please , mister rahool is my father . 
  call me frank . 
  good . 
  it 's a tragedy what happened to that kid , just 25 years old and not long ago he was on the same side of the protest lines . 
  joins the national guard to defend his country and get skilled by a local maniac . 
  like the wolves prowling and ether chests before how dropped . 
  that was wild . 
  it was just a ram with a shotgun , what could go wrong ? 
  yup, 
  what prompted me to check was i had just gone on an absolute tear and and blacked out , then noticing that b was completely empty , i just really wanted to know what kind of streak i was on . 
  i think on the next kill i got a relentless . 
  i know the struggle , or did . 
  did 3 oracles on the weekend to finally see it drop . 
  i could have * swore * when i was testing it that it went from instant to ` delayed but still faster than anything else ', 
  i agree , now that i 've gotten used to using fusions , that perfect balance is a much better perk in that slot ... or is the range perk ? 
  yeah , i was panicking and did n't want to keep looking for it and gave up . 
  did a rundown , didnt feel like making a new thread, 
  thank you for taking my `` master rahool is a sex offender '' idea !, 
  this has been a long running joke inside my clan , we crafted an elaborate backstory and everything . 
  seeing it come to life in some form is amazing . 
  i 'm dying here . 
  src : https://www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/comments/3glk9x/destiny_legal_news/ctzad1d, 
  it ironically started with my friend running beside me saying `` dude , follow me i want to show you how to throw the perfect grenade '', 
  titans have a min health of 198 and a max of 203 . 
  that 's little difference . 
  i 'm still going by the planet destiny video/analysis, 
  i 'll check your link out !, 
  im confused by that table , what is the health range for titans ? 
  and 185 the lower bound for a lot of people ? 
  ive bought games during steam sales , but i havent played them, 
  bought hardline but my clan played that for a week before we went back to destiny, 
  i was last 3/4s through witcher 2 . 
  when i get tired of destiny , someday , i have my witcher 2 and 3 copies waiting for me . 
  no rush . 
  i 've come around to your mindset . 
  looked at my control match history recently and realized that 2 + is the norm , 1.5-1 .99 the odd mess up ( bad heavy round , etc. ), 
  and less on the rare end . 
  immediately remembered this convo . 
  i getcha now , i guess i 've had this `` anything over a 1.5 is great '' mentality stuck in my head from vanilla . 
  mrchuckles21 ? 
  knowing sony , it sounds good on paper but it 's going to have a horrible ui and mostly be broken / buggy, 
  i own both consoles and think the ps4 ui is dreadful and a headache to use . 
  xbox one is incredibly simple , the only drawback being its lagginess . 
  well it 's kind of beating a dead horse now since that 's all fixed in the upcoming update, 
  there were parties on 360 ? 
  i dont mind the current ui , the slowness is the worst part . 
  the new stuff teased looks like the right step in every direction though . 
  better or best since . 
  it reminds me of perfect dark with 2-3 friends and the rest are just sims to spice things up . 
  issue with private games is that people would exploit it for stat boosting . 
  it would have to be unranked . 
  when we were playing yesterday our rule was we couldnt use guns on eachother , melee , supers , and nades only . 
  was . 
  dont we unlock that subclass in like the second mission ? 
  have a buddy like that ( # 2800 , 800th overall in kills ) , feels good when i best him, 
  thank you !, 
  who would want to waste an exotic slot on a sword ? 
  lol, 
  swords on atheon, 
  nope https://www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/comments/3fvvpc/spoiler_dinklebot_isnt_the_only_character_being/, 
  tryhards will still use rockets and novabomb you waiting for the pickup, 
  view from the other side :, 
  did someone say osmium throne ? 
  here 's concept art of a techeun, 
  um , grind for the best gear then shard it ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  the only thing vague is that rule , dude, 
  that 's a real stretch . 
  surely you mean people who need a crutch, 
  id like hard to get emblems . 
  like if you get mark of unbroken x number of times , you unlock it . 
  what 's better to have , faction commendations or spending all my marks on materials now ? 
  someone told me we wont be able to buy materials anymore, 
  oh good , so i was n't imagining that !, 
  love the idea, 
  game over man , game over, 
  i hope petra 's shit doesnt go away , i dont feel like blowing 20k glimglam on those 4 ugly shaders right now, 
  by this logic , a gay actor is n't allowed to play a straight role . 
  sjwgregation . 
  btw it 's a gay man trapped in a woman 's body whose idea of transitioning is getting blue hair, 
  no , it makes murder legal , did n't you read the memo on instagram ? 
  pc party are the opposition in ontario , they have no laws . 
  the premier of ontario is am ultra-liberal lesbian woman . 
  what she 's complaining about , i have no clue . 
  the chewbacca defense is a better option . 
  latter , she 's all too real ( ex-frand of a frand irl ), 
    progressive conservatives, 
   whatever the hell that means . 
  either a party that no longer exists since 2003 or the provincial opposition that affects her in no way . 
  this . 
  amazing . 
  this needs to stop .
