  so yeah , if they had * russian * accents , then they ai n't from ` round here . 
  and how many of those russians are ideologically brainwashed into wanting their country invaded ? 
  there were plenty of english who fought against the british , plenty of german-americans who fought against the germans . 
  the ukrainian language was the dominant language not only in all of ukraine , but also southern russia and the sochi area until the 1930s and stalinization, 
  while `` crimea was in russia '' , so was poland , and the baltics , and a number of other polities . 
  this is the point of empires . 
  original pravda , not ukrainska pravda - different news companies ( like how every newspaper has ` times ' or ` tribune ' in the name ), 
  kyivan rus ' can be seen as the core , but that was n't ukrainian culture , it was a predecessor . 
  when the mongols invaded , rus ' was split down the middle with some fleeing up north and the others fleeing to the west . 
  in the west in lviv , ukrainian ( `` ruthenian '' ) culture began to form . 
  in the north , the rus ' mixed with hungarian and finnic tribes , and in the colder , northern terrain and communication with scandinavian peoples , they developed into what would be known as russians . 
  these are n't artificial divisions , what 's artificial is the imperial mythmaking of the 18th century that preached that all slavs were `` one russian people '' so as to give muscovite claim to kiev and eventually all slav lands . 
  it 's imperial fantasy . 
  i think we 're beyond that point , civil war wo n't happen . 
  only hope is for sevastopol separatism or russian `` de facto '' control . 
  poland does n't need to , they are n't imperial maniacs . 
  if ukraine is in the eu in the future , there will be no borders and if a pole wants to move to lviv , they 'll be able to . 
  the idea of `` annexing '' a territory you 're close friends with and integrated with is no longer a thing . 
  just fantasy by ignorant people . 
  the naval base itself hardly justifies the cost , even putin has said it 's not worth what they pay at all, 
  but if they could just annex it and not pay ukraine in the lease , then they 'd love that, 
  unless your name is russia, 
  there was no armed coup ( yanukovych fled in the night ) , no russian language is banned ( you made that one up ) , and 55 % of the population 's native language is not russian . 
  russian in a minority language . 
  after the language law was repealed and all the other yanukovych era laws undone , the next on the list was the kharkiv accords and kicking out the fleet , since its existence violates the constitution, 
  yadda yadda yadda , preemptive strike , have locals say yanukovych is the real president and they 're just `` protecting true ukraine '' and create european taiwan while saving billions of dollars, 
  us is more pragmatic . 
  they 'd rather wield influence and reap economic success . 
  they are n't adding states . 
  russia would rather just own land for the sake of it , and the sake of ` ethnic unity ' ( we all know where this goes ) . 
  i do n't think america hid that fact all too well . 
  russian press is north korean in its propaganda , us has freedom of press , speech , etc. 
  you ca n't even compare the countries in their conduct and ideology . 
  yes , fox news exists , but so do many other platforms . 
  russia does n't care about economic success , if it did it 'd be trying to get itself fixed first before expanding into other poor countries . 
  if they cared about money they would n't have blown 50 billion on sochi . 
  they care more about prestige and the image of `` empire '' more than all . 
  it 's the legacy of potemkin . 
  it in 2008 during the economic crisis the us decided to invade mexico , that 'd describe russian foreign policy lunacy . 
  i know all about georgie , i supported russia at the time of the attack , but it 's not like they did it out of kindness . 
  but no , i was n't referencing that in specific , just that russia is in economic troubles right now struggling to scrape together the budget yet they 're sabre rattling and blowing billions , and now potentially invading ( which costs more ) a region which is a net loss . 
  most russians are bilingual , especially those born 1991 + . 
  just because half the country can `` speak '' a dialect of street russian does n't mean the country is itself russian . 
  there 's a difference between knowing a few russian words and mixing it with ukrainian and being fluent in literary russian, 
  they did n't invade georgia out of kindness to the people there , they used the conflict as a means to exploit the situation . 
  georgia was in the wrong but russia was far from right . 
  not all wars generate money . 
  ww2 brought america much in terms of economic integration , with the plans that brought europe over to capitalism against communism , and creating vibrant economies in south korea and japan ... yeah that 's war economy done right . 
  or going after oil or some other resource . 
  makes sense . 
  there 's nothing in crimea . 
  on its own , it would n't survive . 
  it relies on subsidies from kiev to stay afloat , and that 's being kind seeing as how poor ukraine is . 
  how do you presume russia would make its money back from what it spends on deploying to war ? 
  they did n't have a sewn on flag on their shoulder so it does n't count . 
  russian speaking , armed with military grade weapons ( machine guns , assault rifles , rpgs ) being carried in military trucks , looking to stop ukrainian military troops at airports, 
  it 's almost like ... an army ... of some sort ... from somewhere . . if only there was another country 's military base nearby and we could ask them, 
  american ngos ? 
  the `` mess '' was started by russian economic extortion and pressure combined with an authoritarian regime that started beating , then killing people . 
   ukrainian interior minister arsen avakov confirmed the following : last night sevastopol airport is surrounded by military units of the russian federation 's navy - they are armed and unmarked but do n't hide their affiliation . 
  the airport is currently not operating . 
  inside the airport are ukrainian military . 
  simferopol airport was itself surrounded by a militia group , and at 1:30 am 119 russian federation soldiers arrived in military transport trucks , and continue to patrol the area . 
  the airport is still operational and clashes between soldiers and police have not occurred . 
  avakov considers this an armed invasion and occupation of ukraine . 
  well , enough with the conspiracies , this is some real shit, 
  potato head, 
  am i going to hell now ? 
  prepare to cringe : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytb50ijxnj8, 
  i agree and know , i dont think russian military would try it there ... you need local support for an operation like this . 
  theres some in crimea ( not a lot ) but none in kharkiv . 
  rada just voted , all por members voted against russia 's action, 
  semi independent ? 
  you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  it 's mostly in title . 
  they 're no more independent from ukraine than ontario is from canada . 
  at least ontario elects its premier , the crimean pm is appointed . 
  why is the title of this article so misleading ? 
  ukrayinska pravda & unian , imo the 2 better free press in kiev, 
  airfield source from unian cites crimean tatar official spokesperson , who spoke on behalf of that city 's organization ( however tatars organize themselves ), 
  ^ pretty much this, 
  if they were , you would n't hear about it, 
  ninja shit, 
  oh quit the conspiracy talk . 
  what you just posted was wildly historically inaccurate . 
  you 're thinking crimea , not the east . 
  the east is historically ukrainian land , they just speak russian in the major cities so they 're labelled `` russian speaking '', 
  ap just finally caught up 2 mins ago if you 'd prefer http://bigstory.ap.org/article/crimean-leader-claims-control-military-police, 
  boils down to who you believe . 
  many news networks carried the story so they either a ) liked the source or b ) liked the story . 
  invading to secure their historical , ethnic lands . 
  or something like that . 
  you realize the referendum will be at gunpoint and false , right ? 
  crimean tatars have already said they wo n't take part in it . 
  it 's completely illegitimate . 
  polls show only 40 % would separate , but only 4 % voted for the russian separatist party, 
  which says a lot - people do n't actively want to separate , it 's a russian invention, 
  bad article , read haaretz, 
   correction ( feb. 22 , 4:20 p.m. ) : an earlier version of this report incorrectly described rabbi azman as the chief rabbi of ukraine . 
  azman is not the country 's chief rabbi , but one of two rabbis challenging the official chief rabbi , yaakov bleich , in kiev .
