  my truth is 317 and i see no reason to go to 320 unless im out of things to infuse, 
  she 's also , as the guy on the train pointed out , retarded, 
  i found sean raping fiona in the intro pretty fucking disturbing, 
  `` do n't talk , shut off your brain , this is going to happen '', 
   or worse triggering . 
  literally the worst thing imaginable . 
  so i decided to open up google maps and see how many other local businesses and locations have ` colonial ' in the name ... in ontario, 
  in the context of the burger in question , the name just means `` old style burger '' . 
  it 's just a spin on calling something ` classic ' . 
  these people are nuts . 
  a very small amount, 
  i mean really , tell me how many man hours it would take to release time-gated exotics they 've already made . 
  or re-purpose old content . 
  yeah , i mostly duck and cover and wait until the timer is at 3 seconds before using my lmg, 
   you are making my point . 
  you do n't understand what 's involved . 
  and you do ? 
   as for y2 exotics , how do you know when they were finished being tested ? 
  holy cow , the devoted apologetics . 
   hell , how do you even know any of those exotics are going to be released at all ? 
  quit b.s.ing , you know these are published exotics and not `` data mined '' code . 
  lucky raspberry does n't need to be play tested , neither do the other y1s primed for y2 . 
  i 'm a fusion player and could never imagine trying it, 
   considering i have a background in project management , coupled with the fact that i apparently read interviews with bungie employees on this exact topic , i 'm going to have to say while i do n't know all there is to know , i seem to understand substantially more than you do . 
  la dee da , so in other words , you have no clue and are taking pr words at their face value . 
  * great job . 
   there is a very high likelihood that they were not finished being balanced and such when they were first entered in the database . 
  not agreeing with your uneducated ignorance does n't make me an apologist . 
  more pulling things out of thin air . 
  there 's literally nothing to back up that theory . 
  these 's nothing to even balance and as we saw with the previously shown exotics between first coming in the b.net database and going live , nothing changed . 
  they 're done and time-gated , accept it , quit trying to make excuses for the obviously shady tactics at work here . 
   and now you are just further highlighting your ignorance and complete lack of understanding of whats involved . 
  and your cop-out replies have reached their peak . 
  i guess they need to balance lucky raspberry some more , huh ? 
  lol, 
  on front page , is now canon, 
  speaker is dead , long live cueball head, 
  i remember alpha reviews being pretty mediocre on it , im not buying the hype train , i think itll suck, 
   `` the heroes of the film are an african american stormtrooper named finn '', 
  john boyega is from england you retard . 
   it reminds one of kunta kinte in roots , who is forced to take the name `` toby '' by his white slaver . 
  lol what i cant, 
  +1 that i 'm not the only one who calls the hive the ` bad guys ', 
   now kings fall lost all my interest after the first few weeks . 
  the armor is either equal to or worse than vendor gear . 
  think of that for a moment , raid armor being worse than vendor gear ? 
  this is just flat out false . 
  vendor gear is 280 light , raid gear is 300 + . 
  raid gear has bonus perks . 
  or are you talking guns ? 
  in that case , okay . 
  no 29s allowed !, 
  dont touch the relic !, 
  protests ? 
  i just found it disturbing , not overboard, 
  uhh what ? 
  funny , titan raid gear is imo the only good looking stuff and only stuff i kept, 
  good point . 
  also heavy boots . 
  you 're a cheap idiot, 
  agreed , and especially for this reason kd is useless for the most part, 
  lol clearly you 've never had rough sex, 
  it 's telling how much you 're stretching to reach conclusions . 
  i disagree , there 's too many variables . 
  like others have pointed out , you have people who pubstomp and pad stats , you have others who challenge themselves and do n't use op/cheat strats , you have people who roll in good fireteams and people who roll solo and are victim to matchmaking . 
  sure , someone having a .4 k/d in all likelihood sucks , but anything in the 1-2 range ( which is where most of us sit ) is pretty vague, 
  so you 're denying it was rape ? 
  lol . 
  jesus christ man , i hope for the sake of humanity you stay away from women if you think gagging them , telling them to shut the fuck up , and then fucking them against their will for a quicky is just standard rough sex . 
  guy i was playing with got a hate message yesterday, 
   another bunch of 1000-yard stare scrubs, 
  me : `` dude , i 'm using a fusion rifle '', 
  okay i think we can agree that it 's a good measure when using the further apart figures . 
  i do think you 're understating how much rolling in coordinated fireteams can elevate stats . 
  this is especially the case with trials , but can really apply anywhere . 
  heck , trials can be a real k/d killer when you 're not playing with guys who are good with it ( or lfging ) - keep getting revive sniped because of dumb teammates , get killed 3-4 times in one round when it 's not your fault . 
  got a ghost shell today as well , really disappointed . 
  takes a lot of work to get those done ... 
  should be 320 gear imo , way harder and time consuming to do than a raid challenge, 
  because that scene is irrelevant to the initial scene i was commenting on . 
  you blowhards are just as bad as the tumblerites , just on the other end of the idiot spectrum . 
   they were two consenting adults . 
  not initially , not when she could n't breath and he told her to stfu . 
  yeah , she got into it , but the first 3/4s of that scene had him looking like an old rapist heroin addict . 
  maybe that 's what the writers were going for , and if so , they nailed it . 
  and now on to cozmo for a collection of videos of you guys being bored, 
  there 's nothing to interpret , the original text is pretty easy to ready, 
  and that op post , the fat chick is promoting eating junk food on the daily . 
  how is promoting utter self destruction a good thing ? 
  and those are n't love handles . 
  i 'm calling a rape scene a rape scene !, 
  it 's like watching csi and saying `` that was a sick murder scene '' and some idiot going `` it 's not murder !, 
  they killed him in the end ! '', 
  and yeah , it 's typical tumblrite mindset to get all outraged over an opinion . 
  i 'm allowed to find a scene disturbing , or think a character is an asshole . 
  this pc outrage culture where you ca n't say something negative is getting ridiculous . 
   but eventually trans girl taylor york gets bored of hearing hayley talk abour vir crush, 
  not true , the hatchet archetype is great . 
  just like all ars , needs stability .
