  i appreciate those who have constructive things to say though !, 
  because you 're dismissing technical issues with the game ( glitches , lag , broken supers , etc. ), 
  with the response of `` i see nothing , get gud '', 
  you ca n't develop new strategies to combat lag . 
  ditto , i 've never really griped over a nerf era , but the issues are technical , not gameplay itself, 
  how many do you find drop ? 
  by all accounts from others who i 've talked to , heroic does n't drop at a higher rate so i 've just avoided it, 
  my bad , you can tell i 'm not a titan, 
  sounds like rng . 
  i got two in a row on the level 16 , i also a few weeks back spent 4 hours to get nothing . 
   i never . 
  see . 
  a. grasp . 
  trials . 
  at all, 
  that 's because it 's rare . 
  we used 2 hunters and 1 titan, 
  i 'd love to see them eat a sandwich without mayo , go ahead , culturally appropriate my sandwich, 
  this does n't sound like my clan, 
  where is `` i 've got the onion '' or `` he just got shreked '' or `` oryx is about to drop his meaty chud '' ? 
  you always wipe after she drops her loot , you never restart the strike, 
  it 's like a 0.8 % drop rate so one in a few hours is pretty realistic if you guys were n't taking her down super efficiently, 
  sorry , the volume 's no higher than the rest of the audio : /, 
  you got ta booooost, 
  lol , father forgive him ... 
  not a fan of pole dancing ? 
  i liked it, 
  mr speed by kiss, 
  it 's just my favorite archetype , ca n't be that sought after though , i r/fireteams is empty for lfgs usually, 
  oh , it absolutely is n't , it 's just a niche archetype, 
  guardians , the time is right to bring these weapons together , your fireteam must act together , as one !, 
  noooooo, 
   it has no gender, 
  except when it does . 
   less easily available exotics - when you got an exotic in year 1 , it was something special . 
  seeing that yellow box appear with a new exotic was a magical feeling , something you would rarely see . 
  now 3oc makes exotics as common as blues of greens - the magic is gone , they 're just another type of weapon . 
  they need to make a new tier of gun that 's literally rare and hard to get . 
  at the moment , there is no gjallarhorn , no mythoclast , no necrochasm that 's rare a.f. 
  right now every exotic is easily obtainable , short of the spindle . 
  it was still relevant during tdb , groups still ran it all the time . 
  i remember finally getting the foil , took me nearly all year . 
  during hm oryx , the vessel kept regening his health , literally wouldnt die, 
  reminded me of the praetorian on ` venus ' during vog, 
  +1 for correct use of the word meta , first time in dtg history, 
  but corrective measures were left in year 1, 
  one thing i dont miss though is getting a gun and not having the mats to upgrade/use it, 
  yeah , 320s are less `` nice ! '', 
  and more `` eh , finally '', 
  agreed, 
  i believe they mean * zeitgeist * , or hell , they could just call it a * trend * to describe a current weapon-set 's popularity . 
  my people on my friendslist hear me venting this one a lot lol . 
  and it 's about time, 
  ditto , also still the best for pvp, 
  so it 's lost all meaning . 
  i propose we start using better , more original words . 
  like grumbo , or fleen . 
  well , i love the machine gun . 
  getting a firefly pulse rifle is also kind interesting ( waiting for that one ) . 
  til small talk is sexism and making small talk is a result of male privilege . 
   while `` meta '' as a word is defined as something that is self referential , metadata is defined as `` data about data '' . 
  data about data is literally self referential data . 
  there 's nothing self referential about what gun has the best ttk in a given patch period . 
  but those 3 things are n't metagames , they are the game itself . 
  i do n't think preparing to play a game is any more a metagame than training to play a sport is a metasport . 
  it 's because of all the dawning related stuff that was data mined, 
  then explain the dawning masks and other items that were n't released, 
  watched this too many times . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  how is the exact name a coincidence ? 
  you do n't want a new rahool mask with an alternate smirk ? 
   the only people that attempted to find a link between items in the database and this `` thing '' that 's happened is people on this sub, 
  if that were the case , there would n't be several articles written about it . 
  i found out about it off-sub tbh, 
  is there not an easier way ? 
  like meleeing ? 
  even with gift of light on with your force barrier up ? 
  i do dis too, 
  i saw that episode of parks & rec, 
  that 's like saying slavery was racist so all manual labor today is racist , * know the history . 
  except it 's not true, 
  wtf is `` cishet '' ? 
  sounds like fishnet, 
  i find the dance machines make little to no difference , they really need a buff , but to make the mida not be over the top , have a movement speed cap when stacked with mida, 
  i guess a male witch is a warlock , though, 
  oh can the social justice crap, 
   unless you 're in the harry potter universe and like genderized labels . 
  and in the destiny universe , ` only females can be wizards ' , so it 's the other side of the same coin , and that 's what 's confusing people here with this bizzaro backwards talk . 
  well op kinda implied it, 
  you could replace ` standardized testing ' with a number of words , like just testing , or education , or science . 
  but it 's irrelevant in the modern context . 
  i forget why but it was n't as cool to watch, 
  or a voidwalker, 
  they should all move to a liberated lesbian island , and we should go check in on them in 100 years to see how many are left , free of social constructs, 
  the verge is such a fucking joke now since josh left . 
  holy shit . 
  orly, 
  shut up and use your lunar elegy, 
  the best way to not feel singled out is to change everyone else and not yourself, 
  apparently their dev kit is so bad that it was faster to drop a rock on him than just delete him,
