  or trolling ? 
  the traveler did terraform venus , not the vex ; when the vex terraform things it turns into circuit city, 
  i believe we 're seeing the loop of the vex going to the past to improve themselves . 
  the future vex look old because they are the original vex , the ones who discovered time travel . 
  they improve on their designs and go to the past to recreate themselves . 
  this is why the ` present ' vex are more modern looking , but not as modern as the ` past ' vex, 
  the precursor vex look the newest because they are the earliest in this domino chain through time of ` prior evolution ', 
  the future vex are n't ` new ' looking as the rest of the vex because they are trapped/preserved in time , it 's possible if you exited the vault of glass in the future the new models would be everywhere and the, 
  different things, 
  even if it goes up to 15 % , we 're not talking about a huge time savings, 
  you lost . 
  tell us what happened, 
  figures after we praise them , xbox one connectivity with bungies servers goes to hell, 
  i just lost like 9 games in a row . 
  i hate ib now . 
  its almost like rng designs the shaders and nobody at bungie even previewed it, 
  at 3am i got so super pissed i just went into hulk mode and carried the next team i was on to finally get the win and get that skid over with, 
  this song sums up the vault of glass, 
  too bad none of this was in the damn game , sounds like a great story, 
  i believe the garden is inside the traveler , and a replica of that reality is on mars somewhere, 
  mars cant support all that plantlife and the endless sea of green , yo, 
  in the black garden , did you look up ? 
  you 're deep beneath everything , the ceiling is rock . 
  rng blessed me because my faith was true, 
  good . 
  surprised ossets would do that to one of their own , though . 
  what was the motivation ? 
  had a huuuuuge skid last night too . 
  need to get a dedicated group together ( xbl issues notwithstanding ), 
  gt : i am the hague, 
  could n't sleep until i cashed in those 5 medallions . 
  yeah , started doing that ... 
  seriously ? 
  it 's a weeklong event and you expect people to stop talking about it on day two ? 
  but of course , hammered out 10 bounties last night, 
  i thought the ath ep was awful in pvp ? 
  i have it but never use it, 
  except it has bad stability and isnt easy to handle , and void damage is useless in the crucible, 
  my thought exactly, 
  voc and suros are both good . 
  voc is my traditional go-to in crucible , and last night i did pretty well with it . 
  so you prefer suros over your scout ? 
  you 're not 2 shotting people with the voc . 
  the most frustrating this is when the match starts and your team is capturing the first point ... and before the thing is captured half the guys start running off to the next point, 
  i 'm screaming `` no !, 
  stay !, 
  stay here ! '', 
  to myself on team chat, 
  surprisingly , i was doing great during that time period , but after midnight all hell broke loose, 
  i have the stability perk unlocked ... guess i 'll try it out . 
  find its useless in pve as well . 
  just hate that gun . 
  is it possible to be the lowest common denominator if you 're leading your team ? 
  but ... but i 've defeated the nexus, 
  it has the best sound, 
  `` cheesing '' is a viable form of beating a boss, 
  imagine you fought the boss for the first time and you and your friends kept peppering the boss and taking cover and then he died . 
  would you go `` oh wait guys , we should wipe , i do n't think we did that the right way '', 
  im going to try the ae again , found using it on just normal pve that it wasnt doing much at all . 
  normally i use the voc in the vault , and corrective measure to take down the praetorians, 
  it resets every 12 hours , how did people not know this ? 
  i think someone on here posted that they had 50 kills the other night ( and lost ), 
  [ always good to go out on a high note ] ( http://youtu.be/-oi-xxnzbxw?t=36s ), 
  or to capture point b by sacrificing your points for capturing point a. 
  it 's a wash , and likely there will be gunfighting at b and a 50/50 chance you wont even capture it . 
  care to explain that awkward strategy ? 
  higher than voc against oracles ? 
  personally , even if that 's the case , i like to have the voc for the supplicants if i dont get teleported, 
  that ive noticed , and 1 shot fusion rifles from a distance, 
  fusions should be close range like shot guns , not something you can spray from mid range and get huge damage, 
  i dont mind in normal crucible , like the challenge , but right now i 'm all about that level 3 and 4 gear ( because i hate how my raid gear looks [ / snob ] ), 
  wow wtf thats just unrealistic, 
  id like to point out that the vex guarding the black garden on * mars * ( the 3 bosses , mostly ) are the same look as the descendent vex, 
  of course , the descendents are also the ones on the `` mars '' ( future ) portion of the vault, 
  this is making me think that the descendent ( original ) vex were dormant for a very long time , both on mars and on venus . 
  their buildings date back billions of years . 
  they were dormant for ages and ages and then all of a sudden ... futuristic vex in gleaming white & blue eyes ( rather than red ) were sent to the past . 
  so something woke them up , they advanced incredibly in evolution ... 
  ** ... oh snap , something caused them to evolve and progress very fast ? 
  that 's what happened to humanity under the traveller !, 
  i 've def noticed in regular crucible that top players get thrown around , like a guy who was leading our team in one will be against us in the next, 
  the only name i remember seeing switched last night in ib was the worst person on our team ... 
  gt = i am the hague, 
  lvl 30 , will be on later, 
  what if i suck ? 
  tlw : you just played with jesse pinkman, 
  bungie should add a stipulation that you dont get any rewards or bounty completions if you dont fire a single shot on the strike boss, 
  it needs a lot more things first before color blind support , tbh, 
  this sounds like it 'll be great , ca n't wait, 
  ( gt = i am the hague ; lvl 30 hunter ), 
  fake, 
  i 'd have to see it to believe it, 
  it was another marathon last night but in the end i rubbed them out, 
  [ alien wizards ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111209123029/southpark/images/0/0e/wizardalien.png ), 
  basically , this is just [ altered beast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqhpyhr1p0i ) in space, 
  you get glimmer after every match . 
  i started at like 2k and am nearly at 10k now at rank 3 , getting another 9k for the second piece of armor wont be that hard, 
  i do . 
  i 've never seen anything remotely close to a k/d like that . 
  went over my bungie.net stats for last 20 games , highest i found was a single 5.5 anomaly , a few in the 3s , and 2s are the rare but consistently the ` upper end ' of k/ds for matches,
