  your mom . 
  if they do n't offer a decent digital option , pirate away, 
  no different from pirating music when certain labels insisted on ridiculous drm back in the day, 
  i thought the peasant was just referencing the noob in battlefield friends ? 
  too many graphics if you ask me, 
  just park in the back, 
  [ there 's shit on the windows ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gelnpgmqaq ), 
  i wo n't buy amd , so there . 
  it 's childish to like sli ? 
  how am i in a turf war if i do n't buy ati ? 
  this green do n't run , brother, 
  why were you downvoted ? 
  punishment made up on the spot ? 
  the guy they highlighted stole 2 shirts and was executed for it . 
  someone ban this troll, 
  you sound drunk . 
  why is the ai so bad in these games ? 
  you 'd think they wouldnt be popular with such a gonked pc to play against, 
  does it only do stupid revenge stuff & bizzarro tactics on medium/hard ? 
  at most the issue would be with editorializing headlines / clickbaiting, 
  that site did it too, 
  edit : contributor is new too , i 'll send them a message about her . 
  she translated another article by a separate publisher so empr was just the springboard . 
  this is all off topic though . 
  you 're blaming the site for the national security council statement ? 
  that makes absolutely no sense, 
  you could go to the rnbo official site yourself . 
  the article cites 3 sources so your `` no confirmation '' statement is baseless . 
  the original source is in the article . 
  why you got ta hate , yo ? 
  besides , the dos blog is pretty dry , this condensed the report . 
  that point form list they typed up made a lot of redundant points . 
  literally . 
  ukrainian forces were n't anywhere near the area , so `` both sides being in possession '' is a weak argument if there ever was one, 
  those `` bases '' were small border posts with nothing in them . 
  the third `` the guards were granted a safe exit and left with their weapons '', 
  none of these would have heavy anti-air equipment, 
  they are n't `` rebels '' if they are russians , which majority are, 
  is this article and professor even to be trusted ? 
  by the tone of it it sounds no different than russian propaganda of what [ is n't ] happening in ukraine, 
  if you can vet sources , absolutely, 
  media propagating a conspiracy does n't make it not a conspiracy . 
  saying it was `` america in on it too '' in a false flag is straight up conspiratardiness , since the propaganda does n't even go that far , it leads viewers to make up their own conspiracies of who is trying to kill glorious leader . 
  you failed triganometry did n't you, 
  maybe van rompuy had a bagel on layaway, 
  why ? 
  even just on the beta , you get madden , fifa , and battlefield for $ 30 , or you can buy all 3 individually for $ 180 , so why do you think its better to buy the whole game ? 
  what betas , this is for the full game . 
  epr is more of a portal / platform for various sources , like a huffpost . 
  this article was written by wings phoenix , a charity group supplying the troops , so naturally they 're going to have their own biases . 
  and 160 americans , 
  they * are * terrorists . 
  no , they 're soldiers . 
  you 're struggling with english here . 
  it 's going back and forth . 
  afaik ukraine still has it but is now on the receiving end of the shelling . 
  vice has a video with these guys donating supplies to the troops . 
  the army still sucks and still steals , so these guys buy supplies and deliver them personally to guys on the frontlines . 
  not intentionally . 
  and that 's not terrorism , that 's war and collateral damage . 
  those people should evacuate . 
  the ones torturing , abducting , executing , and leaving mass graves everywhere they go ? 
  funny how russians diss ukrainians for their hair ( khokhol ) and in turn ukrainians diss russians for their scruffy beards ( katsap ), 
  that 's usually what happens when trying to liberate cities that are occupied by foreign forces . 
  dumb . 
  ban them for what ? 
  they got 1 % of the vote and are in no way harmful . 
  how about doing some real work instead of looking for a boogeyman . 
  or , you know what , go ahead and ban them . 
  then they just go back to being tryzub/una and no difference is made . 
  seriously , this prosecutor just wanted to drop a buzzword to make it sound like he was doing his job . 
  just realized the source is `` novorosinform.org '' , a propaganda site with fake news . 
  except they are n't terrorists , they 're just right wing . 
  by contrast , similar parties get 20 + % of the vote in europe . 
  when we see ukrainian soldiers posing over dead russian bodies like it 's a joke , then your argument will hold water . 
  if a tree falls in the woods ... 
  ^ this, 
  definitely paid off . 
  he sounds no more knowledgeable about russian-ukrainian affairs than steven seagal at this point . 
  eastern and western ukraine are not sharply divided over the eu, 
  majority in the east want strong ties with it, 
  euromaidanpress , a quality site for english language news , much of which is translations from various ukrainian/russian news sources, 
  but okay , say `` euromaidanpress '' like it 's a bad thing . 
  shoot the messenger . 
  you realize the census results are tampered with , right ? 
  which comes from a russian journalist ? 
  i would n't say it hijacked anti-maidan , anti-maidan was run by these forces the entire time . 
  the donetsk republic org . 
  was in place for years lying in wait to do this , and the other protests were widely supported by the communists and russian bloc , as well as a hoard of ` tourists ' from russia itself . 
  if you want to go its root , am was mostly funded by yanukovych and was entirely made up of titshki , and when he fell it went to the ukrainian front , but they dissolved which led to gubarev leading the charge . 
  it 's an incredibly reliable source , and in this case the interview and photography was done by a russian journalist, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  thomas is an op-ed contributor , not a founder . 
  also , outside of flattening belgorod ( do n't see the strategic importance ) everything he said there was spot on . 
  what part of that was genocide ? 
  are you illiterate ? 
  i 'd say someone who has n't hit puberty yet is still a child, 
  this guy is crazy and your typical russian troll , just check his other comments, 
  usually when someone brings up odessa it 's a clue that they 're braindead . 
  there 's no evidence that the commies in the trade building didnt start the fire themselves , un has even concluded as much .
