  i got in one little fight and my mom got scared, 
  she said ` you 're movin ' with your auntie and uncle in bel air ', 
  their source is obama admitting the us was involved in the talks to come to a settlement, 
  the settlement was signed by a couple eu foreign ministers and yanukovych and the opposition , it was all public, 
  the only thing they are latching on to here is that the us didnt sign it and now admits it was involved . 
  wel shit , obviously the us was involved in the talks , come on, 
  apparently talks = coup, 
  its a multi tool , its good for everything, 
  agree , favorite primary, 
  ive got both and soo need to try this out finally, 
  confirming what ? 
  they provided the video , they 're just quoting obama wildly out of context and creating a fantastical story to go along with it, 
  this is like when vic nuland said the us had provided $ 5b in investments over the past 23 years and russian media turned it into `` usa admits it spent $ 5 billion to finance coup ! '', 
  sun hunters are there to get orbs for the team so they can stay alive . 
  thanks !, 
  ( even though i 'm not happy with the answer ... lol ), 
  it 'll be small claims ; when you say limited what are we talking her ? 
  lawyer came off like a dick in his emails , i guess trying to spook me, 
  ontario but he 's suing on behalf of an organization in ukraine ( not sure how that works ), 
  its really shitty of them to do this tbh, 
  order looks pretty mediocre if we 're to go by all the previews so far to reviewers, 
  thank you, 
  thanks again !, 
  um , what armor is designed for vog ? 
  weapons sure , but not armor, 
  i used it today too in another thread !, 
  i forgot about the perks on helm/arms , legs and chest are still worthless though with no raid perks . 
  twitter actually, 
  because at the time i got my medium of online replies crossed up ? 
  why is tails a girl ? 
  `` dont use the saint 14 , its not tr00 raidness '', 
  not to mention youd probably want skullfort for crota because of the health regen, 
  got it too , hopf and it are a great combo, 
  i disagree . 
  i 've already forgotten how allegedly great fiona and steve were , and steve wanted her more than she wanted him . 
  with gus , the feeling 's mutual . 
   my question is how does she know it 's insulin ? 
  maybe the fact that he did n't get flipped right then and there . 
  so you think the fang is better than the abyss ? 
  i find them both good in that mid range distance , up in the tower, 
  abyss obviously better for the wizard , and when in rome ... 
  impact/rof is relative , dps is all that matters, 
  plus it fires slower/higher impact with the perk like a suros, 
  had to do this the other day solo , it was a pain, 
  dumb . 
  now it 's basically a 1/3 , 2/3 , 3/3 scoring system instead of a 10pt scale . 
  same difference , new package . 
  good idea in a sea of good ideas to compensate for bungie 's fuck ups . 
  alas , it wont happen . 
  add some lobster shells to the forearms and you 're spot on, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the amount of variety in the green-blue armor range is amazing, 
  it all falls off once you ` become legend ' at level 20 though, 
  it 's a shame that the only drops we get are freakin mangala skin forever, 
  seriously, 
  the collar ruins it , the rest is pretty good, 
  collar makes you look like a turkey leg, 
  i 'm lucky i love how my warlock looks with the iron banner gloves and hopf chest, 
  love the helm/boosts combo, 
  they probably have hotmail emails too, 
  we finished normal mode yesterday without synth , got ta make it rain purp, 
  honestly , hunger of crota is just as effective, 
  if you 're downing crota , you dont need everyone with ghorns to do it , people use truths and shit . 
  deathsinger , id be interested to see the dps comparison but its not like its needed to do the section at all , i used to use ice breakers, 
  down him with primaries for first knee anyway, 
  badger ccl is slightly better , same impact, 
  i disagree , the speed in pvp is worth it alone, 
  with kinetic damage , dont think its wrecking any nightfall anytime soon, 
  i guess because you didnt have an aetheons epilogue ? 
  i dont feel the other 2 perks are worth using , however , i do agree you should just use your radiance and not save it for when you die, 
  the sixth is confirmed by devs though, 
  we 're mida spear bros, 
  i read someone here say that the armor one is useless though, 
  song of flame ... only worth it if you 're in a group , and by chance have them near you, 
  difference is you get your synths before going to crota , not during it , holding up your whole team, 
  yes , after glimmer farming , not the `` crota blow my brains out emptying ammo '' method, 
  whaoooooaaaaaaaaaa gnarly !, 
  it went from an exotic to a rare once rahool got involved, 
  that feeling the day a raid goes public and nobody knows whats going on is amazing, 
  halo 1 beta had it , was then cut, 
  so basically , in the game , we are a resurrected riot policeman who was last seen firing on civilians, 
  grrrrreat . 
  are you sure the perk helps ? 
  that looks no different to me than normal hotpf ( which is just grenade spam ), 
  as this thread shows , hotpf only shaves 0.5 seconds off your grenade cool down during radiance, 
  i wan na be chappie, 
  if you brother shot up in front of you , he 'd act like he just shot up, 
  i cant believe this whiney post made it to the front page . 
  go get a room for yourself buddy . 
  no , cleary * you 're * new here, 
  i think the strike patch will be something to solve the afk problemo, 
  i aint waiting for those slackers if they 're not within eyeshot, 
  that wouldnt explain why 32s were surviving sticky grenades from my 31 ... 
  `` whatever , i might as well just capture it if no ones there , right ? '', 
  i thought armor makes no difference ? 
  how is it better than corrective measure or any other a-list machine gun ? 
  how is it worth the exotic slot ? 
  came here for the same answer, 
  i did n't play a second today . 
  i did my part .
