  omg , i was in that group, 
  was it doughnut holer and the other guys ? 
  ive been telling people the chassle story ever since, 
  the one where the other guy filled in for deej was great though, 
  yes it did, 
  those stats arent very accurate for completions ( i guess a completion only counts 100 % start to finish , not just beating crota ), 
  completions stat is wrong on dt, 
  dead orbit because we 'll cut off your johnson . 
  dead orbit are nihilists . 
  all i know is i 've done hm every week since it went live and it only has 2 ` completions ' on my primary , my friggin ' alt has more . 
  i 'm guessing it only counts as a completion if you go start to back , not , say , do crota and then do the rest later in different order with different groups . 
  i dont trust bungie enough to assume they would do something that logical, 
  i cried for them to fix afks, 
  if you know the list , why dont you tell us what xur is selling tomorrow ? 
  a few hours ? 
  like , in his timezone when xur went live ? 
  ok but where did he predict it then ? 
  because in his op he avoided it, 
  i dont see it , i see pics from 7hours ago , which would be 3:30 am pst, 
  even if it 's preset , how do you know its not rng ? 
  for example , bungie could have randomly set the entire list on day 1 . 
  if its done at once , or done weekly , its the same result . 
   here . 
  when, 
  why would the hive need a computer ? 
  the best part is that the guy didnt die and got stuck on the ledge, 
  what defenses , the hive just use space magic, 
  its a good level , its insane that its not in the game after you beat it, 
  destiny has little content , youd think they would know better than to keep it that way, 
  op doesnt understand what rof is, 
  this just in : no land beyond does more damage per shot than vex mythoclast, 
  omg omg omg why bungie, 
  happens to me often enough , its just bad luck , getting bad teams and getting bad start points, 
  it happens, 
  ridiculous that bungie with its dearth of maps or content , removes content from the game, 
  but if you go to a it 's an easy 75pts and you neutralize the opponents !, 
  they had it right when they originally widened the gap , but with the expansion , its easier to get higher level , so that closed the gap, 
  but the damage differential is so so so not enough , a 32 should be running anything below 31, 
  it should be the same damage rules as pve, 
  fixed, 
  even the eris urn quest used up a bounty slot , even though it was quite literally a mission, 
  why do they even have the mission slots if they dont use them ? 
  i 'd cancel exotic bounties less often if i didnt need to worry about them taking up a slot, 
  helm of st 14 ? 
  i know on here there was a thread advocating bubble towns, 
  thankfully you can quit it and your progress is saved with eris, 
  abyss defiant is my new favorite pvp gun, 
  also , the thunderlord thread made me a believer, 
  great shooting mechanics + good ( ish ) pvp , all held together by the best online community ever, 
  pvp need more game modes though , i 'd love some medium-big maps with a battlefield style mechanic , or capture the flag, 
  as someone on the other team , i agree , leave the damn bubble and embrace a quick , slippery death, 
  i hate the exo 's dance , please give me ops, 
  we 'll be looking for nuclear wessels, 
  hir and zie ? 
  gender is a social construct and does not exist , but you better make sure you label me as the proper gender, 
   guardians no longer drop heavy ammunition when killed in pvp, 
  this is bullshit , that 's one of the best things - taking down someone with rockets and getting some heavy for yourself . 
  it used to be an incentive to take down heavy guys , now the best bet is to hide . 
  dumb move by bungie . 
  now if you 're going to pick up heavy and see the other team coming for you , it 's best to just grab it and die , since you wont drop it for the other team, 
  i guess it goes two ways , it 's good you cant wipe out the heavy point on another team and get like 4 packs , but it 's bad that you dont have the reward for taking down a heavy user solo, 
  yes . 
  russian expats in toronto are fucking insane, 
  they still deny the holodomor and the holocaust was , until the collapse of the ussr , just another symptom of the war against mother russia by ze fascists, 
  lol, 
  admits to dressing like she `` fucked a unicorn '' , notices 2 women talking , possibly about her odd attire . 
  proceeds to write a treatise on how they , the two women , were being misogynistic . 
  right . 
  i fell in love with that gun in general . 
  normally im a scout user but for the first time started using ars ... now bungie takes it away from me, 
  i earned mine , you guys are just sour that you had to wait this long . 
  sore losers . 
  this is why destiny needs ` skull ' modifiers, 
  you need ascendant energy to level up all weapons . 
  the majority of players dont have an endless supply of asc . 
  energy . 
  that said , it should be a grab bag of any ` raid ' currency . 
  yeah yeah , and exotics, 
  but even the house of wolves new weapons will require asc . 
  energy , it seems to be the staple for legendaries going forward, 
  thank you for giving me this comments section, 
  yeah i know , wore it on my alt, 
  * had to put him down in january at 1.5 years old due to lymphoma , wanted to throw up one last reddit-worthy homage, 
  oh , i 'm trying to get back into shape . 
  was a grad who went off the rails a year or two back and am basically starting over now . 
  ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic, 
  long live reddit !, 
  i want bosses that are more like megaman bosses, 
  no love for cryptographic ? 
  i think its the perfect shader for warlocks with heart of the praxic fire, 
  how is bringing him back from the dead so he could flake off closure ? 
  it 's good to have a character to hate if they are building up to a big send off where we 'll all be relieved like we were holding in a long piss . 
  its also worse because they gave him such a vague but elaborate backstory . 
  `` oh i was a slave in the jungle and yadda yadda yadda i 'm now a wealthy international thief of some sort - oh , nevermind you 're married , i love you , lets fuck '', 
  how does one uninstall ( ie , roll back ) an update ? 
  edit : i dont have time machine, 
  getting closer to the issue :, 
  when i go to login.live.com in the browser , it works , when i ping it in terminal i get a request timeout, 
  being a higher level gives you literally no advantage over say a 30 or 31, 
  according to who,
