  enough , this battle was one sided, 
  why is that a reason ? 
  ( curious ) does it get lumped into another category like independents or foreign or something ? 
  just for the record , this is the president of the academy, 
  yeah , she must be racist , the whole system she runs is racist, 
  wtf is an ethnic gay ? 
  that 's a terrible analogy, 
  she 's the head of the organization , therefore she 's representative of the organization , not all of hollywood . 
  obama does n't represent all of america , just his administration . 
  so because ttk was great and you want more , you 're suggesting we do n't buy the bigger , better expansion when it does arrive ? 
  which wont be good, 
  i played poe and went and bought his gun last week ( rocket launcher ), 
  no women poc in leadership goals , except , you know , the head of the fucking academy is a black woman, 
  wage gap !!!, 
  the problem is also that they look at the macro level , and not the micro . 
  sure , blacks ca n't be racist to whites in a society where they are a minority on a national or institutional level . 
  but on a personal level ? 
  sure . 
  or heck , go into a black neighborhood , where the [ black/whatever ] race is the majority , now the roles are reversed, 
  there was a slippery misfit during srl ?!, 
  i was out of the country for 2 weeks , dear god no, 
  ah right , i saw the sm posted here and i forgot to buy it . 
  when the high water came out , i nabbed that and have been checking daily since , hence todays frustration . 
  nope, 
  was . 
  past tense . 
  oh , i agree, 
  but in those cards she 's hardly her friend , she says she doesnt want to get involved in politics . 
  she went to her to work together as a new alliance , not like she was an old time servant of the queen . 
  that 's dozens of times , dozens !, 
  there 's nothing to support that . 
  i 'll play ball, 
  `` last i heard , your queen was on the far end of the belt . '', 
   `` if the guardians knew you and she were in contact , it would be detrimental to her plans . '', 
  his queen , not hers . 
  not eris ' . 
  they are in contact and collaborating together , sure , but that does n't mean that 's who shes talking to at the end of the game when she refers to her queen . 
  also , where does mara sov suggest to eris that the guardian was the key ? 
  eris went to mara with the plan , not the other way around . 
  and of course the final line , `` i have accepted my fate , i will not fail '' entirely does n't line up with mara at all . 
  that shaun king guy is such a nutcase, 
  can someone show me a penis shaped handgun ? 
  or a handgun shaped penis ? 
  and apparently its also all broken and out of date because they suck, 
  that 's exactly what you did !, 
  wtf did i just watch #cringeworthy, 
  but i 'm not taking a side either, 
  the mara sov theory also relies on absence of evidence, 
  what , is n't the chaperone amazing ? 
  hater, 
  yeah , new friend , that 's her , they did work together prior to the events in ttk ; and eris with osiris, 
  agreed especially about timegating previous exotics . 
  before people were in a riot over having to use exotic shards to ` upgrade ' from 270 to 300 and so on and losing your progress , but not enough people complained about them taking the guns away entirely for an arbitrary amount of time just to keep you playing longer . 
  ive played like 700 trials games and havent gotten a single fucking shader ever . 
  it 'd be better with the old drop rate and no re-rolling . 
  then you 'd have incentive to play more crucible because you 'd hope to get an amazing roll on a gun you know may drop for you . 
  right now , there 's no hope holding out for a specific gun , nevermind a drop . 
  well at least you have the one !, 
  i 've seen it drop many times , never for me, 
  sadly , house of wolves was the best era for destiny because etheric light made all raids and all legendaries end game content . 
  everyone was doing both vog and ce and running poe to get all the gear they wanted , and the latter to get the etheric light to infuse it to the highest light level . 
  it was a great era . 
  so much to do , so much end game . 
  now we do n't even have all the strikes we paid for in rotation , and literally nobody does the old content raids . 
  i used to vog all the time for fun , but since ttk came out nobody has asked to do it . 
  except they ninja re-skinned the black do one ... to white , wtf, 
  and now there 's only white ... 
  the whole 80 % of the difference quirk is what makes it tedious . 
  if i have a 320 piece i want to infuse into my 300 exotic that i actually like , it should go to 320 , not 316 or w/e, 
  yeah , now both are white, 
  but the controllers suck, 
  agreed , 4 months between content packs is a good spacing . 
  teachers/profs do . 
  does 320 attack even help anywhere ? 
  just the raid ? 
  no fucking labels !, 
  do they not realize that thinking black people are literally black makes them the racists ? 
  the dunemarchers are in the game , locked behind a ~ ~ vex ~ ~ timegate, 
  pocket infinity is still interesting now, 
  `` increased sprint speed , increased movement speed while aiming your weapon , and tighter turn radius while sprinting . '', 
  `` increases the duration of shoulder charge and tighter turn radius while sprinting . '', 
  the solutions are so laughably easy it 's amazing they are so backwards in implementing them, 
  remember the 3 shaders and 2 emblems that are in the kiosk that come from `` cryptarch packages '' that nobody has gotten ? 
  at least plan c got a year 2 version ... not that i 've even used it in trials or ib , so the point is lost, 
  should be like hockey , switch sides every period, 
  they took it away from one event and increased scs across the board, 
  i 'm literally swimming in coins, 
  hell , i cashed out late on saturday and am already at 21 . 
  having already got pretty close to a god roll after a good ... ungodly amount of hours farming , part of me hopes its the nightfall so my friends can get theirs , part of me would rather pass , so nobody gets the easy route, 
  my fusion is my primary , too, 
  heavy ammo synth !, 
  all of it !, 
  foil is still amazing , you 've just abandoned the ways of the fusion, 
  agreed , factions take too long, 
  and wtf is up with the exotic cloaks ? 
  i get 25pts for a bounty normally , and with the cloak it 's 27pts, 
  thanks bungie , 0.08 % closer to ranking up per bounty , ** working as intended **, 
  my thunderlord and qullum 's terminus are 320, 
  next up will be my sleeper , sga , and solar exotic sword . 
  not sure the order,
