  coordination comes when you have more people to throw grenades and call out on mic his position to time your shorts & kite him . 
  my one experience doing it was the same , it took well over an hour whereas doing it normal is like 15-20 minutes . 
  i 'm saying the cheese does require coordination , maybe not by a full team , but by maybe half ; and the job of those people is fairly rough , rougher than aetheon normally or shooting some dumb supplicants, 
  i 'm not a cheeser , but i sympathize with their struggle to knock that bastard off the edge . 
  i was a bystander , got invited into a group off here thinking they were doing it normal and it was some british guys cheesing . 
  i sat around and watched , got a vex . 
  that 's like saying someone who had a single cigarette once is a `` smoker '' or calling a caddy a `` golfer '', 
  lol you 're a `` nutcase '', 
  a person who smoked a single cigarette is not a smoker , a person who played basketball once is not an athlete ( or a `` basketball player '' ) , and so on . 
  words have meaning in the real world , definitions . 
  but if the scale was upped that wouldnt change the genre of the game or the rules involved, 
  i believe it 's called a gorka, 
  glenn greenwald is a hack, 
  agreed 100 %, 
  he 's just being anti-us for the sake of being anti-us now , but he 's far from neutral in this . 
  i can name another group : russians, 
  granted , the media is timid to admit it , but there are several official state sponsors of terror and many terrorist groups in the world , and unbiased reporting does call a spade a spade now and again . 
  i did that last week , but didnt feel that guilty because it was my 4th icebreaker so far , second that week, 
  i would presume it would involve some semblance of regularity . 
  still going to the murder well ? 
  the whole vendor fiasco just gave everyone a free pass to skip the boss fight , essentially, 
  there should be a system to unlock hard mode where you have to beat normal mode first to even access it, 
  the saturn raper is one of my favorite guns . 
  i just got a crusder i with exploding rounds from the nightfall so it 's a good pairing for my sr, 
  it 's a poor man 's suros, 
  level up hard light , pass on pulse death, 
  it will literally kill them, 
  it 's like lost , no pay off necessary , just random crap, 
  i 'll just assume you 're illiterate or something then, 
  i 've already found a way to cheese the pit and get to the second level without getting blown up, 
  then again , i have 2 hunters and just run it legit anyway ( cant cheese with hunters , works with titans and warlocks ), 
  i found blink didnt work ( have maxed agility and mida ) would only take me half way and then the darkness would come back in and stop me mid-air, 
  with a glide jump , it just kept carrying without canceling the jump, 
  i did , i guess i could try it again, 
  i have four , will you be my friend ? 
  im kinda disappointed, 
  only partly because i wont be as special anymore , and im a special person, 
  but also because the icebreaker is op and , just like if everyone had gj-horns , it 's a bit much, 
  i earned all 3 of my rng ones , and i earned my 1 i bought a long time ago, 
  seriously . 
  got 2 last week alone . 
  also , i think i 'm at like 5 black hammers , but no ir yt / and i 'm probably like at 15 all time vocs and never a fusion or rocket launcher, 
  corrective measure  thunderlord, 
  does it really kill much faster though ? 
  i 'd rather have the 150 rounds or whatever the number is tbh, 
  but corrective measure has a 29 damage rating with 88 rate of fire , while tl has a 53 damage rating and 66 rate of fire . 
  so cm fires at roughly 50 % the speed , but has 30 % more rounds per second, 
  i guess you 're right that tl would do more damage per second, 
  icebeaker will destroy russia and turn putin into dust . 
  icebraker for commander in chief !, 
  there 's an episode of south park like this, 
   why baffin island of all places ? 
  would you say you 're ... * baffled * ? 
  you can glitch like that on ps4 , not sure xb1 , but it 's a bannable offense nonetheless, 
  after burning through 74 motes of light , i finally got a void one with rodeo , field scout , and final round, 
  i have an arc longbow with armor piercing as well , so i think i 'm covered, 
  maybe they did , hopefully , never tested, 
  how the hell did i get downmoated ? 
  random selection of perks that completely resets xp progress on the gun . 
  this is why it takes so many motes until you get the perfect `` roll '', 
  equip the weapon and talk to the iron banner guy , itll appear in his inventory, 
  my biggest gripe , aside from the lag , is that it doesnt seem levels matter any more . 
  27s had no problem taking on 31s and 32s , which is wrong . 
  already do this , so annoying, 
  imagine you had to wait 20 seconds to wake your laptop up from sleep , you 'd go berserk, 
  so you have an equal chance of getting a legendary or an exotic weapon . 
  this is the problem with exotics , they are n't rare enough . 
  they 're literally as rare as purples and xur sells them en masse every week . 
  the game needs a separate `` fuck me i want that '' tier , which is essentially reserved at the moment for gjallarhorn, 
  nobody on xbox has even got that yet it 's so rare, 
  better than having a guy named dickxxbuttxx69 carry your team, 
  i got to level 4 , got the spear , have seen a couple ars drop to my friends and i think the hand cannon too, 
  thats just on my team , ive seen opposing teams get legendaries several times, 
  are you accounting for deleted alts ? 
  realistically though , i bet he 's using his console 's time which likely includes all idle time and loading screen time . 
  i bet mine is padded to hell for leaving the console running when im not in the room . 
  are you going by bungie.net counter or your console 's counter ? 
  work a 9-5 , start playing at 6 and get of at midnight . 
  play more if not all day on weekends , less on weekdays , i 'm sure it averages out fine . 
  until the next round and he 's on your team , then you be like `` gooo fux69 !, 
  i got it with rodeo too with field scout and final round, 
  i love it . 
  it took 75 motes , but i love it . 
  when we got all 3 of us on the center pigeon tower it was better than getting any achievement . 
  maybe , 2 kids who i 'm still not too familiar with were saying they were going to use their level 32s , which sounded sketchy, 
  i was on left where the problems were and even though i was golden gunning and using whole 100rnd clips of corrective measure , i 'd die because there was always something extra . 
  i dont want to blame the team since i was dying too but damn ... 
  how is that possible ? 
  how many rts was that ? 
  how many per downing ? 
  im still confused here . 
  normally its 3-4 rts per knee , i 'm seeing two knees here ... 
  semi-sqeaker , sounds like he 's def a teenagerin the sub-18 category, 
  did the vog , never had an issue in the past , well versed in relicology , held relic on aetheon and died ( support didnt touch prat , couldnt do everything ), 
  `` if you dont know how to do relic then dont touch it '', 
  fuck you , squeeky mcgee . 
  we can always just wait for house of wolves , get level 33 + gear , and go back to ce hm then . 
  then it 'll be less bull spongy !, 
  why was there no oversoul on the guardian down ? 
  did they just drop out ?
