   technically increases the fastest possible ttk but makes it easier to land all headshots so unless you 're hitting every single shot on the head at max fire rate , it might improve your ttk, 
   aggressive ballistics appears to have gotten a stealth range nerf on machineguns . 
  notice in the drop in range on my ab-equipped unending deluge iii vs. the same-archetype mg18a harm 's way with different ammo between year 1 and year 2 . 
  the drop in range is slightly greater in year 2 . 
  so what are you feelings about the deluge ? 
  i have one with field choke , smallbore , rangefinder and hidden hand and did some with with it yesterday . 
  is it worth it to reroll for aggro balls ? 
  aggressive already gives -5 range while field choke gives a +12 . 
  is range or impact more valued on this type ? 
  i 've never met you before in my life and can attest in an unbiased fashion to this being a good video and advice !, 
  no not yet but i use skorri 's revenge with better stability so i have an idea how it would handle . 
  3 head shot kills at rapid fire is imo better than the mid-speed archetype, 
  also got ta love the 89/100 aim assist that the timepiece has, 
  and have a monthly competitive event called the crucibowl, 
  no , not really , we 'll all be level 40 on day one and 40 is the new 20, 
  cool , post them up, 
  looking at the spreadsheet it seems to do half the damage , normally , per head or body shot vs. the jolders . 
  but jolders has 26 rounds and this has 70 and shoots twice as fast . 
  that means you have more kills per magazine than the jh . 
  with aggro i 'd like to see if it cuts down the ttk even further . 
   the abyss defiant still retains as the slowest killing auto rifle in the game as the perk brings it down two rate of fire archetypes while only giving a single damage buff . 
  i think the reason is that focused fire is normally a 30 % rof reduction with a 30 % damage boost . 
  but the next tier below 600 rpm is 450 , but 30 percent off drops is to 400 rpm , which then gets bumped to then next lowest 300 rpm . 
  so it takes a 50 % rof hit but a 10 % damage boost ( 19 to 21dmg ), 
  suros on the other hand goes from 450 to 300 rpm , and a nice 23 to 32 damage boost ( according to the spreadsheet , not sure if out of date now ), 
  question on this rollout, 
  what is a better combo to handle the range/stability situation, 
  rifled barrel & counterbalance ( like you did ), 
  injection mold / hand laid stock , and rangefinder, 
  the former boosts range and gives it a good recoil pattern but doesnt really address stability , while the latter hits range in favor of stability , but adds rangefinder to make up for it, 
  600 minus 33 % is 400 so it skips the 450 tier ( price is right rules ? ), 
  and is rounded down to 300, 
  i just rolled oas/focused/hls / rangfinder !, 
  i 'll let you know how it turns out :d, 
  focused fire makes it a replica of the abyss defiant . 
  if you like abyss with ff on , go for it , it has even more stability , but it 's not ideal . 
  i rerolled mine for something else . 
  btw its doing 15/19 at this range with the reduced base range & range finder, 
  how does yours fare in the range / dmg department ? 
  xboxclips.com and then used the imgur gifv button to make the gif, 
  zero point is a good gun , but already own it on my personal favorite roll, 
  i went yesterday and bought the low down ar and an unwilling soul . 
  the low down has a godly roll out the box so that 's a good gun to just buy now before it 's gone . 
  i may buy another unwilling soul with my last crucibucks today because of the current thread saying it 's good with focused fire ; trying to compare two builds . 
  i 've considered getting the fwc pulse rifle but am unsure on it . 
  does n't seem to be the case . 
  900 rpms turn into 600 rpms with no loss in ttk . 
  600s turn into 300s though , so its the mid tier that gets kicked in the balls . 
  33 % damage boost , 33 % rate of fire reduction, 
  it 's a wash, 
  oh , well i dont know what the playstation equivalent is , sorry, 
  example , unwilling soul on the current 1.2 spreadsheet here does 13 for a headshot . 
  yesterday in 2.0 i saw it do 19 headshots with focused fire at a range ( so likely more up close since its range is awful , i 'll have to confirm later ) . 
  as far as rpm , it goes from 900 to 600 ( 33 % reduction ) . 
  why is that ? 
  fifm, 
  btw i just checked up close , 17 body , 21 head, 
  im gon na re-roll for yours though , counterbalance is the best, 
  there are some people still suck in year 1 but not as many . 
  they stand out because they are still annoying . 
  i agree , the spawn camping on pantheon was stupid since you cant flip spawns, 
  maybe after a round , respawn in like trials ? 
  only makes sense to have a faceoff after a goal, 
  stop using the word `` meta '' incorrectly , this drives me nuts, 
  that comment was before anyone had tested the numbers yet, 
  so is ttk and the other stuff on a download code ? 
  is it just the base destiny game disc ? 
  because the legendary edition is $ 60 and the ce digital bonuses are $ 20, 
  so we 're getting a great deal :d, 
  my understanding of rangefinder is that it does n't increase range , but effective range . 
  that is , damage falloff ( how effective a gun can be at a given range ) . 
  frs dont have damage falloff so this is why rangefinder is bunk . 
  however , if damage falloff and aa are tied together , this would boost the effectiveness of the aa the gun already has , reducing aa falloff in lieu of damage falloff . 
  have you actually tested this ? 
  i farmed around 3,600 thralls last night with zero green armor drops . 
  i just do n't / did n't think you actually tested and were going on memory . 
  about an 8 outta 10, 
  this quote from oryx :, 
   for i am saying , listen , my gods , i am the mightiest thing there is , and i prove it thus . 
   lately i have realized how much i depend on crota and my daughters , and even upon my court . 
  if i lost them , my outlays would exceed my intakes , my tribute would not be enough to feed my worm . 
  thanks , live on here and didnt see it till now, 
  how many times have peggy and jimmy wichard been paired up ? 
  shader kiosk , last page, 
  it was the worst . 
  on the warlock crota raid boots , it looked like you were wearing white crocs, 
  ghost angel cloak, 
  no one has ever been impressed with my revenant . 
  they may want it , but that 's only because it was the only all blackish shader in the game . 
  but not impressed by it . 
  yeah , my lucky raspberry went from all black to having a white utility belt all of a sudden : /, 
  i want to be special :(, 
  nerigal savant iii, 
  claws of ahamkara , it 's an exotic, 
  com fart, 
  surely they would have expected sharing to happen, 
  at one point everyone wore chatterwhite !, 
  well ... true, 
  some of us thought he was a reformed rahool , one who made it rain purple, 
  do we no longer get marks for playing pvp games ?
