  you 're pulling random sources that literally prove nothing , hoping for some scattershot argument . 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to do , but it is n't supportive of any argument you 're making . 
   thanks for providing me entertainment and some sad comical relief of ignorance . 
  ... said the guy arguing that pot does n't get you high and alcohol is poison . 
  hahahaha, 
  i would , but the submission form is broken for me, 
  i guess they would then argue that pronounes are 100 % based on self-identification , so the receiver defines them , not the speaker . 
  it is , is n't it ? 
  article says transgenders are against it being a mental disorder because they feel stigmatized having to accept they have a disorder, 
  you 're asking too many questions, 
  in the previous thread , guy brought up a great line :, 
  `` arson , murder , and jaywalking '', 
  they are literally comedy, 
  i know right ? 
  if you 're trying to pass and look like a woman/man , why wouldnt it be a compliment that they are pulling off the transformation ? 
  personally , i think it 's because the poster does n't pass even remotely and is jealous of people who do get those comments . 
  i 've played like 500 trials games and still have never gotten a shader . 
  its trans awareness week , i 'm not here to make you aware about shit, 
  trans crew fuck you, 
  yet anotehr reason why hammer of sol needs to be nerfed the fuck into oblivion . 
   blade dancer ? 
  3 kills easy, 
  i dont know what world you 're living in . 
  3 kills is possible , but it 's not easy . 
  hammer is 3 + easy kills , not comparable . 
   not just sunbreakers , i do the same with bladedancer, 
  bullshit , nobody has ever been killed by the same blade dancer twice in one super . 
  because golden gun is n't even close to sunbreaker and you know it, 
  this should be soothing to some here :, 
  or one , as i learned yesterday ( fml ), 
  even with encore & mask of the third man, 
  i got golden gunned when in sunbreaker 3 times in a row yesterday . 
  it was my first time using sunbreaker in iron banner . 
  it was so depressing . 
  i can only assume the guy had a nighthawk on . 
  also yes, 
  why wouldnt they have a chance ? 
  i go up 1-2 ranks a week , that 's literally 3-4 months of playing . 
  and that 's without boosting with motes and other stuff . 
  it 's not supposed to be something you hammer out on the weekend , bro . 
   i have been playing the game since beta , and the highest faction rank i 've gotten is new monarchy rank 17 . 
  i 've been playing since launch and am rank 71 on dead orbit , and my alt is 33 with dead orbit, 
  on that first one i 've gone up 15-20 since tkk came out . 
  why would n't i use it ? 
  mine 's 315 now because , you know , infusion exists . 
  you didnt think this through . 
  why would it be impossible , factions will still be in destiny 2, 
   and destiny has n't really lived up to the mega hype so we might not even see that . 
  lol no stop, 
  well it was n't hard for new players to catch up if they just started with ttk, 
  my buddy started a new xbox live account just to start over and like a week or two later and he 's already raiding , 305 + light , etc. 
  i ** totally ** agree , but a lot of people seem to think otherwise , so i thought i 'd ask what people wouldnt be okay with them jettisoning . 
  but you 're right , they are n't making a new game , it 's not a new engine , they ( from the sound of things ) barely have the current engine and toolkit down , so they surely do n't have time to gear up for a full reboot in less than a year ( as we know , they already started working on the next raid before ttk came out , meaning d2 's raid is done in the current toolkit & engine ) . 
  so you can always justify murder but never justify rape ? 
  tell that to the victims in paris , how it was justified . 
   numerous examples of justifiable homicide . 
  please , do tell . 
  if you say self defense i 'll kill you . 
   he 's a murderer because he killed sometime . 
  you ca n't seem to grasp the difference between killing and murder . 
   murder is the killing of another person without justification or valid excuse, 
  ** you keep saying there is justification for murder , but there is n't , because that 's the fucking definition of the word . 
  killing without justification . 
  holy shit are you retarded ? 
  by your own definition there is a gray area in rape , because it 's defined by laws and social understanding . 
  rape could just be `` rough sex '' if we were to loosely define it and not criminalize it . 
  in nature , rape is just normal and always justified . 
  i keep scrolling down the comments section and keep seeing dumber and dumber comments from you . 
  that 's manslaughter, 
  asexual is n't a thing . 
  not buying it . 
  having a bunk libido or no sex drive is one thing , having a `` varying libido '' and `` sometimes have sex and watch porn '' just is n't asexual . 
  but at the same time , is every guy who needs viagra asexual ? 
  ( re : `` bunk libido '' or `` no sex drive '' ), 
  if you 're not impregnating yourself , you 're not asexual . 
  this is just another hipster-tumblr term for `` i ca n't get laid and jerk off a lot '' , or apparently , for hipsters in general who also have sex and watch porn , because fuck it and fuck words . 
  i switch my gear up often enough , but i do like having a couple `` perfect '' favorite guns i want to hold on to for regular crucible . 
   pretty much nobody is going to go through the trouble of social network log in, 
  facebook logins are pretty much standard everywhere and the absolute easiest way to log in to websites these days . 
  you do n't even need to make a new password or type one in . 
  i 'd much prefer social logins over having to type in my xbox info every time . 
  oh no , not the boogieman !, 
  who ? 
  cultural appropriation !, 
  i wan na be pc , weoo weoo !, 
  all of this sounds good , makes the game interesting and fun . 
  who likes predictability and doing everything at once ? 
  in fairness , part of that was because the shaders were locked to classes , and class items were year 1 garbage . 
  i like the sparrow and emotes ... 
  if i was working for bungie they would be paying me , not the other way around . 
  doctrine of passing 's info is wrong , the spreadsheet has it as a mid-rof gun but it 's a 900rpm gun, 
  i got 2 people to buy ttk , get nothing . 
  it doesnt bother me much , but i see where everyone is coming from . 
  i bet they release all that gear as paid dlc now . 
  .98 in october '15, 
  1.3 in october '15 ( though i should be maybe 1.4 , iron banner really fucked me ), 
  apparently by using thorn and matador 64 ... 
  this helps me feel better about myself, 
  would you date a sjw for a pot pie ? 
  are they using nirwin 's mercy ?
