  yes . 
  i got like 10 this weekend . 
  it was hell . 
  how is nerfing an exotic nerfing a class ? 
  because warlocks had bolt-nades and viking funeral , while hunters exploited the hell out of bolt-nades without viking funeral, 
  yup , as a full time blade dancer , this happens all the damn time . 
  glad people are making posts to bring attention to it . 
  did it blind , getting oryx down the first time was one of the best feelings ever, 
   when he grows up he wants to be a an artist or teacher . 
  former aspirations include hair stylist ** and mommy . 
  wtf, 
  but they all have their names in parenthesis , the brother is just the brother , age 12, 
   and attention-seekers, 
  this, 
  just another highschool sub-culture, 
  if they left it in year one , no one would say a peep, 
  anyone have a pic ? 
  no clue what you 're talking about, 
  it 's really asinine of them to just dismiss the demand of consumers, 
  thanks , that 's why i could never get an accurate timer number , i kept swapping and resetting, 
  good find , that 's def the same style, 
  3-4 swings per run is 15-20 ammo out of 81 , so thats like 4-5 runs per synth assuming ** zero ** ammo bricks drop . 
  no checkpoints on strikes, 
  do they not realize that using `` actual '' pictures defeats the purpose of her project . 
  anyone can share random photos on facebook , it 's another thing to make art . 
  these people are fully fucked . 
  no , she should have just shared real pictures , awareness doesnt matter if it means cultural appropriation, 
  realized i did n't hit her until 2.8 s after the tether , i think we can really shave some time off if i wait till closer and maybe get a raze lighter . 
  motherfuckers, 
  i got like 6 skip-rounds rolls in a row . 
  of the 9 i had in that screenshot , one had hand laid stock , 6 were skiprounds , and i think the other 2 were injection mold . 
  the rolls are brutal and really defy the odds or known science . 
   the grasp seems to have a really really really low drop rate . 
  a lot lower than i initially expected since i got it without actually farming for it . 
  the drop rate is abysmally low , like maybe 1 per group per hour if lucky . 
  i 've had runs with hours and no drops for anyone . 
  but i 've also had runs where we kept getting it to drop ; even got 2 in a row . 
  but ... the rolls ... blow so hard . 
  try / r/fireteams , helps to run and add people , it 's easy to get 1 person online wanting to do it but 3 at the same time can be hard just by the lfg route . 
  often need someone on the friends list to answer the call . 
  `` braced frame ... counter balance ... '' was uttered several hundred times over the night, 
  but personally , hand-laid stock is enough , makes it identical the praedyth 's timepiece , so i 'm content . 
  just need a stability perk and not friggin skip rounds . 
  i can dream . 
  * titan with weapons of light, 
  * 2 raze lighters , 1 bolt caster ( 3 raze lighters would be better ), 
  * 2 hunters with tether : one black hole , one blood bound ; both shoot . 
  light of the pack for both . 
  * hunters have crest of alpha lupi to generate more orbs , so all 3 have supers after every run for the next ( and if not , then the titan making 2 with the bubble will help top every one up ), 
  * also : secondary shotguns if you run out of heavy and for wiping ( killing exploding thrall ) , primary i prefer a high-magazine auto rifle ( doctrine would work ) for thrall busting mop up, 
   before its nerfed into oblivion . 
  dont you dare say that . 
  this archetype is my baby . 
  question , headseeker brings it from 23 to 24 for headshots , and glass half does the same . 
  with both on a gun , what is the headshot value ? 
  24 cap or does it go to 25 ? 
  i got an outlaw/hand laid stock/grenadier , which i infused to 320 immediately lol . 
  my previous ` good ' one was third eye/perfect balance/headseeker . 
   bad perk bracketed by two worse ones . 
  i know this pain so much . 
  praedyth 's timepiece never got popular , nobody cared for skorri 's revenge , and the grasp is too hard for many people to get ( so far ) . 
  i 'm hoping it stays low key . 
  unless it 's the nightfall and everyone and their mom gets one and it become the new nerwin 's or some shit . 
  that 'd suck . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  ditto man , though i may need to be less obsessive now lol, 
   hand laid stock/counterbalance/feeding frenzy . 
  holy shit i envy you, 
  nope . 
  just omnigul bond and grasp drop from this strike . 
  and blues . 
  lots of blues . 
  hahahahahahhahaha oh my god, 
  exactly , guy is making it sound like its impossible to be good at this game , or consistently do well, 
  i play with blade dancer ( ie , broken super ) and fusion rifle ( ie , broken nerfed gun ) and still do gud enough . 
  i pick the more ammo perk, 
  you may be familiar with the belief that some aboriginal tribes hold . 
  it 's the concept that a photo might steal a part of your soul . 
  what are your thoughts on that ? 
  oh dear god this . 
  and spinmetal ( w / ghost ) and glimmer ( also , ghost ; i use brave shell for both ), 
  it 's coming . 
  but by the same token , i 'd rather farm a nightfall with a 30 % drop rate than farm the thrallway with a 0.8 % drop rate . 
   end game activities are incentivized via light-based rewards rather than gameplay changing rewards . 
  or it used to be just to get the item to drop , like a helmet . 
  now you want a 320 helmet or bust . 
  speed , by kiss, 
  it 's a great mode , my friend who i just got into destiny , loves it . 
  it was a shame telling her it 's not always in the playlist . 
  if only they had a mayhem clash iron banner, 
  with everyone doing jazz hands, 
  not in y2 , it was only recently added to the y2 strike playlist ; previously it was only legacy strikes . 
  okay need 1 tether to keep her from flying away , but wouldnt the solar titan then be stuck using his hammers instead of raze lighter ? 
  and wouldnt that be less dps ? 
  wonder how the numbers would wash, 
  my purifier vii fusion with performance bonus & send it, 
  nothing in the game now can compare . 
  i found it in my vault during how , it 's my baby now . 
  well , options are let the ogre kill you , let the wizards kill you , or let the boomer take your shields down and shotgun a cursed thrall, 
   i 'll continue to get downvoted because people would rather complain .
