  do you honestly think the good players only face weaker players ? 
  it seems literally every game the opposing team has at least one exotic osiris emblem . 
  if opponents were actually mostly weak players like you say , then you too should be facing weak players , no ? 
  it 's only logical . 
  you ca n't assume you only see good players but they dont face the same pool of players as you . 
   so you want to play with weaker players like us and feel that you are very good but do n't want to play with players as good as you . 
  no one has ever said that . 
  destiny has got to be the worst game ive ever played with regards to disconnects, 
  who the hell would downvote this ? 
  shit, 
  skolas ' health reduced ( from 27000 to 15000 ) !!, 
  even without specialist they are easy to kill with shotguns, 
  and my axe, 
  actually upset about this a bit . 
  the 10 sec cool down sucks . 
  why ? 
  because i use sunsinger with 2 grenades , and this means if i fusion stick 2 guys in a row , i only get bonus for the first, 
  your team sucks then ... 
  spamming g-horns is n't rocket science ... mostly just rockets, 
  unless the story is to tell us the futility of stopping the future ( in this case , white walkers , but in our world , probably making a reference to our own self destruction ) and his own men going against him shows how self destructive we are as a species, 
  but this is just liberal arts nonsense , of course he 's coming back to save the world, 
  can confirm as someone with long hair - it grows back, 
  i cant wait two years, 
  i 'll never understand * you people *, 
  also this, 
  forced analysis of symbolism and meaning that isnt there in the first place, 
  i think the contract means there is an ndc on even mentioning xbox content . 
  remember the original destiny ads ? 
  sony had rights to everything that ms had to circumvent it with a fake cologne ad . 
  i think once the year contract is up and the new content is out , they 'll be able to address current sony exclusive content vis a vis microsoft, 
  that 's a whopping savings of $ 7 a month, 
  and bear in mind when tk comes out , poe will lose a lot of interest and tdb will drop off the map, 
  what 's your point ? 
  a ) he already has the base game , he 's not skipping vog, 
  b ) he 's waffling between getting the expansions now or later . 
  it 's therefore better to do crota 's end and poe now for that loot than later when none of his friends will be doing it with much regularity . 
  i 'm trying to figure out how bungie 's marketing department fucked the dog like this , this rubric does n't even make sense cost/return wise, 
  there obviously should be a discount for not getting the strange coin swag and for going digital, 
  is the collector 's edition a digital download ? 
  i 'm asking because you * need * the original games in order to play it , but obviously if its disc based then you could just get rid of the base game disc and play it regardless, 
   doubt therell be a disc with only the taken king, 
  of course there will be , its the basic digital download edition ... with no dance moves, 
  i dont mind that if its free throw-ins, 
  if you 're getting the physical package then the base game and expansions are throw-in goodies, 
  you need them to play taken king , theres no way around it , so if you 're a newcomer and want the physical stuff , getting the base game is a prerequisite and they 're putting it in for free, 
  the taken king is $ 40 , and the physical stuff is easily $ 40, 
  * the problem is the digital ` collectors ' edition is made for newcomers , but it includes digital goodies that the die hards will want *, 
  the bundle is made for newbies , not dedicated fans . 
  the problem is those digital goodies should have been included in the basic `` digital download '' package, 
  they arent forcing you to pay for the game again , its a free throw-in so they dont have to make two skus of the physical collectors edition, 
  what makes the least amount of sense to me is :, 
  legendary edition ( tk and all year 1 expansions ) is $ 60, 
  dc edition ( tk and all year 1 expansions ) is $ 80, 
  why ? 
  fuckin ' shaders, 
  okay guys , i looked at the pricing grid and this is what would work for everybody :, 
  basic digital , the one most of us need / want , should include the 3 digital goodies . 
  you need the base game to even use it , therefore its only for current players . 
  the digital and physical versions should be the same price . 
  this is just common sense . 
  the digital version should have the goodies as incentive to convert to digital . 
  the physical collectors edition should cost more than the digital version that comes with no extra goods , thats also common sense . 
  the physical copy is already $ 60 and includes the base/expansions for ` free ' . 
  i think you mean there should be a $ 40 physical version without the base . 
  the problem with this is that you need the base games to play , and if you have a physical tk with physical destiny 1 , there may be a conflict ( and they dont want disc swapping & instead want a seamless loading process ? ), 
  i think i misworded . 
  the $ 80 digital version should be $ 60 to be in line with the legendary physical version . 
  the 3 digital goodies should be part of the basic $ 40 digital one . 
  the base/expansions are free throw ins on the $ 80 collectors edition though , because that would be $ 80 regardless i would think . 
  he kept drinking the glass !, 
  i can see this on kitchen nightmares, 
  meh , just get the digital version and give away the download codes ? 
  so you 're just buying the $ 40 one, 
  please, 
  i 'll take that risk if it means being one step closer to revenant, 
  sadly they are 3 terrible characters we could n't care less about, 
  no , his shitty voice acting, 
  in your analogy , you said people will consider the triple patty to be excess and settle for the middle option . 
  there is no middle option here . 
  the triple and double patties are the same price . 
  people will stick to the single patty and gluttons will go for the triple , but double sales wont go up . 
  you broke your own logic . 
  its a little tomahawk , not thor 's hammer, 
  this still does n't wash . bungie wants to ship digital versions over physical , it 's cheaper . 
  they should naturally want newcomers to get the digital bundle , not the physical - yet they priced the digital version of the same thing for 50 % more . 
  for the die hards , they are screwing themselves . 
  many are willing to buy more than $ 40 worth , but few would pay $ 80 for the digital bundle when you get so much more for the physical collectors edition . 
  so now there is no `` double patty '' option for the regulars who eat there all the time and would be most prone to eat on the more expensive menu . 
  ok , well 0 % of the people i play with like them . 
  it 's a small sample size but all i have to go by , yesss ? 
  yeah , did this guy think he was gon na get free sequels or something ? 
  the marketing clearly said 2 future dlcs , nothing more . 
  i am !, 
  we all just rip them to shreds and laugh at how awful they are . 
  rahool too . 
  suros rocket launcher, 
  huh ? 
  the raid is the dreadnaught , not the patrol area, 
  actually he had no clue . 
  he had a 33 % chance and rolled the odds .
