  ukraine is not divided along ethnic or political cleavages to the point it would need to `` split '' . 
  it is infected with a mafia in the donbass , that 's it . 
  ukraine has bigger cleavages along age groups than along regional groups . 
  this is the biggest problem with ritter 's thesis , and it 's his absolute lack of understanding the country, 
   a syrian-like scenario of tens of thousands of deaths, 
  ukraine is not syria . 
  syria has pro-government forces who also fight for religious reasons , against jihadists and other rebels . 
  it 's a bloody fight for survival . 
  in ukraine , there is no pro-government contingent . 
  there is no religious mobilization in the east - ukrainian orthodox ( moscow patr . ), 
  do n't want to split or fight against kiev patriarchate orthodox in the rest of the country . 
  that is a political divide among religious officials , not the citizens . 
  there is zero mobilization to support the government , no one will fight or die to protect the yanukovych regime . 
  to think this is anything like syria is just testament to how little an understanding of the country he has . 
  it presumes that the east can not change . 
  even though opinion polls show that those who support euro integration are younger and more educated ... why does he ignore the obvious fact that soviet dreams would die off with better education and time ? 
  it 's not like the east is permanently stuck as a polar opposite to the west . 
  just look at election maps from before yanukovych , the current demarcation he wants to go by only existed since the orange revolution , before that the east and west have voted for and against all sorts of people . 
  the east who is pro yanukovych was against kuchma and for , and the east was against kravchuk then later for . 
  this is n't an inseparable situation akin to israel & palestine - as he incredulously compared . 
  watch the colors : luhansk & crimea , the most `` anti-euro '' have voted differently every single election pre-regions . 
  his biggest constants are actually ukraine 's biggest variables . 
  [ here 's an article ] ( http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/ruling-party-meeting-okays-plan-to-set-up-ukrainian-front-336056.html ), 
   the all-ukraine public union ukrainian front , was based on an initiative put forward at the conference , held in kharkiv , by the head of the local branch of the union of veterans of afghanistan , volodymyr ryzhkov , an interfax-ukraine correspondent reported from the event , which gave unanimous approval to the proposal . 
   `` our front will defend and purge the ukrainian land from those who have come here with invasive plans . '', 
  basically , communists and pro-government supporters banding together into a vigilante group ; likely to support riot police against protesters or disperse crowds . 
  ukr wiki says `` the purpose of the ukrainian front is to restore order in the country . '', 
  seems to be that way . 
  only difference is that pravy includes both ukrainian and russian speakers ( and members from both sides of ukraine ) , and its leadership has said it wants to keep the nazi members out . 
  ukrainian front on the other hand is only in the south/east , is russophone , and has at least in one case a nazi working in a leadership capacity . 
  first pic is [ patriot ] ( http://patriotukr.org.ua/ ) or [ sna ] ( http://snaua.info/ ) , which is in coalition with pravy , but they are n't nazis per-se . 
  social-nationalists , far-right radicals , and probably racist , but not `` we love hitler '' literal nazis . 
  they 're mostly from the east , patriot is based in kharkiv . 
  their platform only has one mention of race , nothing negative about others or superiority , just that they define ethnic ukrainians on a common language , culture , race , etc. 
  ( which is pretty much the definition of an ethnic group , so hard to argue with that ), 
  second pic is just 1 random guy with a 14/88 white power thing spray pained on a cardboard shield . 
  just random . 
  the group he 's with wearing the orange hard hats are just protesters in general . 
  the orange hard hats were handed out to everyone who was peacefully protesting on maidan on december 11 during a crackdown attempt . 
  assuming that that crowd in that pic represents self-defense units as a whole , the frontline also has [ jews and other minorities working together ] ( http://ukrainianpolicy.com/minorities-on-maidan-an-interview-with-a-jewish-euromaidan-self-defense-unit-leader/ ) , mind you . 
  [ also this ] ( http://www.jta.org/2013/12/08/news-opinion/world/young-jews-take-part-in-ukrainian-protests-along-with-ultranationalists ), 
  pravy recently said this about minorities , which kind of clashes with what a nazi would say, 
   there is no need for any other ethnic minorities to worry , either . 
  quite the opposite , we feel the state must guarantee their rights to practice their own culture as long as they are loyal to ukrainians . 
  well it 's not ... entirely that simple . 
  you have ultra-nationalists in the west who are called `` nazis '' for political reasons ( supporting the oun-upa ) by russians and pro-soviet types , but the upa fought nazis and a lot will hate nazis and soviets equally . 
  there are also `` autonomous nationalists '' who seem to be virtually nazis but they 're on the fringe . 
  in the east it 's moreso `` social nationalists '' who are easy to call nazis ( because of the name ) , but not literally ( but definitely far-right , radical , and all those other attributes ) . 
  also in the east is where all the national-socialist black metal bands are ( kharkiv ) so maybe that 's indicative of the scene in general ... 
  as for that pic of tyahnybok , i 'm unsure the context . 
  as [ you can see ] ( http://i78.photobucket.com/albums/j111/sukell/hillary-clinto-nazi-salute-1.jpg ) , it 's rather easy to freeze a frame and call it a nazi salute . 
  unless hillary is in league with hitler , who knows  i 'd have to confirm this , but there may also be a similar [ upa salute ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7e/upa.jpg ) which i think is seen in this poster . 
  of course , note that the soldier is trampling the nazi german swastika flag , so in this context it 's literally an anti-nazi salute . 
  weird how that is . 
  i think the issue here is a tendency to conflate nationalist or ultra-nationalist with nazism , which is n't always the case . 
  kind of similar to how in america anyone who wants even moderate socialism is called a communist . 
  i think 6,000 showed up for the big meeting on the ukrainian front 's formation . 
  it 's new and supported by viktor medvedchuk 's party and neo-cossacks and other assholes . 
  i guess it remains to be seen how prevalent or mobilized people will get around it . 
  it has the political backing , which means it has the money to hire thugs to artificially inflate its ranks . 
  if it 's a coalition of every radical russian or communist group it may look threatening . 
  just going to have to wait it out . 
   i wonder how this jewish israeli interpret nazi symbols found on helmets among things . 
  are you referring to the wolfsangl symbol the social nationalist assembly uses ? 
  if so , the sna is part of right sector , and he clearly states that they 've shown him no ill will . 
  there is a tendency among slavic nationalists or neo-pagans to use sunwheels , runes , or other symbols which can be interpreted as `` nazi '' since they share the romanticism for folk and ancient culture . 
  it 's not always explicitly nazi in intent . 
  the argument is n't that invalid . 
  i mean , i too have a great gaming rig for all my games , but the consoles are only there for their own select exclusives . 
  ( like halo or gow or what have you ), 
  the argument sounds stupid the way he put it ( owning all the next gen consoles plus a crazy good pc ) but i too have a great pc and all the last gen consoles . 
   til 14/88 is slavic and neo-pagan . 
  i never said that , try again . 
   i call this israeli interference a part in us proxy war or color revolution . 
  maybe you should be posting in / r/conspiracy, 
  whoever wrote this has absolutely no idea what they 're talking about . 
  lol ... 
  try reading www.kyivpost.com - it 's in english and they provide great coverage , and quite a few of the journalists are from the us so the writing and style is something more like what we 're used to ( vs. using google translate ), 
  - protests are ongoing , peacefully, 
  - what has changed since when ? 
  can you be more specific ? 
  right now its a bit of a stalemate due to the olympics, 
  - occupation of several buildings is still in effect across the country , and in kiev , city hall and the other big buildings remain held, 
  - today they stood down on hrushevskoho street so that cars could pass , but the barricades are still up and people on guard for the most part, 
  - it 's still a stalemate . 
  the government pushed their anti-freedom laws , but they repealed most of them due to the riots ; then they imprisoned a bunch , but released the protesters if hrushevskoho was unblocked, 
  we 're basically at january 1st status quo again , but the protesters are becoming more radical and ready to act if the government tries anything again . 
  large self defense units are being created , it seems like a coup is in order if provoked . 
  if the government doesnt resign and flee the country by spring then they 'll be taken by force i think . 
  right now the only thing holding people back is the bitter cold , but if weather is good mobilization should go through the roof ( imo , and according to a few experts ) . 
  right now things to watch for are if the government calls for elections , or rolls back to the 2004 constitution limiting presidential power ; but pro-russian politicians are vehemently against this . 
  also , feb 17 is the `` deadline '' to leave all the government buildings , and i do n't see the militant protesters doing this , so a crackdown may happen . 
  watch for feb 17 to see if things kick off again . 
   nazi occupation is still mostly remembered fondly in lviv oblast and the day lviv was taken by germans is celebrated, 
  no one glorifies nazi occupation and i do n't think your facts are straight on that one . 
  it was when the soviets were finally pushed out that bandera and stetsko declared a new ukrainian republic in lviv . 
  they are n't celebration occupation , but liberation . 
  the thing is , when the state was declared , this is when the nazis turned on the ukrainians and put bandera in a concentration camp , and thus started the war between nazis and ukrainian nationalists ( who previously had a truce of convenience against the soviets ) . 
  other ukrainian nationalists glorify the members of the galician ss , but this is n't the same as normal nazi veneration . 
  the thing with the ukrainian ss ( which was actually multiethnic ) is that it was highly different from the rest of the ss .
