  i think we 're all guilty of at least some cheesing in the raids , but the fun factor goes down to zero and its just a mechanical chore . 
  doing oracles without ice breakers is so much more involved and so much more fun , especially after having foregone the gameplay for so long . 
  yes , we 've done it and could do it legit , but is that a reason to stop doing so ? 
  we put ourselves into a trap where the game gets easier and less fun , and less rewarding but the time and effort goes down so we get more tangible rewards in exchange . 
  there 's plenty to chase , i do n't use any original guns outside of voc/fatebringer for nightfall burns . 
  actually true , i use voc as well , i guess it 's just cliche, 
  i sure as hell do n't play them . 
  wtf is the voice of crota ? 
  in fairness , lord of wolves is both unique in style , unique in perks , and it dominates in pve and also pvp, 
  i totally understand , i ran a crazy number of strikes recently for rng to drop me a specific gun . 
  while i would speed run though as much as possible , it 's not like i would cheese phogoth from the shrieker room , or stay up high to pot shot the archon priest . 
  time went much much faster when trying to have fun and mix things up . 
  breaks up the monotony of it all . 
  i have that roll but with counter balance instead of hh, 
  it 's my love, 
  in like six drop for teammates, 
  i got one after getting every other gun twice, 
  that 's fine, 
  please do go on about editing an 8 second clip, 
  nice to see the reddit trolls are up early on monday, 
   and when the man 's eyes meet dany 's , he says either to her or the woman with the baby , `` there must be one more ... the dragon has three heads '' ,, 
  aegon, 
  jon snow, 
  downvoting you because you 're being an insolent prick about a video you did n't care for . 
  most people just move on , you popped in to troll . 
  he is apparently in the winds of winter, 
  solution : dont let them get up close, 
  messenger is clumsy , hopscotch is far from it , but you need to be firing at them before they can get within shotgun range . 
  i dont think you need rangefinder . 
  it barely adds anything , just use smallbore to get it up there , but even then you dont need it unless you 're playing combined arms . 
  did you just say `` go mom '' ? 
  they should make a new exotic called white hammer with the infinite ammo that bh currently has, 
  hopefully people wont assume it 's a skinhead gang though, 
  how i read it is that it will have a max range , but the damage will always be 100 % and not gradually reduce the further you are from the target, 
  and yet , hunter armor # 2 was vanguard db armor , the next was verbatim vanguard hunter armor from how , and the third is the ` new ' stuff in tk, 
  hahahahha perfect, 
  i have a shrek themed clan, 
  wait until the taken king comes out , they are redoing quests and so much about the game, 
  i 'm also an 11 % er, 
  however , i used to be higher , i 've really fallen off, 
  this wont happen , they 'd be idiots to cut out all the year 1 content entirely . 
  then again , they are already nerfing vanilla perks so thats an indication they intend to have these guns stay with us moving forward . 
  yep , it 's the same character from sequel to sequel, 
  this is why i loved skyrim . 
  you could , theorhetically , make it over the mountains . 
  they didnt kill you , there was just nothing there , just some shitty incomplete forest . 
  and that was fine . 
  i made the decision to turn around , the game didnt force me or kill me for trying to get a peek . 
  and when we explored enough to see red mountain and the imperial tower ? 
  we all went nuts . 
  i got stuck behind the tower in the bridge area on crota 's end, 
  big deal , just go to orbit, 
  impossible !, 
  :( we tried ( my friend tried to rescue me and got stuck too ), 
  stats lie about snipers . 
  sometimes you dont use them in a match because the rush is on , so they are useless, 
  if you go way off the map and get stuck in a crack , the bitching will be at the idiot who wasnt playing with the group and got himself stuck, 
  tried to give me a boost so i could jump off his head, 
  of course , then he would be stuck in there and someone would have to go in and give him a boost ... 
  am i the only one that thought this weeks motw was cringeworthy ? 
  i realize its gotten over 100k hits , but i just do n't get it , it 's some guy playing while another guy yells omg over and over again . 
  i liked the honorable mentions , dont get me wrong . 
  they put effort in and were really creative . 
  this one i really do n't get , nor how it 's gotten so many views , not like it blew up here on reddit . 
  maybe i 'm just bitter at the world because bungie never gave me the motw emblem . 
  can i have the dukes of hazard horn ? 
  or will the confederate controversy nix my tooting ? 
  this is why raid matchmaking is a laughable concept, 
  yeah its been pointed out before how came out, 
  the model yes , but as we know from the datamining the perks were completely re-done, 
   can i pre-order the digital download and still get all this shit ? 
  yes , you get it if you pre-order anything, 
  you 'll likely get the dl code on your receipt, 
  all six !, 
  no , everyone gets suros and collector 's edition gets vanguard-hakke as a bonus, 
  i dunno , they print one off for him ? 
  guy posted on here who said they can easily just print one off for customers, 
  isnt the entire internet considered `` amusing '' then ? 
  i clicked off when i read him refer to himself/viewers as `` wrecknation '' in a non ironic way, 
  i dont know, 
  i pre-ordered online , i dont have a receipt , i 'm assuming when i go to pick it up i 'll ask for them to print me a code for the pre-order bonus, 
  lol, 
  take some time to show you around, 
  one time i went into a strike and there was a fireteam of 2 afking . 
  i mean ... what ? 
  do they both expect me to carry them ? 
  i checked their stats later and they are up there too , it made no sense to me . 
  clearly you play the game , just do the damn vanguard strike and stop hiding in corners ... 
  this is soooo old, 
  most of the content and gear ? 
  pretty sure all the old videos show gear we have today, 
  credit to arekkz gaming ? 
  it was in the weekly update !, 
   a fusion of the mad scientist and product engineer of the new frontier, 
  ** hallmark is the liquid ammo displays ** and omolon power cells, 
  ikr , it 's like nobody read the damn thing, 
  regular_everyday_guy is wrong about the multiverse theory , if we die in the game we are brought back by our ghosts an infinite amount of times . 
  it 's not dying and another thread picking it up again . 
  even with counterbalance it still goes to the left ?? 
  i rolled a thirdeye/hls/cb and thought it 'd be perfect ...
