  you 're not a 32 though . 
  get an exotic helm and all the raid armor and then come back . 
  right now , you 're just a new age 29 . 
  i use icebreaker , which also has a +2 agility perk and is better for taking out the mobs of thralls . 
  so its under appreciated . 
  i destroy with voc and mida also does well . 
  you dont seem to understand how damage / impact works in this game . 
  by this logic , shotguns suck because they take forever to fire 3 shots . 
  good thing i got my new and improved ib in the nightfall, 
  i suggested doing it weekly , once we have 3 to rotate between, 
   it 's crazy that players only have 1 raid to do each week regardless, 
  what do you mean , we cant do 2 raids a week per character right now ? 
  the one thing that i want to know is if she 'll drop her special armor for random classes or if its bound to yours, 
  just like the rest of the game, 
  pretty sure vanguard has one with very similar stats , no element and full auto though of course, 
  what he 's been told ... 
  planet destiny still puts a question mark on helms, 
  prove it, 
  is that blacksmith shader ? 
  you 're free to go do another mission story on your own . 
  when they proudly said they wanted to incorporate more storytelling through ... bounties , i knew they were just phoning it in again and trying to put lipstick on a pig . 
  get the voice actor to read the text on the bounty itself , and animate the acting . 
  jeez . 
  do it like skyrim . 
  didnt know you still get armor from levelling up , so far ive only got motes and nothing else, 
  i did what most people recommended and edged till i was about to rank up pre-dlc and just sat on them, 
  i 'm going to play it safe and assume voc rules apply here and they 're witholding the final piece for hard mode ( and like you said , force us to use an exotic helm for now ), 
  i had a great experience with this . 
  it was down to the end there and there were 2 of us , we were both being swamped and they thought i was dead when i activated my blade dancer and just tornadoed everything in sight and we sprinted the finale together . 
  this gif sums it all up :, 
  she 's cearly just wearing a modified mask of the third man, 
  makes sense , that 's why xur sells it to us : it 's imbued with the darkness, 
  though this doesnt explain why it has the most light ... 
  who does n't use this terminology when talking about how they handle the d ? 
  hence modified , more like a visor now , like levar burton, 
  max agility with mida or ice breaker and you 're flying . 
  literally flying over slow pleb titans . 
  the entire game is fun , but when choosing how to spend my time , i 'll do the raid that rewards me over the one that does not . 
  what about that guy ? 
  you can buy level 30 armor in the tower and the vog starts at 26 . 
  ` that guy ' is more ahead than we ever were . 
  because for $ 20 we get essentially 1 level split into 3 parts , no real story , a set of armor , and a raid ( essentially just another level ) . 
  and a few mp maps . 
  by comparison , skyrim had two massive expansions : dawnguard and dragonborn , and both of those cost only $ 20 . 
  by comparison , acti-bungie is raping us . 
  it defeats the purpose if you raise the light level requirements in tandem with raising the light level you receive from loot . 
  sadly , we should have expected this level of experimentation with what is essentially a paid beta, 
  an exotic shard costs 7 coins , so essentially , it 's about the same, 
  woe is you . 
  engrams wise i 've gotten both new vanguard 33 armor and old faction armor , level 27 . 
  question , so if i ` upgrade ' a piece of armor , i lose the stat roll ? 
  i ask because the mask of the third man above says 92 intelligence , but mine is currently 109 , and that 's a bad bump ... 
  my shopping list :, 
  * helm engram, 
  * helm engram, 
  * helm engram, 
  * ruin wings ( maybe ), 
  * truth, 
  the op doesnt say how many motes of light it costs for the engram , could someone tell pls ? 
  the more i read , the more it seems the case, 
  guess my hunter is going with no upgrades this week , definitely not blowing my load on a 92, 
  can anyone post a pic or the stats / perks you get ? 
  im just holding out for praxtic upgrade next week . 
  it 's bound to happen with 2 warlock upgrades a week + 1 purchase . 
  i forgot and had no point of reference , thanks, 
  wait , now i 'm confused . 
  what is the max int on the 3rd man ? 
  ( only max stats matter to me , like how it 's 36 light and not 30 light ), 
  my error in logic was that the 92 is the base stat , not the max , so now i need to know what it 's max is to compare to the other stuff . 
  still , that 92 stands out there as a low number regardless . 
  [ i 've got ta have faith . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/lu3vtngm1f0?t=1m39s ), 
  it will but the base stat is still low nonetheless , other helms are over 100 , so i 'd assume the max is also below average, 
  shucks, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i thought you need an exotic shard which costs 7 coins ? 
  why did n't deej / bungie just announce all of this stuff originally to save the community the freak out ? 
  there 's a huge communication problem with bungie ... 
  is he ? 
  me me me, 
  * xbox one, 
  * want to do crota 's end this weekend with 2 chars , also would like to do vog with my warlock on hard, 
  * mic , yes , of course , duh, 
  * gt : i am the hague, 
  * link http://www.bungie.net/en/profile/254/2280738, 
   sofa knight, 
  adding, 
  yeah , my new icebreaker had 302 base, 
  those are bubble bro gear , though, 
  it has n't , i 'm just assuming tbh, 
  bungie does re-use a lot of assets, 
  i noticed with my machine gun that had the same `` find more heavy ammo '' perk that i noticed zero increase in drops, 
  i guess these gauntlets are the same ... i wonder if they stack, 
  i have two so i 'm upgrading my second one for iron banner alone, 
  i also wonder if it 's better to not upgrade the slots and just leave it as a high rate of fire down sights at the expense of damage . 
  is it a wash or is it better for pvp this way ? 
  the perk is to find more ammo / more often, 
  [ arch your back , and then look back at me . . mean , like a dragon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3isn1hc2v_y ), 
  even then , that 's if you 're lucky 2hrs of mark farming , so in a best case scenario it 's a wash, 
  thanks !,
