  no , i had a system damnit . 
  i also did n't shave that day so i 'm going to go into full playoff beard mode from now on . 
  i had a great experience last night . 
  most of our team made it to the end , miraculously . 
  they were all being picked off , i took out a lot of them with my blade dancer spin , but started slowly walking backwards and fell off the edge . 
  all that was left was a level 25 friend who we let tag along to get some additional loot on his alt . 
  little 25bro was crouching in the corner invisible the whole time , waiting for his moment to shine . 
  last guardian standing , he starts hopping a long to the finish line . 
  had 2 team mates retaking it on blind watch . 
  i ran by them . 
  they were pissed i ignored it and started shooting at me . 
  why dont you take a on mars ? 
  i like a-b , a is a great launching point into b and is directly beside the heavy ammo . 
  c is the one you want to avoid since you dont have any high ground . 
  `` i dont have time to explain why i dont have time to explain '', 
  a metaphor for the release deadline activision set , and not having time to finish the game, 
  i thought to do this you self revive with 0:00 seconds left ? 
  c is the worst , the worst i say, 
  both sucks * and * blows, 
  the whole commendation system is entirely pointless if you only need it for half the armor, 
  i did n't really cheese vog , i did the templar only later on when someone showed it to me ; previously i did it legit every time ( it 's easy ! ), 
  the current cheese ... sorry but it 's just too good . 
  nothing is stopping me from playing the level normally , and i have and will play these levels again legit . 
  but right now , it 's so fast it 's just not worth it to grind things out when i can get a shot at loot ( or shards , likely ) now . 
  at least if i get gear now and get loot , when im doing it later legit and get shards i wont be disappointed, 
  i should also add : it 's a game , not tax evasion, 
  got hardlight last night from it, 
  hitting the gym today . 
  for real this time . 
  this game has made me so lazy . 
  clearly you need to start drinking while playing destiny, 
  make a drinking game of it : every time crota summons the oversoul , you drink, 
  activision , as the publisher , sets the release date and funding . 
  we all know production fell apart in late 2013 and they essentially started over and scraped this together in the less than a year that remained . 
  both are at fault , but stop perpetuating the 5 year myth as if it was an unbroken stream , we all know the game is unfinished and void of content . 
  once they patch it out of the game, 
  true , though the vog warlock helmet kicks ass, 
  nightfall 1 - 8 coins, 
  nightfall 2 - patience and time, 
  nightfall 3 - coins, 
  raid chest 1 a : hard light , shards, 
  raid chest 1 b : shards, 
  raid chest 1 c : shards, 
  raid section 1 clear : raid arms, 
  raid bridge section clear : raid chest, 
  i agree . 
  oh , he made it and we cheered him all the way, 
  ... and then the gloating began, 
  this is what the gunsmith should be for . 
  you grow attached to your guns . 
  sure , there are bigger enemies out there that need more firepower ... but thats why you should be able to upgrade it for the future . 
  sure , it wont be easy , but it should be an option . 
  make it super hard , we 're all grinding anyway . 
  for those of us who would rather do that than buy a new gun , it 'll be worth the effort . 
  a few expansions in you may just get sick of the process and be down to one gun to upgrade . 
  and it 'll be ` the ' gun . 
  completeing the raid is fr sukcersss, 
  exactly . 
  so far there is a plan for exotics , and i understand carrying every vanguard gun doesnt make sense , but if it 's expensive enough people will let them go for the newer stuff , which is easier to get . 
  i 'd love to be in destiny 2 and have someone say `` what is that ? '', 
  it 's the vision of confluence , you can only get it from beating the raid in the first game '', 
  it 's still the go-to for fusion rifle bounties, 
  i took acutane in highschool . 
  had dry skin and then my acne went away and i was fine . 
  that , and while some people say `` omg every mmo is like that '', 
  * no other mmos tie your actual level ( light ) to your gear . 
  your gear is your soul at this point and should indicate the process you went through to get to that number . 
  * other mmos dont have expansions every few months, 
  did you already do the bloodwork ? 
  a month of playing to get to rank 3 ? 
  sure , if you do 1 bounty a day for a month . 
  icebreaker is too clutch to not have in my loadout . 
  basically transmogrification . 
  i like this in concept , and would love for this to be in the game , it would give me incentive to go back and get raid gear i never got if i thought it looked great , and it wouldnt hurt me to want to wear my hunter bandana helm in the crucible without it bumping my level down to like 26, 
  better solution : there should only be one currency, 
  translation : they 're dicking around, 
  rank with the faction ? 
  like rank 3 for legs , 4 for chest , 5 for helm ? 
  good idea, 
  sure , i guess , dont see the point, 
  needing a made up currency that only they accept ? 
  i need to do 48 crucible matches ( possibly more ) to buy a helm . 
  i need to do 20 strikes to buy a vanguard helm . 
  the only difference is one has a slightly different paint job . 
  aetheon strikes back !, 
  because it does , sometimes, 
  happened to me a few times, 
  i do the same thing . 
  my raid gear is at light 32 , max exotic at 36 , and one vanguard piece at 33, 
  once the cryptarch package was 2 legendaries which turned into 2 exotics . 
  knucklehead radar and heart of praxic fire ( or light beyond nemesis , i forget , got both the same week ), 
  his house ? 
  it 's our moon . 
  pfft , as if anyone ever landed on the moon, 
  ( those dead astronauts are props ), 
  making people virtually overnight into 31s , and skipping the voc ... 
  no other game in the world just lets you skip an entire level/boss because some dlc content came out . 
  i just dont get it . 
  it 's such a brainless move . 
  they should make it so that ce raid gear breaks down with a new currency ( lol ) and you need to give him the piece of vog gear + that material to upgrade it to ce level ( 36 ),
