  both work . 
  low also has a ton of ammo reserve . 
  also why i bought all of the speakers emblems for the first time, 
  when has eva ever sold speaker amblams ? 
  damnit , motes wasted, 
  name one game that releases expansions every 3-5 months that wipes the old progress, 
  also , this is destiny , not other games . 
  and i quote luke smith himself :, 
   we do n't want to invalidate player effort ( again ) . 
  yes it does invalidate our gear , because new low-level gear is as good or better than our current stuff . 
  by comparison , ttk 's situation is magnitudes worse than the tdb `` mistake '' they admitted was wrong . 
  and you ca n't just change time scales by 2-3x to fit an argument . 
  12 months and 3 months are significantly different scales . 
  so my defense rating will boost my attack ? 
  that 's just retarded if true, 
  replace a convoluted light system with a new convoluted light system, 
  if this is the case , what is the point of level 40 ? 
  luke smith after dark below backlash :, 
   we do n't want to invalidate player effort ( again ) . 
   i want the meta to change - not my options . 
  / u/decoraan for president !, 
  exactly . 
  when tdb came out and vendor gear invalidated vog raid gear , bungie even admitted that was a mistake . 
  when how came out , vendor gear was as good as tdb raid gear but not better . 
  they made a slight adjustment but not a great one . 
  now ttk comes out and even green and blue gear will be better than all of our best gear imaginable . 
  it 's a complete destruction of our time investment after they promised it wouldnt happen again . 
   what about those of us who just now got the weapon we need to drop or have n't been playing since day 1 ? 
  what about all the new players paying $ 60-80 for the legendary/collector 's editions who are immediately given content that gives away useless rewards now . 
  sick of the wow argument . 
  expansions in wow dont come out every 3-5 months to destroy your progress . 
  wow came out in 2004 and the subsequent expansions were released in 2007 , 2008 , 2010 , 2012 , and 2014 ( and 2016 ), 
  on average an expansion comes out every 2 years , no 3 months, 
  i like the etheric light / exotic shard system . 
  but even if we just accept all legendaries wont go forward and transmog is n't coming , then exotics should just continue to have an economy that will keep the gear relevant if you grind for the required parts/materials to do so . 
  but burning crusade came out 3 years after vanilla , while taken king is coming out 16 weeks after house of wolves . 
  big difference . 
  why does everyone keep saying that your average affects your damage output then ? 
  i mean , i agree with you and that was my understanding , but everyone and their mom here seems to think light level still matters and is n't just a power score, 
  kinda reminds me of the windows experience index, 
  well , by nature if it 's hard enough to get , and new exotics are out the box better than all your old ones , people would try the new ones anyway, 
  i play a lot , like , a lot . 
  and i got 2 cruxes so far . 
  i could deal with having to pick 1-2 year 1 's to take with me , and by year 3 it 's possible neither of those would make the cut if year 2 's were so good . 
  3 rockets !, 
  `` you get double vault space !!, 
  ! ... ... by the way we 're taking away half of your exotics fyi '', 
  uh no , the alternative is called `` nerfing '' and that 's exactly what happened . 
  they made gjallar less powerful so it 's easier to make other guns as good without power creeping . 
  since then they had their tdb debacle and luke smith said they never want to repeat invalidating our gear again . 
  since then they made upgrading exotics easier and added etheric light ascending . 
  there 's no excuse for a 180 * turn in every department . 
  absolutely , your point is ? 
  they nerfed , so power creep isnt on the horizon, 
   gear getting left behind is a pretty basic part of any loot based game . 
  sure , but not 4 months after establishing what the ` end game ' is . 
  other games have expansions every few years , not multiple ones in the same year . 
  2 years between major releases with small content expansions in between , yes , absolutely . 
  i have no problem upgrading them again , i just want the option to upgrade them . 
  the good part at least is that you dont have to upgrade attack on them and the * good * perks are first and not last . 
  i dont expect new level caps and enemy damage caps to go up , and our weapons to just float up automatically . 
  we need to either re-find that exotic or go through whatever process to keep it top tier and upgrade it , but taking away the possibility to upgrade to `` year 2 '' on an arbitrary list is just stupid and antagonizing . 
  we dont know that , we just know wolfpack rounds are getting hit, 
  i like nerfs !, 
  nerf all the things !, 
  that 's why its an exotic, 
  titans have void grenades ... get a void primary and come back . 
  if you do n't have void guns , it 's not the bounty for you . 
  nuff said . 
  going to orbit and having to endure loading time does n't make it harder , it just makes you play the game less, 
  this post makes no sense . 
  we get our weapons that we paid for left behind because bungie needs money ? 
  the fuck ? 
  sorry but downvote for this gibberish . 
  that 's what they sold us on . 
  it 's called a bait n switch . 
  because its good for bullet sponge bosses ? 
  i never said people quit nightfall ? 
  it forces you to endure loading screens for no reason , it makes people play the game less . 
  it 's horrible design . 
  this is debunked if you just read the darn grimoire . 
  the traveler opened up mars and made the black garden . 
  loading time dont make it harder and often nightfall is easier than heroic, 
  try to make sense when you reply . 
  changing the topic to other mmo games does n't really serve a point . 
  if we 're talking about bungie lying and your defense is `` mmo style games always do this , '' then i guess you think it 's cool to lie to consumers ? 
  yes , it 's lying when they explicitly say gear wont get left behind , and then they do an about face . 
  and get back to me about your crappy auto rifle ( seriously ? ), 
  when they phase out our gear from crucible in a year too . 
  `` but that 's how mmos are '', 
  downvote for whining about a problem that does n't even exist . 
  i like ( d ) the first but hated grinding the poe prior to getting to him . 
  like the world 's longest strike . 
  but mr beauregard was . 
  crota has seen some shit, 
  `` careful , its power is dark '', 
  of course there is a bounty and not just 50 random parts . 
  dont listen to that nub . 
  im guessing the easiest way would be to find the first piece , upon finding it activates the quest bounty, 
  why not ?
