  does it cancel dot burn ? 
  i dont know what i do , i just know i do work and as a result i dont own a single pvp shotgun lol, 
  lose / lose situation, 
  anybody can write on wikipedia , you could never cite that in an essay !, 
  do they also put `` heterosexual '' in scare quotes ? 
  thank you for agreeing, 
  ** was n't it a fucking tragedy when in coming to america they cast eddie murphy and not a real african prince for the role ?!, 
  all the major points aside ... blaming all white people for segregation ? 
  not all countries even had it , just the us, 
  * loosened *, 
  [ asian diversity training ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7xp5efthh0 ), 
  would be hard for one to pass for black, 
  omg bring up passing is offensive to members of the trans community by comparing them to stereotyped standards of physical femininity and womanhood / bro, 
  and we still call for some reason the country of * bh\u0101rat ga\u1e47ar\u0101jya * `` india '', 
  and that columbus got that word from the greek word for the population around the indus river , which is in pakistan . 
  basically china, 
  a lot of asiatic ethnic sub-groups there for sure, 
  so , china b. 
  white pride worldwide, 
  in canada the most pc term is ` indigenous peoples ' and that 's what i see in news articles like cbc and whatnot, 
  you should be allowed to incite violence ? 
  i guess you dont have free speech in the us either since you cant run into an airport and yell `` bomb ! '', 
  from the article, 
   the problem was n't so much the message , but the fact that it only focused on racial diversity instead of gender identity . 
  so since mlk did n't talk about pansexuals , its not inclusive enough, 
   but if i merely say `` kill all muslims . '', 
  that is not inciting violence, 
  i do . 
  needs to be a trans poc or bust, 
  commander is the most intuitive and also most seamless experience between the game, 
  `` female perspective '', 
  i showed these to my friend , she thought its dreadful . 
  she 's the type who loves anime and loves when super heroes or fictional characters have emphasized traits and look sexy . 
  who does n't love boobs ? 
  even gay guys love boobs , usually, 
  aesthetically , not sexually . 
  i 'm looking at this from an artistic point of view . 
  so you 'd prefer the women to have pecs ? 
  sorry , do n't think you speak for the entire scene here bud . 
  we 're talking about preferred characteristics of the women . 
  i said who does n't love boobs - you said gay guys , and said they like he-man looking guys ( not really universal , but whatever , i 'll roll with it ) . 
  you completely changed the discussion point . 
  that may be your opinion , but you do n't speak for everyone . 
  i 'm glad you won mr leather contest and became king of the gays . 
  re-type this post but with white/black reversed and mj replaced with james bond and the white guy with idris elba, 
  because you remember how if idris elba did n't become james bond , it 'd be racist ? 
  and how it 's racist to want source material to be portrayed by the same race irl ? 
  boom , boukish just laid down the law . 
  amazing when people online have no fucking clue who they are talking to . 
  `` we cant afford more than 3 people for our live team '', 
   let 's start with names and pronouns . 
  it 's a pretty simple one . 
  a trans woman is a female , a woman . 
  a trans man is a male , a man . 
  a trans woman is a male who identifies as a woman . 
  she is not a female . 
  no amount of plastic surgery will make her a female . 
  same goes in the opposite direction . 
  they make a fuss about social gender and biological gender ( sex ) being different , and now we 've gotten to a point where gender overrules sex . 
  how did you get it over 320 !? 
  dlc confirmed ? 
  do you know what mismanagement is ? 
  unless japanese internment gets brought up - will they ever be let out of those camps ? 
   the problem with tolerating homosexuality is that those who tolerate homosexuality believe homosexuals are `` working through their adolescent behavior '' :, 
  some do !, 
  99 % of these self diagnosed tumblrinas are working through their youth . 
  kids experiment in college . 
  these are facts of life . 
   the alleged `` homophobic '' attitude exhibited by accepting homosexuality is that acceptance `` implies there is something to accept '' :, 
  lol this is just sad, 
   `` what you do is your own business '', 
  this is not a homophobic statement , who wrote this shit ? 
  this applies beyond just gl stuff , it transcends all social norms . 
  like piercings ? 
  bdsm ? 
  shitty music ? 
  sleeping around ? 
  jerking off ? 
  what you do is your own business . 
  i love how it follows that ` support ' is a good thing . 
  they say that `` there is something to accept '' is bad , but accepting that people dont accept and they need support is fine ? 
  the fuck logic is this ? 
   admiration - acknowledges that being gay/lesbian in our society takes strength . 
  how is this a plus ? 
  i disagree , both are still actors portraying characters in films . 
  james bond is scottish , mj is african american , sure ; there 's just hypocrisy to say one is up to re-interpretation and the other not . 
  it 's still just art in the end , not re-writing history . 
  cant hire more than 3 people for the live team , hand out million dollar bonuses, 
  no wonder the ceo got fired ( using the above hypothetical ), 
  thats what it sounds like , unless there was no ceo before ? 
  just separate coo and pres , now combined role ? 
   you make it sound like the $ 291m was split between 3 live team members, 
  no , quite literally the opposite . 
  yes , adults have more privileges , but the extreme of saying `` dont have kids or be near kids '' is just a logical clusterfuck . 
  thinking adults dont have privilege in life doens ' t make you a registered sex offender . 
  in fairness , how do you know he 's a non-white hispanic ? 
  just because his last name is vargas does n't mean he 's not just spanish . 
  yeah , the yelling really got annoying to me, 
  ooo , i get it , you 're a rageaholic in all aspects of life , cool bro, 
  yup , i made a thread like this 2 weeks ago !,
