  saw these holographic runes near the court of oryx today on patrol . 
  they are flipped , and made up of the 3 runes you use in the court . 
  has this been figured out yet ? 
  a sequence ? 
  is anyone else getting sick of these posts ? 
  the world is full of idiots who do n't understand what 's important , and they 'll tear us apart , paul . 
  but if ya stick with me , i 'm gon na accomplish great things , paul , and you 're gon na be part of 'em , and together we 're gon na run around , paul . 
  we 're gon na ... do all kinds of wonderful things , paul . 
  just you and me , paul . 
  the outside world is our enemy , paul ... we 're the only ... friends we 've got , paul !, 
  it 's just hunter and paul . 
  hunter and paul and their adventures , paul . . hunter and paul forever and forever a hundred years hunter and paul . . some ... things . . me and hunter and paul runnin ' around and ... hunter and paul time ... a - all day long forever . . all a - a hundred days hunter and paul !, 
  forever a hundred times ... over and over hunter and paul ... adventures dot com . . [ w w w dot at hunter and paul dot com ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rickandmorty/ ) w. . w. . w. . . hunter and paul adventures . . ah - hundred years ... every minute hunter and paul dot com ... w w w a hundred times ... hunter and paul dot com ... . . 
  is that his oversoul or is that his worm consuming him ? 
  if it 's the former , why is it inside him , and not outside ? 
  if it 's the latter , i presume because we destroyed his system of tribute , and he is unable to beat us , his worm is finally consuming him . 
  he 's bound to always explore , but he 's stranded in the rings of saturn and has no death to feed his worm , so double bad . 
  xbl = mister rahool, 
  looking for 2 more . 
  last time tried this 3 nightstalkers with swords worked swell , preference to those who have gear ready to go so we can down her fast enough, 
  in ttk we had several things grandfathered out . 
  materials changed , the levelling system was undone , and weapons were locked in their respective year . 
  however , our characters were still ours , we still could use those weapons where applicable , and there was a smooth transition between the two titles . 
  in the next title , what would you be pissed if it were left behind ? 
  phasing out the original sub-classes ? 
  ( goodbye defender , golden gun , self rez ? ), 
  resetting all factions and stats ? 
  starting with all new gear with no gear carrying over ? 
  no year 2 guns in crucible ? 
  what are your thoughts . 
  gt = mister rahool, 
  gt = mister rahool, 
  i noticed last night that all of my game clips are all clocking in at under 30 seconds . 
  as you know , when you say `` xbox record that '' or hit the x button , the magic happened in the last couple seconds - but in all of my recent videos the last section is cut off . 
  they range from 20-27 seconds and do n't go all the way up until when i actually told the console to record the clip . 
  i even manually snapped the dvr app and selected 45 seconds , and it came out as 15 seconds . 
  anyone know what the heck is going on or how to fix it ? 
  not a single one of my clips is showing up as 30 seconds . 
  xbl = mister rahool, 
  [ removed ], 
  would like to do it on the 36 or heroic playlist ( increased drop rates ?? ) . 
  preferably 3 hunters , all have to have exotic swords . 
  gt = mister rahool, 
  my kinderguardian friend thought the hildian seeker looked like an elephant , then minutes later sent me this - can not unsee now, 
  i recently got a friend addicted to destiny , and after realizing she was hooked on vanilla got her ttk for her b-day . 
  thrilled , we quickly got her to 40 ( she was already in her 30s ) and began the grind for light levels . 
  `` let 's carry her through the nightfall ! '', 
  my other , veteran friend suggested . 
  she was only 230 light , and 240 was the bare minimum . 
  let 's get her to 240 asap ! '', 
  and so we began getting her as many blues as possible to inch her up there . 
  she blew all her glim glam on a ghost from the speaker , and all her marks and motes on a warlock bond . 
  boom . 
  240 on the dot . 
  so we run through it . 
  carrying her with our monster hands . 
  we had already run last week 's twice virtually without a sweat , carrying his other friend . 
  this time things did n't go smoothly . 
  this time rockets mcdickface kept blowing us up in the most frustrating of ways . 
  also , fuck this backstabbing tripmine . 
  but we did it . 
  `` you 're gon na get an exotic or a legendary ! '', 
  we told her . 
  and know what she got ? 
  the fuckin ' * evil scheme * emote . 
  the hokiest of all emotes . 
  holy shit . 
  we were crying of laughter and depression . 
  it could n't get more anticlimatic than that . 
  rng screwed her . 
  i got an exotic , the 4th young ahamkara 's spine in my vault now . 
  but her ? 
  i felt bad . 
  she did have an errant legendary slip into her postmaster though ... 
  ... and just when i thought rng could n't be any dumber , rahool goes and does something like this ... and totally redeems himself !, 
  first exotic , an apotheosis veil . 
  what a ride . 
  looking to get a team together to farm for the grasp on omnigul tonight , around ** 7-8pm est ** for at least an hour . 
  must have a hunter with tether , and exotic sword , and heavy synth ready . 
  gt = mister rahool, 
  edit : looks like we may be good to go !, 
  looking for 2 for omnigul farming . 
  need to be down for at least an hour , though i know these runs end up going longer because blowing up thralls is fun . 
  must be a hunter with tether , must have an exotic sword ( or sga i guess ) . 
  the reason is that heavy ammo runs out fast , and i 'd rather not do ammo runs or wait on synths to cool down on a regular basis . 
  anyway , gt = mister rahool, 
  hit me up , i 'll be around, 
  can someone explain this to me ? 
  i got a fwc ship ( my first one ) but wanted to dismantle it . 
  so i did , but instead of getting glim-glam , i got 250 fwc rep , and it 's not unlocked in my kiosk . 
  wtf just happened ? 
  here 's a video :, 
  i have ` the climb ' , i dismantle , and then it 's still unfound in the kiosk . 
  looking for 2 for omnigul farming . 
  need to be down for at least an hour , though i know these runs end up going longer because blowing up thralls is fun . 
  must be a hunter with tether , must have an exotic sword ( or sga i guess ) . 
  the reason is that heavy ammo runs out fast , and i 'd rather not do ammo runs or wait on synths to cool down on a regular basis . 
  if you 're a titan with dragon 's breath , please keep walking . 
  anyway , gt = mister rahool, 
  hit me up , i 'll be around,
