  i take out the trash , does that count ? 
  exactly . 
  same goes for any world event , it only matters if it hits home . 
  maybe they are bulls and the color red triggers them ? 
   my social dysphoria was triggered, 
  as someone who has over 200 hours logged , i think the reason is because we see the potential for something great here . 
  it has a motherlode of flaws and repetitive crap that detracts from what is a great system , core gameplay , and beautiful visuals . 
  we want more out of this . 
  why ca n't they just have 2 discs that install , why would you have to swap discs to access mp maps that were installed from the second disc ? 
  i dont get it . 
  agreed . 
  i dont have a cap but for people with them , or overage restrictions/fees , this could be a massive kick in the balls . 
  there is no legitimate excuse for not shipping a second disc to install to drive . 
  games are installed these days , not played off the disc , this is xbox one not the first xbox . 
  well then why does n't ms have this obviously old and needed option ready ? 
  it 's still a flub . 
  ms works with and owns 343 , they knew this was coming up . 
  if for all their engineers they couldnt figure out how to re-add an old function then ... how is that even possible, 
  sure , i guess , but the logic still follows that this game is released by microsoft , so they knew well in advance the requirements to launch smoothly, 
  signed - someone who digitally pre-ordered, 
  they 're making a carnage movie !??!? 1 ? 
  omgggggg, 
  why would sex ed for 8th graders be wrong ? 
  we had sex education in 7th grade , i think in 5th we saw someone giving birth in a video that scarred us all, 
  i have it but it doesnt seem as good as vision of confluence . 
  i got both in the same end-raid reward , so those saying it 's the best , it may be 2nd best to the full-auto, 
  poll agrees, 
  not true . 
  level 2 i wasnt 1 hit killing people . 
  i did the vog last night for the first time and the stupid rngesus gave me vision of confluence and mida multi tool ... . two scout rifles !? 
  how about some variety !, 
  it looks awesome though , if you 're into that sort of thing, 
  what part of rng do you not understand . 
  i 'm coming from / prefer pc , too, 
  only issue i see is having the armor set that is ps4 exclusive , but i guess it could just unequip it or something if you tried to log into xbl with it on , not a difficult thing, 
  we 're going to be experiencing a matchmaking fragment soon enough with the upcoming dlc, 
  playing a raid with a friend and 4 other people he knew last night was literally the most fun i 've had with multiplayer possibly ever ( or since couch co-op was a thing , so maybe goldeneye64 era ), 
  it does, 
  good, 
  exploits = cheap strategies , or in op 's wording `` cheating '', 
  there are n't set rules stoping un-patched exploits either . 
  agreed . 
  found the first boss much harder . 
  once we got the pattern down it was very easy to do a set , then juts rinse and repeat 4 times and he 's done, 
  by forcing you to adapt , duh, 
  so cheesing = pve , cheating = pvp, 
  got it, 
  i understand that the gaming is done via xbl & ps whatevernet , so i guess that means they wo n't play nice by nature unless both ms and ps came to an agreement . 
  i did well in a match . 
  came in second i think . 
  did some sniping . 
  got called a fag in private message . 
  next game , see the kid immediately by chance , first blood with auto rifle . 
  tb him . 
  ive never had an issue . 
  ever . 
   kill the first group one at a time , focus on lower health enemies first ( so thrall  acolytes  knights  wizards ) but feel free to risk taking out the wizard after the thrall & acolytes if you have a fire weapon, 
  what level do i have to be to do this ? 
  i was getting smashed trying to just get to the door opening to crack shots off, 
  what 's an arc multiplier and why do i get 1hkd ? 
  i felt like their defense was way up too to nearly unstoppable ( and i 'm lvl 28 and have done the raid ), 
  those are fine but you dont get enough blue meth engrams . 
  i need my fix , man . 
  need to catch the cryptarch dragon . 
  that 's not really `` easy '' and the yield per week isnt very high, 
  daily events and heroics and crossing your fingers may be the best , or hoping for the larger drops in the vog, 
  do you need to be 30 to beat it on hard ? 
  it all depends on rngesus . 
  if you keep getting legendary armor drops , then sure , but if you 're like me with all the weapons piling up , it just aint happening . 
  if there was a system to trade in ascendent energy for shards ( even if at a loss ) id agree that it 's not hard, 
  i leveled up twice yesterday . 
  4 blues . 
  what time est will we know ? 
  i got icebreaker gifted upon me from rngesus and then a week or two later it was in xur 's store for any common peasant . 
  now i get mida and less than a week everyone can get it ?? 
  like a whore !, 
  so you wouldnt need full raid gear then . 
  crota 's end is level 28 , so you could skip vog altogether and get crota 's raid gear to get to lvl 30 . 
  by house of wolves you would probably need base level 30 to do that raid though . 
  i agree . 
  you should n't choose the exotic , the exotic should choose you . 
  that said , i have a boat load of coins and will be spending this weekend . 
  if armor is available , great , i need to break down for shards . 
  ( pretty bad when the game forces me to buy exotics just to destroy them to upgrade my armor ), 
  25,000 glimmer for a `` small chance '' isnt worth it , it should be a reasonable chance like if you were cashing in a cryptarch mail reward, 
  it feels like a beta . 
  a beta im addicted to , but a beta nonetheless . 
  4 levels , limited maps , 1 `` raid '' , most armor are reskins , no story or plot , no npcs , no dialog, 
  hell the game is about `` protecting earth 's last city '' and you dont even see it, 
  actually , it 's neither, 
  no time , got ta go fast, 
  is he ? 
  or is it set by bungie, 
  because i want to replace my mask of the third man with a cyclops, 
  you 'll be happy with it once the expansions hit, 
  i got 2 purples yesterday ... separately though !, 
  i get enough purples from them , its why i keep driving to level him up . 
  the lords of random have been good to me , just not yesterday . 
  wait , so i dont have to wait for that timer every time !, 
  thanks .
