  you dont know what ` game breaking ' means , do you ? 
  well , we 've been hoping for this for months, 
  he 'll probably just wax poetic about e3 and ttk, 
  here here !, 
  i dont care if they make it really hard to do , and just force us to grind our asses off . 
  i want to keep the stuff i love . 
  no , we just have to decide what we want to keep and what to delete, 
  then delete some junk , jesus . 
  nothing is stopping you from acquiring new gear . 
  many rpgs have a limit to the amount of gear your character can carry . 
  it 's not game breaking just because you refuse to interact with the new content . 
  vault space would be great , but it 's not game breaking , you 're exaggerating to the point of ridiculousness . 
  umm , nobody takes it that far . 
  it 's an annoyance , but not the end of the world . 
  it 's you, 
  sometimes its a ohk , depends on your momentum, 
  again , there 's a difference between a * mild * inconvenience and something that destroys the game itself and would cause people to quit / not move forward, 
  you 're seeing things that are n't there , nobody is taking it to an extreme . 
  thorn is a much bigger issue than vault space for your cache of guns you dont use . 
  for example , this game is perfectly fine, 
  in ukraine they banned the nazi and soviet flags recently , not sure if it would apply to games but you ca n't sell them as souvenirs or anything like that, 
  so you want the game for free or something ? 
  fuck that, 
  how about they jack up prices across the board and then apply that discount so that , while paying the same amount , you 'll feel special inside, 
  that 's discrimination against my religion, 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  except warframe sucks balls, 
  oh great , here we go , `` those nazis were n't so bad , you know '', 
  fatebringer , if we 're talking about legendaries, 
  exotic ? 
  lord of wolves, 
  it requires destiny and both expansion dlcs, 
  no , reddit idiots demanding microtransactions happened, 
  literally the most useless weekly update i can remember since the one with the interview of eris ' voice actor, 
  gameplay is awful man , come on, 
  there can only be one champion, 
   i do n't want to have to buy three fucking dlc 's in a year to play a game that bogus as fuck !, 
  then do n't . 
  if you do n't like the game , do n't buy its expansions or sequels . 
  you do n't `` have '' to do anything . 
   we already did this dance twice already . 
  good , people love the game , dance more . 
   saying hey you cant get the collectors addition unless you rebuy the bs dlc 's, 
  are you dumb or something ? 
  it 's a limited edition collectors edition , it 's supposed to have exclusive things , to , you know , collect . 
  nobody is forcing you to buy it , see first response . 
   guarantee after you pay 80 bucks for tk 's collector edition 3-4 months later there is another dlc that must be purchased to continue . 
  good !, 
  i and most other people want them to release more content and expansions . 
  you 're bitching because you do n't want other people to enjoy the game or play sequels . 
  get over yourself . 
   no other game commands this much money from there players to play . 
  many , many games do . 
  many games are on $ 15/month subscription services - ie , $ 180 a year , just for the base game . 
   wo n't force you to pay more every 3-4 months just to play a little bit more, 
  nobody is forcing you to buy sequels , sequels dont stop you from playing the content you already bought, 
  jesus christ how stupid are you, 
  okay , we have a contender, 
   you 're really comparing a massive mmo where you pay for subscriptions like wow to destiny, 
  that 's one of many . 
  destiny has a lot of content , its undeniable at this point . 
   i 'm the stupid one, 
  mhmm, 
   because if you do n't you really ca n't get much value out of playing time ,, 
  yes you can . 
  pvp is there , and you get more maps for free . 
  people still play nightfalls and weeklies and dailies on the base game . 
  you can still play vault of glass . 
  nobody is stopping you from playing . 
  you 're not thinking at all . 
  it 's like you 're braindead . 
  expansions dont erase the base game . 
  get that through your head . 
   but i am done with destiny, 
  dont let the door hit your dumb ass on the way out, 
  same , and i got some games on the steam summer sale too, 
  strength is good for striker , dont be a tard, 
  titan melee is boss, 
  too bad warframe blows and is free for a reason, 
  upset that its fake, 
  okay jesse pinkman , so hard . 
  the thread is not for people whining about sequels and expansions . 
  you 're in minority of retards . 
  congrats , you just described literally every game in the world . 
  you play it , beat it , and eventually move on to something else . 
  so they release sequels , and people play that . 
  but no , your retarded ass is angry that you 're bored with the main game and you 're angry that they are offering new content to play . 
  you ca n't make up your fucking mind . 
  i use warlock mostly too but during trials especially when using my titan i 've dominated in melee situations when they arise, 
  ok , pre-ordered the most expensive one, 
  i doubt their servers keep track of every single weapon we 've sharded since day 1, 
  so you 're addicted but not addicted enough to play the game when it comes out ? 
  how does that work ? 
  i think his voice acting in destiny is hokey as hell, 
  yeah , recall with how they did weekly twitch streams to showcase it as much as possible to ramp it up, 
  you sat there ? 
  dude , lame as fuck, 
  go down fighting , dont lay down to some e-celebrity, 
  wtf is this fan fiction weirdness ? 
  that was because they always had the daily `` get 10 headshots with auto rifles '' bounty , and naturally , suros was the best tool for the job,
