  did someone touch you inappropriately during a raid or something ? 
  it seems the story itself is mostly just pieced together grimoire cards . 
  i mean , shrine of oryx level ... dinkle just reads what is essentially a grimoire card about some random warlock named osiris who says a bunch of nonsense and then `` destroy it '', 
  other missions are similar recordings or transmissions that are vauge, 
  all the more reason to have legit text that fleshes these topics out , but even the grimoire cards out of context can be confusing, 
  i did . 
  got to level 1 and realized it was pointless . 
  chatterwhite 4 lyfe, 
  i think i got boots my first run on normal , next run i got gloves , then ran hard and got helm and mythoclast on run 1 or 2 , then chest finally, 
  the crucible is no place for mercy, 
  if the dialog was meant for an exo , then how do they disarm him by putting a knife to his metal , cyborg throat ? 
  like you eluded to , halo had a beginning middle and end . 
  it starts with the battle and landing on the ring , in the middle a 3rd party enemy is unleashed , and in the end it 's a race against the clock ` super metroid ' type ending . 
  it 's a full arc . 
  while background is n't entirely explored , there 's a lot of cutscenes and dialog that wraps you into what 's going on so that you still understand the story itself and the characters and what the purpose is . 
  you know why you have to enable the ring , unlike for example , why you have to destroy the shrine of oryx . 
  a had the high ground before and was good to defend against those coming in from c , resulting in good defense points, 
  now a is out in the open and totally useless, 
  i started on a many times and my team was able to get b , and then c after b fell . 
  key is b. 
  not hard to do at all either , i 'm quite effective at clearing out the room as long as no one pops a bubble . 
  with the worst color scheme, 
  if that 's the case bungie needs to up the level disparity more next time around , 27 should have a healthy advantage on a 21 imo, 
  i was gon na ask how the hell games ended up with such high k/ds , probably the highest ive ever seen, 
  then i saw your team had a level 6 and a level 11 with high k/ds ... so i was like wut, 
  then i saw their team had level 2s and 3s ... what ? 
  [ i 've seen what happens when you stab an exo . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/4lvlsrtbj4i?t=49s ), 
  as someone who has the beta for this game , it 's horrible and that explains why they are embargoing the reviews, 
  yeah im not doing it this week , this never works, 
  how can bungie not fix this asap ? 
  i cant believe how long this is dragging out, 
  i wear ib gloves and boots , exotic chest , and raid helm, 
  the raid helm is my pass . 
  ( but seriously , ib gear looks better than raid gear , so i 'm going with sex appeal over ` rng ' appeal ), 
  using blacksmith shader , the ib boots look much better . 
  white boots with black pants , whereas the raid pants are yellow with that shader, 
  so i went with ib ( plus , i 'd rather have scout rifle ammo over heavy ), 
  we 're splitting potatoes here, 
  like a unicorn raping a leprechaun, 
  he means penis . 
  how is this even legit ? 
  does he play on god mode or something ? 
  ugh , 90s kids . 
  its already confirmed that its 28 to get in, 
  clearly he is n't as experienced as us , freakin ' fake accounts with their shiny new underused helmets, 
  well hes # 1 ranked in every single category , so there 's that red flag, 
  except its not exclusive content , its timed exclusive , so bungie had already made it and sony paid just to censor it to ms players, 
  nah , it 'll be another useless by pretty exotic , like the young ahamkara 's spine, 
  i would always opt out because i was inexperienced and did n't want to hold the team back , and i was much more useful on point with voc on oracles and corrective measure destroying praetorians . 
  op is n't a team player . 
  i think so , unless the rest of your team sucks and you 're one of the few 30s and they need you, 
  op is a 29, 
  i wouldnt put too much weight into his stats since he 's a fake account / admin, 
  maybe they were testing level 33 to see how hard it was ? 
  yeah , i 'm sure he solos a lot of raids without dying in the real world, 
  his pvp score is literally 2x the next best guy out there and is # 1 in every category . 
  me thinks this is admin / semi viral marketing for the new game ( `` omg , this guy is the best ever ! '' ), 
  dear god , what happened to the chief 's voice ? 
  good find, 
  lucky raspberry 4 life, 
  whats the benefit , just extended time ? 
  how does that make trip mines much better ? 
  i mean ... does it ? 
  i never use them, 
  interesting . 
  sounds like a fun strategy but i 'm addicted to sticky grenades myself . 
  they stick to people ? 
  do they seek them like stickies or do you have to be dead on precise ? 
  shaders are harder to get than hard mode items , because you can run through a hard mode raid in an hour or two , while it takes far longer to level up a faction to rng that loot, 
  then they need to make a new `` actually exotic '' class of items, 
  so you want the rarest stuff in the game for admitted junk you have a surplus of, 
  did n't alien vs predator already go down this road and fail ? 
  i think them limiting you to 1 at a time was a form of enforced rarity , because everyone would have everything equipped making them really unexotic, 
  fairly certain it 's delayed content for reasons of stupidity, 
  true , crota may have a lot of thralls that need clearing and 3 shots from a golden gun is pretty useless in that scenario , while blade dancing can rack up a combo, 
  no it 's not . 
  closed alpha , no release date in sight , might as well be vaporware . 
  ... they then proceeded to cheese their way through it , i bet, 
  the thing with the relic was originally elitists would get pissed if you could n't handle it and made the team wipe , so people who had n't used it avoided using it to not be `` that guy '', 
  now there are a lot of `` those guys '' who are frowned upon for not knowing how to use it, 
  you cant have it both ways, 
  i have a full set of raid gear and am one of the 30s in my clan, 
  when i got the ib gear the guys on my team ( half who dont know me ) were like `` oh cool so thats how it looks ! '', 
  i feel like my raid helm should offset anyones fears that i ` cheesed ' anything, 
  i refuse to get my hopes up . 
  i question how many of them are even ukrainian , the most `` nazi '' of the azov members have been foreign ` white nationalist ' types, 
  then again , those same people hate nato , the `` liberal race mixing '' eu , and the west , so its one giant contradiction . 
  exactly . 
  giving us incoherent and non-sequential scraps from the original writer 's material and hoping we fill the gaps with the wonder of imagination doesnt make it a great story , it makes it a solid foundation for a story we are ultimately coming up with and writing for them with the fan fiction that 's posted online, 
  what other game does this ? 
  puts the cheaters into cheater purgatory ? 
  i forget off the top of my head ... 
  this is the one , thanks, 
  this also means most european nations have the right to object to immigration . 
  first dibs is legally binding , universal, 
  it 's why the us owns the moon, 
  except do the native americans have the right ? 
  i mean notwithstanding that they immigrated / migrated at one point too , they are made up of dozens of separate nations ( ethnic groups ) that for centuries fought eachother to kick out other tribes that wanted to encroach on their territory , or territory they conquered from other tribes, 
  if you look at his stats it looks like he has infinite super ability too , since 400 out of his 600 kills are all from specials , only 100 from primary weapons,
