  new helmet sucks ass , another reason the game needs transmorgrification so we can use our older , better looking stuff, 
  i want it so bad . 
  the exotic skull one is dope too , but the rest suck . 
  hard . 
  lol good luck with that, 
  wait wait wait, 
  exotic weapons you buy from xur with earned coins = `` randomly awarded '', 
  weapons you get from random drops during the raid = `` something you work for and earn '', 
  what, 
  if you afk in crucible you get booted , and the odds of getting an exotic are infinitely small, 
  bastards, 
  all i want are the helms . 
  of course , of my attempts last week the helm i do get it for my hunter ... which i have 3 of already, 
  you 're missing the point , both are random , but the raid is 100 % random while exotics have multiple paths, 
  but it 's available to everyone , right ? 
  replacing the pre-expansion 27 light gear ? 
  i 'm sure you can play the new raid as a 29 just fine , hm raid can be done with 29s so i 'm sure the new raid on normal will be much easier than that . 
  you could do it as a 29 , which is attainable with 3 regular legendaries and 1 un-upgraded exotic, 
  since there is no match making , i 'm not sure why being a fireteam leader is a deal breaker for you, 
  if only there was a way to bring vog weapons or armor forward like they did with the exotics . 
  i 've already replaced my armor with iron banner armor where applicable , and will probably finish the swap with vanguard gear ( helmet looks sick for hunters ) . 
  but it 's a shame that that stuff just goes to the waste heap now . 
  if 26 can destroy 28s , then 29s can destroy 31s, 
   lol , you perhaps have not tried the hard raid with a 29 . 
  what . 
  i think you 29s just suck , dont blame it on the level . 
  i agree , the commendations should have been handled differently . 
  tying it into completing the vog makes sense , so there 's a sense of progression . 
  giving it at rank 3 makes no sense , since everyone already has that and its super easy to get to . 
  in order to get drops in a raid , you literally just have to be in the raid . 
  when 2 guys would cheese aetheon and 4 would wipe at the back of the room , and everyone got gear , was that `` earning '' it ? 
  or when you do the best on your team and the 6th man straggling behind gets the best loot , is that not just ` being there ' ? 
  bungie uses rng to design the game . 
  how do i feel entitled ? 
  it 's not kids these days , it 's new players not having to put in the work the rest of us did . 
  it 's rewarding players for not playing . 
  heck , i can skip this expansion knowing by the next one better gear will be available for nothing and i can go back and play ce at a higher level off the bat . 
  it 's not a cut scene, 
  not blade dancers though , we 're in the minority among hunters, 
  i personally think there will at least be an expansion dealing with the cabal . 
  they may save the other planets like saturn , or cities like chicago for the sequel ( raid in chitown would be great ) but so far cabal are the only enemy without a raid or story . 
  i dont think destiny 2 will affect anything , expansions ( if these 2 are the measuring stick ) are pretty low in content with a high roi, 
  noise wont do anything , if you make noise you 're a buyer , and they have your money . 
  i think people will vote with their wallets and that will force change . 
  let 's see if this new dlc deals with the criticisms they 've had so far , or if they truly have gotten lazy . 
  we 're stuck in asia for this game likely , but moscow seems unlikely if chicago is in the works . 
  i hope this is the last we see of russia . 
  having 300-damage weapons helps a lot , as does something like the icebreaker . 
  if xur has it ... get it . 
  i truly dont understand why vanilla players get new dlc armor . 
  the whole justification for the new light level for store armor was so players can get into the new raid ... which doesnt apply to the plebs . 
  at times . 
  in team games it can help push through and make a big 1000 point swing to get back in the mix . 
  other times i agree , you out skill someone and they use a super to kill everyone in sight with the push of a button . 
  really ? 
  i ` edged ' all my characters to 2400/2500 rep for dead orbit hoping to get a bunch of new armor today , and it ends up its only crucible and vanguard ? 
  ah ... and no way to upgrade my pre-existing stuff i take it ... which bites since i just saved up for stuff and blew my bank accont last week before the new gear was announced ... 
  i disagree , i do n't notice a significant difference between 29 and 30 on hm . 
  i 'm sure it 's there , but it 's not crippling ... and the point of hm is to be a challenge , of course . 
  it 's literally all i play . 
  [ i 'm sure 4 29s and 2 30s clearing gatekeeper and aetheon in 17 mins per section is some sort of black magic to you . 
  ] ( http://www.destinydb.com/carnage/962495733-i-am-the-hague ), 
  4 29s and 2 30s [ is very doable ] ( http://www.destinydb.com/carnage/962495733-i-am-the-hague ) , though . 
  just make sure you hit those crits consistently as a group . 
  agree . 
  though i never do gatekeepers ( even with my 30 , just habit , i 'm good at holding down outside ) i can do relic as a 29 , it 's tough , but doable ( and i admit i 'm not great at it , i fail with my 30 and do need work ) . 
  i can only imagine how much easier it is for 29s who are very experienced with the relic . 
  taking down oracles is not hard at all , nor is killing supps as a 29 . 
  it 'd be nice if the reward system was merit based and not random . 
  it 'd then be self fulfilling , where better players get better gear and can more easily carry their teams , rather than worse players getting better gear to compensate for their skill level . 
  true , good point ( not that they needed to do that , or couldnt have 2 nightfall level options with different loot loads , like heroics do ... ), 
  the level on everything was increased . 
  dead orbit has the same looking gear , but it 's been improved . 
  they could have done the same for vanguard/crucible armor rather than removing the models from the stores outright . 
  i hate the new titan helms , they are literally all buckets . 
  at least the vanguard one before had eye slots and looked pretty badass ... i guess i 'll use it for crucible still, 
  this is the first game i 've ever wanted to be competitive in . 
  at least in battlefield you unlock things by getting to a higher level , but there are no levels in this game , and all vendors allow you to buy anything after level 2 , which is just a joke . 
  it should be like iron banner where each level you unlock gradually unlocks more stuff , giving you reason to dedicate to a single faction or vendor . 
  eh , people saw it in preview stuff so assume it 's coming eventually, 
  xbl or ps4 ? 
  really ? 
  i always just assumed we were average . 
  [ / validation  ], 
  wow . 
  go play regular crucible . 
  people demanded ib have disparity between levels and bungie provided , now you want them to give away free armor so everyone is the same level to make it fair . 
  in case you missed it , you earn level 30 gear in ib just by showing up . 
  doubt it , the cosmodrome has been part of previews and design for a while , and rasputin has a significant part in the story , doesnt seem like the intro world was tacked on, 
   have you ever played an mmo before ? 
  this is not how any of those games was built . 
  so normal mmos allow for how destiny handles faction-legendary and exotic armor ? 
  bungie are doing things for some , but not for others . 
  it 's inconsistent . 
  normal mmos also have transmog . 
  love the gauntlets , dont want them to go . 
  the irony is i replaced my legendary dead orbit armor with vog armor , then replaced that with ib armor , and now i 'm going full circle and getting the exact same dead orbit armor again because now it 's 33 light . 
   old content items become a stepping stone to get to the new items . 
  which is why i 'm replacing my 30l lucky raspberry with a 36l lucky raspberry , and my dead orbit 27l boots with identical dead orbit 33l boots . 
  your example does n't hold .
