  this is something you or your team have to earn . 
  it 's a reward for doing so . 
  it 's not gating you from end game gear that you need to do the rest of the game , like raid gear does ( with raid perks ) . 
  it 's just a trophy for doing a hard task . 
  even if you do n't make it there are constantly tiers of rewards , up to and including armor and guns and etheric light - that is , everything you can get in the lighthouse can be acquired via just playing trials . 
  good post . 
  and good point about mechanics . 
  in a raid we learn timing , roles , and so on . 
  in trials it 's not much different , knowing who watches whatever side , who revive snipes , who goes for rez , etc. 
  i know , right ? 
  kinda a spit in the face to people like me who practice to get better and do get better, 
   there are no mechanics to learn, 
  what a load of shit . 
   i 'm playing against the best of the best pvp players and getting slaughtered, 
  you 're also playing against a lot of mediocre teams . 
  not everyone playing trials is some pvp god . 
  it 's mathematically impossible for the top 1 % to be facing you in 99 % of matches . 
  but the ttk is reduced for everything other than pure headshot kill , which i guess could be considered the `` forgiving '' part, 
  but there are mechanics . 
  you know where the cap point is , you know where they spawn , you know where to look for and when to hold supers for . 
  just because it 's not some sterile mechanic like crota walking in a set pattern does n't make it mechanical . 
  okay but once we factor in rof / damage , which pulse has the fastest ttk ? 
  it 's easy to say `` 2 burst  3 burst '' without factoring the actual time in seconds . 
  ( is there a chart ? 
  did someone do something nice ? ), 
  but aside from that , reactive like many other 3rd tier perks , is n't about ttk , that 's for the first kill , reactive is that usually situational bonus ( like headseeker or any of the other perks in that tree ), 
  rip 50 round jolder 's hammer with aggro ballistics, 
  those maps were the best maps , you 're drunk, 
  let me guess , you were trying to shotgun everyone like it was twilight gap ? 
  true , running strikes was me and my dry rot, 
  no , just no . 
  they took away field scout from my jolder 's and made tl better - i can live with that, 
  how so ? 
  i 'm not seeing it in the notes how they did that ? 
  but hopscotch is infinitely better than spare change so whats it matter to you ? 
   sorry you wasted so much time grinding , but that 's your own fault for obsessing over a gun that was clearly never on bungie 's priority list from the beginning . 
  this comment makes no sense . 
   spare change with braced frame/counterbalance is going to be better than hopscotch now . 
  unless the rof increase is good enough to close the ttk gap . 
  good thing i have one of each !, 
  but i dont understand why you 're saying hs is getting nerfed but sc and messenger are fine ? 
  all 3 are the same impact/rof archetype, 
  i dont see that in the language ... 
  when i read it i read it as the archetype , not just the gun . 
  they used hs as an example , but i dont see why sc or messenger or even evergreen would be spared the wrath of 2.0, 
  i guess we 'll just have to wait and see once the servers go live, 
  according to the database , hopscotch had its impact 50 % reduced, 
  it 's an allfate now, 
  well , it 's not rerollable, 
  thank god i re-rolled my perfect sc ages ago with intent to troll people in trials with it, 
  now ... it 's much better by comparison, 
  agreed , this makes no sense . 
  why target the hopscotch and not the messenger ? 
  yup , it 's the same as the allfate now, 
  trials of osiris gun, 
  it 's much easier to go 5-4 in trials to get the messenger than grind 100 strikes for it, 
  going 5-4 is barely doing well , let 's not make the messenger out to be some golden reward of awesomeness, 
  same stats as allfate , thats all you need to know, 
  welp, 
  i have average friends who have done it so i 'm basing it on that, 
  they changed the stats on it , now its just a generic full auto allfate . 
  dinklage did a much better `` we 've woken the hive ! '', 
  line , hands down . 
  not because north is new to me , but because on that line north absolutely sucked the life out of the room . 
  this is why i bought 300 heavy ammo synths from xur last week along with as much weapon telemetries as i could carry, 
  my k/d went from a 1.7 to a 0.9 thanks to 2.0, 
  fuck you bungie , fuck you new `` free '' maps, 
  sadly i agree . 
  i had like 19 kills in a round with my jolders alone last week . 
  rockets may be op but so is running an lmg for the entire match . 
  i 'm just talking day to day , not all time, 
  shit , deleting, 
  good post , will try to take these tips into the game tonight, 
  i dunked once but outside of that was pretty crappy, 
  rof/impact changed, 
  it has always had a different rof/impact from the other guns , somewhere in the middle , like how red death and mida were slightly off the regular archetype . 
  now red death and strangers have been normalized to the allfate model . 
  edit : other way around , mid pulse rifles were given a rof buff with 2.5 % impact reduction , so allfate was changed to be like the stranger 's rifle / red death , not the other way around . 
  i figured if the materials were an issue it would n't let me proceed to the next prompt that shows what i have the option of breaking down, 
  hm , i think the catch is that the frontier is now a year 2 version , not the stock one we had on monday . 
  ah , that may be it, 
  [ they ruined destiny ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzwqmuajjoi ), 
  looking at the stats it seems red death is the favorite, 
  same !, 
  i hate it and wish there was an unranked mode so i can test this shit out . 
  i 'm so lost , especially on momento , like you said, 
  day over day went like this for me, 
  i found that the hard way, 
  also rift is generally chaotic, 
   edit : i may even miss out on exotic dead orbit item because i have do quest in my quest log , wip ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  i started but did n't finish this . 
  if i finish it after sept 15 i 'm okay right ? 
  the quest requires you to wear the class item , emblem , and shader all at once for it to count . 
  this is just this quest , not rep in general . 
  shame the thing has zero range, 
  want the legendary version, 
  good because that shack offers literally no cover, 
  i found [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/crucibleplaybook/comments/3bbf9n/does_focused_fire_on_an_auto_rifle_increase_or/ ) which says :, 
   iirc it 's a 30 % damage buff , 50 % reduction in fire rate .
