  trading would kill the game . 
  there 's a fundamental difference here, 
  templar/aethon wasnt cheating . 
  it was playing the game legitimately - a boss fight where you shot the boss . 
  aetheon fought back . 
  so did the templar . 
  just so happens bungie messed up in their design , but as users it was n't wrong to do this . 
  having the fireteam leader quit the program so that the game glitches and allows everyone to finish is cheating . 
  and you 're right , my entire friends list is people doing this right now . 
  i constantly see `` fireteam 5/6 '' or people who now suddenly have crota loot and avatars , people who the other day couldnt beat him legitimately to save their lives . 
   at the point where we know that we can kill crota , but have failed due to bugs cheating us out of a w and just do n't have the time to stay around too much longer . 
  that 's when i do n't mind cheesing his ass , he 's already cheesed us . 
  i can agree with that . 
  i shit you not , i was about to make this exact same thread today . 
  i logged in and saw it on the front page . 
  mind . 
  blown . 
  yes , it should do arc damage . 
  if it gets an arc damage update i 'd do cartwheels . 
  the gun is made for arc damage , everything about it screams arc , and though we know those arent bullets its shooting it has kinetik . 
  it makes no sense . 
  arc this shit . 
  it does pierce overshields . 
  use it . 
  that 's literally its exotic perk . 
  12 days of christmas , bro, 
  add : transmogrification or upgrading old armor ( either making new armor look like old armor you own , or upgrading the stats of your old armor through an upgrade process that would require you to do some grinding of better gear first ), 
  ah yeah , that would be op, 
  why do you care that he wanted to discuss what other destiny players were doing on a destiny forum ? 
  sorry , but by forcing a networking error that causes the game to break and crota to stop fighting altogether , then that is cheating . 
  not cheesing . 
  cheesing is sniping from the doorway or reviving with 0 seconds left to stop the chalice from being needed . 
  i posted this earlier and i agree . 
  it 's cheating . 
  that said , i broke down and did it today . 
  none of the people on my friends list were doing it normal , and everyone was doing this exploit , so to keep up with everyone else i just tagged along , since it would be unfair to me if and when they all become level 32s and i 'm a ` forever 31 ' because i did n't do the crota glitch . 
  i feel kind of dirty , but at the same time bungie screwed me/us by making vog gear useless , and i did n't cheat to get that loot and spent countless hours grinding to get it . 
  so the world balances out in the end through this . 
  i hope bungie patches it soon , i 'd rather have people invite me to do a `` raid run '' that involves the raid and not just flying through the thing without fighting . 
  the deathsinger part is probably the easiest part of the raid imho , but it should have a small reward at least to incentivize people to do it rather than `` find someone with a crota checkpoint '', 
  i agree with everything else you said though . 
  the design sucks , the raid takes maybe 30 mins to run through , and compared to the vog it 's just pathetic . 
  the first section is probably the best level in the entire game , but it goes downhill quick . 
  the crota fight is boring as hell and also not much of a challenge , and unlike vog , it requires specialization of 1 person and not having everyone involved in all parts , which makes it all the more hilarious that they `` fixed '' the aetheon teleports . 
  i really doubt bans would come , its a common glitch used by , at this point , most of the hardcore fanbase . 
  if they intended to ban , they should have issued a warning the first day it happened . 
  you ca n't pull the rug out from everyone this late into the game . 
  true , and with no match making , it ruins the game for everyone who wants to do it legit since it becomes impossible to find a group that wants to not glitch, 
  curious , but what was the case with people starting pvp with heavy ammo ? 
  was that a glitch or a hack ? 
  they banned for that . 
  if the banhammer came , literally , my entire friends list would be banned . 
  what does the eula say about this ? 
  is this what the heavy ammo people did ? 
  only reason i did it today was because all my friends were doing it and , well , the point of destiny is to play with friends . 
  i vaguely recall them saying they were aware of the heavy ammo exploit , which was done in a similar way to this , prior to issuing bans on it . 
  i dont think mentioning it , even vaguely , would spread the fire all too much . 
  everyone on my friends list has been doing this and very few of them read reddit , so word of mouth does the job very well . 
  googled it and the one i found involved changing the date/year on your console during a loading screen, 
  not sure if the ammo one had a formal announcement , but deej did mention it :, 
   we 're aware of this issue . 
  the banhammer is also aware of this issue . 
  we can track occurrences . 
  we do n't even need reports from players . 
   please do not do this for your sake . 
  i hate to see players be given a temporary time out , but that 's what will happen until the fix we 're prepping arrives . 
  so low key , but still out there officially, 
  i 'm sure they have ways , depends what kind of stats they have and how robust they are, 
  ie , pulling up a list of all crota kills where the host left and zero ogres were killed , or just ones where crota was killed and only went down once . 
  fine , then the 12 days of [ lichmas ] ( http://youtu.be/anbt6tcm968?t=41s ) , those started last week, 
  i did n't say it was a hack , i just asked what happened . 
  i want that gun soooo bad , regardless of the shitty skin, 
  ... that title was surprisingly accurate, 
  your exo warlock, 
  better than balls on your chin, 
  color blindness affects 1 % of the population , why are we overblowing this topic ? 
  ok so 4 % , more than i realized , still less than 1 % for women, 
  pretty sure many games do this . 
  skyrim , for one . 
  how about transdimensional vortexes ? 
  how did he have like 7 minutes to do the deathsinger / ir yut part ? 
  you mad, 
  this, 
  this is all blowing that quote out of context, 
  in the trailer we see a big knight , this is one form , in the game we have his raid form , which is the ghostly version, 
  there is no `` hard mode raid true form '' , he was just saying that in the raid they apply different shaders and effects to make it more than just an over sized knight, 
  both are right, 
  8 % of men and 0.5 % of women = 4.25 % of total, 
  it also varies on race , going down to 1 % for men depending which race / group carries the gene, 
  wait , what ? 
  go on, 
  outside of the raid all of that can be done in 3 hours, 
  the raid only takes longer because getting a good group together is a strain , not because it 's full of content . 
  we 're seeing people run the raid in 30 minutes for a reason . 
  its very short and easy . 
  whats the best perk to pick ? 
  range , armor piercing , or the rounds that stagger ? 
  100,000,000 people do not play destiny . 
  how many games have this setting ? 
  so far the only one that comes to mind is battlefield .
