  the muzzles do n't make a damage difference , do they ? 
  in pve i 've compared and the impact changes but the damage they do does not, 
  i have an og one with accurized , counter balance field scout , and crowd control , and a new one with aggressive , counter balance , skip rounds , and rangefinder ( such a beast ), 
  accurized is 5 % , is it worth the rerolling just for a few more pts ? 
  does it even register ? 
  i understand that page emphasizes it more for btrd , but i 'm just talking joldo, 
  why is the sleeper simulant listed as a special and not a heavy ? 
  but vex is listed as a primary , not a special, 
  i used to have aggressive/rodeo/fieldscout / crowd control vanilla but decided to re-roll it for counterbalance in place of rodeo . 
  i got the cb , but lost the aggressive and was n't sure if the 5 % boost really mattered all that much . 
  my other jolders has aggressive , counterbalance , and rangefinder , but the lack of field scout burns me . 
  so is vex , which is primary, 
  interesting take, 
  so , counterbalance or rangefinder on my vanilla jolders ? 
  except that story has nothing to do with the fallen, 
  right , it takes place in the cosmo and you happen to kill two fallen ` bosses ' there , but there 's no story surrounding it or your actions . 
  considering they said they were only re-recording dinklebot 's audio and not re-doing it from scratch , but they also said they were `` questifying '' the old stuff - have they beefed up vanilla so there is an actual story connecting these missions ? 
  they really are n't a story . 
  at all . 
  the vex part of it , sure , but everything prior to the stranger is just random missions . 
  what connects any of the strikes , the hive with the shard of the traveller , sepiks prime , etc. 
  with the main story, 
  because we both know there is no common thread or even story arc within them, 
  i agree and you 're probably right , i was just noting the conflict with the `` story about the fallen '' part that doesnt really line up . 
  if its the normal restoration , it would better be `` the story of your guardian 's beginning '' or something . 
  i can still destroy thorn/last words either way so i never stopped playing it , but yeah , it 'll be nice that the tryhards wont have their crutch anymore, 
  this is bullshit , while light tells someone how much your gear is worth , grimoire tells someone how experienced you are more often than not . 
  remember when the hydras were thralls ? 
  my thought is that if they included it in the video , and they are doing a stream of it today , this is complete content, 
  yeah , it 's all reskinned vanilla gear for the most part , which is fine , each faction should get a different set of armor rather than them using the same armor set and reskinning it 5x over, 
  from the trailer we see that new monarchy is sponsored by suros , fwc by omolon , and dead orbit by haake, 
  please check , i didnt see it there at all, 
  photoshop !, 
  all current legendaries from vendors should be blue/rare , and all raid/trials/ib guns should be real `` legendary '' because they are specific events and major quests, 
  well no , the only difference between legendary and blue is that legendary has more perks, 
  but the difference between those and raid is that the raids have more perks , or specific unique perks, 
  so by that level of separation , they are their own class, 
  and ice breaker , i barely used it / s, 
  you 'd think with `` become legend '' as the game 's tagline , the best stuff in the game would be legendary, 
  what were you smoking ? 
  that ca n't be legal in all 50 states, 
  i disagree . 
  they never said light level would dictate your damage output . 
  ummm i 'll just chalk that up as a right answer to the wrong question, 
  like the sea !, 
  omg someone finally used the word meta correctly, 
  hold down x on your weapon to level it up and ... . oh shit, 
  i 'd like to be able to cash in etheric for glim glam at the speaker , would give me a reason to run poe in the future if i knew i could get an amethyst & x much more glimmers, 
  banished forever, 
  it would also be good as a ` checklist ' so you 'd know what needs to be hunted down still and us ocd completionists have something to do, 
  unless it got a random roll when you take it out of the kiosk . 
  that 'd be fine - dont like it , shard and pay for another if you so choose, 
  bad analogy , iron banner has continued to get new rewards , it 's not like they are handing out level 29 gear still . 
  but they are saying dont dismantle anything , nobody is going to shard their primary gear loadout before the game comes out, 
  that description is a feedback loop . 
  higher attack and defense rating average gives you a higher light value , a higher light value makes your attack and defense stronger ? 
  echo chamber, 
  if light still makes your attack and defense different than the values it actually has , what is the purpose of level ? 
  level replaced light for this goal, 
  it 's also similar to the alchemist cast, 
  but the correct answer to the symbol is that that is what is inside the traveler - the seven suns . 
  each dot is a sun . 
  if you look at the orbs in the speakers room , they have coments and suns flying around inside spheres . 
  seven . 
  the sphere is the inside of the traveler . 
   one hot blue sun , say . 
  and other suns too . 
  five ? 
  i like seven better . 
  what i 'm recalling is a giant star with a family of six smaller suns , and you could spend days and nights counting all of the planets circling those suns, 
  and, 
   i remember it and maybe it 's exactly as i describe it . 
  seven suns wrapped inside magic, 
  i have a friend who still bitches about them allowing ascending after he sharded all his old stuff . 
  now he bitches that year 1 stuff is locked in place ( ` that 's bullshit , why not just make a new game '' ), 
  meh , i think that 's all mental perception, 
  exactly . 
  it 's an expansion , not a contraction . 
  taking away exotics as viable tools in y2 content takes away variable playstyles . 
  like the user said , its like taking away subclasses . 
  exotic armor with lower defense ( and therefore light ratings ) will not be viable in end game content . 
  it 's taken out of the rotation of options . 
  amen , especially on the how mark, 
  some people still have n't got lord of wolves , and unlike fatebringer , they wont get a year with it , at most they get a few months and now nothing . 
  i think we all need to stop thinking of this as bungie being lazy and be a bit more cynical : they are going to re-release our old guns as `` new '' down the road on future dlc . 
  look , i 'm calling it now , arc gjallarhorn year 2.0 version in 2016 . 
  both matter , just like how your attack and light level matter now . 
  exactly . 
  this is still an expansion , it should be expanding the content , not rolling it back . 
  a + response, 
  nobody is stopping you , but dont punish others because you want new guns . 
  and lord of wolves . 
  it 's being given the shortest life span of any of the ` raid exotics ' . 
  nobody even likes grinding skolas for it , and most do n't even have it . 
  now it 's getting left behind ? 
  too easy ? 
  in tdb all we needed as an exotic shard to carry our guns forward . 
  exactly, 
  low is god-tier , you take it back right now !, 
  and okay , 4th horse is good for fallen majors , but low is good for solar burn / cabal majors .
