  maybe if i had friends to play with online and not just nameless people who dont use voice chat . 
  it would take too long to program next-gen three stars / s, 
  i think transmorgrifying took some wind out of me , being able to spend gold to have my guy look as cool as i wanted without having to earn the loot took me down a notch, 
  my issue is that its just overkill on the gay innuendos ( and not so innuendo ) . 
  lahey and randy are enough , adding a third guy who is also a cross dresser makes it less funny . 
  why did they have to stop the cyrus car song ? 
  longest running gag and they axed it, 
  just a couple of drinks, 
  why not ? 
  he 's one of the show 's producers, 
  its only a good deal if it 's free, 
  okay 30 is also good , for 120 you dont see any savings until you 've spent over $ 500 on games, 
  well that 's a shame , he 's the best character on the show, 
  why walk when you can lay down and pretend to walk, 
  they have `` wised up '' and are defending their country like your forefathers did ( i 'm assuming you 're american ), 
  your wires are crossed . 
  or something . 
  what 's there to interpret ? 
  yes , because that 's reality . 
  i bet you think martians read your thoughts in bed , amirite ? 
  you 're right, 
  also , what narrative are you even talking about ? 
  this is rt , russia today . 
  there 's nothing to interpret . 
  are you going to argue a point or just sit there saying `` ooooh '', 
  are you right about what ? 
  yes , russia invaded ukraine - do you belong on conspiratard or something ? 
  not a bad idea ... 
  he 's on medication , do n't worry . 
  why isnt the big dirty canon ? 
  the second movie is the one that isnt canon : the park is different and renovated , ray is living in a boat , etc, 
  why ? 
  i thought the movie was amazing and best of the 3 movies . 
  yeah but then they had beers and pepperoni in the hospital, 
  and of course he was abusive , it was the white liquor that fucked him up, 
  given the different park , i think we can write off that its no longer canon even if there was an attempt at it, 
  though ricky has a house in 3 so that messes that up too, 
  so if someone comes in your home with a gun and you call the cops , that makes you a hypocrite ? 
  it 's what a normal person would do , unless your dad is liam neeson, 
  it was first posted as russians beheading ukrainians, 
  because the first thing someone does after a beheading is infiltrate a vk page, 
  `` ukrainian rebels '' is an oxymoron, 
  and i 've played too much skyrim, 
  you completely ignore the fact that the russian side literally commits actors of terrorism , by the definition of the word , to the t. 
  also , you ignore that the russian side is infested with chechen veterans of war which saw plenty of this kind of stuff . 
  you are making a conscious decision to ignore the reality of the russians and pretend this is some world of parity and `` everyone is bad , so lets ignore everything '' to detach yourself from the gravity of things . 
  i 'm not using it for russian soldiers , but `` volunteers '' who are sent in to incite fear and chaos , and silence dissent among locals through extreme intimidation, 
  well , at least he still has the vette, 
  who did the caveman have sex with though ? 
  damn mongolians always trying to get into ukraine, 
  maybe you 're right ... but they did for the movie and all previous seasons , so why not ? 
  it 's just a riff loop , not the full song . 
  but they are on netflix now ... 
  fully agree with this review from top to bottom . 
  i pre-ordered the digital deluxe et al simply because of bungie . 
  i bought every halo game on day 1 and was always blown away with each , so i entirely expected to be at the very least satisfied with this game . 
  well , it 's an fps game with no story - that 's got ta earn it points for originality , right ? 
  diablo 3 had a coherent and fun story , at the very least , and a lot of it by way of npc dialogue . 
  destiny has zero npcs . 
  destiny is let down to me and i did n't hype it at all , did n't even play the beta . 
  i just wanted a game for my new xbox one that i 'd play for a long time . 
  also , in destiny nearly all the merchants at level 1 have legendary shit available . 
  you ca n't just go buy legendary stuff in diablo . 
  sure , but all those plans are worthless by the time you reach the end of the game anyway, 
  spot on, 
  as he said in the review , the addition of other people online during the story is just window dressing, 
  the fact bungie tried selling it as `` oh , you wont get the full experience without everyone online '' was just total bs to get those 1st day sales in before everyone knew they 'd been robbed, 
  i find this review along with polygon , giantbomb , and the escapist all hit the mark with the 6/10 rating , and its the same score i personally gave it, 
  honestly , i spent $ 100 on this with all the expansion pre-orders ... im sitting here on reddit rather than playing because it 's just so bloody boring, 
  we did get used to anything below an 8 being do not buy and below 7 a travesty, 
  i think if you reduce the fraction to a 3/5 , that seems fair . 
  all about psychology i guess . 
  but does this mean ray is gone forever ? 
  was the movie a planned sendoff for the character ? 
  great shooting , great graphics , shit everything else imo, 
  tears of happiness, 
  you guys have it wrong , the score is cumulative , not average, 
  xbox one + xbox one + ps4 + ps4 = 9.7 ,, 
  a single ps4 ( or xbox one ) is 2.4, 
  talk about sore losers, 
  just goes to show that they know they ca n't win in any of the districts in southern or eastern ukraine . 
  they ran in the presidential elections and got slaughtered . 
  yes he was legally ousted : the party of regions voted for his impeachment . 
  also , yanukovych was n't technically a party member anymore . 
  further , oleksandr yefremov ( parliamentary faction leader ) issued a statement on behalf of the party where they `` strongly condemn [ ed ] the criminal orders that led to human victims , an empty state treasury , huge debts , shame before the eyes of the ukrainian people and the entire world . '', 
  so this is an about face . 
  was he black ? 
  im red in the face, 
  cool propaganda, 
  easter egg, 
  i think you 're thinking of this guy with the bandana, 
  this post is deeper than the entire game . 
  cool but sad how shit the actual story is compared to what they could do with it if they tried . 
  stupid article . 
  stupid conclusions . 
  the us had nothing to do with ` civil war ' , at all . 
  just because a source theorized that russia would ` feel threatened ' and act out , does n't mean the us provoked russia , they just predicted russia would act as an aggressor . 
  how the author concluded us engineering when the source itself says russia would act out is just insane . 
  predictions of civil war are just that , predictions . 
   `` absolutely and irrefutably the only reason that ukraine garners any attention , let alone money and aid , is because it sits on russia 's border . '',
