  how do i get this questline ? 
  because level is still meaningless , like when it was capped at 20, 
  and all they did was add a digit to the light . 
  now we 'll be 290s instead of forever 29 . 
  repackage of the same old system . 
  this is great , as opposed to how where we had all our characters on 34 for the first week of skolas and ran it three times . 
  why ? 
  yeah . 
  plus , better to just swap guns than pay marks to upgrade less-good guns . 
  is that unlocked from the ttk main campaign or something ? 
  but you cant equip legendary gear without being 40 , so someone being 290 purely with blues without the xp to get to 40 is just probably never going to happen unless they are running an alt of the same class, 
  but nobody does that anymore because theres no point, 
  court of oryx is basically the feeling from ether chest hunting combined with actual fun patrol encounters and not just bullet wad majors like weeksis . 
  we 'll never know now that the mods censored this post . 
  most sjws are white-guilt ridden, 
  i want to transmog my neck scarf so i dont have to wear a damn cape now, 
  did the pre-2 .0 vendors also have a countdown timer that did nothing ? 
  well , ttk was part of the 2.0 patch, 
  and the patch was free to everyone who owned vanilla, 
  so does this count ? 
  so they are basically just repeating all the vanilla sales numbers, 
  as per tradition, 
  so is the lost and found questline tied to a timer ? 
  because 2 friends immediately got wolves of mars and none of us got lost and found . 
  so in short , xur will sell , for example , helmet engram tomorrow . 
  i 'll proceed to buy all of them to get all of the stuffs . 
  i love it . 
  it 's not a nerf because engrams with the possibility of new gear , engrams that you can over and over , are better than 1 thing you already have . 
  i 'm sure it was in the back of my head somewhere , but as a canadian , i say it all the time, 
  i always get that damn error !, 
  not sure if sarcasm or if you should be on / r/tumblrinaction, 
  but they took the word bae from babe , from white people . . 
  looks like nagorno-karabakh flag, 
  funny , that wasnt the issue for my clanmate , but not knowing it was heavy only . 
   also got 3 old dragons breath while trying to get the old hawk moon . 
  which was a waste of 93 strange coins . 
  ugh ... frown emoticon, 
  smh, 
  does it ? 
  it 's a small sample size of rngesus working in mysterious ways, 
  question , do exotic engrams only drop stuff for your class , or is it like before and you can get warlock stuff if you 're a titan ? 
  why did bungie think this was a good idea that would n't be exploited in the first week ? 
  at least you still have 400, 
  but the legacy engram is a heavy this week, 
  this thread is bogus , op lied . 
  100 % sure ? 
  and yet my friend who did it found sniper shots dont even count . 
  both of you ca n't be right . 
  he had it equipped and went on a 5 kill streak with a sniper to start the match , and was still at 0 % . 
  he did the bounty , just took him a while . 
  he 's an elite player so i trust his info ... but it 's hard to argue with multiple people saying the opposite . 
  i 'll try for myself i guess . 
  clanmate spent a bundle trying to get a hawkmoon and only got dragon 's breaths, 
  because it 's wrong . 
  i was just watching slayer 's stream and he emphasized they dont stack . 
  and he had just got like 20 engrams . 
  oh thank god i still have time, 
  oh well , pair it with dragon 's breath for good times, 
  duh , you guys didnt know this ? 
  since the patch, 
  it 's a farming exploit . 
  of course it 's cheesing , dont be ridiculous . 
  sure, 
  but that 's not exploiting the game , this is exploiting something they clearly messed up on , making it cheesier than simple wipe farming, 
  they clearly did n't since they announced they are removing it because they messed up . 
  of course it 's cheesing . 
  by that logic sniping phogoth through the door is n't cheesing and using icebreakers on oracles is n't cheesing . 
  whatever , coulda done the same if i was unemployed and could play destiny all day pfft, 
  15-30 min cooldown and make it strike bosses instead of ultras, 
  then it would be perfect, 
  the only problem with this thing was that it included low-level story mode ultras , thats when the farming kicked in, 
  my buddy spent 100 coins on dragon 's breaths, 
  did you not read the clear description saying to do it in a fireteam ? 
  lol, 
  and yet it is necessary, 
  look . 
  op said its not possible , i just pointed out that bungie has a notice recommending a fireteam . 
  obviously it 's possible without them , its just a general guideline and op has no right to explain since it was spelled out for him as a warning . 
  ice breakers against oracles is avoiding the mechanics . 
  $ 40 for dlc !? 
  bungie is taking our wallets !, 
  bungie just reskinned your wallet and sold it back to you / s, 
  it is . 
  this is 2.0 . 
  the sequel . 
  it likely wont be called `` destiny 2 '' though , itll just be another expansion . 
  a big one . 
  destiny is following the mmo formula . 
  you 're the one speculating though . 
  eveything they have said has been about progression and a 10 year plan and carrying our characters forward and backwards in a continuous world . 
  at no point have they suggested they would reset everything with a finite sequel format . 
  well , that 's why they took icebreaker out of the game , because it was highly conducive to cheese tactics . 
   destiny is being massively pulled back by older gen consoles and i do n't think they would release an expansion dlc just for one generation, 
  there wont be any future games made for those consoles , though . 
   i highly doubt they would pass of the opportunity to charge people $ 60 for a new game . 
  you can still charge $ 60 without rebooting the franchise . 
  and remember , there are small dlc packs in between , so destiny 1 could end up being $ 180 in the end . 
  they can do all of that without rebooting the franchise . 
  you just cut off support , easy . 
  they cut off support for everyone who does n't buy the new expansions anyway .
