i respect his eye for details and his unflinching approach to issues which are not always talked about plainly by politicians . 
  i am able to disagree with him on things while respecting his opinion - because shock horror , there are usually two sides to issues . 
  he has opinions and he does n't usually shrink from sharing his . 
  so yeah , i 'd agree with that actually . 
  easier to just ask the question , ` who are the decent british politicians at the moment ? ', 
  it is a characterless wasteland of asphalt and superfluous infrastructure . 
  it is impossible to take a journey by foot to anywhere you might genuinely need to go . 
  there is not one single building in the entire town that could be called aesthetically pleasing or otherwise beautiful for its own sake . 
  tiny identikit apartments overlook car parks , bland offices , car dealerships and other identikit houses . 
  what is more , for a city designed around the car it is one of the most confusing places to drive in the whole country . 
  withnail and i. 
  and we succeeded . 
  our colonial influence formed the foundation for a food system based on international trade and commodity markets able to exploit the comparative advantage of sunnier climates . 
  it took a while and a few generations of immigration , but now our food no longer tastes terrible . 
  yes , i live near to highest section of canal in england and there are four reservoirs within walking distance that provide drinking water to the region . 
  we 're very fortunate to have such a quality supply . 
  it 's the way it 's done . 
  i think this video gets it spot on : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy4qjmkzf1c, 
  well then , i 'd give it ten minutes if i was you . 
  i would n't fly there , i 'm not shrek . 
  i 'm a hills & mountains kinda guy . 
  i related to donkey . 
   i like that boulder . 
  that is a * nice * boulder . '', 
  on the other hand , if marvin the paranoid android were to be invented i 'd expect it to happen here . 
  that britons are universally polite , posh , work in london and spend our weekends drinking tea inside our ancestral manor houses in the universally bucolic countryside . 
  it 's a swamp . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with this anymore . 
  the idea that tolerance is an indelible british value simply does not reflect reality . 
  outwardly it may be more constrained than in some countries ( and we do have strong laws against hate crimes ) but in private and politically i think this country has a significant problem with intolerance . 
  i certainly do not agree that views on the government are nuanced . 
  i was in the town of my birth today and felt so depressed about the state of it . 
  it 's a pretty typical large british town ; overdeveloped but vacant buildings all over , many areas feel if not impoverished then dilapidated and uncared for , identikit high street , totally absent of character , shitty semi detached houses lining main roads and more pathetic little box estates ( sorry , * affordable housing * ) every year . 
  it is a place i could not feel proud to live in . 
  if you consider our press , the results of the indyref & euref and you speak to older people or those in areas of deprivation , it 's pretty clear our values can not be generalised as ` cosmopolitan . ', 
  depressing history , rubbish books , weird people and gorgeous architecture . 
  glad it is possible to navigate daily life with minimal religious bullshit . 
  i have a suspicion that it might all turn out to be largely okay . 
  a tourist friend brought one home in their hold luggage !, 
  i 'm from the uk , yes . 
  that 's impressive that it 's not even your region . 
  i 've been interested in spain ever since i read ' i walked out one midsummer morning ' by ... a man, 
  thank you so much for passionately evincing just how unmissable your region truly is . 
  i 've long wanted to explore portugal but you have revealed a neighbouring part of spain i knew absolutely nothing about . 
  thank you for taking the time and for making my night !, 
  i had to google that , galicia is that region north of portugal . 
  interesting . 
  is the landscape as beautiful as the baking ? 
  should i visit ? 
  since spain is made of autonomous regions , perhaps it 's a bit of a minefield describing anything as ` spanish ' . 
  that is exactly the one !, 
  mmmmmm look at it , what a beauty . 
  served with warm nutmeg scented cream ... 
  one of those dense and moist spanish almond cakes , so i can cut a slice for dessert each evening . 
  i also have a glut of apples to use , so i 'll be baking some whole , baking some into a big cinammon spiced and nutty cake and adding them into salads with bacon and red cabbage . 
  i also have a craving for freshly baked american-style cookies . 
  large ones with chocolate chips and pecan nuts that stay a little soft in the centre . 
  and bread-baking , it 's suddenly that time of year when i want to wake up and head downstairs to put the previous evening 's bread dough into bake . 
  nothing lends an appetite like the smell of baking bread . 
  holy shit , there 's an entire house boarded up !, 
  who boards up the walls of their house !, 
  scotland is arguably closer to separation from the uk after brexit than it was before . 
  nicola sturgeon is determined to play the disunity over the vote to force a second independence referendum ( they only just held one , narrowly lost , a year ago ! ), 
  i hope they do n't , there is a pretty clear economic case for remaining in the uk union, 
  idioms . 
  my personal favourite is `` knock yourself out '', 
  it would solve all kinds of problems , providing temporary security for people who have no place to go , allowing them to train in a skill , learn european languages , improve their chances of gaining permanent residence in an eu country , if that 's what they want to do . 
  no , the situation is not bad where i am , but the current system is clearly not working effectively in certain european countries . 
  i certainly do n't think the policy as it stands is remotely future-proof . 
  for the cost of some cheap and cheerful housing and workspaces , classrooms , health centre etc - is that not better than desperate immigrants hitch-hiking all over the continent , trapped at borders living in makeshift tents , imprisoned in asylum centres , forced to beg , borrow , steal or be exploited working underground jobs just to feed themselves , taking years , perhaps generations to integrate ? 
  if you were an immigrant , would you not jump at the chance to live on a well organised campus that provides you with everything you need in the interim ? 
  would it not be the ideal means to process asylum claims , by stipulating that applicants must have skills , language , be in good health and have a plan for their future in europe ? 
  and to redeem a voucher of money upon successful application , join a programme of work organised by the eu upon arrival . 
  i 'm not talking about building an auschwitz , but a mutually beneficial way of organising people who would otherwise be in a desperate situation . 
  i think the entire approach to asylum should be changed , considering that european immigration from africa & elsewhere is likely to remain high in the future . 
  rather than committing to integrate those wanting asylum , determine these people 's immediate futures through a continent-wide work programme . 
  set up organised barracks across europe and in exchange for accommodation , security , food and education , build a force of organised labour . 
  thousands of refugees working to plant trees , resurface roads , handle waste and recycling , join skilled construction teams on major projects , manufacture essential items for aid shipments to those still living in the third world , be trained in medicine , engineering , agriculture ... should the goal not be to equip these people with the skills they need to return home and rebuild their lives , create a prosperous future for their families ? 
  why not attempt to harness the ingenuity and drive of refugees in a mutually beneficial way ? 
  it would certainly be better than sprawling , stinking camps like calais , or city suburbs gradually deteriorating into ghettos . 
  maybe europe is just not ready to stomach the idea of ` work camps ' , maybe it 's still ` too soon ' . 
  but i feel that the attitude of people here is not against helping those in need , but the policy of integration has arguably failed . 
  there should be an alternative . 
  can anybody offer an opinion on reykjavik , or iceland in general over the holiday period ? 
  maintaining a liberal and compassionate social outlook in the face of populism , nationalism , intolerance and protectionism . 
  we simply do not drive as far , or as frequently . 
  this is both a life choice and the fact that we do n't need to . 
  our countries are small and our employment and services are de-centralised . 
  i deliberated over spending 2 and a half hours in the car to get to a 2 hour tutorial last week . 
  my family recommened i not go . 
  `` it 's too far '' . 
  it was in essex , which is literally the neighbouring county . 
  we tend to deliberately take jobs that are local to us . 
  we hate commuting in europe . 
  hate it . 
  that goes for public transport too . 
  i have a job seven minutes away from where i live . 
  it 's a dead end job , but the savings and the stressfree commute means it 's worth it , for me . 
  travelling by car is quite stressful in europe . 
  before setting out somewhere , you need to know where you will park and how much it will cost .
