  if it was about crime , they 'd be focused on punishing people who use firearms to commit crimes or assist in straw purchasing . 
  instead , they 're simply out to ban guns ; after all , it 's worked out wonderfully in mexico ( for the cartels ) . 
  to be fair , both could be true at the same time . 
  especially when you consider that the russian military is effectively two separate forces ; one is a highly capable and modern force that strongly resembles european and american military organizational models , and the other is more or less skeletal formations running on life support and routinely suffering accidents from shoddy maintenance and infrequent training . 
  akp party members and their family members can fill the new jobs ; since allegations that erdogan is corrupt are merely a baseless attempt to overthrow the government , you have nothing to worry about . 
  remember , corruption investigations of erdogan and the akp are actually terrorist attacks on turkey 's democracy ; more specifically , its democratic right to have no other leader than erdogan , for as long as erdogan lives . 
  as an american who is quite critical of russia 's aggression towards its neighbors , i really do n't see an issue with this . 
  it 's slightly interesting , but that is about it . 
  the russian military is generally only good for fighting the armed forces of countries that are poorer and smaller versions of itself . 
  at any rate , russia 's deployment of its forces so close to the us only exposes their usual routine of accusing people of things that russia is doing or plans to do . 
  * america is the land of the free , not the land of those who flee . 
  if you come to our land and you 're not white , healthy , and strong ; you 'd best be moving right along . 
  * probably something like that , the united states has always had this kind of friction wrought relationship with labor needs vs the arrival of those who are different . 
  slaves , irish , italians , eastern europeans , chinese , and now mexicans have all been greeted with a degree of hostility by those workers who they displace . 
  eventually they 'll assimilate and complain about the next group of new arrivals ; it 's the american way . 
  because they 're weak ; france has n't had a strong and decisive leader for a long time . 
  it does n't take a genius to see that the eu project requires neighbors to look out for each other , yet france tolerates this population of migrants who are literally tearing the eu apart . 
  if france was so against brexit and for keeping the eu together , all they had to do was send in the army with tanks to calais to destroy the camps and arrest everyone trying to sneak into the uk . 
  if these people want to claim asylum in france , they are free to do so . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  if they are rejected , they need to leave . 
  if they do n't leave , they need to be imprisoned . 
  likewise , if they 're in france illegally they should be imprisoned - that includes the people in the calais `` jungle '' . 
  the fact that the jungle exists at all is a testament to weak leadership and a lack of vision . 
  the french would not like if the spanish tolerated millions of criminals dwelling on the spanish border waiting for a good opportunity to rush into france to commit crime , right ? 
  likewise the french should be good neighbors , and put an end to the jungle . 
  instead , the government has given them services and allowed it to expand into a semi-permanent staging area for illegal entry into britain . 
  the people in the jungle need to have 3 choices ; leave france , apply for asylum , or face arrest and imprisonment . 
  france has plenty of uninhabited islands in the atlantic , building a prison there and put these people to work making big rocks into smaller rocks would go a long way to dealing with the migrants . 
  if it was clear that those migrants who broke french law would spend a decade on an island doing hard labor , these people would quickly develop a respect for french law and cease riding roughshod over france . 
  what would russia have to gain by signing a non-aggression pact with hitler ? 
  this was a man whose manifesto ( which he had been following almost to the letter for several years ) called for extermination of the slavs and settlement of russia with germans . 
  russia has made plenty of terrible decisions that were entirely predictable , but that is what happens when any country is run by a small group of people accountable to no one . 
  if you believe that russia would n't invade europe , you need only look at the example of ukraine ; russia has turned the ukrainians against russia for at least a generation , and what has it gained ? 
  a crimea that is still poor ( arguably poorer now than under ukraine , but that is debatable ) , and two wrecked cities that offer russia nothing . 
  all of that , in exchange for ukraine now firmly seeing russia as its enemy and nato being reinvigorated . 
  russia 's army is n't the same army of ww2 , where people had literally no choice but to die with the only possibility of survival coming through victory . 
  the fact that the soviets withdrew from afghanistan with a mere 10,000 casualties should dispel the myth of a russian willingness to endure to the last man . 
  the same was the case in the first chechen war , when russia lost a mere 5,000 soldiers before it withdrew . 
  history tells a very clear story : when the russians are n't literally faced with extermination , they do n't fight to the last man . 
  say what you want about nato , but a bunch of liberal democracies are n't exactly the kind of government that engages in genocide . 
  norway does n't have thousands of kilometers of shared border with russia , whereas a nato that contains finland put russia 's northern fleet within a day 's drive of nato armor . 
  that is n't to say that norway is n't an important part of nato , but that finland offers nato something truly special in terms of an advantage against russian aggression . 
  they 've curtailed terrorist attacks via a campaign of targeted killing in russia 's southern regions , surveillance is n't as effective as special forces striking anything that looks suspicious ( and ignoring any cases of bad intel ) . 
  actually arresting people after investigating them is a long and resource demanding process , whereas sending in a special forces raid after getting a tip from local informants is a lot cheaper . 
  the moment the russian military stops killing these people , there 's going to be a great deal of anger in the region . 
  is that kind of endless warfare , killing because it 's cheaper than the courts tactics , and ethnic profiling something that you want for your country ? 
  after all , europeans widely denounced donald trump for his comments on banning muslim entry with a particularly strong condemnation coming from the united kingdom . 
  russia 's policy goes far beyond anything that trump has suggested . 
  if you 're interested in that , just be aware that russian security policy is rarely compatible with european sensibilities on human rights . 
  actually , finnish membership in nato would probably be the end of russia 's ability to actually defend itself from a nato conventional attack . 
  before you say `` they 're too small to be much help '' , hear me out . 
  the great advantage of finland is n't its endless armies of soldiers , but rather its excellent position . 
  the finnish border with russia is so large that it effectively would allow nato to encircle moscow . 
  russia only has about 200,000 soldiers , and having to be ready to counter a nato rush of forces into finland would literally stretch the russian military to its breaking point . 
  if finland is part of nato , the amount of space that the russians now have to worry about just expanded exponentially given that the russian artic and northern fleet have also simultaneously become within nato striking distance . 
  right now the only nato-russian border is the narrow corridor of the baltics . 
  with finland in nato , russia is put on the back foot as nato forces can flank any russian offensive towards the core of europe . 
  governments that are supportive of russia tend to be inherently unpopular , given the fact that russia has a long history of brutality towards its neighbors and an unwillingness to try to mend relations . 
  coupled with the fact that they tend to be oligarchies , they do a fine job of fostering resentment all by themselves . 
  the only effect that ngos might plausibly have on the situation would be that opposition takes the form of protests rather than insurgencies . 
  as for trying to secure the eu 's energy needs , the united states has already been doing that . 
  it 's why a us carrier is always in the persian gulf . 
  the united states meets nearly all of its domestic energy needs through domestic sources and it has venezuela nearby if it needs oil in a pinch , guarding the flow of saudi oil is something that benefits europe and asia . 
  building a pipeline across the caucasus is n't realistic , simply because there is no need to do so . 
  if the united states wanted to provide the eu with a secure energy source , building a pipeline along russia 's most volatile stretch of southern border is literally the worst way to do it . 
  it 's far more secure to move oil across the atlantic ( terrorists do n't have a navy , and the russians ca n't threaten oil tankers in the atlantic with the same amount of deniability as they could threaten a pipeline built across central asia ) . 
  a color revolution is n't a coup . 
  generally speaking , a coup is going to bed , waking up to the sounds of tanks driving through the streets in the middle of the night , and having a new president by morning . 
  coups are perpetrated by small groups of people , they are n't mass protest movements . 
  the color revolutions were n't coups , they were people being fed up with their corrupt authoritarian leaders . 
  you see the same thing in virtually every country where there is inequality , including the united states . 
  are you saying that the cia is trying to overthrow the united states government by organizing protests against economic inequality ? 
  erdogan may be an unpleasant individual , but the united states has supported far worse leaders in far less strategically valuable countries . 
  the idea that it would try overthrow him flies in the face of history : the united states has used coups to achieve its goals , but there are no such goals in turkey . 
  since the fall of communism , the united states has n't used coups to achieve its goals . 
  there is literally no reason why the united states would carry out a coup in turkey . 
  as unpleasant as erdogan is , if netanyahu is still around then you can rest assured that being an arrogant asshole is not something that gets a leader put onto washington 's hit list . 
  what reason could motivate the united states to try to overthrow a politically secure ally in a strategic country , who is also staunchly anti-assad ? 
  turkey is a strategically valuable ally , to the point where multiple presidents have refrained from recognizing the armenian genocide ( despite the fact that the word genocide was created to recognize the phenomenon that occured to the armenians ) . 
  do you really believe that the same country that would go so far to avoid antagonizing turkey would launch a coup because it did n't like erdogan personally ? 
  the gulen movement is basically an ngo espousing a turkish form of islam , with an emphasis on islam coexisting with non-muslims in a manner not too different from how the ottoman empire was a mosaic of different peoples coexisting ( at least , in good times ) . 
  gulen 's movement is religious , but reformist ; it appeals to many turks who want the quality of life in europe but are put off by the hard secularism of the kemalists . 
  gulen and erdogan were allies , until the judiciary started to investigate erdogan 's son and several key officials for corruption . 
  erdogan denounced it as a civilian coup and has tried to suppress the gulen movement ever since . 
  tl : dr - unless you believe that erdogan is not corrupt , be highly suspect about anyone who agrees with erdogan on the gulen movement . 
  in kosovo , serbia had literally attempted to exterminate the muslim population with extreme cruelty . 
  it was n't a `` all the muslims have to go now , or die '' situation , because that would have been more merciful than the actual serbian conduct of the conflict . 
  the serbians had rape camps ; if they were simply trying to remove/relocate/etc the ethnic albanian population , it would make no sense to devote any amount of personnel and resources to run rape camps . 
  the situation in kosovo was akin to making an abused person remain married to their abuser , fully aware that the potential for an even more violent case of abuse remained possible . 
  the serbian government had nearly a decade to try to reconcile with kosovo , but it did n't . 
  most people are supportive of the integrity of the state , but serbia took that notion for granted and made little effort to try to reintegrate kosovo . 
  a country has to try to serve all of its citizens , but the serbians simply expected the fact that kosovo was theirs on a map to be sufficient to keep kosovo . 
  as for russia , if it truly believed that kosovo 's independence was such an illegal act - it would n't have committed similar acts repeatedly . 
  if your neighbor commits a murder , it does n't mean that you can now become a serial killer without consequence . 
  by february 6th , 2000 as grozny was more or less captured - the russian flag had been raised , russian forces had sealed off the city , and chechen resistance was reduced to hold outs - putin announced that military operations had come to an end , and a military parade was held on february 21st to celebrate the victory of russian forces . 
  this was basically putin 's `` mission accomplished '' speech to declare victory , in the same way that bush 's `` mission accomplished '' speech declared victory in iraq . 
  both wars would have an enduring insurgency , but leaders have never let inconvenient realities get in the way of declaring victory and reaping the benefits . 
  corbyn totally is n't a soviet sympathizer/agent ; it 's just a total coincidence that he has never found any fault with vladmir putin ( even when putin does things that corbyn has criticized other leaders for in the past ) and always seems to advocate policies that just happen to suit russia perfectly . 
  how people could vote for this man with a straight face is beyond me ; sure he 'll give people increased welfare , right up until foreign fascists land their soldiers unopposed , plunder the county bare , and enslave the british people in work camps .
