  there are many people who believe that they 'll get title and deed ( aka legal ownership ) to a home or a farm upon arriving as opposed to simply receiving a place to stay . 
  it 's a similar situation with education . 
  a lot of people do n't understand that free education is often things like vocational training as opposed to things like medical school . 
  you have people who see free education and do n't bother to notice that the government wo n't pay for your education if you do poorly on appititude examinations . 
  imagine the greatest place to live in the world , and you 're getting close to what many of these people expect to find at the end of their journey . 
  it 's why many are now headed to sweden after arriving in germany . 
   german officials say the step was meant to simplify bureaucratic procedures because the dublin system had failed to stem the flow of refugees to germany . 
  yet they also acknowledge that they did n't expect the decision to unleash such a massive influx . 
  you have people all over the world who see nothing but images of a clean , incredibly generous , prosperous , and peaceful germany . 
  it 's not too hard to figure out that hundreds of millions of people in asia and africa would like to live in such a place . 
  that attraction is compounded by myths and exaggerations about life in europe - free cars/homes/education , nobody has to work , tons of gorgeous women who ca n't get enough sex , etc. 
  as naive as immigrants might be about some things , they 're not stupid . 
  they can see that germany ca n't keep track of who is coming into the country and that right now is the best time to try to get into what they believe is a paradise . 
  pakistanis , iraqis , and who knows who else ( i would n't be surprised if we started to see chinese and russians soon ) are now coming to germany because merkel effectively created an autobahn from the european union 's borders into the center of europe ; from germany , they can roam the european union . 
  so here 's a silly question from someone who does n't live in europe . 
  *** why does n't the eu negotiate for gas prices as a whole ? 
  *** as in , all eu members pay the same price for gas . 
  different countries would still pay for the gas they used , but the eu would be able to strike a better deal bargaining collectively . 
  the current model looks a lot like non-union workers trying to get better pay , it 's not effective . 
  negotiating collectively benefits even the most productive economy ( germany ) more than a one on one basis because the highly productive economy now has 100 % of the eu market to use as leverage in negotiations instead of something like 30 % . 
  assad 's father killed tens of thousands of people during his own rule . 
  syria under the assad family has been anything but fine . . 
  does anyone really believe that any significant amount of people are going to return to a syria where assad is in power ? 
  he 's killed more people than anyone else with his barrel bombs and death squads . 
  assad 's government is based on his ethnic group ( along with a few other minority groups ) ruling over a sunni population . 
  there 's no incentive for sunni refugees to return to being an underclass . 
  all of the countries in europe calling for negotiations with assad are those who have no involvement in syria . 
   is fighting both assad and isis feasible ? 
  yes , especially since assad is far weaker than he was 8 months ago . 
  the last year has been pretty hard on his army , with several regions being less willing to give up men to fight in areas far from where they live - that sort of doubt by his own supporters has compounded his losses . 
  technically , we 're already fighting isis and the regime . 
   could the free syrian army or some similar force really bring stability to the region ? 
  yes , namely by providing a ready made replacement government for syria in the event that the united states and europe remove assad . 
  assad 's government is based on a coalition of ethnic minorities ruling over a sunni supermajority , which makes it inherently unstable . 
  a syrian democratic government would be far better suited to restore stability to the region as well as bring refugees outside syria back - few sunnis are going to be eager to live under assad or isis . 
  we have n't actually , we tried it briefly during the 90s but stopped when marines shot a us citizen living on one of the border communities ; did n't help that the us citizen was 17 either . 
  national guard units occasionally are deployed to the border , but that is on a state by state basis ( governors command the national guard most of the time ) and they never stay for very long . 
  we do have a very strong civilian law enforcement presence on the border though . 
  as for our immigrant issue , we 're not that concerned about them . 
  it 's an issue , but it 's not like we ca n't absorb them - we 're a nation of 320 million people , with an unparalleled ability to integrate immigrants into our societies . 
  if we really wanted to stop all illegal immigration , we could ; some people ( such as us businesses ) want essentially unrestricted immigration or at least a guest worker program in the event of tighter border security . 
  at any rate , it 's generally agreed that about 40 % of our illegal immigrants are people who overstay their visas . 
  we kicked isis around every day of the week they wanted to mess with us while we occupied iraq , isis may have been born during the iraq war but it certainly never rose very high before our boots drove it straight back into the ground . 
  when we left iraq , the insurgency was at a modest level - there were car bombs and gun battles , but there was a government that and order - with sunni militiamen keeping the north secured , kurds building infrastructure in the north east , and the shite fundamentalists absorbed into the government . 
  that all changed when within days of our departure - maliki stopped paying the sunnis , tried to arrest various kurdish politicians ( including a vice president , who fled the country ) , and ramped up sectarian tensions . 
  but hey , we were n't going to annex iraq and eventually it was up to them to run their country , a shame they had to make a mess before they started to realize the necessity of sacrifices for unity . 
  as for this immigration mess ; europe did n't go along with the united states on syria . 
  we wanted assad out and a democracy in , instead europe balked at a us invasion and we have a grinding war that has no end in sight . 
  the arrangement after the collapse of the soviet union was simple : in exchange for rubber stamping us military operations and diplomatic initiatives regarding the rest of the world , europe got to build its utopian society by allocating funds from its military into social programs , with us forces providing external security . 
  as long as europe has our back , we 'll protect europe from the rest of the world 's problems . 
  it 'd be great if the world was full of countries that were essentially demilitarized , democratic , and highly developed . 
  unfortunately , it 's not . 
  much of the world is poor , violent , and unjust . 
  because of that fact of life , the united states has to topple dictators ( or those unfortunate democracies that would assist dictators ) every now and then to keep things stable . 
  when europe decided not to back our plans in syria , things got messy . 
  what did you expect would happen without american troops rolling in to crush assad ? 
  did you think people would suddenly forget that assad 's goons dragged people out of the hospital and killed them ? 
  europe did n't want to say `` america we do n't understand what you 're doing , but you have our diplomatic support 100 % as long as we get to keep our socialist paradise '' , so europe gets to deal with the result of its failure to back us up on intervention in syria . 
  a lot of people bought into russian propaganda ( vladmir putin even took out an op ed in the new york times ) , this is what happens you choose something russia wants over what the united states wants . 
  let that sink in for a moment , europe agreed with the kremlin rather than the white house . . 
  this generous and liberal society that you 've built is a wonderful thing , but it 's dependent on an arrangement that a good number of europeans are ignorant of . 
  you help us , we help you . 
  you did n't help us on syria , so you do n't get help with syria from us . 
  you do n't get to have our help while stabbing us in the back . 
  we do n't have a proxy war in ukraine , we have the russians killing people who want freedom and a president who refuses to show the russians that if they want a shooting war then we 'll be happy to give them the gulf war treatment - kill them by the thousands in the fields , on the roads , and in their bunkers and let their glorious leader try to explain the footage of russians surrendering in masses . 
  you do n't coddle a dictator , especially not one who is n't content to hide in his hole . 
  every dictator is living on borrowed time , but the ones who do n't know it need to be reminded of that . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a war if it 's fought against a tyrant , particularly one who thinks he can invade neighboring countries as he pleases . 
  a syria with assad at the helm is still going to be a syria with millions of refugees fleeing to europe . 
  a lot of people seem to forget that assad was killing unarmed demonstrators , which is how a protest turned into a civil war . 
  no sunni is going to be eager to return to syria under assad ; it 's pretty obvious what 's in store for syria 's sunnis if assad does prevail . 
  there is a third option : intervene in syria and give the refugees a safe place to return to . 
  you 'd intervene with a goal of a establishing a democratic and temporarily demilitarized syria . 
  assad 's army is in tatters , isis is universally hated , and plenty of syrians would welcome an end to the war that does n't include reprisals ( the sunnis expect the minorities to kill them all if they will and vice versa ) . 
  it 's not a peaceful or cheap solution , but it 's one that would end the syrian refugee flow almost completely . 
  one of the biggest reasons why so many syrians are leaving the camps for europe now is because they see no end in sight to the war . 
  nobody wants to raise their kids ( there are young children have never set in syria ) who in a refugee camp . 
  as long as syria is a war zone , europe is the destination of choice . 
  ending the war would take forces in gulf war style overwhelming force . 
  it would n't be cheap , but it would be fast and it would be without compromises to our shared values . 
  you can either solve syria 's problems in syria or you can solve syria 's problems in europe . 
  to paraphrase one american general : `` we 're over there , so they 're not over here '' . 
  if europe is unwilling to go to syria , syria will come to europe . 
  it 's not that it 's degrading to have help , only that it 's dangerous to be dependent on outside help ; a government that is powerful enough to give you everything you want is also powerful enough to take away everything you you have . 
  if the government wants to hand out free money , i have no problem with taking it but i 'm not going to expect it to happen . 
  we do pay taxes , despite what you may think . 
  we have a great military that is paid for by taxes , but we still keep that military at arms reach like most parts of the government . 
  you wo n't see too many military parades in the united states or soldiers on the street without a serious civil disturbance ( and even then , those are national guard units as opposed to regular soldiers ) . 
  the minimum amount of government necessary to get by is the best amount of government for us . 
  we are n't the soviet union , we 're not going to force anyone to have a government modeled exactly on our own . 
  if you want a welfare state , that 's up to you . 
  we 're pretty honest about our standard of living , not everyone dreams of a place where you rely on the government to provide for you . 
  anyone who wants to leave is more than able to do so . 
  as things stand , europe is n't being overrun by millions of american refugees eager for generous government assistance . 
  our dream is a nation where a man is n't held down by a government . 
  no kings or nobility to hold you down , no inherited titles to give a man some achievement by birth . 
  the american dream is a place where the government stays out of your way and respects that you know what 's best for you . 
  that might not be for everyone , but it 's worked out pretty well for us . 
  if you 're ambitious and tired of governments that are more interested in picking your pockets than protecting you , america is a good place for you . 
  the american dream was never a handout .
