  if an american raped a child in poland , was arrested , granted bail ( or placed under house arrest ) during the trial and then fled before his trial could be concluded ; would you be alright if the united states did n't return him to poland to face justice on the basis that poland 's legal system is different from that of the united states ? 
  but hey , if poland wants polanski so much , they can have him . 
  if poland wants an unapologetic child rapist roaming their streets with millions of dollars and a small army of aides to assist him with whatever he desires ( a scary thought for any child in poland ) , that 's up to the them . 
  i 'm not sure if i would call it siding with the united states so much as it adhering to established international law - a nation 's maritime borders are determined by its natural coastal lines , artificial islands have no territorial rights , uninhabited islands do have eez rights , and economic exclusive zone is 200 miles from the coast . 
  these are all accepted standards of international law . 
  china 's south china sea claims literally end on the beaches of malaysia if the 9 dash line means anything , over 3000km away from the southernmost stretch of the chinese mainland and thousands of km away from any inhabited islands . 
  the chinese government is mindful of its international image , and the european union is immensely important to them for that reason . 
  the scs issue is one area where american power and position works against the united states ; the chinese are prone to assuming that the united states operates similar to the kremlin - human rights and international law are tools for information warfare - given that they are next door to russia and compete with them on the india-pakistan sphere as well through disputes with vietnam . 
  the european union is something of a neutral party , as well as a place that most chinese hold in a relatively high regard . 
  because of that the involvement of the eu is a good development towards convincing china that the concern over its actions is n't just the propaganda of rivals , and it 's a step towards reduced tension . 
  there 's a long way to go , but the expanded involvement of the international community in an international issue is a good place to be . 
  it 's ridiculous how everytime that polanski is kept under house arrest while a court hears an extradition request , he refers to it as time served . 
  at one point he was in a swiss chalet , with servants to bring him anything he wanted and he had the gall to call it imprisonment . 
  even his actual 42 day stay in a mental health ward was considerably better than the places where most people accused of violent crimes ( and raping a child is a violent crime ) serve time before sentencing . 
  the five most serious charges against polanski had been dropped , and polanski 's lawyers would have simply appealed if the judge had rejected the prosecutor 's deal which was unlikely , given that the judge was telling polanski that after the case was over he should spend time in europe . 
  realistically polanski was looking at a slap on the wrist . 
  he chose to flee before his sentencing , he 's no different from any other child rapist who uses overly generous bail terms to avoid punishment . 
   fair if applied correctly . 
  and communism would n't keep resulting in famines if people would just do it right . 
  when no one is doing something in the `` correct '' manner , it 's time to look for alternatives . 
  the funny thing is , people who experienced colonialism firsthand knew that . 
  many muslims knew that sharia was n't any way to run a country , since sharia was one of the cornerstones of so many societies that had fallen behind and become too weak to resist colonialism . 
  it 's amazing how fast people can forget things . 
  if rferl was a genuine propaganda outlet , it would n't have reported on this at all . 
  when someone asks what the difference between russian state media and rferl is , rferl will report factual information even if that information may support the narrative of an entity that rferl is regularly in opposition to . 
  we all saw the integrity of the russian media on full display when mh17 was shot down ; conspiracy theories left and right for months , with ukrainians always being the culprit with the cia not too far behind . 
  unfortunately , fast food . 
  there 's hardly a country on earth that does n't have either a burger king , kfc , mcdonald 's , wendy 's , subway , starbucks or some other american fast food restaurant chain . 
  even north korea is getting in on the burger and fries action , albeit independently of the us brands . 
  one of the most perplexing things as an american is just how popular some of these places are . 
  the mcdonald 's on red square and the kfc directly across the street from the pyramids for example . 
  not quite , more like a less whiney/obnoxious version of western europe . 
  still has a social safety net and whatnot , but not dominated by people who have n't had to worry about war or external threats for a generation and now complain about american policies without realizing how easily things could be far worse . 
  if the poles do n't agree with some part of american policy , they leave america to its own devices - western europe on the other hand seems to offer endless critiques of us policy . 
  take syria for example ; if the germans or french want to help assad torture and kill every any syrian who dares question his absolute power , the united states is n't stopping them . 
  instead , you hear the germans trying to tell americans what their policy should be - not too different from what the germans try to do with the rest of europe - and it 's ridiculous . 
  sausages , alcohol , and catholicism . . 
  there 's a few reasons : * staunchly anti-communist . 
  * affordable cost of living . 
  * not populated by an abundance of first world anarchists . 
  * good and simple food . 
  * hard working . 
  * plenty of good german jokes . 
  * plenty of good russian jokes . 
  * not unrealistically enthusiastic about immigrants of the tribal society variety . 
  poland is the mexico of europe , but without an equivalent to the drug violence . 
  what 's not to love about that ? 
  poland , preferably eastern poland . . 
  it 's modern in terms of sexuality , you can tell that just by looking at what the woman wear in public . 
  separate housing for the genders is pretty standard stuff for most colleges for a number of reasons : * women feel safer . 
  * students of both genders are less distracted . 
  * easier to administer . 
  as for why traditional societies are the way they are , it 's important to remember that the vast majority of them are run by authoritarian governments that tend to suppress anything different or exceptional and that definitely includes sex - you would be hard pressed to find any dictatorship that encouraged public sexual expression . 
  it 's not as simple as a shortage of women , but an intense suppression of any kind of sexual expression or experience . 
  to get a wife you need to be able to afford one , to afford a wife you have to have a good job , to get a good job you need to be connected to the ruling party , to be connected to the ruling party you need to have family ties or dedicate decades of service to it . 
  so for the average young man , sexual experiences are largely out of reach or clandestine when they are available ; in the rare event that you do meet a girl , you have to hide the relationship . 
  because of that exclusion , a lot of men do n't develop healthy attitudes about women or sex . 
  india and the middle east have that problem , i do n't think that china is nearly as severe given that sexual expression is more or less as free as a typical european country . 
  getting a girlfriend might not be easy , but it 's still possible whereas a non-married couple in the middle east may be arrested for any number of indecency offenses . 
  only if you had an ounce of brains ; requiring your daughter 's husband to pay meant that she 'd probably avoid a poor husband and you 'd get something for your time and effort spent raising her . 
  in some cultures it was the other way around , with fathers paying to marry their daughters to men of good stock and well off families . 
  the communists are similar to the liberal democratic party , both are there for ceremonial purposes and generally vote in line with united russia . 
  actual opposition to putin is kept to a miniscule level of representation . 
  bills that appeal to popular sentiment ( foreigners bad , families good , russia is a superpower , america is in decline , no nude statues , etc ) have a very good chance of passing . 
  it 's not a statement of collective guilt or something along those lines , it 's an honest assessment of history . 
  the germans are saying `` the holocaust 's architects were german '' , merely repeating established facts . 
  it 's hardly any different from how the german government has treated any other forms of holocaust denial , particularly the somewhat subtle variety that tries to reduce the amount of german participation in the holocaust by focusing on the opaque areas of history . 
  some of the people in guantanomo are getting trials ss well and others have simply been released , but they 're not american citizens nor were they arrested on american territory . 
  with that in mind , they are n't necessarily entitled to the courts employed by the united states for criminal justice as the vast majority are unlawful combatants . 
  take a look at the guantanomo tribunals , they 're open to the media , the lawyers have been allowed to speak about the cases , and the rules of the courts are clear for anyone to see . 
  at any rate , there 's less than 1,000 people who have ever been detained there . 
  as for the game being rigged , it 's not . 
  take a look at the people who are booked into jails , the vast majority of them are people who made bad decisions . 
  if you have a decent lawyer , it 's not hard to get off since prosecutors do n't want to waste resources prosecuting someone who will take up time in court that could be used to process a dozen plea deals . 
  if you 're stupid , life suck no matter where you live . 
  those people actually got trials , with evidence and lawyers , and they actually committed crimes . 
  you can argue about the penalties being fair , but the fact stands that everyone in us prisons had access to legal counsel and a non-political trial . 
  take a look at china on the other hand , and you have [ lawyers being put under house arrest without any process due to being too effective at defending the accused in court ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chen_guangcheng ) , [ people being arrested for subscribing to spiritualist movements ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falun_gong ) , and [ courts where the principle of the `` leadership of the communist party '' is equal to the law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judicial_system_of_china ) . 
  america may have a high incarceration rate , but that in and of itself is n't an indicator of human rights abuse . 
  the seychelles has a higher rate of incarceration than the united states , but i do n't see anyone accusing them of being the north korea of africa . 
  likewise , the central african republic has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the world , but experienced an anti-muslim campaign of violence as recently as this year . 
  it might not be allowed to join nato , for the same reason that the soviet union 's request to join nato was rebuffed . 
  after all , nato membership has to be approved unanimously and it 's not entirely unreasonable to suspect that russia may want to join nato to enable it to destroy nato from the inside out . 
  it 's like a village with several different families of nations . 
  the nordics , germanics , slavs , anglos , francophones , etc. 
  i 'm sure that the turks were saying similar things 4 years ago . 
  as things stand , germany is getting more people every day and unless merkel is about to build 1 million homes , any refugees who are moved out will likely be replaced by newer refugees . 
  they just happened to decide to `` save money '' at a time of rising unease about the size of the muslim population , and they just happened to pick one of the few meats that islamic dietary guidelines prohibit . 
  at any rate , poultry and fish are both almost universally cheaper than pork yet we have no examples of all chicken or all fish meals . . 
  if you seriously believe that the national front is n't intolerant , the world you live in must be a pretty nice place where practically nobody is intolerant . 
  it 's one thing to stand for a society where the state makes no endorsement of any religion , it 's a totally different matter to design legislation that is intended to harm people based on their religious beliefs . 
  french schools did not have pork only menus a few years ago , this whole situation came about in parallel with the rise of the national front and was designed from the onset to build a school environment that is hostile to muslim students . 
  there was no problem with chicken , beef , fish , or any other sorts of variety in meals a few years ago . 
  in fact , europeans were proudly showing off their school lunches . 
  people have a right to practice a religion of their choosing , and they have a right to expect their government not to create barriers where there is no threat to society . 
  keeping school lunches the way they were before le pen 's xenophobia became popular is n't asking for a lot . 
  can anyone seriously say that the pork only meal phenomenon is n't motivated by intolerance toward muslims ? 
  have you tried being honest about your reasons for being apprehensive ? 
  i 'm going to assume that like most swedes , you value human rights . 
  if you approach the subject from grounds that most swedes agree with , you might find the topic easier to discuss .
