  * the soviets worked with the weimar republic to assist it in rearming , allowing the germans to work inside russia far away from french and british inspections and in return germany would share some of its technology with the soviet union . 
  this cooperation is partly why a good number of soviet weapons in ww2 used german derived components , such as the ppsh-41 's interoperability with the german 7.62 pistol cartridge . 
  * in the 1920s , the soviets gained dominance over the rest of the world 's various communist parties , and began to use them to suit soviet national goals . 
  nowhere was this more apparent than in germany , where the german industrialists had bought stalin 's support in exchange for the right to buy weapons ( with cash , which is why the soviets exported virtually all of ukraine 's grain and had no surpluses when the famine occured ) and germany 's communists voted for measures supported by the fascists such as various rearming bills . 
  * the nazis temporarily suspended their longstanding work with the soviet union , partly out of a genuine antipathy towards communism and partly to play the role of the anticommunist bulwark that would soothe anxiety in the rest of europe . 
  it was n't long however before the nazis were back to cooperating with the soviets for materials needed to build up the tanks , aircraft , artillery , and submarines that the treaty of versailles had strictly prohibited . 
  * when the germans overran western europe , pravda celebrated the imminent demise of democracy as a step further to communism and various communist leaders in france did the soviet union 's bidding and did all they could to spread defeatism . 
  the soviets were the greatest source of foreign assistance to the third reich and its predecessors , and were instrumental in setting the stage for ww2 ; something that often gets left out of russian history books . 
  do n't forget about the shopping mall and grocery stores , tours of those places literally destroyed or shook the confidence of multiple soviet leaders in communism . 
  of course , now it 's just a matter of seeing how fast the eu actually goes through with actions . 
  given that the aid comes from the eu , it only takes one country run by ideological fanatics ( or someone willing to take bribes from african despots ) to derail eu action . 
  in terms of protectionism , germany retains a lot of the pre-eu measures designed to protect german industries . 
  one particular measure is that british financial services are very restricted in germany , and insurance from a british company is generally not available ; while its technically possible to get british insurance in germany , it 's not profitable due to regulations . 
  as for the russian deals , a lot of russian money has been going into various german companies and most notably a former german chancellor is on the board of directors for gazprom . 
   i 'm frankly amazed that france did n't string up everyone involved with the vichy coup . 
  to be fair , most of those who did n't hang met an end via assasination , firing squads , or at least served prison time . 
  the only vichy that remained relatively unscathed were those who were useful to the government for fighting the conflicts in indochina and algeria . 
  to be fair , our distance from europe allows us to overlook the negative aspects of various european countries . 
  if the vast majority of british people who americans encounter are those with the resources to travel to the united states , it 's easy to overlook the fact that chavs and other less pleasant people also exist . 
  likewise , not too many americans think of the germans as self-interested and greedy whereas that perception is somewhat more common in europe due to germany 's deals with russia , the way poorer eu members effectively function to keep germany 's products competitively priced abroad , and germany 's protectionism for various parts of its own economy while trying to remove similar protections in the rest of the eu . 
  fighter jets are n't as visible as american tanks , soldiers , or aircraft carriers ; people can see those things a lot easier than a fighter which lands at an air base far from the public eye . 
  ah , i was thinking of germany bringing in guest workers ( who liked germany so much that many stayed ) from turkey and other parts of europe 's periphery in the 50s and 60s . 
  it can happen easier than you think , france is already 9.6 % muslim . 
  imagine that muslims have twice as many kids than non-muslims , and add in immigrants , and perhaps some french emigration over muslim fears and it 's easy to imagine france being 25 % muslim within 30 years . 
  it can happen , israel saw its non-jewish minority go from 10 % to 20 % in a single generation . . muslims already have about 2.2 kids per family , compared to native europeans having about 1.5 kids per family . 
  add in muslim immigrants from less developed parts of the world , and the muslim family size could reach a much higher number ... 
  well obviously this must be true , it 's not like germany was a special case of a population needing immigrants to make up for war dead and a burgeoning post war market ... 
  apparently those with pro-immigration views are the only ones aware of tens of thousands of factories using 1960s era production methods ( no robots ) and a massive market demand for swedish made products ... 
  it 'll be collecting taxes , but only ones that are part of sharia . . 
  a deal made verbally , behind closed doors , and with vague conditions . 
  a deal that has no formal commitments is a deal that is n't likely to be kept ; it 's why treaties require both parties to sign and create verifiable evidence of such a commitment . 
  an official could promise russia the moon behind closed doors , but it 's irrelevant unless there is an actual agreement with russia , namely a signed ( and authorized by congress ) treaty . 
  given that russia has a long history of violating actual treaties , i think it 's hilarious that they complain about the other side not honoring a vague verbal promise . 
  technically , nato kept its promise to not add a single inch of eastern territory ; it added far more . 
  obviously the proper solution to crime is to place those found guilty of rape , murder , assault , human trafficking , and other serious offenses in college dormitories . 
  preferably the same dormitories reserved for non-whites that various minority advocacy groups have been calling for . 
  personally , i think that is a matter for egyptians to decide . 
  some people are quite happy with a military leader instead a fragmented political landscape that is ripe for the mb to take over , and others are not . 
  as an american , my view is that we 'll try to work with whoever the people choose , but some choices are obviously going to be easier to work with than others . 
  define destabilizing , because the middle east is responsible for a good amount of its own problems . 
  * in syria , it was the alawite minority that overthrew the government and established a highly unstable government based on the minority groups who were 20 % of the population exploiting the sunnis who are 80 % of the population . 
  it 's not too surprising that there has been a sunni uprising roughly every new generation . 
  * in egypt , the government has essentially been a military dictatorship since the 70s when egypt went through an assassination followed by an emergency powers law that never ended . 
  the united states was quite happy working with sadat , unfortunately a portion of egyptian society was not . . * the only country that the united states bombed in the last 30 years , has been saddam hussain 's iraq . 
  this is the same saddam hussain who launched a war of aggression upon iran , invaded kuwait , attacked saudi arabia , launched missiles at israel , and never saw an enemy he did n't want to use gas upon . 
  it takes a lot of mental gymnastics to believe that saddam hussain was keeping the middle east stable , but america was destabilizing it by finally removing him . 
  a lot of the middle east 's problems boil down to a simple pattern : someone ( usually a military officer ) seizes power from the elected government , and the people let him keep it . 
  until the people of the middle east grow a spine and stop cowering , they 're always going to have instability . 
  a dictatorship is powerless if soldiers refuse to obey , civil servants refuse to work , and people refuse to let themselves be enslaved . 
  same here in the united states . 
  protests used to be about making your position known , but lately it 's like they 're all about trying to suppress the other side ; it 's not enough to say that you disagree with them , you have to drive them out of town and keep them from speaking . 
  it 's disgusting , and it 's a step further to totalitarianism . 
  if people disagree that strongly with someone , the proper thing is to register to vote and educate and register their friends and family to vote as well . 
  protests that are essentially riots or assaults on political opponents are n't healthy for a democracy . 
   well they had their land stolen by white colonizers so why should they respect any white laws imposed on them ? 
  actually , the law is not `` white '' because whites have always been a minority on hawaii and every law in the last 70 years went through a legislative body that is not majority white . 
  the idea that people can be guilty of crimes based on their ancestry is not something that we do in the united states , and it 's not something that should be done anywhere . 
  even if you were going to do that , the people who organized the annexation of the hawaiian islands are unlikely to be direct ancestors of random white people who happen to live on hawaii now . 
  as for how dispossessed the people of hawaii are , they are full citizens of the united states and free to use legal means to create change . 
  people in hawaii can vote , hold office , and the fact is that they have done that in the past to improve their living - the thing is , the people doing that have been hawaii 's asians rather than its natives ; there 's a reason that japanese and chinese on hawaii tend to hold most of the wealth . . 
  when it comes to native hawaiians and hostility towards whites , it 's basically like this : they hate white people , for no other reason than them being the same color as the people who colonized hawaii . 
  they generally tend to be ignorant and violent , and their form of `` resistance '' usually involves acts of criminality ( such as theft and vandalism ) or outright violations of the civil right act ( such as denying services to white patrons in public businesses ) . 
  if they want to politically organize , that is fine and they are free to try to pursue their goals in a peaceful and lawful manner . 
  unfortunately , their goals tend to be limited to acts of thuggery and bigotry towards hawaii 's largest minority ( white people are a minority in hawaii , and have been for virtually of the island 's history ) . 
  the time to `` defend '' hawaii was over a century ago , the people who are beating up people for the color of their skin today are thugs and racists . . 
  in a further irony , the newly arrived russians are probably the sort of russians that latvian nationalists would like best ; ones with money to spend and invest and no issues expressing their relief at escaping the russia that vladmir putin has created and gratitude to be in latvia . 
  to be fair , iran extends far less liberty to its religious minorities in spite of islamic provisions for such things whereas britain extends virtually identical religious privileges to its religious minorities despite christian doctrine having no such provisions ; from a christian legal standpoint , there is nothing stopping them from treating islam as heresy . 
  the day that the british government actually starts to violently persecute people for not being christians is when comparisons to iran start to become valid . 
  britain has n't been comparable to iran in terms of religious tolerance for at least two centuries . 
  it 's also worth noting that the competition did n't exactly give us strengths much room to shine ; they tested navigation and shooting . 
  the abrams is designed largely around armor and a turbine engine to move quickly despite its heavy armor . 
  the leopard on the other hand is designed to be agile and mobile , and in a land navigation exercise its going to have an advantage . 
  that said , american tank crews have n't been training to fight other tanks for quite some time . 
  most us armor training has dealt with immediate threats at the time like guerrillas with rocket launchers , mines , and urban combat in iraq and afghanistan . 
  there just has n't been a strong reason for the us to upgrade its tank vs tank capabilities over the last decade , especially when there 's an active war that is competing for resources . 
  because nothing makes it easier for the jews to control the world than a population where a large amount of the people are poor muslims from societies where jews are essentially fair game ? 
  i realize blaming the jews is a tradition for these people , but there 's only so far that even one can stretch the scapegoating . . 
  there are simply things in islam that are not subject to debate , because mohammed 's personal conduct established those things as good . 
  if mohammed was never wrong , then there 's only so much selective reading of the quran that even the most liberal muslim scholars can do , and that is easily undone when muslims have no incentive to coexist - islam is about submission , not mercy . 
  * mohammed had a career as a raider after his initial expulsion from medina , and because of this it 's not possible in islam to say that violence against one 's political enemies as well as violence as a means of living is wrong . 
  * mohammed condoned the practice of slavery , and while one can argue that he was against it the bottom line is that he did not destroy it the same way that he destroyed the idols or even his jewish tribal opponents . 
  because of this , islam 's ability to ban slavery is very limited . 
  virtually every muslim dominated state prior to the 19th century had slavery , right up until growing european military might put an end to the practice . 
  * in islam , mohammed is righteous as being god 's prophet means that he is right unless he admits to a mistake . 
  merely suggesting that mohammed was mistaken or even alluding ro it ( as salman rushdie did ) is not permitted by muslims . 
  jesus 's personal conduct by comparison , gives practically no examples where violence is endorsed as righteous . 
  in the single case where is violent towards people , he does not kill them . 
  christians who want to follow jesus 's example will feed the hungry , wash the lepers , and other acts of mercy . 
  islam and christianity both see their respective central figure as someone who is righteous in almost every way . 
  the issue is how much of the personal conduct of those individuals is incompatible with modern life . 
  correct , on both accounts . 
  * islam seeks to establish itself as the only religion upon the earth , or at least the dominant religion . 
  several passages in the quran repeatedly make statements that a state of existence without unbelievers is ideal . 
  if all the unbelievers are killed or converted , future generations will know only islam . 
  in this way , it 's not too hard to see how islam strives for worldly domination . 
  * christianity by and large , is the testament of jesus of nazareth . 
  while jesus did tell his followers to preach his teachings to anyone who would receive them , he was clear that the coming kingdom was not of this earth and in no way did he endorse violence as a means for spreading his teachings . 
  the problem with islam is that it is unable to change , and that its existing tenets are so alien to modern values that the more pious a muslim is the more likely they 'll turn to savagery . 
  the bottom line is that just by looking at the personal actions of jesus and mohammad , it 's obvious that one of them had a radical message for his time and the other was merely a successful warlord . 
  i am not sure any of our allies are anywhere near as blatantly bloodthirsty as the azeris are when it comes to their armenian neighbors .
