  the only way to curb the russian enthusiasm for war is to deliver them humiliation , defeat , and utter destruction whenever and wherever they challenge the existing security of europe . 
  in 1945 , the world said * never again * after witnessing the horrors that had befallen europe ; it 's important to remember that hitler had a partner in unleashing the hell that engulfed europe . 
  the united states does not want war and its european allies do not want war , but they understand that pacifism will not protect liberty and prosperity from the evils of a voracious tyrant . 
  the kremlin has shown itself to be without principles time and time again , it has used its economic ties to europe as weapons of a militarized foreign policy rather than as instruments of peaceful cooperation and development , and it has shown the world beyond a shadow of a doubt its utter contempt for human life with its particularly brutal crackdown on its own citizens . 
  we made the mistake 20 years ago of going easy on the russians , giving them aid without making them acknowledge the soviet crimes in full . 
  that lack of strength has come back to haunt the world as a kgb officer now sits in the kremlin . 
  for there to be a future with russia , there can be no compromises on facts that are unpleasant to russia 's sanitized version of reality . 
  russia must be brought to acknowledge the past for their to be any movement towards better ties . 
  anything else is essentially rewarding russia for telling lies and falsehoods , which it knows to be lies and falsehoods . 
  vladimir putin sanctioned europe , let him come before the eu parliament and admit his failures personally . 
  for far too long he has been able to avoid any humiliation ; it is time that the kremlin became reacquainted with it . 
  only when the kremlin learns humility will there be any prospects for a better future , any other course of action is essentially no different than empowering a rogue state . 
  that was in part due to the large amount of french people who were communists at the time ( communists being a very large part of the french resistance ) as well as the fact that france was occupied and nazi propaganda aimed at recruiting frenchmen for the `` fight against bolshevism '' also had the effect of giving the soviet union an overstated importance in the minds of most french people . 
   and as he foresaw , it was the russians who did the most to help us win the war . 
  he seems to forget that pravda was predicting ( gloating would be a good way to describe it ) the demise of democracy in britain and europe , until hitler decided to invade the soviet union . 
  he also seems to forget about lend-lease , which kept british ( and soviet , and free french , and everyone else ) supplied with food , fuel , and armaments . 
  the soviets did n't choose to help britain . . 
  it 's incredible that this sort of idiocy actually exists , what sort of history book is boris johnson reading out of ? 
  he was killing people who wanted free elections and were marching and staging sit ins to try to achieve that . 
  amnesty international did a report on the massive gulags he is operating if you do n't believe that he 's a brutal dictator ; his preferred method of extermination appears to be starvation . 
  it was isis that slaughtered the yazidis , a group that literally every other faction is opposed to . 
  no one has ever called them moderate , ever . 
  pretty much , but the world chose that when it rejected a us intervention in the conflict . 
  i remember when europeans were loudly protesting against us involvement in syria , did those people not realize that the alternative to american occupation of syria was a situation where the winning side engages in postwar genocide ? 
  either the 25 % massacre the 75 % or the 75 % massacres the 25 % . 
  it 's not like either side of the conflict is going to suddenly forget about all the abuses the other side has committed . 
  at the earliest . . 
  even if the un actually does make a decision , there 's not much that can be done without us support if the turks wo n't budge on the issue . 
  say that the united states stays out of the matter ( no veto , no military contribution , no involvement ) , that basically leaves a big question mark about who would enforce any resolution against turkish incursions into iraq . 
  in case anyone forgot , the turks have maintained their military unlike other nato members and are rather formidable . 
  * russia lacks the airlift capabilities for a major ground conflict with turkey in territory that is literally adjacent to turkey . 
  at any rate , putin is generally cautious about actual warfare . 
  if shooting down a russian plane did n't get putin to fight , it 's obvious that he is n't looking for a fight against turkey . 
  * iran is already stretched with its conflicts in syria , iraq , and yemen . 
  going up against the turks in iraq would require mobilization of conventional military units , something that iran is n't even willing to do with regards to isis . 
  the turks are well equipped and formidable enough to merit caution . 
  * iraq lacks the capability to fight turkey . 
  right now it has trouble with men in toyotas , never mind someone who has an air force and plenty of tanks . 
  the last time turkey made incursions into iraq , the united states put a stop to it . 
  unfortunately for iraq 's government , it does n't seem to understand the importance of the us in maintaining its existence . 
  the russians and iranians are n't going to be able to protect iraq from us allies , only america can offer that and the current iraqi government has been too friendly with iran and russia to get any favors from the united states . 
  even if assad was n't a brutal murderous dictator , he still only has 25 % of the population behind him . 
  syria is 75 % sunni , and assad 's government is built on alawite domination . 
  for boris to argue for supporting assad means not only overlooking assad 's crimes , but also the simple fact that his government is n't sustainable . 
  boris is literally arguing for supporting a group whose prospects of victory are practically nonexistent . 
  even if you care only about picking the winning side , you should know that assad is n't it . 
  long term , there 's no way assad is going to win . 
  he just does n't have the numbers or the firepower to pull it off . 
  even if he does manage to hold off his syrian based opponents , the turks are just waiting for the right time to invade and install a turkish friendly sunni state . 
  the russians do n't have the appetite nor the airlift capabilities for a major ground conflict with turkey in syrian territory , and the turks know it . 
  assad is already dead , he just does n't know it yet . 
  what , no russia ? 
  c'mon now , they 're part of europe and they 've banned a shitload of separatist movements . . 
  well , if china wants to join nato it can have a formal say in the matter . . as things stand , it 's up to nato and montenegro to decide the matter . 
  if what i 've seen of history is any indication of things to come , big countries telling montenegro not to join nato is a good way to get montenegro to join nato . 
  which is the position a lot of americans found themselves in , saddam hussain was the classic brutal middle eastern dictatorship and the president was gunning for him . 
  the only real reason to be against the war was due to the strategic value of such a conflict - waging a war that essentially has few benefits . 
  if you 're an american , you have a sense of responsibility about trying to make the world a better place and when the president lays out a case for invasion , there has to be a good reason not to invade a dictatorship . 
  trusting a brutal dictator is n't a good enough reason . . 
  ahem , they were weapons of mass destruction * related programs * by the time we gave saddam 24 hours ( or was it 48 ? ), 
  to leave iraq . . 
  which ( as npr pointed out ) could include something like the janitorial staff at a former chemical weapons facility getting together for drinks after work . 
  at any rate , would you trust saddam hussain when he tells you that he has no chemical weapons ? 
  it 'd be like a serial arsonist telling you that he has no matches in his pockets . 
  pretty much . 
  it was literally the political musings of a failed artist with right wing tendencies , increasingly full of misconceptions about things as they got further from hitler 's own personal experiences . 
  hitler had bizarre ideas about how the british empire operated , very limited knowledge about the united states , and his knowledge of asia was effectively a collection of trivia and travel book facts . 
  he was working class in his origins , and his knowledge of the world reflected that . 
  his only real talent was taking common german biases and prejudices and giving and justifying them , which is n't too difficult to do if your audience already has those prejudices . 
  for russia , the prize is n't the baltics . 
  the real prize is shattering nato by finding a nato member that they can attack without repercussions . 
  a big part of that strategy was sowing apathy in nato 's western nations . 
  much like the british and french were willing to give the sudetendland to hitler rather than fight over a rather inconsequential piece of land , russia is looking for a similar situation to exploit . 
  you can already see its effects in germany , where business interests and various types of anarchists and leftists have both been utilized by the russian government to further its goals . 
  i do n't know how you manage to rattle off so much nonsense in such a short space , but bravo . 
  * right now , china is trying to keep its economy from having any new bad news . 
  between the stock market , the disappointing news about industrial orders , and whatever the latest scandal is ... they 're rather busy . 
  * the soviets and chinese have had missiles that could already reach the united states . 
  us missile defense is intended largely to deal with limited threats from rogue states attempting to engage in nuclear blackmail , namely north korea . 
  * mach 10 is nothing impressive when it comes to missiles . 
  the united states lgm-30 minuteman iii clocks in at around mach 23 , and that version of the missile was first introduced in 1970 . 
  do yourself a favor and read in your spare time , you might start to learn something . 
  if russia did n't want its neighbors to join nato , it should reevaluate its approach to them . 
  it almost seems like the goal of vladimir putin 's foreign policy is to enlarge nato . 
  * the current russian government has repeatedly defended various acts of aggression by the soviet union , which does little to ease the nerves of countries who see the soviet period as a dark chapter of their history . 
  * russia has refused to withdraw soldiers from countries in europe - such as moldova and georgia , and now ukraine - where its forces are effectively creating enclaves , undermining the sovereignty of the countries in question . 
  * russia has broken promises to respect the sovereignty of ukraine in exchange for ukrainian neutrality on the subject of nato . 
  nothing has demonstrated the need for nato quite as clearly as the situation with ukraine ; you do n't see the russians trying to enlarge kaliningrad for example . 
  the harder russia tries to grip europe , the more europe slips between its fingers and into nato . 
  as long as russia exists in a state of denial about history , it 's not going to be able to achieve anything productive with europe in the long term . 
  the ukrainians would probably not have allowed a referendum to be implemented had the crimean parliament voted on it , but they certainly would n't have been able to stop the parliament from voting for a symbolic measure to show support for a referendum . 
  it would have been a situation much like that of catalonia current situation with spain , where the region wants to secede and the government is against it . 
  you do n't see the spanish government silencing any and all desire for independence . 
  likewise , if the crimeans overwhelmingly wanted to secede they would also be capable of slowly moving towards it without outside help . 
  to be fair , they did n't have much say in the matter : * the crimean parliament only `` voted '' for a referendum after russian gunmen took control of the building and locked the doors , confiscated communications devices , and then held a session with several deputies missing . 
  * crimeans who expressed interest in remaining part of ukraine had a tendency to be arrested and then turn up dead and mutilated on a roadside . 
  after a few bodies , the message is pretty clear . 
  * reporters from news agencies not approved by the kremlin had their equipment seized at gunpoint prior to the voting . 
  nothing says `` free and fair elections '' like only allowing the state media of the occupying power to operate . 
  the idea that what happened in crimea represented the will of the people is a kremlin fantasy .
