do n't bet on it , you 've seen how spineless everyone has been when it comes to dealing with the kremlin . 
  putin could be shirtless while riding in the commander 's cupola of a tank through donetsk and if he claimed that it was merely a lookalike his answer would be accepted . 
  i think the only reason we 're not seeing more invasions is the threat of prolonged guerilla resistance - china 's last war with vietnam was quickly decided to have accomplished it 's goals when it became obvious that the vietnamese were n't going to be quashed quickly or cheaply . 
  russia has n't gone deep enough into ukraine or been around long enough to be really exposed to guerrilla activities , but the threat of it is why we 're seeing the piecemeal invasion - a few troops here , and a few there and plenty of artillery support from further back behind the lines . 
  you realize that russians usually have a funny way of overlooking their own contributions to events that come back to hurt them . 
  * poles might not have been so eager to fight russia on behalf of napoleon if they had n't been partioned by russia . 
  a similar story exists with many groups in eastern europe ; after all , the cossacks who had been burning their homes every time the czar got paranoid were n't speaking french . 
  * the soviet union 's assistance to helping germany evade the restrictions of the treaty of versailles and a non-agression pact ( and the partitioning of eastern europe ) set the stage for world war ii . 
  without that pact , germany would 've had to keep its forces divided between two fronts . 
  * soviet repression created deep resentment in most of the places where the soviet union established communist governments , which was a driving force behind the expansion of nato after the wall came down - much of eastern europe wanted protection from ever going through a repeat of being under russian domination . 
  a lot of countries do things that are counterproductive to their long term interests , but russians seem oblivious to it on a level that takes it to an art form . 
  same here , best strategy is to own it without any apologies ( even if you went to protests ) . 
  i sound like patton on reddit more often than not . 
  * yes , we invaded . 
  see , we actually care about freedom . 
  * who cares what the citizens think of the provional government , they lived under a dictator . 
  free men do not respect the opinions of slaves . 
  * yes , we overthrew that country 's elected leader . 
  he was working with soviets/chinese/athiests and ultimately the world 's freedom outweighs the any individual nation 's freedom . 
  they will respect you more for having the strength to stand up for something , or at least they 'll leave you in peace to finish your lunch . 
  the european union is great ( with a few flaws of course ) as a economic union . 
  free movement of people and goods have done a lot of great things . 
  the problem is when the european union tries to also be a political union as well . 
  even if you ignore the cultural gulf between the prosperous western and northern countries who have more or less been doing well since the 50s and southern and eastern countries who are less well off and have recent memories of hard times as a way of life , there 's still the fact that european integration has limits ; you can see that when it comes to the topic of money and development for europe 's eastern and southern regions . 
  you ca n't have a united states of europe if one part of europe does n't expect the union to last . 
  if the current state of affairs is any indication , nearly all of europe expects the eu to be temporary . 
  a lot of people do n't expect the eu to adequately deal with the migrants . 
  welcome to the hawaiian independence movement in a nutshell , it 's not too different from other secessionist movements composed of the non-white ( or in the case of the hawaiians , mixed with whites ) equivalent of hillbillies and rednecks . 
  they 're not too different from the confederate types in the south . 
  the sad thing is that this is a reflection of hardening views on both sides , with each side giving up on the possibility of a solution involving the other . 
  it 's not too surprising given that the german culture of democracy is more like a parent-child relationship ( you can say what you want , but in the end the `` parent '' gets their way ) than one of equals and genuine compromise - which is why germany has problems with the eu when it expects the rest of europe to vent their anger and then agree with germany . 
  unfortunately , europe is in for a long emergency . 
  the war in syria and iraq has been going for four years , and even if a democratic , inclusive , and reconciliation-minded government ( which does n't exist btw ) suddenly achieved total victory tomorrow , syria would still be a country where nearly everything has been scarred by warfare ; good luck getting people to go back to that . 
  more like a rough outline of how to hurt bashar al assad if necessary ( at the time , iraqi insurgents were using syria as a staging area ) . 
  there 's nothing new in it either ; syria is governed by a minority ethnic group/sect that runs the country like a protection racket ( if you 're not alawite , you 're going to be working for an alawite or paying one money ) , it 's not rocket science to see that the sunnis are going to be ripe for a revolution with each new generation . 
  assad 's father dealt with a very similar conflict to the one assad is dealing with now , except back then there was n't an internet to recruit support from muslims worldwide . 
  ca n't say i blame them , nobody without an ideological motivation is going to be eager to join a conflict with no clear end in sight . 
  syria 's civil war has been going on for years and is unlikely to end any time soon given that 75 % of its population are sunnis and foreign born muslims are flocking to it as the latest jihad destination . 
  having lived in texas , i can tell you that the typical practice involving undesirable people is to ignore their existence as entirely as possible - do n't talk to them , do n't invite them to church , and do n't have anything to do with them . 
  that included vandalizing their property as well , because if you did that then they 'd have to file a report with the police and you 'd have to deal with the fact that they existed as a crime had been committed . 
  plus , it 's not like the rural us does n't have its share of wealthy millionaires and billionaires living out their fantasy of owning a ranch or playing cowboy . 
  as do i , and i 'm sure many syrians consider merkel 's words of welcome ( unintentional as they may have been ) a good thing too . 
  my point is that a poor choice of words can have dramatic results when people think it means something that it does n't and nobody issues a swift correction . 
  millions of germans wanted the berlin wall to fall , just like millions of syrians would like to live in germany - when people hear something that sounds like what they desire , they jump at it without waiting . 
  merkel did nothing until germany started having enough people arriving to populate a new city every day . 
  let me see if i have the facts straight : * germany ( as well as sweden to a lesser extent ) makes some statements that basically sound like `` all syrians welcome , no one will be turned away '' to the rest of the world . 
  * hundreds of thousands of people start out towards germany , with no comments by germany clarifying that not everyone can stay in germany . 
  in fact , the welcome mat is rolled out . 
  * germany realizes that it can not house the entire population of every poor country on earth as tens of thousands of people show up every day . 
  * now , the germans are demanding that the rest of the eu share the population of migrants to take the stress off their infrastructure . 
  many of whom would not have come if they did n't believe that germany was open . 
  i 'm sorry , but hungary , poland , the czech republic , france , etc were n't the ones responsible for germany being flooded with migrants . 
  if anything , they were uneasy about tens of thousands of people trying to illegally cross their territory to get to germany even during the german welcome mat period . 
  this is n't the first time that poorly chosen words have resulted in german problems ( the berlin wall fell for similar reasons ) . 
  instead of issuing an immediate clarification and explicitly saying `` no , you can not all come to germany '' , it let hundreds of thousands of people start moving towards the center of europe for weeks and only changed policy once it had created a mess ; a mess which it now asks the rest of europe to help clean up . 
  if you 're our most loyal ally after israel , you 're not a very loyal ally . 
  the israelis spy on us , interfere in our domestic political process , and are generally speaking incredibly ungrateful for american support and unappreciative of the cost at which it comes to the united states relations with much of the world . 
  what you need to do is get poles into congress and state legislatures , to the point where polish americans are incredibly over represented . 
  you do that , and we 'll be giving you more weapons than you know what to do with while simultaneously threatening the russians with military strikes on a regular basis , and you do n't even have to be grateful for it . 
  honestly , i would consider poland a better ally than israel . 
   grabbed by pro-russian gunmen in june after a pentecost service at the divine transfiguration church , all four victims were taken away for interrogation and were later found dead in a burned-out car . 
  the voice of russia , a state-run radio station , asserted against all known evidence that they had been killed by the ukrainian army . 
  taken from a [ new york times ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/09/07/world/europe/evidence-grows-of-russian-orthodox-clergys-aiding-ukraine-rebels.html?referrer= ) article on the subject of orthodox collusion with pro-russian fighters . 
  the iranian government routinely hangs people for being homosexuals , adulterers , and drug dealers ( accused homosexuals are often also found guilty of drug dealing so iran can say it killed them for the drugs rather than the homosexuality ) i would n't get your hopes up of anything changing anytime soon . 
  sweden had a secret deal with nato during the cold war though , basically it would be defended by nato in the event of a soviet invasion in exchange for the use of its waters by us submarines . 
  the thing is , the russians are more likely to try to grab poorly defended territory that is hard to retake without the element of surprise - as they did in crimea - than to start a land war . 
  a lot of the islands in the baltic sea fit into that category . 
  without a dedicated landing ship , retaking any russian occupied islands is difficult even if you attain air and sea control because you 're limited to landing infantry from things like inflatable boats . 
  the mistral has landing craft , which allows it to put armored vehicles ashore . 
  militaries are led by civilians actually , at least in democracies . 
  germany 's defense minister is n't a general is it ? 
  civilian control of the military is one of the cornerstones of democracy . 
  all too often the buerocratic element of military operations are overlooked . 
  if swapping military leadership was so easy , the south koreans would n't be so reluctant to leave the established command structure that places a us general as supreme commander in the event that the armistice collapses . 
  they would be quite useful if the eu had to operate in the baltic sea , given that a large amount of russian threats toward the nordic nations and baltics involve seizure operations against their various islands . 
  a big part of self defense that gets overlooked these days is liberating territory captured by the enemy . 
  in the mediterranean , a ship like the mistral has excellent capabilities when it comes to humanitarian missions . 
  it can manage several helicopters simultaneously , serve as a hospital , and deploy landing craft that need no premade harbors . 
  it can rescue sinking vessels , treat the seriously injured , and take people off of overloaded island communities straight from the beaches . 
  all in all , they 're very good ships . 
  invasion strength ? 
  admittedly , i used the figures for the iraq occupation period rather than the invasion period . 
  the occupation lasted years , so i went with that figure . 
  nearly all of the figures for the occupation say 4,100 or something close to it . 
  but nato has the united states . 
  an eu army would have to provide its own troops , transportation , and leadership : * troops ; take iraq for example , the biggest non-american and non-iraqi contingent was that of the british at a little more than 4,000 soldiers . 
  a lot of europeans are n't comfortable with sending the 50,000 + soldiers to a foreign battlefield - a few european countries do n't have 50,000 soldiers . 
  so far , europeans overwhelmingly choose to avoid large troop commitments . 
  * transport : europe 's military airlift capacity needs to be improved if it 's going to be effective . 
  even in mali and libya , us military assistance was called to support french and british units . 
  air transport is one of the parts of european military budgets that took a major hit after the fall of the soviet union . 
  rails and roads are great for peace time , but wartime is all about speed . 
  * leadership : nobody is sure who is going to lead an eu army but one thing needs to be said , militaries perform poorly when led by committee . 
  if one week/month/year the french are in charge , the next up it 's the british , and the germans after them then it 's going to be a disaster given that every eu member effectively gets to be supreme commander just long enough to start learning the ropes before a new country has to take responsibility for the military buerocracy . 
  a little ironic that germany is calling for someone else to rigorously enforce the rules given its own enforcement of rules as of late . 
  it 's especially ironic when you consider that germany 's decision to not enforce the rules directly contributed to a rise in hate speech regarding immigrants . 
  china had cargo ships crashing on us shores with people trying to get into the united states during the 90s , which is not too different from the current situation in the mediterranean with refugees . 
  given that the chinese economy is in trouble , it 's not too implausible to believe that chinese emigration might be a thing again . 
  in the event of a major recession , the chinese government is certainly going to prefer that millions of jobless people leave the country rather than sit around and grow increasingly unhappy with their joblessness and blame the government and provide plenty of opportunity for civil unrest . 
  it 's true , but in a very minimal sense .
