  russian military strategists know that the us has a huge conventional advantage - it 's the reason why putin constantly talks about tactical nuclear weapons . 
  if the russians do use nuclear weapons , that leaves little choice but to retaliate against them with counterforce strikes , which may include nuclear weapons . 
  the united states does n't want a nuclear war , but it 's not going to sell its friends into slavery one by one to postpone such a conflict , and it is a postponement because as soon as putin ( or any other russian leader who carries on the long standing tradition of trying to enslave their neighbors ) sees weakness , he 'll be emboldened . 
  edit - forgot a word . 
  it was n't really recruitment standards as much as it was the leadership . 
  when you have people from donald rumsfeld on down saying things like `` we 're going to take the gloves off '' and coffer black saying that he wanted bin laden 's head shipped back in a box of dry ice , that trickles down . 
  officers who were supposed to exercise control over their troops failed to do so . 
  a typical enlisted soldier has about 10 or more bosses ; various ncos and officers that they have to answer to for just about everything . 
  nobody is going to be abusing prisoners openly without the leadership letting it happen . 
  as for iraq , the abuses were committed by soldiers early on in the occupation before the us military relaxed its standards . 
  if there are abuses of ukrainian prisoners ( which i strongly suspect , but have only seen limited evidence of ) , it 's because the leadership is letting it happen . 
  the people of donetsk who were stupid enough to believe that the kremlin is going to bring them anything except misery and death do n't deserve any consideration . 
  they betrayed their country in favor of the kremlin 's slavery . 
  russia today is the equivalent of what germany would be if it was lead by an unrepentant gestapo officer , those who embrace russia 's lies deserve whatever terrible fate befalls them if only to serve as a warning to the rest of the world about the folly of trusting tyrants . 
  honestly , i do n't see anything wrong about a serial killer being in the same barracks as russia 's auxiliaries . 
  criminals tend to be lousy soldiers . 
  if it was up to me , i would fill their ranks with every degenerate i could find ; unit cohesion is n't going to exist if the `` normal '' soldiers are worried about being raped or killed by their fellow soldiers . 
  three , if you count the way he 's wearing that ribbon through the button hole . 
  very nazi chic . 
  except that they are n't exporting the cars . 
  pretty much everyone buys parts from some part of the world where that part is cheaper to make , for example , even the most american made car uses something like 30 % foreign parts , and that 's including parts made in america territorial possessions where us labor laws generally do n't apply . 
  the problem with russia 's supply chain is that its currency has lost somewhere around 50 % of its value . 
  not even the chinese could deal with a margin shift that dramatic . 
  you mean i have been arguing for free , like a sucker ? 
  just when i think i 'm free , it turns out the damn europeans are still exploiting me . 
  since you seem knowledgeable about shilling , where do i go to get paid ? 
  poles are sort of like the mexicans of europe . 
  on one hand , they 're hard working and they 'll do just about any job that pays . 
  there 's also some truth to the stereotype of the polish thief , partly because western europe is so much more wealthy that polish criminals can do better just over the border - that phenomenon is n't unique to poland by any stretch of the imagination , and it does n't help that a lot of europeans past the oder sound alike to western europeans ( just about every slavic appearing criminal is assumed to be polish ) . 
  as an american , i can relate to a lot of what the poles are saying about feeling unappreciated and stereotyped in simultaneously contradictory ways . 
  in fact , most americans can probably relate to the polish feelings , you 'd be hard pressed to find a segment of american society that was n't excluded in spite of its hard work at some point in time . 
  blacks , irish , italians , japanese , chinese , eastern europeans in general , and mexicans have all had their contributions ignored at one point in time or another . 
  the good thing is that things change , people ca n't ignore reality forever . 
  each of those groups gained the recognition of the rest of the nation . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but if they share the same values we do then hard work is inevitably recognized . 
  any deal where the exact price for gas is classified is already looking like a very bad deal . 
  if the chinese were paying anything close to what europeans were paying for gas , there would be no need to hide the price . 
  the russians and chinese have been haggling over the price of gas for over a decade - selling gas to china is an idea that goes back to soviet times - and as russia 's customers in europe started cutting back , suddenly russia makes a deal with the chinese . 
  unless the chinese suddenly became the world 's biggest pushovers , the russians have agreed to a deal out of desperation . 
  since the chinese have n't given hong kong 100 % free elections , given tibet independence , and surrendered the rest of china to the taiwanese it 's safe to say that the russians were the ones to capitulate on their position . 
  but hey , you can count on the russian people to stand by their glorious leader because he 's obviously got their best interests at heart when he destroys food , makes terrible trade deals , and sends their young men to die or be mangled in ukraine . 
  right ? 
  after all , it 's not like the russian military is explicitly worried about a domestic revolution ? 
  you 're thinking of the canal that supplies agricultural usage to crimea , ukrainian authorities refused to recognize any entity except the crimean parliament of ukraine as capable of paying for services to crimea . 
  because the new russian installed government was n't about to acknowledge that it was subject to ukraine , it could n't pay for services . 
  as a result , the ukrainian government reduced the water supplied to crimea . 
  people still had water for personal use in crimea , but the agricultural sector was affected . 
  only in the sense that you have refugees arriving instead on your shores instead of bearing witness to thousands dying in front of you while begging for help . 
  it 's not like not rescuing the boats would reduce the amount of refugees immediately - these are desperate people who are utterly determined to reach a mythical europe . 
  from the american experience with cuba and other immigrants by sea , i can tell you the following : * if you do n't get involved in the refugees plight at sea , someone else will fill that void and they 're going to be some of the most cutthroat people on the planet . 
  a barely seaworthy ship full of young healthy people is an attractive target for human traffickers . 
  * it 's not like the refugees did n't face plenty of dangers before they got on a boat . 
  for them , the sea is the last big step in their journey and they have come too far to turn back . 
  nothing short of change in the conditions at home that compelled them to travel is going to sway them . 
  * if enough people die at sea to have any changes on the migration patterns , it 'll be one of changing tactics rather a reduction in refugees . 
  it 's simple economics , they 'll move to alternative routes or traffickers in libya will improve their safety . 
  human trafficking is a business , and the groups in libya want to keep costs down . 
  if europeans increase the risk level , it 's not like the libyans are incapable of finding marginally safer vessels or taking a week to train a few of the would be passengers to pilot the boat . 
  trust me , the united states would extradite him in a heartbeat . 
  think about this for a minute , has sweden ever pursued someone this vigorously for such a relatively light offense ? 
  correct me if i am wrong , but assange 's crime is that he did not get tested for stds after having sex ? 
  this is a country that has let serial rapists off the hook at every step of the justice system ( including some very violent ones who saw nothing wrong with what they did ) , yet they 're willing to go across international borders to get ahold of julian assange simply because he did n't do an std test ? 
  when americans or europeans write something like `` to russia , with love '' on a bomb , it 's a sign of russophobia or anti-russian sentiment . 
  when russians write `` to berlin '' or `` for stalin '' while engaged in a war on europe 's periphery , it 's just a joke . 
  regular maintenance and access to military avionics from the united states and europe . 
  the general rule of thumb is that american fighters had better missiles and avionics equipment , but russian fighters had better maneuvering characteristics and lower costs ( which allowed the soviets to equip their third world allies with decent fighters while america 's third world allies were largely limited to ww2 vintage aircraft ) . 
  the soviet edge in manuevering narrowed significantly after the 80s as us fighters continued to be upgraded while the russian military industrial complex fell into decay . 
  the poles have been upgrading their mig 29s with american and european electronics , whereas russian mig29s have to fight for scarce funds and even scarcer components - a dirty secret of the russian military industrial complex is that a large portion of electronic components in russian vehicles are sourced from the united states and europe ; russian made equivalents have such a high rate of defective units that it 's significantly cheaper to smuggle them . 
  nothing new there , men who see themselves as holy warriors rarely respect national borders . 
  a lot of the non-military men who joined up as volunteers were men with nothing to do , it 's unlikely that they 're going to return to sitting at home and drinking themselves to death after driving around eastern ukraine atop a tank with a machine gun in their hands . 
  they were somebody in ukraine , it 's unlikely that they 're going to go back to being a nobody in russia . 
  but hey , at least it 's not like these fighters are bringing armored battalions into russia , yet . 
  marxism may permit democratic rule in theory , but it 's never democratic in actual practice at least not once it obtains power over a country . 
  virtually every marxist state has had imprisoned dissidents and restricted basic freedoms ( such as the right to emigrate ) . 
  quite a few of marxist states have also killed millions of people ( usually their own citizens ) through purges , deliberate famines , or just poorly thought out policies . 
  theoretically , marxism is pretty great . 
  in practice , it creates prisons out of nations . 
   regular maintenance ? 
  shitty maintenance is one of the cornerstones of russian aviation , along with organized crime and rampant alcoholism . 
  you do n't several different types of aircraft crashing in the space of a month without an across the board maintenance problem . 
  the admiral kuznetsov ( russia 's aircraft carrier ) has to accompanied by tugboats . 
  that should give you an idea of the state of russia 's military maintenance . 
  to me the difference between lenin and stalin is best demonstrated by how each responded to communism falling short in terms of productivity . 
  lenin slowed down and went with a somewhat rudimentary market system ( the nep ) as a sort of temporary measure . 
  stalin kept the pace of things on schedule and simply used his secret police to do things like forcing farms to meet production targets even when it left the farmers with nothing to eat . 
  except for the fact that socialism , ( particularly the variety that aspires to build a classless society ) is n't democratic in the slightest . 
  a dictatorship of the proletariat is still a dictatorship . 
  we do n't consider stalin good in the united states , he 's usually second only to hitler in terms of pure evil . 
  the occasional apoligist will defend stalin , but that 's not a widely held opinion . 
  if you ask the russians , quite a few say we still treat them like the cold war never ended . 
  growing up , we learned in school that ww2 in europe started with the molotov-ribontrop pact . 
  our alliance with the soviet union was necessary due to the nazi threat ( which of course , the soviets helped create ) ; the idea being that if hitler is going to fight the soviets , there is no harm in making sure he pays a steep price in blood doing it . 
  for us , the soviets are looked at honestly . 
  we acknowledge the bad and the good . 
  a lot of russians think we overlook their contributions to the war , but it 's more like we weigh those contributions against what the soviets were fighting for . 
  bravery against fascists is n't quite as noble when you are fighting to install a replacement dictatorship in previously democratic countries . 
  to acknowledge the soviet sacrifices without any attention to soviet goals would be like honoring the fighting abilities of the nazis without any attention to what they were fighting for . 
  my favorite one is * they just did n't do it right * . 
  you 'd think that any reasonable person would see if no one is * doing it right * no matter how many times they 've tried on every continent , the problem lies with the system . 
  give it a few months and you 'll soon be hearing how venezuela was never really doing socialism the right way .
