  the people of northern ireland were opposed to home rule , whereas the southern regions were for it . 
  somehow you believe it 's wrong for the british empire to veto the aspirations of ireland , but it 's acceptable for the southern irish political desires to ride roughshod over the desires of northern ireland ? 
  by the same way ireland should be able to declare its sovereignty if that is the will of the people , northern ireland should be free to rain part of britain if it so chooses . 
  freedom means freedom for all , even those who disagree with you . 
  first off , libya was a british/french led endeavor where america came in to provide firepower support ; blaming the united states for libya is akin to blaming poland for the iraqi insurgency . 
  secondly , iraq was in pretty good shape by the time the united states left it . 
  it was n't an easy or inexpensive affair in blood or treasure , but the right thing is rarely easy . 
  that said , it didnt even take a week after the united states had left for the iraqi government to revert back to same tribal politics that ate responsible for the middle east being a mess . 
  the alternative to american military intervention is standing idly by while evil triumphs or at least survives . 
  i 'd love to see other democratic countries step up and do something to stop dictatorships from killing people who want democracy , but that is an expensive taak , and most people seem to prefer to let americans pay the bill for cleaning up the world . 
  if you do n't want american intervention , do you want people like gaddafi , saddam hussain , bashar al-assad to spread like wildfire ? 
  there are essentially only two choices , kill evil or it shall proliferate and strangle humanity with tyranny . 
  seeing as how the next potus is almost certainly going to be hillary clinton , this is hilarious . 
  the one good thing about her is that she understands that the best way to deal with putin involves direct confrontation . 
  putin might as well ask for the philosopher 's stone while he 's at it . 
  obama tried to rebuild relations with russia . 
  obama scrapped the missile defense bases in poland , obama gave russia a pass on long lasting repercussions from russian aggression in georgia , obama did n't use military force to depose assad , obama refrained from supplying ukraine with anything lethal , and obama applied pressure on the saudis and turks to not arm their syrian proxies with manpads . 
  obama has literally done everything he could to try to build a better relationship with russia , and what has he recieved ? 
  certainly not gratitude or anything close to an equal effort by the russian government to compromised in the name of better relations . 
  aa far as i am concerned , hillary clinton is the right choice of she 's still as aggressive about starting wars as her detractors paint her as . 
  democracy requires a president who does n't hesitate to gun down a dictatorship out of instinct . 
  here 's a question , what would that achieve ? 
  saudi arabia is in a proxy war with iran , and yemen is the latest hot spot . 
  if you do n't want to sell weapons to the saudis , they 'll find someone else who will ; quite possibly india , israel ( via third parties to launder the weapons and money , of course ) , south africa , sudan , turkey , south korea , or any other country that has idle weapons factories . 
  the world has no shortage of countries with domestic defense industries that would love to have saudi arabia as their customer . 
  so it 's safe to say that it would n't starve the saudis of weapons . . iran is n't going to start buying norwegian military products if norway stops selling to the saudis , especially since there 's a highly restrictive un arms embargo designed to keep the iranian missile program from expanding too quickly . 
  the same goes for any other country , there 's no economic gain from ceasing sales to the sunni side of the middle east . 
  the only people who might benefit are the russian military industrial complex , who would enjoy the benefits of a competitor committing suicide . 
  as for human rights in yemen , it 's important to remember that the people who the saudis are fighting against are backed by iran . 
  this is the same country that routinely executes people for heresy and created the concept of islamic terrorism that nearly all modern islamic terrorist groups are modeled after . 
  do you really believe that any country under the tutelage of iran would be anything but a brutally repressive theocracy ? 
  as brutal as the saudi tactics are , ultinately they 're preferable to the alternative of an iranian dominated yemen being used as a launch pad for terrorist attacks against iran 's ever growing list enemies . 
  if you stop selling weapons to the saudis , it wo n't bring them to the negotiating table , it wo n't benefit your own country , and it wo n't improve yemen . 
  a few reasons : * some of the fires are accidents , as these people are living in tents and likely using anything flammable as fuel , and they 're not following fire safety protocols ( to put it lightly ) . 
  as a result , a propane burner getting knocked over can quickly set a lot of tents on fire . 
  * they do n't have any sense of ownership of the camp and they 're ignorant , much like how poor people in many other places across the world wreck and vandalize their own neighborhoods . 
  to them , it 's not `` their '' camp . 
  * not all of the refugees exist together in perfect harmony . 
  fights break out , over theft , over women , over ethnic and class differences , and nearly anything imaginable . 
  burning down the homes of people you do n't like happens quite frequently in the middle east ( and elsewhere ) , so why would n't it happen in a refugee camp ? 
  the only issue , tightly clustered groups of tents are flammable and fire does n't stop at ethnic or social lines . 
  what may have started out as a targeted attack can quickly spread far beyond its intended target . 
  if you 're expecting poor , ignorant , and desperate people to act civilized or show some basic reasoning skills - you should prepare for disappointment . 
  if you help them , they 'll scarf down the food you gave them and then stab you to search your pockets for more food . 
  californian here , we 've already had gypsy problems for a long time ; it 's nothing new . 
  if you see a car ( station wagon , van , or suv usually ) full of adult people of various ages , on the coastal highways there are decent odds are that they 're a band of gypsies stealing anything they can grab as they go from of their major california hubs ( la , sf , and norcal ) to another . 
  on one hand , i do n't want to say that they 're criminals right off the bat , but a part of me ca n't help but be worried that the pastor 's talk of 200 + gypsy families sounds like it could easily be a major organized crime syndicate . 
  the western allies were appeasers , whereas the soviets literally supplied germany with raw materials and helped rebuild the wehrmacht in secret . 
  they even kept supplying the germans when the war broke out , right up until hitler invaded . 
  nobody in the soviet union believed that hitler needed enormous quantities of manganese solely for making green glass bottles . . 
  the soviets knew what the germans were rearming , because they helped them rearm . 
  realpolitik is about being smart , if cold blooded about your goals . 
  the soviets helped a man whose manifesto ( which he had literally followed to the letter for several years now ) called for cleansing russia and colonizing it ; the idea that hitler was suddenly going to cease following the general outline of mein kampf was n't logical , and yet the soviets helped rebuild the wehrmacht when any rational person would not . 
  iran , for starters . 
  by ditching the dollar , saudi arabia has cast aside the alliance with the united states that fdr made with ibn saud ; this leaves saudi arabia more vulnerable than it has ever been . 
  us weapon markets , us diplomatic support , us military support , and all the extra benefits of the alliance are now no longer a guarantee . 
  without american support , saudi arabia has to face an extremely emboldened iran ( and its various regional allies ) alone . 
  the saudi military is relatively formidable , but it ca n't be everywhere and do everything . 
  against an iran that believes it can win , the saudis would be hard pressed not to suffer at least some major terrorist attacks or other sorts of probing attacks by iran . 
  ditching the dollar would literally have the mullahs dancing through the streets of tehran in joy . 
  not every sortie is a bombing mission , a lot of them are reconnaissance to gather intelligence for bombing missions and ground commanders . 
  every sortie helps , but not all of them are direct action , and even then some of those strike missions are going to be aborted for one reason or another . 
  brothel owners and pimps can be made pay fess and bribes , people offering porn on the internet are a lot harder to extort for cash legal or otherwise . 
  you ca n't expect erdogan to pay for his next palace himself . 
  in part , because they were the central power that made it possible for the fascists to overrun europe in the first place . 
  without the soviet union and stalin 's machinations , hitler 's conquests would probably have been limited to anschluss and reoccupying the rhineland . 
  * the soviets directed the german communist party to work with the various fascist parties to support german rearmament and to fight against the social democrats in germany . 
  * the soviet non-aggression pact allowed the german military to bypass its traditional handicap of having to keep soldiers on both its east and west borders . 
  this meant the germans could throw nearly all of their force at france without having to seriously worry about a soviet attack . 
  * the soviets not only enabled germany to go on the attack , the secret protocols of their non-aggression pact encouraged it . 
  it would be one thing to merely agree not to attack each other , but the soviets agreed to hitler 's appetite for further conquests and worked with him to make that possible . 
  the soviets did n't liberate europe from the fascists , they replaced one tyranny with another tyranny that had slight ideological differences . 
  instead of starving , sweating , keeping your opinions to yourself and dying for your race ; you 'd starve , sweat , keep your opinions to yourself and die for the workers . 
  in the end , both were tyrannies where the masses were exploited and oppressed . 
  to liberate someone , you actually have to improve their lives - the cruelty of the nazis does n't erase that the fact that europe had freedom for a time , and the soviets failed to restore that freedom . 
  building an eu army is not preferable to restoring nato strength via increased military spending . 
  the two can go hand in hand ; an eu army is not inherently incompatible with nato . 
  there is a strong sense of fear about the united states leaving nato in one way or another , and this is actually a good thing as long as europe reacts in a rational manner . 
  instead of panicking , europe should examine what might convince americans to leave nato and work to address those concerns . 
  for the most part , that means rebuilding the military power of europe into a capable and genuine partner to the united states rather than america 's entourage . 
  that is n't going to be cheap , but europe did it for mpre than 50 years straight against the soviet threat and it can do it again . 
  an eu army is an excellent goal to aspire to , in that it effectively goes beyond nato requirements by requiring europe to be able to defend itself without american help . 
  by achieving that level of security , while still being in nato and having north american allies , europe will be in one of the most secure positions in history . 
  it 's almost as if islam was something that could only be sustained if you gave people no choice ... 
  sounds like a perfect opportunity for a presidential photo op , just in time for russian elections too !, 
  as long as nobody asks how putin shot a bear in the morning and had several polar bear fur coats to give to the researchers by the afternoon , all will be good . 
  if luxembourg has a problem with the situation on hungary 's borders , nothing is stopping their government from offering luxembourg citizenship to all of the people who are unable to legally enter hungary . 
  last time i checked , hungary does n't border syria , afghanistan , north korea , or sudan ; nobody on the hungarian border is there because it 's the closest safe haven . 
  the eu can not be responsible for taking care of every human neglected by their government , as that would only encourage bad governments to dump the excess portions of their population on the eu . 
  fifty ones that they get to screen rigorously ; probably women who are over 60 without any family . 
  elderly refugees do n't tend to turn into terrorists ( which is part of the reason why they reached old age in the first place ) and are too old to produce any children who might be a problem down the road . 
  china needs a strategic airlifter as they expand their ambitions , and the an-225 basically allows them to jump ahead in development . 
  the rule of thumb , the bigger a plane is , the harder it is to develop . 
  by acquiring the an-225 , china gets one of the world 's most capable airlifters ready to go into production . 
  that legislation had a sunset provision , so it would expire if not renewed within 10 years . 
  if it did n't have that provision , you can bet that assault weapons would be still be highly restricted . 
  i say that , because even with a republican controlled house of representatives and senate at various points in the past decade there has been no serious effort to repeal legislation restricting machine gun ownership . 
  the overall trend is towards increased restrictions , even when they make little sense . 
  in my home state , a terrorist acquired a weapon illegally from a straw purchaser and removed its bullet button ( a magazine locking mechanism designed to prevent rapid reloading ) ; in response the state banned the bullet button ( despite the fact that the terrorists had to remove the bullet button - proving that the bullet button was effective ) and made firearms harder to acquire , despite the fact that the vast majority of semi-automatic rifle owners are law abiding citizens . 
  among the bills the legislature rejected , was one that increased the penalties for owning an illegal assault weapon .
