  all in all , not too bad . 
  life might be unpleasant there since the society is essentially unchanged from the days when slavery was a normal part of life , but their only export is oil whereas iranian exports include advanced weaponry turning up in the hands of hezbollah . 
  as undemocratic as the saudis might be , their king does n't consider himself the greatest interpreter of god 's word currently alive . 
  the same ca n't be said for the supreme leader of the islamic republic ... 
  how about no . 
  the last thing that europe needs is for the eu to contaminate nato . 
  nato is a distinct and separate entity from the european union for a reason , they have entirely different purposes . 
  nato is a defensive alliance , not a mechanism for keeping the eu 's political dysfunction limping along . 
  if nato member states want to discuss nato troops on their borders , that 's probably not a problem at all . 
  eu members ( who are not nato members ) on the other hand should only be provided assistance if it benefits nato ; if you 're not a nato member , nato does n't have any obligations to assist you . 
  the european union is systematically dysfunctional . 
  let brussels raise an eu army to protect the borders of the eu ; we all know that it wo n't , but it 's good for a laugh . 
  the eu needs to reform , or it needs to die . 
  having the united states come in and fix europe 's problems yet again should n't be the solution to all of europe 's problems . 
  this whole refugee crisis started because europeans were against american intervention in syria . 
  rather than a swift american victory followed by occupation and reconstruction , syria has experienced a grinding civil war that has pushed millions into refugee camps . 
  it 's as if everyone ignored the last century and forgot that anything that russia supports is usually bad for any europeans who want prosperity and liberty . 
  combined with the #immigrantswelcome actions , it 's as if europe is simply incapable of actually making good decisions . 
  europe has to either decide to go through reform of the eu or hand over the decision making to the united states . 
  i 'd vastly prefer to see the former over the latter , but i 'm not holding my breath - when it comes to the eu operating on its own ; spectacular failure seems to be the order of the day , every day . 
  the last thing europe needs , is to involve the eu into one of the few institutions in europe that actually works as intended . 
  involve brussels in nato and god only knows what sort of idiotic things they are going to unleash . 
  the nazis were hardly the first germans to work towards the destruction of the polish nation . 
  frederick the great not only struck counterfeit polish currency , and partitioned poland , he boasted that he would `` get rid of all the poles . . gradually '' . 
  a very significant amount of german history is german brutality towards its neighbors when it has the upper hand , and the galling thing is that germans all too often fail to see that ; for example , the treaty of versailles was far more lenient than the peace the germans had forced upon the defeated russians in the treaty of brest-livtosk . 
  after ww2 , i guess when we all agreed `` never again . . '' germans had something else in mind than the rest of the world ? 
  only about a quarter of the migrants are from syria , a substantial amount of them are simply from poor and oppressive countries . 
  the way that many of them see it , europe does n't have the ability/will to get rid of them if there 's too many people to keep track of . 
  they 'll go from country to country , seeking asylum and living off of the fat of the land in the meantime ; it 's a lot easier to get by on the streets of berlin than in countries where police routinely kill homeless people . 
  add in the fact that many of them are given an inaccurate picture of life in europe by smugglers , and it 's unlikely that anything is seriously going to deter these people short of a lot of walls . 
  [ it goes well beyond spying , and into actual methods of control ... ] ( http://theantimedia.org/china-just-launched-the-most-frightening-game-ever-and-soon-it-will-be-mandatory/ ), 
  it 's not too far from the sentiment found among others in russia ; the tsar is good , but the boyars are bad is an age old myth in russia . 
  at any rate , it 's safer to blame a faceless entity for problems rather than putin . 
  china has a massive amount of resources dedicated to policing its society for any signs of discontent , it 's effectively a police state in many respects . 
  china is stable in spite of its gender imbalance . 
  in a free society , that sort of control is not possible . 
   i dont understand is why didnt we get nato base , in short , because germany wanted to keep us bases in germany ( they are great for the local economy ) and because it allowed germany to score points with moscow that could be used for economic rewards . 
  the germans did n't become one of russia 's biggest trading partners by accident . 
  poland is a good nato member , but it 's important to remember that there are some nato members to the distant west who do n't feel threatened by russia and are willing to appease russia in exchange for rewards . 
  that 's why poland did n't get a nato base until recently . 
  possibly , but it 's not likely anyone is going to stop the russian government from enforcing its laws in that small gap . 
  the russians might not be able to protest against it in a legal forum , but it would hardly be the first time that the russians have played loose with international law . 
  economic refugees are n't necessarily a bad thing , but the problem is that the sheer number of people who have come to europe are simply not sustainable unless european countries embark on some sort of ww2 style economic mobilization and that is unlikely in the extreme . 
  european countries just do n't have economies built on massive yearly expansion , and especially not the kind of economy which can utilize vast amounts of unskilled labor . 
  official investigations have to go through a slow and deliberate process , which is why the dutch investigation has gone through the process of establishing that mh17 was shot down rather than crashed , what sort of object shot it down , examining the sources of such an object , and so on . 
  pretty much everyone capable of examining evidence knows that a russian buk shot down mh17 , but the process of confirming it has to be methodical and sure . 
  the likely result of this investigation is obvious with all the evidence out there , but it takes time to get there . 
   you help took down dictators in stable countries , and now look to what we got ? 
  the majority of northern africa is a turmoil , there is isis ... on the contrary , we stood by and tried not to get involved as dictatorships were being overthrown by populations that had long been disatisfied with life under a dictatorship . 
  some of the dictatorships overthrown were key us allies ( such as hosni mubarak ) and the united states essentially told him that he needed to leave and allow elections after it became apparent that the protesters were n't going to go away . 
  dictatorship is an inherently unstable form of government , it does n't have any natural mechanism to release pressure so it often ends up in civil war . 
  gaddafi was bombing his own citizens , hardly a sign of stability . 
  would you rather that gaddafi or mubarak were allowed to turn their military upon their citizens without any interference ? 
  we already saw how that works in rwanda ... 
  the german government is working directly with the nsa . 
  roughly 220 million phone communications are recorded , stored , and transferred to the nsa by the bnd every day . 
  bnd employees have worked directly with nsa analysts for years . 
  the idea that the german government was unaware of nsa surveillance is laughable . 
  the whole `` data must be stored locally '' thing is obfuscation and designed to calm down a public that does n't understand the extent of the actual surveillance . 
  the bnd has taken the lead in providing a cover story for nsa activities in germany before , and it 's not too hard to see a similar situation now ; blame american firms , and make useless laws that change nothing but pander to emotions , and hope that the public buys into it . 
  the current pipeline is operating at 50 % , and the demand for gas has fallen by 21 % over the past decade ; there really is n't an imperative for this project , especially when the liabilities are looked at : gazprom is an instrument of the kremlin 's foreign policy , and fully capable of being used as a weapon to beat the eu into submission if it becomes potent enough to do so . 
  the last thing that the eu should do is give russia a potential weapon to use against the eu in the future , especially while russian warplanes and vessels frequently violate the territorial sovereignty of eu members . 
  working with russia in any way where russia is important is a liability . 
  you only have to look at the us deal with russia for rd-180 engines . 
  the russians have demonstrated that they see cooperation as a means to gain leverage over their `` partners '' rather than an opportunity for mutual benefit within the specific confines of an agreement . 
  the longer and more dependent that anyone is on the kremlin , the worse off they are . 
  name a highly developed and prosperous country whose number one trade partner is russia . 
  none of western europe 's major economies have russia as their largest trade partner , and that is n't a coincidence . 
  even the germans only trade with russia about as much they trade with poland in exports - the germans import substantially more from poland than they do from russia . 
  this deal does n't make sense economically , and it carries substantial political risks . 
  i 'm not going to pander to `` danke frau ribontrop '' paranoia , because i do n't have to . 
  the risks are real and they need to be heeded , and it 's surprising that the german leadership have n't already done this . 
  southstream is literally germany providing the kremlin with resources to attack the eu at some point in the future ; putin 's vision of the world is diametrically opposed to the direction of the eu , and a conflict is inevitable if putin believes he is strong enough to win . 
  if europe could be rebuilt from literal ruins in ww2 , then there 's no reason that former colonies with a well established export economy could n't prosper . 
  if anything , the post colonial late 40s should have been an excellent period for former colonies . 
  as for why they failed to prosper , it comes down largely to poor leadership . 
  * many former colonies flirted with communism to varying degrees , a system of government with the typical result of imprisoning the best and brightest while empowering sadists and incompetents . 
  * many former colonies turned to the soviet union rather than the united states . 
  compare north korea to south korea , east germany to west germany , israel to syria/egypt . 
  the history of china tells the story quite clearly , being aligned with the soviets and their way of doing things gave china the great leap forward while working with the united states has given china prosperity unparalleled in centuries . 
  * quite a few leaders of these former colonies lack a pride in honesty . 
  perhaps it 's due to their lack of christian based principles , or perhaps it 's simply due to their much more desperate circumstances - the reason why is secondary to the fact in many of these former colonies being honest is simply the exception rather than the rule . 
  corruption and plundering of the country by the people who are supposed to steer its development are an invisible poison . 
  `` you are similarly stinking up england with your inability to check your life-privilege , so we 're doing something you would understand ; it 's off to australia with you . '', 
  i saw the nsfw and eagerly clicked , hoping for a nice pair of tits , but i 'm already starting the new year off with a proper dose of disappointing reality . 
  except for the fact that money is n't going to stop a russian tank if it 's not spent on the military , and the vast majority of european wealth goes into social development ; clean water , good roads , availability of medical care are all good things but they wo n't stop russian troops . 
  i like to use the example of rome and the vandals , rome was far wealthier and had a far greater economy than the vandals but all of that economic might did n't amount to much when the vandals had more men with weapons . 
  this comes up frequently , and the reasons why it 's unlikely remain the same : * an independent europe is a europe that would have to spend far more on defense than it currently does , to the point where a good deal of government services would have to be curtailed . 
  government provided medical care would definitely face cuts if europeans now had to spend enough on defense to ward off not only russia but also the united states . 
  * a europe that is not aligned with either the united states or russia is a europe that russia and the united states could align together against . 
  the kremlin has been trying to find some sort of arrangement with the united states where both sides divide the world into spheres for years , putin would be only too happy to ally with the us to conquer europe . 
  europe would be hard pressed to deal with the threat of russia 's endless sea of tanks in the east , and the world 's largest navy and airforce to west . 
  * two of the strongest military powers in europe - turkey and the united kingdom - are closer to the united states than the rest of europe , along with plenty of growing military powers such as poland . 
  an independent europe would almost certainly be a fractured europe as many european countries would rather be aligned with the united states than with a european bloc if they could only choose one . 
  the fact is that the vast majority of the combatants are actual russian soldiers , and much of the remainder are russian citizens who are essentially filibusters . 
  if you removed the russian citizens from the battlefield , it 'd be doubtful that the `` representatives '' of eastern ukraine would have even 10 % of their existing manpower , not to mention that virtually all of their armor , artillery , and transport vehicles would also disappear . 
  when the ukrainian military was fighting against russian filibusters , they were making steady progress pushing them back . 
  it was only in august when russia intervened with conventional military forces that ukrainian forces were pushed back from donetsk and luhansk - ukraine was actually pushing into the city of luhansk as the russians launched their assault . 
  the separatist regions do and say whatever putin wants , or he finds new leaders for them . 
  they are n't actually independent .
