  conventional chechen resistance ended within a few months , giving putin a quick victory at least as far the russian voters were concerned . 
  sure there would be resistance and guerilla warfare for the next 16 years , but russia had put an end to an embarrassing state of defacto chechen independence . 
  it would be one thing if it was a multi-year war between two sides , but it was n't . 
  the second chechen war was a very one sided affair as russia 's well prepared military overran the almost entirely unprepared chechen opposition . 
  usually the side that launches the surprise attack is the better prepared for the immediate resumption of hostilities , but we 're supposed to believe that the russians just happened to be ready to invade chechnya at same time the chechens decided to carry out a terrorist attack without mobilizing their forces in preparation for a russian invasion . 
  it 's one thing to vote as a party - in that everyone discusses the issue beforehand and then votes as a unified bloc - but it 's another thing when people who are n't physically present are having their votes cast . 
  if you are n't there , you should n't be able to vote - it 's why russia requires id badges in the voting systems in the duma , but in spite of that there are dozens of unattended id badges and guys going from computer to computer to place votes on behalf of people who are simply not there . 
  because crimea happened so quickly that the ukrainians were caught off guard . 
  by the time donbas rolled around , the ukrainians pretty much figured out that the entire country was going to be sliced up if they did n't resist the russian efforts to destabilize ukraine . 
  it 's like how europe let hitler take czechoslovakia , but went to war over poland . 
  well , you could try creating a country . 
  i recommend granting svalbard independence . 
  i 'm sure they 'll agree to a deal where europe can drop refugees off on the coast in exchange for money , as long as the eu also builds walls around their settlements , and agrees to supply those settlements with free food and ammunition via airdrop . 
  so according to the article ; denmark has social mobility because its high taxes and generous welfare jointly serve to keep the poor from being too poor and the rich from getting too rich , thus creating an environment where the obstacles to success are reasonably surmounted with hard work and ambition - in essence creating something akin theodore roosevelt 's square deal , where success has more to do with hard work than luck . 
  however , because of the relative safety in denmark there 's not an actual difference in social mobility ; the well educated tend to have children who are of similar levels of achievement and the poor tend to have children who do n't move up . 
  after all , if being poor is n't miserable then there may not be much motivation to pursue college . 
  i 'm not saying that the danish way is wrong , only that it does n't encapsulate the american dream . 
  the american dream is a person who works hard and honestly succeeding in life . 
  it is n't a safety net where it 's okay to not scrape by , and pass up opportunities for no other reason than your life is fine and those opportunities are extra work . 
  the american dream does n't have a great deal of sympathy for people who shirk opportunity , because it 's a product of a time period when people could n't ignore the reality that those who did n't work hard tended to see their livelihoods wither and die ( and even many who worked hard , also withered and died ) . 
  on one hand the danish way produces a lot less human suffering , but on the other hand it does n't produce the kind of extremely ambitious people that american prosperity is built upon ( much like how working through periods of unhappiness - rather than simply taking a pill - makes a person more resilient ) . 
  at the end of the day the question comes down to a simple choice ; a place where everyone is taken care of and few things change * or * a place where the weak suffer and the strong thrive and world moves forward ? 
  it 's not an easy question , not when one has to choose between having progress or reducing human suffering . 
  i agree that news in nearly every country is biased , but the thing that sets it above its counterparts in places like russia or china is that it 's a competitive environment . 
  in the united states at least , different media outlets are biased in different directions and the truth generally lies somewhere in between . 
  a truly unbiased media may be impossible to achieve , but a diverse and free media is generally capable of getting to the truth eventually . 
  the more viewpoints that have a voice in the media , the harder it becomes for lies and falsehoods to go unchallenged . 
  on the contrary , china has explored supporting seperatists in india as a military strategy and has also been supportive of okinawa 's various nationalist movements . 
  just because china is less obvious about it , does not mean that they do n't play the same game as the russians . 
  not quite , but the last few since 2004 have been increasingly bizarre . 
  * mccain had to resort to tapping the crazy wing of the republican party to bolster his flagging campaign ; sarah palin is still with us today , albeit increasingly resembling mccain in lucidity . 
  * romney was n't too crazy , as his brand was all about stability and a leave it to beaver style presidency . 
  bringing paul ryan onboard was a little weird , given ryan 's `` numbers expertise '' apparently consisted of basing one 's budget on the assumption that tax cuts would lead to near-universal employment and rising wages . 
  as for this cycle , both parties are running candidates that are near universally despised . 
  democrats have hillary essentially bullying her way to the nomination , and trump won by essentially being the 2nd choice of his primary opponents ' supporters . 
  there 's a reason that 3rd party candidates are polling rather well this season , even if they 're highly unlikely to win ... 
  the thing is , a basque state is one more division for the russians to try to exploit if not bow , then perhaps later . 
  that is how the kremlin sees it . 
  as you know , the eu often does n't act with unity when faced with a crisis . 
  in the eyes of the kremlin , the more eu members there are the easier it is to derail eu actions that require a unanimous vote . 
  i 'm not saying that basque independence is bad or good , only that the kremlin perceives it as a way to weaken europe . 
  when it comes to finding ways to weaken europe , the russians have a history of being rather effective . 
  the goal is n't to create a basque ally , it 's to shatter the rest of the geopolitical landscape into a bunch of tiny countries that are all too divided and individually weak to oppose russia . 
  russia would prefer a europe composed of thousands of san marino sized countries who are always bickering with each other , instead of one continent spanning eu . 
  crimea was so pro-russian , it merely required russian spetsnaz seizing the crimean parliament building , sealing it off , and excluding several lawmakers in order to make them vote for a referendum . 
  crimeans themselves were so pro-russian that it merely required the brutal deaths of several pro-ukrainian demonstrators , to convince voters who did n't want to be part of russia to stay home . . 
  it 's funny how crimeans need russian soldiers to show them how to love russia . 
   if the russian parts want to secede , they do n't . 
  it 's not a coincidence that crimea and donbass only became anti-ukraine after russian citizens with guns took over . 
  like most people , the people in these war torn areas are more interested in safety and access to water , food , and shelter more than anything else . 
  unfortunately for the people , the people deciding things are ~ 20,000 russian citizens who are heavily armed and take their marching orders from the kremlin . 
  it 's not a stupid conflict , it 's a slow motion example of russia 's traditional form of diplomacy . . 
  the azerbaijani government buys plenty of russian weapons , whereas armenia does n't have as much money to match that . 
  putin is many things , but caring for the vulnerable people of the world more than money is not one of those things . 
  given that us forces outnumber all other nato forces combined and the fact that surveys show the majority of europeans were not in favor of coming to the aid of allies if attacked ; it 's not an inaccurate picture . 
  honestly , it 's not eastern europe that is the problem . 
  when it comes to a sense of entitlement about america , the problem is definitely more of a westward one . 
  like i said , the problem is people who can pay for defense that choose not to , who expect america to defend them and then insult america for it . 
  if your country does n't meet that criteria , then there 's no problem . 
  the issue is that there are a few nato members , where public attitudes are incredibly entitled about american defense . 
  no , defending europe is effectively the same as an invasion because the united states is located on the other side of the planet whereas russia is next to europe . 
  the distance between moscow and madrid is less than the distance between new york and las vegas , think about that for a moment . 
  in the same amount of time that it takes american forces on the pacific to make it to america 's atlantic coast , russian airborne forces can be landing on europe 's western coasts . 
  virtually any conventional conflict is going to resemble an invasion/liberation , and putting the burden on the us makes it all the more difficult . 
  i 'm talking about the tens of millions of us soldiers stationed in europe over the course of 71 years , ready to die fighting on the fulda gap , north german plain , and north sea against the soviets . 
  there were no european fleets stationed in alaska to help thwart a soviet invasion of north america . 
  if the soviets attacked canada or the united states directly , few european soldiers were at any risk of directly being in harm 's way . 
  even today , us soldiers are making up significant portions of nato 's rapid response forces ; if russia starts a destabilization campaign in the baltics or poland , americans are going to be among the very first reinforcements and among the first casualties of that conflict . 
  i 'm grateful to our nato allies for honoring their commitments , but the scale of our relative contributions is not something that can be ignored . 
  no one can question the individual bravery and honor of individual soldiers of europe 's nato members for their service , but the issue is that there are so few of them to honor ; no individual european nato member country deployed more than 6,000 soldiers to afghanistan . 
  less than 100 german soldiers have died in afghanistan , and that is not because germans are impervious to bullets - it is because there are so few germans in afghanistan . 
  would you believe that an american contribution to european security of roughly 5,000 soldiers is adequate ? 
  by most estimates , there are currently more us soldiers stationed in europe than the soldiers of all other nato members combined . 
  as an american , i am grateful to our allies for their sacrifices - i just wish that americans did n't outnumber all of our allies combined whenever we go to war as a coalition . 
  it 's not a matter of attitude , it 's a matter of being the one who pays the bills . 
  if america is paying europe 's bills , europe should be grateful . 
  would you want to be in a relationship with someone where you paid their bills , and in return all you got was contempt ? 
  if another country wants to pay to protect europe 's democracies so my country can give its citizens free healthcare and free ~ ~ healthcare ~ ~ university for all who qualify , i 'll be happy to personally thank every single citizen of that country that i meet . 
  it 's not a matter of attitude or platitudes , it 's a matter of those who make sacrifices deserve to be recognized for that sacrifice . 
  how about respect ? 
  so many europeans have this smug attitude of entitlement where they intentionally fail to adequately fund their military ( with the expectation that america will make up for it with their own spending ) , and they then criticize america for its `` militarism/world police/etc '' instead of spending money on social programs like europe does . 
  we can understand not having money to pay for defense , the issue is that many european countries that are completely able to pay for defense choose not to honor their commitments , force america to bear the extra burden , and then insult the united states . 
  ** if your country can pay for its defense , then please do so . 
  if your country can not pay for its defense , at least be respectful enough not to insult those who help you . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  ** put yourself in the shoes of everyday americans ( who do n't have socialized medicine , do n't have free college , or any other of a plethora of social programs that many europeans take for granted ) , if your sons and brothers were on foreign soil defending ready to die on behalf of a country on the other side of the world ; would it be too much to ask that those countries at least recognize the sacrifice your country was making on their behalf ? 
   it does n't matters how many guns you have , you ca n't rules a land against to will of it 's people . 
  obviously you 've never seen how a prison works ; with enough gates , guns , and well manned guard-posts less than ten people can control a thousand . 
  plenty of governments rule despite the will of the people , as its rare to see a population so adverse to their government that they are willing to die fighting it . . 
  it 's not a matter of stupidity , but a matter of principles and if everything so far about erdogan and the akp is any indication of things to come ; they 're rather lacking when it comes to things like integrity . 
  erdogan 's supporters ( much like erdogan himself ) see the law as something that should always benefit them , and will do their best to circumvent it whenever inconvenient things like due process or burden of proof get in the way of their plans . 
  the last time there was major opposition to erdogan ( which was centered around the kurdish parties , in alliance with other anti-akp parties ) , opposition rallies started to get hit with bombings from isis among other things due to `` lax security '' . 
  break the power of the islamists , in all things . 
  * make/enforce laws that clerics can be held liable for violence committed by those who listen to their sermons . 
  * make/enforce laws that hold charities liable for violence committed by employees or recipients of their aid . 
  charities are effectively the shadow government of the islamist system , and targeting thode which are effectively nurturing terrorism is crucial . 
  * break up the banlieues , and undertake efforts to disperse the muslim population within france so that diversity actually means neighborhoods where a rich mosaic of different people live instead of fiefdoms where islam and organized crime have fused into a taliban-like entity whose only rule is to profit at the expense of france . 
  * prepare to deport ( or incarcerate if they can not be deported ) tens or hundreds of thousands of people for decades , as this will be required to effectively remove those individuals who are toxic to integration efforts . 
  the only place in france for muslims who style themselves as a mix of jihadis and thugs should be a prison cell , with a multi-decade sentence to keep them removed from society until those beards of theirs have turned white . 
  all of these things are doable , but require courage and unshakeable faith in the righteousness of the french republic 's founding ideals .
