  they 're actually suing on the basis of those secular laws , secularism is neither for nor against religion . 
  neutrality on religion is what differentiates secularism from atheism or theocracy ; a secular society ignores religion , an atheist society attacks it , and a theocracy embraces religion ( while usually attacking other religions with zeal ) . 
  the mayor obviously had muslims in mind when he created this law , using the powers of the state to penalize a religious belief . 
  they are arguing that because this law is specifically intended to harm a religion , it violates french laws on secularism . 
  i guess it comes down to whether french courts take intent into account when looking to see whether a law is constitutional . 
  if not , this does open the door to all sorts of laws that are technically secular but deeply involved with religious matters in practice . 
  having seen plenty of similar legislation in my own country , i can tell you that the people who tend to be the most active about attacking religion are usually those with theocratic tendencies . 
  it 's not the secular and progressive parts of my country that are trying to pass laws targeting islam , it 's places where they try to display the ten commandments in front of courthouses . 
  one of the biggest hallmarks of a theocratic person is that they support the majority religion , and exclusively finding ways to make life unpleasant for muslims is definitely a sign of that . 
  in my opinion , secularism cuts both ways . 
  the government should not support religion nor should it be used to harm religion , and i think that the latter has happened even under the most stringent criteria : pork only meals do n't help anyone ( except perhaps pig farmers ) but they adversely affect tens of thousands of muslim students . 
  for those of you who may be wondering why there is no chicken , beef , lamb , or fish options - it 's because the right wing mayor of the town in question ordered pork only meals , non-pork meals were removed from the school menu . 
  if it 's wrong for muslims to try to force halal diets on everyone else , is n't it also wrong to go out of your way to try to get muslims to eat pork or go hungry ? 
  the schools had meals that complied with jewish and muslim dietary guidelines , basically anything with chicken or beef or fish or lamb or even venison would have been fine - french cuisine does involve more than just pork . 
  it 's not like it would have cost more either , since the schools only switched to all pork meals after the mayor ordered them to . 
  the previous situation where the school menu had some amount of variety in meat suited muslims and jews fine - if you have two different meat options , odds are that they ca n't both be pork at the same time . 
  tl : dr racist mayor orders schools to serve nothing but pork in meals , banning any non-pork school issued lunches . 
  at least this time they already have a flag , even if it does require a bit of restoration to its proper colors . 
  they 'll defeat the space red coats in no time . 
  moonmerica shall rise up !, 
  every 24 hours , to be precise . 
  germans in the immediate postwar period were n't that introspective ; they were more interested in getting prisoners released than anything else ( including some very high ranking nazis ) . 
  it was in the 60s that you saw a new generation come of age that wanted to make sure that the holocaust 's millions of deaths would n't be forgotten in an atmosphere of public silence . 
  russia has n't had that change in its society yet , seeing as how many russians defend things like the molotov-ribontrop pact specifically and the soviet union in general . 
  that is kind of how the last war started , the russian provoked and provoked and provoked until the georgians finally responded with force . 
  honestly , the only way for russia 's neighbors to have peace and dignity ( barring a change in russian society the same way german society changed in the 60s ) is to acquire to nuclear weapons . 
  it 's a point of pride for many russians how some of their neighbors are poorer/weaker than them . 
  if you looked at the things russians say about ukraine , they almost mirror the negative stereotypes perpetuated about russians . 
  of course , europe and the united states just laugh at russia whereas russia sends soldiers and actually destabilizes its neighbors . 
  i live near yosemite national park and i ca n't even count the amount of tourists who do n't seem to realize that people can die or seriously hurt themselves if they 're not careful off the walking paths . 
  every year i see people in sandals trying to [ climb these boulders ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=yosemite+waterfall&amp;client=ms-android-att-us&amp;source=lnms&amp;prmd=in&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmi9cnu0ocdxwivglcich2pmqe6&amp;biw=640&amp;bih=360#imgrc=kyj2y6nkmprvdm%3a ) , which are often wet . 
  one memory that sticks out was a german woman with two young boys on those very rocks - they looked about 8 or 10 - she was stuck since the rock she 'd just come over was too steep to climb back over and she had a considerable gap between her and the next rock ( and she could n't leave her kids either ) . 
  i helped her and her kids get off the rocks and onto the dirt bank , but there 's plenty of people who get desperate and get hurt - so many people do n't know how to ask for help and end up hurting themselves . 
  a few years ago , some israeli tourists went over the waterfall because they did n't realize how strong the current was . 
  there is no bowl feature on yosemite 's waterfalls unlike victoria falls , where you can sit on the edges of the falls . 
  a lot of europeans let the similarities of the united states blind them from some of the major differences in geography - america is big ( they often run out of gas ) , lots of animals in the desert are poisonous ( including gila monsters ) , and the united states does have extremes in weather ( a lot of tourists are new to high heat ) . 
  usually this sort of thing results in situations that are good for a chuckle or two as you help the tourists out of their trouble , but sometimes it 's tragic . 
  everyone knows that belarus caught all those fish from the pripyat river , you just have to stick your finger in the water and a catfish will appear ( for best results , have a black mustache and a cult of personality ) . 
  it 's the kind of thing that you 'd see from someone who has read a bit about america , but does n't have the firsthand experience to identify what information is more credible . 
  we americans love to talk about all sorts of divisions ( our college football organization and which team is in which conference on a given year can be downright byzantine ) , but the differences are easily misunderstood . 
  we 're partly to blame , as we see our unity as a given and do n't bother imparting just how connected the united states is in spite of its size and differences . 
  some of it was brought in without being declared and some of it is just unclear . 
  in at least one case ; food was labeled as being brazilian in origin but russian authorities could n't confirm it , so they destroyed the food . 
  the difficulty of confirming whether a product is genuine or not is no small task , especially when it 's something like food products . 
  as for bringing food into russia , enforcement is only as good as the person who is doing the inspection . 
  say you have a polish food product and you want to ship it to russia , you can send the food to some country russia is trading with and have an intermediary either relabel the packaging ( often with stickers that can be peeled off by the end user ) . 
  there is n't a country in the world with enough customs officers to inspect every cargo container in detail . 
  at any rate , russia has long had issues with smuggling . 
  the longest borders in the world and a lot of corruption go hand in hand to facilitate smuggling . 
  so you do n't consider the impact craters from smoke grenades on the estonian side of the border to be strong evidence ? 
  estonian security personnel found signs of a struggle on the estonian side of the border along with impressions on the band of raked sand that runs on the border indicating that multiple people had moved into estonia and then back into russia . 
  russian border guards agreed with that analysis until the russian government announced that they had arrested a `` spy '' . 
  no , especially if we 're talking about the eu and not nato . 
  europe 's conventional military strength has been neglected for the better part of two decades . 
  if we 're not counting american forces , europe does n't have much in terms of military projection ability . 
  for example , when france and britain were bombing libya , they got replenishment munitions from the united states and france used us tankers to refuel their aircraft in mali . 
  the threat posed by russia is multifaceted . 
  its * green men * who are a mixture of russian special forces , provocateurs , and filibusters require a swift and decisive response , something that europe 's current eu security architecture is n't capable of . 
  even if the eu has the forces necessary to beat what effectively amount to light infantry battalions , the political will to deploy them is another matter . 
  russia 's conventional military is quite formidable , especially against anyone who only has a limited number of tanks . 
  the russian strategy is to basically force their enemy to fight a war on the ground through massive amounts of aa vehicles , and then to win the ground war by massive numbers of vehicles with powerful offensive capabilities and high mobility . 
  europe 's conventional military forces just does n't seem to have enough forces to last long in the kind of grinding slugging match the russians intended to fight . 
  part of it is because britain 's colonies are like various facets of its own national identity grown into full fledged countries . 
  it 's not that they do n't feel connected to europe , but that their former colonies are so much more similar to them . 
  it is n't called the anglosphere for nothing . 
  of course not , the age old `` not on my border , not my problem '' mentality is alive and well . 
  far too many people in europe do n't understand that you have a strong military to prevent danger in the first place , not as a response to an already well developed threat . 
  when there 's a choice between expanding their military while maintaining current spending or reducing spending while maintaining the current military , most european countries have chosen the latter . 
  most go beyond that and reduce military capabilities altogether , since there 's no immediate threat . 
  it 's the equivalent of getting rid of your medical care system because you are n't currently sick . 
  by the time you get sick , it 's probably too late to rebuild the entire medical care system in time to save you . 
  they should be maintaining a strong military to deter threats , instead of letting the threats grow and develop into existential threats . 
  the current approach increases the odds of war . 
  maybe if you are fighting on the other side of the world or for the air force or special operations , but not for wars fought close to home with infantry . 
  for example it only takes one man to drive a truck carrying enough supplies to sustain 40 men for a week , and as technology has made logistics more efficient through automation that number is only going to shrink . 
  in afghanistan , the united states was testing drones to resupply forward operating bases . 
  at any rate , in war you 're going to lose infantry at a far greater rate than clerks . 
  in virtually every modern war , it 's clerks and other non combatants that are reassigned into combat units rather than the other way around . 
  i am not saying that women do n't have a place in the military , i am saying that women are n't going to perform in an infantry unit . 
  the person who i initially responded to felt that a fit woman was better than an out of shape man , ignoring the reality that basic training can put a man into shape but it can not give women the ability to compete physically against the hundreds of thousands of years of natural selection favoring physical strength and aggression in men . 
  they may be doing that , but the united states generally only acquires chips that are used in military purposes from domestic production lines - foreign countries have inserted espionage equipment into exports before - and assuming that russia is using the same chips for the same purposes , they have to use american sources . 
  microchips are also not an industry where cheap labor is a factor , so it might be cheaper to buy chips in the united states . 
  it is worth noting the united states wo n't export military products beyond a certain capability to taiwan ( such as submarine periscope lenses ) due to the threat of chinese espionage . 
  presumably , that would also apply to having taiwan build chips for us military purposes . 
   people are saying that russia is stupid for not allowing in ngos , i say that doing so is the best decision to accomplish their goals . 
  let me give you an example , russia targeted an ngo called dynasty , whose purpose was the funding of educational scholarships and other scientific ventures . 
  russia declared dynasty to be a `` foreign agent '' and the foundation shut down . 
  dmitry zimin ( the billionaire who turned to philanthropy ) does n't need american money . 
  this idea that ngos are american fronts ignores the fact that the vast majority of the ngos shut down were organizations run by russians with a history of exposing corrupt practices or otherwise embarrassing the russian government - including the committee of soldier 's mothers , an organization dedicated to the welfare of russian soldiers ( particularly conscripts ) . 
  it 's not about espionage or america , it 's about shutting down anyone who exposes corruption or reveals incompetence in the government . 
  are you going to say that russia does n't have corruption or that a government has the right to cover up it 's own incompetence ? 
  banning ngos is like ending a country all welfare programs to prevent fraud , the amount of actual fraud prevented will pale in comparison to the amount of people who are now without aid . 
  the us has n't actually overthrown any democracy that was a real democracy , during the cold war we overthrew democracies that were turning to communism to prevent the inevitable mass murders and destruction that communism inevitably creates - millions upon millions of russians , chinese , ukrainians , koreans , and cambodians all died because that is the inevitable product of communism . 
  the only legitimate form of government is democracy , a democracy that rejects communism entirely . 
  since the end of the cold war , the united states has n't overthrown anyone except dictatorships . 
  all dictators live on borrowed time in one way or another , it 's better that we create a democracy than to simply see one dictatorship replace another . 
  communism is ultimately the extermination of all human life should it progress to its final state , fortunately humanity prevailed and the people of russia and china ultimately rejected communism . 
  military training is n't the same thing as infantry training and when it comes to combat arms ( which is what the person i was responding to was talking about ) , i have yet to see the military of a country that does n't have its infantry rucking for at least 24 hours straight with minimal breaks at least once during training . 
  does the your army not do that with its infantry ? 
  except for the fact that it is n't * targeted underming * and more a case of people wanting to emulate the good things that they see abroad combined with america wanting to bolster independent political action abroad - in a democracy , it 's unhealthy for all political movement to be entirely dependent on the government for initiation .
