  let me know when the vatican has its swiss guard start carrying out beheadings of infidels . 
  there is a catholic state , and it 's nowhere near as violent as your interpretation of catholicism ought to suggest . 
  the bible ( old testament ) may be in support of violence , but no major christian denomination supports violence . 
  the only actual christian state , is ruled by a leader who washed the feet of refugees of another r religion . 
  muslim religious figures often refuse to shake hands with women . . 
  that 's because the radicals tend to be from subsequent generations , rather than immigrants . 
  the million plus muslims who have come into germany and the rest of europe are n't going to have too many radicals amongst them , but the 2nd and subsequent generations will . 
  you only have to look at places like france and britain to see the process . 
  to be fair , that is largely because the liberals never genuinely held power in the first place . 
  the thieves were able to use their loot to pay bribes ( whereas those who did n't steal , did n't have money to bribe ) and seize power . 
  a few liberal reformers in a government where thieves hold the real positions of power , is n't something that can be blamed on the liberals . 
  hardly . . 
  hundreds of thousands of people on the other hand , moving across the globe in search of the most generous welfare package is a very different situation from what most sensible people would call asylum seekers . 
  how exactly do you think napoleon was able to conquer most of europe in such a short period of time ? 
  a lot of the building blocks for a very powerful militarized state had already been laid by previous french monarchs ; they just lacked a coherent strategic vision . 
  there was definitely a military-commercial interest group within the french court by the 17th century . 
  i 'll try to answer your questions : * the united states can leave nato . 
  if europe does n't feel the need to defend itself to a reasonable degree , there 's no reason why american soldiers should be there . 
  * honestly , that depends on how well the 2 % is spent . 
  if it 's wasted on personnel costs instead of new equipment , 2 % does n't mean a lot in terms of improvement . 
  the 2 % of gdp figure is meant to provide for a reasonably formidable military that is interoperable with other nato member forces . 
  the 2 % figure is a rough estimate of what it takes to build such a military . 
  a highly efficient use of resources might mean that under 2 % can work ( nobody is even close to being that efficient right now btw ) . 
  * nato did n't always have guidelines for military spending . 
  it became an issue after the severe reduction in european military forces following the collapse of the soviet union . 
  the 2 % guideline is relatively new , and i 'm sure that europe would like to meet it , but it 's not always that easy . 
  the 2 % guideline is sort of like a new year 's resolution ; you want to achieve it , but sometimes the will to make it happen is lacking . 
  the united states is n't there to defend germany ? 
  i guess that germany does n't have any problems with the united states moving bases from germany to poland or other european countries who expressly desire american bases , right ? 
   why do you wish us to hide the emotion which seizes us all , men and women , who are here , at home , in paris that stood up to liberate itself and that succeeded in doing this with its own hands ? 
  we will not hide this deep and sacred emotion . 
  these are minutes which go beyond each of our poor lives . 
  paris !, 
  paris outraged !, 
  paris broken !, 
  paris martyred !, 
  but paris liberated !, 
  liberated by itself , liberated by its people with the help of the french armies , with the support and the help of all france , of the france that fights , of the only france , of the real france , of the eternal france !, 
  how strange , i ca n't imagine why roosevelt might have had an issue with degaulle 's personality . . 
  how else do you think russia became so large , yet remained so empty ? 
  in case you have n't noticed , the middle east is n't a good place to be different from the majority ethnic/religious/etc group and it especially is n't a good place to be on the losing side of a uprising ; when you combine the two , you get ethnic cleansing . 
  you only need to look at the case of the kurds after they tried to rise up against saddam hussain , he killed tens of thousands of them in the anfal genocide . 
  bashar al-assad is literally a shia version of saddam hussain , the turks are notorious for their disregard for human rights when dealing with kurdish separatists , and the iranians have no issue with supporting people like assad and taking hard measures against sunni muslims ( the kurds are mostly sunni ) , and it 's not the shia iraqis are about to suddenly become the region 's biggest pacifists . 
  genocide is normal in that part of the world . 
  at 16 , there is reasonable expectation of right and wrong . 
  it 's not like she was a child abducted by a militia from age 6 and then raised to be a soldier . 
  this is someone who spent her entire life in western europe , going to german schools , living in a pluralistic society , with two parents who were typical germans themselves ( no islamic extremist influences from them ) . 
  if you have spent your entire life raised in an environment that promotes values like human rights , sexual and racial equality , and democracy ; it 's not unreasonable to hold you responsible for choosing totally alien values and then committing crimes based on those new values . 
  they have an autonomous region of their own in iraq , which is something that they can lose . 
  there is also the fact that a war of independence will make their continued existence seen as a security threat to iraq , syria , iran , and turkey . 
  it 's easily imaginable to see a victorious iraq , iran , syria , and turkey collaborate to eliminate the kurdish population in the middle east in much the same way that the middle east has relatively few christians . 
  when it comes to assad , it 's better to judge him by his actions than his words ( he claims to be democratically elected , he claims to not torture or use chemical weapons , and he claims that the civil war was started by criminal gangs rather than his use of force ) . 
  if you believe that he wants anything other than total control of all syria , you need to reexamine the evidence . 
  anything assad has said to placate the kurds is merely his way of trying to find a way to fight one enemy at a time . 
  the kurds may not be at the top of his lost , but they 're still on the list . 
  the simple truth is that independent kurdistan is unlikely to happen without significant bloodshed . 
  iraq , turkey , syria , and iran all have significant amounts of territory that could be lost if their respective kurdish populations successfully joined those parts to a independent kurdistan . 
  whether or not they deserve it , the bottom line is that it would likely lead to a war where the kurds would be outnumbered and surrounded ; the middle east has plenty of examples of what the winners do to the losing side when they tried to become independent and fail , so you can imagine what would happen to the kurds afterwards . . 
  the third option is the option we 're all pursuing right now ; starve them out . 
  they can either have normal trade and relations , or they can have a peninsula that they ca n't do anything with on their own ( they had to smuggle siemens turbines onto the peninsula because their own industry lacked the capacity to produce them ) . 
  keep the sanctions on russia until russia is desperate enough to give up the peninsula ; they collapsed twice in the 20th century , narrowly avoided a 3rd collapse in the 90s with plenty of help from the united states and europe , and it 's highly likely that putin 's death will plunge the country into chaos yet again . 
  at the very least , it 'll be a study in the two outcomes of referendums : * the kurdistan referendum is opposed by the iraqi government and the iraqi constitution lacks any sort of mechanism for seperation . 
  the iraqi government position is that the referendum would have to involve all iraqis . 
  prior to arab spring , a good number of people believed that the kurdish independence aspirations would be the cause of iraq 's next war . 
  there are a lot of deployed and armed kurds and armed shia units in iraq , and it would n't take much to have them turn away from isis and towards each other . 
  * the catalonian independence referendum is going to be ignored by spain , but the overall risk of violence is minimal since the catalonians do n't have an army or the show much indication of revolting and the spanish government is unlikely to deploy the army , lest it legitimize the independence movement as a threat . 
  as for how a nation becomes a country , when it can successfully defend its sovereignty to the point where it is accepted as a nation by the rest of the world . 
  when someone travels from their sub-saharan africa to libya , they 're not a refugee ; libya only has about 6 million people ( it 's mostly desert after all ) , and most of the actual refugees go to egypt to look for work rather than risk their lives in the mediterranean . 
  the vast majority of the people crossing the mediterranean are sub-saharan africans . 
  the shipyard is in france , it 's not `` italian rather than european '' if it 's an eu-wide company doing work across the eu . 
  the french offer is basically `` italy buys the shipyard , but does n't actually get to run the shipyard '' ( because anything less than 51 % might as well be 1 % if there is a disagreement on how to run the shipyard ) . 
  i will repeat : france and italy are both eu members , nato members , and have a history of joint military projects ( such as the fremm frigates ) . 
  france can either be part of the eu or it can be ` independent ' ; it ca n't be both . 
  there is n't a strategic issue . 
  the shipyard is still physically in france and unlikely to sneak away , the french navy does n't currently have any vessels under construction that are so large that it needs the shipyard , and even if it did it 's not like the italians would refuse military contracts . 
  the reasons put forth for not letting the italians build a naval version of airbus do n't hold up to scrutiny ; they are part of the eu , they are part of nato , and they have a history of collaboration with france on military projects . 
  french defense firms have been able to buy up defense companies across europe ; thales , airbus , and even dcns all have made major foreign acquisitions to build up into the forms we now recognize today . 
  it would be hypocrisy for france to buy up other european firms , but not allow other europeans to buy french assets . 
  they may not understand the specifics of the technology , but they can find someone who does to help them if they say `` we have money , who can give us what we want ? '', 
  the only thing worse than a restrictive system is a restrictive system run by people who are clumsy and lack a deep understanding of what they are doing . 
  if they knew what they were doing , the uk would probably get some sort of filtering , id based identification to log on to the internet , and expanded viewing access depending on who you are ( lest any of the actual child molesters in positions of power be inconvenienced ) . 
  since they do n't know what they 're doing , i would n't be surprised if they settled for an actual lightswitch to turn off the internet for 99 % of the uk . 
  yes opinion has shifted over time , but that does n't mean that older opinions are more accurate than more recent ones ; for example , in april of 1945 plenty of germans felt that what we now call the holocaust was exaggerated or some sort of propaganda . 
  in post-war france , the communists were quite popular for a time as they 'd been a major element of the french resistance and support for the soviet union was quite high until many people in france had to decide whether their first loyalty lay with democracy or with communism . 
  the belief that the soviets had such a major role was motivated largely by communist sympathies towards the soviets , and as it became apparent that soviet `` liberation '' meant domination many people in france lost faith in communism . 
  it 's not too different from being a fan of a certain player of a sports team , and giving that player too much credit for the team 's win . 
  in this case , many people were fans of communism and tended to give the soviets more credit than they probably deserved . 
  allow me to shed some light on a subject that russian history does n't cover too much . 
  * in 1928 , at the sixth commitern congress the soviet union [ adopted the tenet that the primary foe of the communists was social fascism ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_fascism ) and thus placed the social democrats ( and other non-communist socialist movements ) as a greater enemy than the nazis . 
  this meant that the german communist party ( kpd ) was not to work with the social democrats against the nazis or other righting groups , but could work with the nazis or other rightwing groups against the spd . 
  * [ in december of 1928 , stalin made a deal with a coalition of german arms producers called the ` union of industrialists ' . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany\u2013soviet_union_relations_before_1941#the_.22third_period.22https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany\u2013soviet_union_relations_before_1941#the_.22third_period.22 ) until now , the combined votes of the social democrats and communists had been enough to stop the approval of further german arms spending . 
  stalin ordered the german communists to approve further german military spending , and in exchange for this the union agreed to sell german arms to the soviet union ( for hard currency , not rubles ) . 
  * as part of this bargain , the german communists were explicitly ordered by stalin to vote with the nazis and other right wing german parties and do everything possible to oppose the social democrats . 
  in 1931 for example , the communist party of prussia ( the largest of germany 's regional communist parties ) referred to the nazi 's as * `` working people 's comrades '' * in its official newspaper and ernst thalman even adopted the slogan * `` after the nazis , our turn '' * in the belief that a nazi government would be a step towards a kpd government . 
  * from 1928 until the election of the nazis , the kpd voted for every right wing policy the nazis wanted . 
  needless to say , nothing helps a party gain popularity like actually passing its agenda , and having the kpd help push nazi policies made hitler extremely popular by the simple fact that hitler was getting things done . 
  after the nazis took power , they arrested the communists and in short order being a member of the kpd was considered sufficient evidence for imprisonment . 
  stalin had the german communists collaborate with hitler in order to destroy the social democrats and obtain weapons . 
  ` the third period ' is the time period when stalin collaborated with the various right wing interests in germany to attack the social democrats .
