  europe dismantled much of its military and the united states has commitments in asia that require its military focus . 
  coupled with the fact that russia 's influence in germany allowed it to paralyze the eu decision making process , it 's not too hard to see how the situation unfolded . 
  my honest opinion is that we have to wait for the russian reserve fund to run out , which is generally estimated to last another 1 to 3 years . 
  after that happens , the russians are going to be a lot more pliable with every passing week . 
  there are plenty of better guns that outperform the kalashnikov in nearly every way , but the thing is that they are expensive or simply not available in large quantities . 
  if you 're a person in the developing world , you usually ca n't afford a $ 5,000 weapon and even if you could it probably would n't be available for purchase . 
  the kalashnikov is cheap and it 's available , and it 's better than the most of the firearms in the category of cheap and available . 
  the russians have violated turkish airspace repeatedly , not just once . 
  at any rate , being civilized towards the kremlin is perceived by them as weakness and an invitation to further violations - we have a war in ukraine because we pretended the war in georgia was a one time thing . 
  at any rate , russia did n't condemn its ally syria when it shot down a turkish f-4 without warning . 
  that incident is what escalated the entire area to the point where shooting down aircraft is a very possible event . 
  the turks could n't tell a russian plane from a syrian one by radar alone since both air forces operate soviet aircraft , and if a pilot flying from out of syria is going to ignore warnings the turkish military is n't going to miss a chance to pay the syrians back . 
  i agree with your sentiments , but the sad history of the russian government leads me to doubt that this is realistically going to improve anything . 
  roscosmos had a cultural problem , and unless the new russian state corporation is going to be staffed by entirely different people from the previous institution it 's going to have the same issue . 
  when there 's a cultural problem , it takes time and intense effort focused on doing things right until they become the new normal . 
  given that similar problems in other parts of russia 's government and economy have n't been fixed , i 'm not hopeful that roscosmos is suddenly going to be different . 
  because 50 years ago those countries were desperately poor and undeveloped . 
  india , brazil and china still have plenty of poverty-stricken regions , but the point is that they 've made massive strides forward whereas russia has actually regressed . 
   it still has borrowing capacity , does it not ? 
  not really , since the sanctions limit russia to loans that must be paid back within a 30 day period . 
  put together with the overall declining state of the russian economy and there are n't many options when it comes to borrowing on anything except terms which are incredibly exploitative . 
  and russia used to be a tributary state of crimea at one point , history is n't a permanent status . 
  russia annexed crimea in 1783 , crimea was part of russian empire for 134 years , and the soviet union for 70 years . 
  the soviet union is not the legal successor to the russian empire . 
  this idea that crimea has * always * been part of russia runs contrary to the facts , crimea has been a part of the territory run by moscow for a shorter period of time than the united states has existed . 
  am i the only one who finds the series of russian attempts to show that crimea is part of russia hilarious ? 
  they declare a woman from crimea to be russia 's most beautiful woman , put nuclear weapons on the peninsula , and now are issuing banknotes featuring it ; it 's classic over compensation . 
  it does n't matter if russia keeps telling itself that crimea is part of russia , nobody else is going to accept that except for the few countries where russian money matters more than respecting international law . 
  when i hear people who support russian aggression in crimea decry `` us imperialism '' in the same sentence , it 's hard not to laugh . 
  there 's an old saying that i believe is very true ; * the louder and more often that you have to say something , the less true it probably is * . 
  russia keeps shouting that crimea is russian , something that i believe is a little less true everytime that russia repeats it ; you do n't see the united states shouting that hawaii is american territory nor do you see britain screaming that northern ireland is british over and over . 
  everyone knows that crimea is n't russian territory , and deep down the russians probably suspect it too ; hence the flashy displays designed to say that crimea is russian territory whereas there are practically no such displays for many places widely accepted as russian territory such as the far eastern regions . 
  russia can say that crimea is russian all it likes , but it only makes russia look insecure a little more each time . 
  in most cases , it went like this : boss/party leader tells you that instead of making widgets or edible paste tomorrow , you and the rest of the factory/town/labor unit will attend an event . 
  so you dress up in the proper attire and go to the designated location ( often your place of employment for simplicity 's sake ) where a bus picks you up and takes you to the event . 
  at the event , you chant whatever the leader chants and generally try to get through the event without incident . 
  if you 're lucky , there are still some sort of refreshments available and pretty women to ogle while you try to get through this event . 
  if you 're unlucky , the refreshments are gone and your seats are bad and you have to avoid doing any urges that the watchers would deem unpatriotic ( such as falling asleep , looking bored , appearing uninterested in the leader 's speech , etc ) . 
  with a little luck , you 'll make it through the day okay and possibly earn a day 's pay for just standing around . 
  it 's not too different in principle than how children have to attend family functions at their parents orders , or how north korean elections have a nearly 100 % voter turnout because not voting for the leader will be noticed . 
  you have to go , it 's not optional in any realistic sense . 
  poland has already offered asylum to refugees only to see them leave within a week or two for germany or some other wealthier european country . 
  if germany wants to help raise poland 's standard of living and thus its attractiveness to asylum seekers by reducing the german trade surplus by buying polish goods , i doubt the poles would mind . 
  the real crux of the problem is how germany came to find itself inundated with hundreds of thousands of people . 
  the eu is a shared house , and the germans basically invited too many guests into the house and now want everyone else to help germany out ; they have , but the issue remains that nothing is stopping the current problem from recurring . 
  when one member is essentially so dominant in the eu that they are free to make blunders without any repercussions , it damages the entire union . 
  the eu has a problem where germany is essentially free to do whatever it wants , no matter how unwise it may be . 
  it 's not like the germans are evil or intentionally malicious , but rather its the simple fact that when a giant walks everyone else feels it . 
  no polish president set off a human tidal wave by saying something that was misheard by millions of people living in the developing world . 
  * east berlin was effectively the nerve center of the soviet union 's forward military elements . 
  in the event of war , information from the front would have flowed from the front lines to berlin and then onto moscow . 
  * berlin would be a main transportation hub for the movement of soldiers and supplies prior to dispersing to various frontline units in the event of war . 
  it has extensive railways , highways , and canals that all facilitate movement . 
  in the event of a soviet seizure of the city in the opening hours of the war , the city 's large number of airports could fly in thousands of planes from across the warsaw pact in a matter of hours ( not unlike the berlin airlift ) . 
  * the hydrogen bomb only came about in the second half of the 50s , and even after that a significant amount of us weapons were closer to tactical weapons rather than strategic . 
  there were far more weapons like the davy crockett nuclear recoilless rifle than weapons like the atlas missile , for the simple fact that a recoilless rifle is easier to field than an icbm . 
  with that in mind , us military planners built their strategies around weapons that they knew they could count on as opposed to what would be the most effective and efficient weapon system . 
  if you have a failure rate of even 10 % , it 's better to have 91 recoilless rifles and have 82 successful missions overall than to launch 1 icbm and potentially have no successful missions at all ; you do n't put all your eggs in one basket . 
  because destructive as nuclear war is , it was important that we lost sight of the fact that we had to plan to wage it or else we would lose it . 
  germany was where the best equipped soviet forces were , and berlin was where the vast majority of their headquarters were . 
  it only makes sense that it would be bombed in the event of nuclear war . 
  i 'm a firefighter , but that 's mostly because it pays well and it pays overtime whereas writing and having insights on geopolitics usually does n't . 
  i have a degree in history , which is great if you 're able to hustle opportunities ( i.e. 
  writing books , doing shows , being an expert on a suddenly relevant subject , etc ) but it does n't lend itself to a steady income too easily . 
  as i explained to a friend once ; lots of firefighters have boats and an easy time picking up pretty women , whereas few analysts and journalists do . 
  erdogan did show restraint , he repeatedly warned russia that the airspace violations were completely unacceptable . 
  it 's not erdogan who is in charge of the deployment of russian military aircraft . 
  the russian pilot who was shot down was warned on a mutually agreed radio frequency that he was in turkish airspace , and most revealingly his wingman was able to heed that warning . 
  if your wingman can heed the warning , then there 's no reason why you should not be able to as well ; the wingman could certainly have warned him if it was a matter of the su-24 lacking the equipment to listen to guard frequency . 
  it 's become something of a sad trope as nato 's members who are far away from russia urge those who have to regularly deal russian violations of their sovereignty to `` show restraint '' . 
  appeasement does n't work , and russia has a habit of seeing compromise as an admission of being wrong . 
  no , it has n't been for a while . 
  economic power is more important than military power , primarily because you can leverage it more often and with far less risk . 
  if a trade agreement falls through , it 's not a big deal whereas losing a war or even suffering a major battle defeat is not only a loss of military assets but also damaging to national prestige . 
  russia 's ability to exercise influence is limited by the fact that it can send tanks to foreign countries but relatively little aid . 
  this is especially true when dealing with countries beyond russia 's immediate periphery . 
  russian influence in europe is already checked by nato and the eu , and the middle east is effectively too unstable for russian influence in the region to have lasting positive benefits for russia , leaving asia as russia 's only attractive geopolitical frontier . 
  internationally , the increasing development of countries like india , china , south korea , and singapore in asia has reduced russian influence simply by offering a myriad of alternatives to dealing with russia . 
  that competition is compounded by the fact that russia does n't produce a lot of things anymore . 
  russia does n't export machine tools , electronic components , engines , or other developed goods in substantial numbers . 
  it 's economy resembles a colony more than anything else . 
  russia has a decent military , but the usefulness of a military is limited . 
  this is especially true when the military in question lacks reach . 
  russia has relatively small force projection capabilities , and this greatly reduces the usefulness of military power further . 
  for military power alone to make a nation into a world power , the military needs to have a global reach . 
  power that is usable is preferable to power that is not , and virtually all forms of russian military power are essentially unusable . 
  good luck , but russia has a long history of failing to support even its acknowledged soldiers ; there 's plenty of afghan war veterans who were literally left to die on the streets after being maimed while serving . 
  a quarter of russian men are dead before 55 , so you do n't see too much of this anymore but for a long time it used to be quite common to see crowds of men in rags with missing limbs holding up medals and begging by the side of the metro . 
  the embassy employees used to refer to them as stump squads , poor platoons , cripple companies , and beggar battalions when referring to the varying size and difficulty of navigating through various metro stations since the prospect of generous ( by russian standards ) americans tended to attract their efforts and it was easy to get seriously delayed given the sheer numbers of veterans . 
  it 's unlikely that the kremlin 's view on the well being of russian soldiers is going to change anytime soon . 
  the experience in ukraine is full of russian soldiers being treated as expendable , with many of those who are killed being denied benefits by having their deaths listed as training accidents . 
  all too often the lives of russian people have been secondary concerns to the interests of the russian state , given that the current head of state is a product of the soviet union 's system it 's unlikely that anything is going to change in the foreseeable future . 
   i 'd rather europe cut ties with the us and sit between russia and the usa as it should be geographically and politically and how exactly do you justify that ? 
  * economically , russia is a dwarf . 
  they have about 30 % of the world 's resources and still produce less than japan , a nation with practically no natural resources . 
  * militarily , they spend less on defense than saudi arabia . 
  they have serious issues with quality when it comes to their aerospace industry , which is only getting worse as the older workforce retires . 
  they 've had a serious degradation of their shipbuilding industry , in case you had n't noticed . 
  * politically , russia is dominated by a government that believes in principles that run counter to the very essence of democracy . 
  if europe was politically more like russia , europe would see its best and brightest emigrating to the united states the same way that many of russia 's best and brightest already have .
