  look at it a different way . 
  i personally think it will be a return to the days of bush and putin - where putin was nervous enough about bush 's willingness to make irresponsible choices that putin largely refrained from foreign adventurism . 
  instead of sane and cool obama , the full power of the united states armed forces are now in the hands of donald `` why ca n't i use nukes ? '', 
  this is a man who wo n't think twice about hitting putin immediately when angered . 
  instead of putin causing chaos and relying on the united states and europe to try to avoid war , he has to deal with a very volatile us president who has far more firepower than he does . 
  he is far more likely to try to avoid confrontation , because he knows that donald trump could easily escalate far beyond what is acceptable to putin 's calculations . 
  tl ; dr - the problem with trump is that he is so volatile , that manipulating him is like wielding a sword without a handle . 
   there 's no pride stories to tell about poland , because so far there was no conflict in which nato or us helped us , that 's the problem . 
  `` thank you for having your troops here just in case '' does n't have that nice ring to it :[ man , you poles are so pessimistic . 
  it does n't need to actually be heroic , we americans appreciate gratitude where we can get it ; we 've spent decades guarding europe with very little in terms of thanks ( and all too often have been the butt of jokes and targets of resentment and contempt ) . 
  to american ears , europeans who appreciate us is a welcome development when there 's no shortage of snide western europeans who take us for granted . 
  hoping the american `` decision chain '' will recognize polish gratitude is a lost cause , but it can certainly sway the american people ( which in turn , affects the decision chain ) . 
  the romans more or less could march around gaul and britain and do whatever they pleased to the native population ; as far as i can tell , the only people allowed to engage in sprees of rape , murder , and pillage in europe without consequence are muslims from the third world . 
  unless i can walk into the parliament building of any european country and smack its members around for fun , i 'm not getting anything close to what the romans got . 
  trump has consistently said that europe needs to uphold its half of the alliance , something that the last two presidents have also been saying ( albeit with less threats ) . 
  what trump is asking for is completely within the ability of europeans to do . 
  perhaps a little higher taxation , and a little less spending on welfare for illegal immigrants to raise the money for military spending . 
  use that money on mature military products that are ready to go and cheaper instead of various national military development projects , and europe will have a lot less to worry about . 
  building a reasonably formidable military is n't too hard , when the government is n't trying to use it as a jobs program too . 
  to be fair , your problem is that you pander to the us government instead of the people . 
  let me give you an example : a while back , the kuwaitis took out a full page ad thanking the united states for liberation from iraqi occupation . 
  the response to that simple act , was overwhelming ; americans from across the country responded with stories and pride in their role in kuwait 's liberation . 
  even those who were too young or otherwise not soldiers , were happy to see their country recognized for the good it had done . 
  the us government does n't have a heart , but the american people do . 
  something as simple as saying `` thank you america '' can go a long way with the american people , who in turn can change us policy towards poland for the better . 
  we pay rent for those bases and the salaries of our soldiers , and the locations of these bases potentially place our soldiers in harm 's way ; so in the eyes of many us citizens it is something of an arrangement that definitely benefits europeans more than americans . 
  for example , germany gets roughly 3 to 4 billion usd from rent alone ; us personnel spending their pay in germany add about 1 to 2 more billion to the german economy . 
  americans would be less skeptical of nato , if nato 's european partners were on more of an equal footing with the united states . 
  when american soldiers outnumber the rest of nato , it casts doubt on the ability of europe to offer similar levels of protection to the united states and canada . 
  interestingly enough , that 's almost a perfect mirror of the kind of perspective that trump supporters have ; america has been protecting europe and other countries , and getting ripped off from start to finish . 
  * russia and its aggression in eastern europe is n't something that is occurring in north america . 
  by definition , it 's a european issue . 
  while i believe that its right to stand with european countries against it , it 's not an american issue . 
  * european countries left and right joined china 's infrastructure bank . 
  they did this despite us lobbying . 
  by doing this , europe opened the door for additional chinese soft power to be brought to bear against europe at a later time . 
  * nato members are theoretically equal , yet there are no french , german , spanish , italian , or turkish naval forces in the canadian arctic regions to oppose the russian navy 's ever growing presence . 
  likewise there are no european land or airborne forces stationed in alaska , which is one of the few nato territories that directly borders russia . 
  if you think that you 're looking out for america 's interests , can you please explain why you believe that ? 
  britain had quite a bit of political conflict over slavery - shipping cities like liverpool and the colonies in the west indies were heavily invested in the slave trade . 
  if the united states had been part of britain , there 's a decent chance that there would have been enough pro-slavery interests within britain to keep slavery legal . 
  as for violence , if you think that americans who resented taxation were going to be less resentful of losing their investments - slavery was n't cheap , and one of the reasons it persisted was because divesting oneself of it while remaining wealthy was very difficult - you may want to reconsider that belief ; there 's a reason why the many southerners called the american civil war the ` second american revolution ' . 
   this is so much horse shit - so america fought a threat to iranian democracy by causing a coup in iran , removing a popularly elected democratic government , replacing it with a tyrannical dictator ? 
  not quite , mossadegh was going to nationalize iran 's oil and he was making overtures to the soviets . 
  a democracy that is considering supplying the soviets with anything , is a threat to all democracies . 
  much like when the british chose to bomb the french fleet to deny it to the germans , wars have hard choices - backing the coup in iran was a similarly hard choice . 
   i picked germany at random and it has a higher mortality rate than iraq today ... so what is your point ? 
  first of all , germany is a highly developed country that is nowhere near iraq or similar to it in any respects . 
  my point , is that the death toll in iraq of 1 million is nothing out of the ordinary . 
  as for the sanctions , they were a result of saddam hussein 's use of nearly any and all dual use imports to make chemical weapons and delivery systems for his chemical weapons . 
  by your own words ; america is evil when it invades dictatorships , america is evil when it places sanctions on brutal dictators ( who by your own admission were evil ) , and america is evil when it does nothing to thwart dictatorships ( which was your position in regards to saudi arabia ) . 
  the soviets and their communist ideology were a threat to all human life . 
  if you do n't believe that , ask the poles , ukrainians , tatars , finns , russians , chinese , koreans , and cambodians who all died by the millions as a direct result of efforts to create a communist utopia . 
  as unpleasant as the hard choices that america had to make to fight the soviets , they worked and we 're all alive today . 
  liberty is a universal right , and for much of human history it has been a right denied to nearly every human . 
  fighting for that right is not easy , not when so few of the world 's democracies tolerate dictatorships . 
  it 'd be wonderful if the rest of the world 's democracies joined together to overthrow every dictatorship , and america could bring every one of its soldiers home . 
  do yourself a favor , and ask yourself what kind of world we 'd live in without america . . 
  from everything that i 've seen it 's pretty well established that behind nearly every gypsy criminal is a whole network of gypsies that manages them ; for many criminality is a job - you 're sent to europe to steal , money gets sent back home , and at ( ideally ) your hard work pays off and you go back home to eastern europe and raise some children who will eventually repeat this process . 
  do n't let the flair fool you , i do n't think that every single gypsy is unfairly discriminated against ( as some americans who are unfamiliar with them have been prone to think ) . 
  are there some gypsies who are n't criminals ? 
  sure , but from what i 've seen those people do their best to assimilate into non-gypsy cultures as fast as they can . 
  what you call a contradiction , i call a simple recognition of reality ; america can not overthrow every dictatorship simultaneously , it has limited resources . 
  because of this fact of life , america has to make deals with some dictatorships while it focuses on fighting those who are the largest threats to democracy . 
  for example , the soviet union was far more capable of destroying the world 's democratic countries than iraq . 
  this meant that thwarting the soviet union was a far higher priority than overthrowing saddam hussein . 
  you understand the basic strategy of this , right ? 
  the ' 1 million iraqis died ' figure counts every single iraqi who died from any and all causes . 
  [ iraq 's mortality rate during the war was slightly above that of iran ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/facts/indicators/sp.dyn.cdrt.in/compare?country=sy#country=ir:iq ) ( just as it had been since 1992 ) ; iraqis died at more or less the same rate before , during , and after the american invasion . 
  unless you 're saying that america should have somehow prevented iraqis from dying from old age , suicide , etc - i do n't see why you brought up the ' 1 million dead ' figure . . america is one country , with limited resources . 
  when there 's not a lot of good guys in the world who are willing to fight for freedom , those few good guys who are willing to fight have to pick their battles carefully . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   while you are at it , please could you tell me why has the us supported and continued to support so many tyrants and dictators globally ? 
  because the world is n't full of liberal democracies , and sometimes you have to make deals with tyrants to in order to keep your number of enemies manageable ; if you try to fight every dictatorship at once , you 'll accomplish nothing . 
  the pattern is rather simple ; make peace with the low priority dictatorships to focus on eliminating the major threats , once the current major threat is gone look for the next dictatorship on the list . 
  saddam was a low priority danger whilst the soviet union existed , but once the soviets were out of the picture - his ranking on the list of targets rose dramatically . 
   why not remove the saud dynasty as a first step ? 
  because the saudis sell oil , buy western products , and have no political ambitions other than continuing to be rich and have luxurious lives . 
  as far as dictatorships go , they 're a low priority when it comes to actual dangers . 
  i honestly do n't think saddam was a threat or had wmds or any of that , and i do n't think that matters ; overthrowing a dictator is making the world a slightly cleaner place , regardless of the reasons you do it . 
  liberty is a universal human right , or do you not agree with that ? 
  probably not the majority , given that most countries prefer to simply expel gypsies ; the general idea being that the crimes gypsies tend to commit ( petty theft , pickpocketing , etc ) are n't sufficient to get them locked up for very long , and that time spent prosecuting them would be more efficiently used on efforts to expel them . 
  yes , but most wars involving russia are rife with that kind of thing partly because in the last century virtually all of russia 's enemies were just as brutal and swift to disregard the established laws of war for a tactical advantage . 
  try to think of the last time anyone in a major war actually dealt with russian prisoners according to international law and treated them well . 
  there 's about an 80 year span in which being a prisoner meant torture , starvation , or some other misery which made fighting to the death seem reasonably attractive . 
  with that in mind , it 's not too surprising that the russians do n't have much honor . 
  what right does a dictatorship have to exist ? 
  by the sounds of it , you 're saying that saddam hussain had some sort of legal right to remain in power . 
  freedom is a human right , and there 's nothing morally or legally wrong with overthrowing a dictatorship - it 's expensive to be sure , but the cleaning up the world has never been an easy task . 
  if the american people are willing to bear the costs of making the world a little bit better by removing a dictatorship , why would you mind ? 
  it 's not an unrealistic concern . 
  ww1 started with the assassination of the heir to the austro-hungarian throne by a few serbian men looking for a cause to belong to . 
  ww2 started because germany 's leadership overestimated how far british and french appeasement would go . 
  with preexisting tensions and a heavy skepticism of the other side , it does n't take much to set off a war that is far more devastating than anyone expects . 
  honestly , it 's a paradox . 
  if you believe that the russians are likely to invade and take steps to protect yourself , the threat of russian invasion is reduced . 
  if you believe that there 's no threat of a russian invasion , there is a reasonable chance of an invasion . 
  you only have to look at the case of ukraine , where people expected cultural and economic ties to keep russian coercion limited to economic measures . 
  if the russians are willing to unleash war upon the people who are culturally and economically close to them - simply because the pro-kremlin leader was deposed via mass protests - how much can other neighboring countries who are neither culturally or economically close to russia really expect russia to leave them in peace ? 
  it was bad enough that contemporary opinion of the ottomans was rather unpleasant , [ to the point where the belgian emperor leopold ii was compared to the sultan ] ( http://punch.photoshelter.com/image/i0000zirbra6ouos ) .
