  you deal with one enemy at a time . . for turkey , isis and everyone else fighting against assad and his allies is useful for the time being . 
  syria and turkey have had decades of conflict between the two of them , and the removal of the alawite government is something that has been on the wishlist of nearly every turkish leader for decades . 
  as far as turkey is concerned , anyone shooting at assad ca n't be all bad and they do n't wo n't do anything about them until assad is deposed . 
  when assad is gone , turkey is almost certain to turn its attention to eliminating isis but for the time being the turks are focusing on finally getting rid of assad . 
  that , and it 's a politically inexpensive way for germany to score points with russia ; from a german perspective , it 's a win-win . 
  it would hardly be the first time that germany worked with russia against the countries between their borders . 
  except for the fact that russia 's satellite network is n't up to doing that , [ only last week russia launched the first of a replacement early warning system ] ( http://spaceflightnow.com/2015/11/17/first-satellite-launched-for-russias-new-missile-warning-network/ ) . 
  until last week , russia had no functioning satellite early warning system for nuclear launches . 
  that 's a much easier capability than cruise missile guidance , but even that was completely nonexistent until a week ago . 
  the russian military tested a few cruise missiles ( with a few falling in iran , that is n't the same thing as having a first class long range strike capability . 
  the russian military is excellent at public image control , which works well for people who are poorly versed in the subject . 
  if russia was so powerful , it would not be listing internal revolution ( color revolutions ) as one of its biggest threats ; that is exactly what the russian security apparatus did during the last defense review . 
   escorts will not be cheap , but will be a deterrent . 
  even with escorts , the ground attack aircraft is still vulnerable to missiles . 
  fighter escorts are really only useful at dealing with dogfighters , which is why electronic attack aircraft largely replaced/complemented them in the role of bomber defense . 
  putin has to do something or else he looks weak , so this is him performing for the public ; there is n't realistically much that russia can do to stop the turks from shooting down russian aircraft if they 're determined to do so . 
  at any rate , the turkish border is so close to syria that russia 's options for confronting turkey are inherently limited . 
  the turks simply have a far stronger hand to play than the russians do . 
  except for the fact that not everyone pays equally . 
  like it or not , there 's not much that russia can do to turkey . 
  an attack on turkish soil is likely to trigger article v , and the turks can easily make it very difficult for russia in syria simply by giving the various armed factions more weapons . 
  they 're largely suspected to have been infiltrated by the fsb to some extent , so it 's not too surprising that anything critical of a russian opponent is going to be readily available . 
  that is n't to say that wikileaks is n't shoving out pure lies like rt , but it 's helpful to keep in mind that omission can be far more deceptive than blatant falsehoods . 
  given how wikileaks functions , it 's not too hard to believe that the fsb strategically leaks documents helping russian interests . 
  not easily , no . 
  the same goes for building a bridge to crimea , it is the responsibility of a friend of putin ( who has never overseen a construction project before ) rather than any of russia 's established construction because none of them wanted to get involved in a project where failure is a national embarrassment . 
  there 's a reason why russians still look at the soviet union as a time of unparalleled development . . 
  do you think that the bosnian serbs just organized themselves spontaneously ? 
  that would be easier to believe if serbs in croatia were n't backed by serbia 's military ; bosnia 's serbs were entirely dependent on the serbian military and government for support , supplies , and organization . 
  trauma ... as opposed to believing that europe can not house everyone in the world who lives in a place that is worse off than europe ? 
  it 's pretty obvious which side is being the emotional one . . * it was n't eastern europe who unleashed a flood of migrants by suspending the dublin rules in response to public outcry motivated by a particularly jarring picture of a dead child . 
  * it was n't eastern europe who ignored the fact that encouraging more syrians ( as well as the rest of the world not living in the us or a first world country ) would actually lead to more deaths , deaths that would have been avoidable if the people remained in relatively safe refugee camps in turkey , lebanon , and jordan . 
  * for years , eastern europe has had to function as a shield against migrants on behalf of western europe . 
  now , not only has germany sabotaged out of some misguided generosity that but it wants eastern europe to take in migrants now that germany realizes that 10,000 migrants arriving a day is a problem . 
  it 's not trauma that makes eastern europe reluctant to help , but the fact that western europe fails to appreciate the efforts that eastern europe has made on their behalf , and now demands that they help pay for western europe 's naive mistakes . 
  the one featuring concentration camps , mass graves full of civilians , and the arming of militias to assist in ethnic cleansing . . 
  seriously , it was like someone read the history of the holocaust and followed it almost to the letter on a much smaller scale . 
  i like how men and women both value health and family in first and second place respectively , followed by love and money at almost identical rates ; kind of hard not to draw a correlation between the two there . 
  times change , and we have to change with them . 
  for example ; cuba was a popular us tourist destination for decades , but that changed within the space of a few years . 
  at any rate , it 's not that you ca n't enter the us if you 've been to the middle east , rather it 's that you 'd have to undergo extra scrutiny to enter the us . 
  there 's currently two plans floating around capitol hill ; one of them imposes a 30 day waiting period on europeans from visa free countries , and the the other places additional scrutiny on anyone from a european visa free country who has been to the middle east in the last 5 years.the first plan is unlikely to pass , but the second one 's chances are n't bad - with congress , nothing is certain . 
  at any rate , the mere possibility of something like this may affect european attitudes about security . 
  if people are asked to choose between increased security measures to deal with muslim fundamentalists or having to apply for a visa to travel to the united states , one of those things is more likely to affect them personally than the other . 
  sweden is n't going to be happy about losing that title . . 
  honestly , yes i do believe that american policy is better than germany 's policies - not in all respects , but in several key ones . 
  * when it comes to germany 's recent pacifism/isolationism , it basically validates the saying ` all that is necessary for evil to prevail , is for good men to do nothing ' . 
  russia 's aggression in ukraine is only the latest evidence of that , as merkel expressed `` concern '' as putin 's soldiers swarmed into crimea . 
  * germany has a policy of `` outside germany/eu , everything is fair game '' when it comes to business practices . 
  for a long time , bribes were actually tax deductible . 
  by comparison , us firms are actually prohibited from engaging in bribes overseas ; enforcement is n't easy , but us companies have been prosecuted for bribing foreign officials . 
  * if the american federal government treated its states like germany treats the eu , the united states would be hard pressed to last another 50 years . 
  german democracy has been described as a process where the leader states their plan , everyone gets a chance to speak their mind on it , and then leader almost always does what they said they would do from the start - it does n't have elements of compromise or back and forth negotiation . 
  that sort of approach is tearing the eu apart as greeks , and now central and eastern europe are complaining about germany ordering them about and many germans are scratching their head about why those countries are angry - they got to say their piece , after all . 
  as far as looking at germany internally , it compares quite favorably in many respects to the united states - better mass transit , nice villages every few miles ( as opposed to some ghost towns in the us ) , and excellent healthcare - but germany falls short in its policies as a regional power or world power , a position which its economic clout demands that it assume . 
  the taliban popped up after the soviet afghan war , after the soviets left the united states also left afghanistan to sort itself out . 
  if you want to blame someone for creating the taliban , that would be the pakistanis . 
  as for the gulf war , the saudis were n't interested in bin laden bringing his fighters into saudi arabia . 
  if you have a problem with that , blame the saudis for being uneasy about the thought of tens of thousands of armed fundamentalists who answer to bin laden alone coming into their country . 
   what did i miss ? 
  the answer should be obvious ... 
   south korea , japan and germany werent warzones . 
  when the fighting ended , it ended i do n't know what history you 're looking at , but it 's much more peaceful than the widely available record : * south korea had communist agents , militias , and civil strife for years leading up to the korean war . 
  one of the favorite propaganda pieces for the soviet union was the level of brutality the south korean government resorted to in fighting communist uprisings ( while omitting the communist massacres of those who disagreed with them ) . 
  even after the war , north korean agents routinely launched attacks on american and south korean interests . 
  * germany had soviet agents and their proxies attempting to undermine the country at every turn . 
  ranging from acts of terrorism such as bombing campaigns and assassination to trying to starve berlin into political submission . 
  plenty of soldiers did n't wear uniforms back then either . 
  * japan had plenty of militarists who were bitterly opposed to the democratic direction of the new japan . 
  a prime minister was assassinated in office . 
  the idea that there is no power struggle ignores the fact that japanese politics are built around such a clash of views . 
  the only reason why japan was marginally less violent is because the militarists also hated the communists , and thus lacked a foreign backer . 
  a while back , barrack obama was poised to initiate military action against the syrian government . 
  if he had , syria would have been saved - no matter which syrian ethnic group wins they 'll commit wholesale genocide against the losers , american occupation would have avoided that - but he listened to the voices of restraint in europe as multiple european countries advocated nonintervention . 
  if you 're asking whether americans are capable of bearing the costs of a long war , the answer is yes . 
  we 've been in afghanistan longer than the soviets , while simultaneously fighting in iraq . 
  the problem however is n't the united states , but europe . 
  europe is part of america 's security and economic architecture ; for example american security for saudi arabia in particular and the persian gulf in general allows for europe and china to get cheap oil ( the united states gets almost all of its oil from north american sources ) . 
  europe is supposed to be an american partner in sustaining this democratic order . 
  instead , it 's become a place that disarms itself and advocates appeasement and tolerance towards murderous dictatorships . 
  america has plenty of leaders as well as a political establishment that have little issue with war or confront . 
  john mccain famously said that he had no problems with a century long occupation and hillary clinton has privately voiced complaints about european timidity when it comes to russian aggression . 
  to defend democracy , you actually have to be willing to defend it with force . 
  nothing invites aggression more than weakness . 
  because without edward snowden , digital encryption would never have been invented decades before he was born ... people have been encoding communications for almost as long as they 've had communications , with there being examples of ciphers that are over 3000 years old . 
  if terrorists could n't use computer encryption , they 'd use coded phrases and couriers instead . 
  it 's idiotic to believe that edward snowden is responsible for the inherent inability of mass surveillance to stop determined and well planned attacks . 
   a democratic nation can never possibly commit troops for decades . 
  except that exact scenario happened with germany ( as well as south korea , and japan ) . 
  there 's still 30,000 us soldiers in south korea , with forces in japan and the rest of the pacific ready to deploy reinforcements . 
  military interventions work , provided that you have a clear goal and objective mechanisms of measuring progress . 
  unfortunately , too often there 's no clear endgame and the military is under political pressure to lie about its progress rather than request more resources . 
  to build a democracy from the ground up is entirely possible , but it is n't cheap and it is n't fast . 
  you need to secure the country in its entirety , provide a desirable way of life , and build up the institutions of the state . 
  60 years ago , much of europe believed that the costs of building a democratic germany were simply unrealistic , and it would be better to turn it into some sort of pastoral buffer state . 
  then as now , the plan that has the fewest upfront costs is actually the poorer choice long term . 
  failed states are like a cancer , they spread out if allowed to remain . 
  they serve as incubators for attacks outside their borders , and no amount of walls will keep you safe forever . 
  because it was a civil war , and the fascists won . 
  franco was n't about to pay pensions to people who had traveled across the globe to fight him .
