  ukraine was n't lost to russia as long as russian actions were seen as inconveniences that could be withdrawn if ukraine changed its course , but annexation is n't seen that way and the slain ca n't be brought back from the dead . 
  if russia had waited for the clamor to die down , and then put money on the table ; ukraine likely would 've been rather friendly towards russia , or at least more skeptical of the eu . 
  if you remember , the same people in the streets that denounced russian for its alleged interference in ukraine were also denouncing europe for it 's alleged abandonment of any moral values . 
  the longer that these people are able to build up in concentration and volume , the worse things are going to get . 
  right now it 's crowds trying to surge through fences , in a month or two it 's going to be vehicles ramming through fences and walls ( and running down anyone who happens to be on the other side in the process ) . 
  the eu needs to stop the flow at the earliest point in the eu . 
  that is greece , where the government is overwhelmed by the wave of migrants . 
  with proper resources ( such as eu countries sending contingents of military and police ) , the migrants can be screened upon interception in greece and either allowed to seek asylum or detained while awaiting deportation . 
  the more migrants that are stopped at greece means fewer people who are trying to get into the balkans , and fewer still who are getting into germany and western europe . 
  the best place to fight off an invasion force is on the beaches , and so fat there has been very little discussion of helping greece restore order . 
  without any changes , the migrant populations will be able to grow in number on whatever border that you decide to build a wall on , and they will eventually breach it . 
  the best solution is to intercept them either at sea or upon landing , when they are still isolated and few in number ; it 's easier to stop and deal with 100 migrants in a boat than an encampment of tens thousand . 
  the eu needs to look at security as a universal issue , the borders of its most distant members are the borders of all eu members . 
  and if that fails , just move on to the next country and go through the process again to try and see if you can get residency there . 
  or pay the right people in brazil , if the corruption index is anything to go by . 
  the problem with us surveillance is that it 's legal in the united states . 
  how long do you think that would last ? 
  while nobody there wants to live under an alien government , they have few qualms about conquering territory . 
  if you had 100 polities in the middle east with each one having no minorities to oppress , in a short period of time it 'd be back to taking territory and abusing the people who are different from you that came along with the land . 
  the israelis did it with the palestinians , the sudanese tried it in southern sudan , the yemeni government did it , turkish history is full of it , and it 's the reason why kurdistan is not a country . 
  it 's not like europeans invented the concept of empire or conquest . 
  if the lines were n't drawn by diplomats with rulers , they 'd be drawn by generals via trenchworks . 
   2nd it 's their home , if they do n't defend it , who will ? 
  how would europe look if rest of european men would 've fled after nazis got in power and decided to destroy europe ? 
  the problem with that is there is very little sense of identity for iraq as a country . 
  they do n't fight unless their sect/tribe/family are involved in the conflict ; for example shia in britain are willing to send their sons to iraq to fight to defend karbala , while sunnis in iraq welcomed anyone who would overthrow the shia dominated government which had been gradually overturning the various measures the united states implemented to bring sunnis into the iraqi government . 
  that has always been part of the problem with the middle east , as people have little motivation to fight on behalf of a government that often alternates between brutal repression and ambivalence if you are n't part of the favored group ( usually the dominant ethnic group , along with a few minority groups who are allied with them , who tend to be prized for extreme ruthlessness by the regime ) . 
  this is true of every middle eastern government without exception ; muslims in israel are n't keen on defending israel , sunnis are n't keen to fight for a shia iraq , and the list goes on . 
  in general if you live in the middle east and are eager to fight for the government , you are almost always a part of the favored group . 
  the vast majority of refugees simply have no motivation to fight , they either die in battle or win to live under a government that alternates between taking things away from them or giving them nothing . . 
  what happened to the land of gray square buildings , where the only thing with color was red banners hanging from street posts and government posters on walls and the only thing not cube shaped were the statues of various leaders ? 
  i was hoping to see that belarus , the one where communism is still something that you can get an advanced degree in . 
  i may have to change my travel plans for the summer . 
  slovenia , i know that donald trump 's latest wife is from there and that it 's near the balkans if not actually part of them . 
  they be having some sort of political fight over corruption and the us state department may be involved , but that could describe any number of countries . 
  as for why i know so little , it 's probably because it sounds so similar to slovakia and because it is n't making headlines in the us too often . 
   the gouverneur completely getting rid of the iraq army left thousands of shia soldiers ( that just lost a war against `` the west '' ) in a new `` democracy '' out of work . 
  they were sunni soldiers , not shia . 
  that 's hardly the only thing that you are wrong about . 
  japan , germany , italy , korea are all better off due to the longstanding us involvement in their security . 
  you wanted examples , western europe itself is an excellent example of us policy . 
  on the contrary , iraq was actually in decent shape when the united states pulled out . 
  the sunnis , shia , and kurds all had an interest in the existing power structure . 
  it was only after the united states left that the shia ( with iranian support ) started making moves to disenfranchise the sunnis and kurds ; arresting sunni and kurdish militiamen but leaving shia militiamen alone , leaving the country ripe for a movement like isis to eventually sweep across the country . 
  germans constantly protested against the us occupation of iraq , are you saying that you support a long term us occupation or are you one of those germans who believes that the middle east does n't deserve the same amount of american effort to make it a better place that germany got ? 
  american occupation transformed germany from a war torn country that had seen tens of millions of people killed , virtually all wealth destroyed , and a political environment decimated by totalitarian government in the course of two terrible wars to the prosperous and democratic country that it is today . 
  instead of realizing that germany could make a difference by helping the united states do for iraq what it did for germany , far too many germans subscribe to a short sighted ideology that ignores history and will ultimately be responsible for delivering another war to europe . 
  the united states has repeatedly transformed countries into prosperous , democratic , and peaceful nations through long term occupations ; failing to support the continuation of that policy that is a very short sighted course of action . 
  the alternative to going on the offensive against warlike and unfree elements in the world is to be forever on the defensive against them ; no wall lasts forever . 
  depends , if it meant that they 'd be countering iran then they 'd probably be very generous . 
  the saudis are already pumping money into egypt largely as a means to counter the muslim brotherhood , and doing similar things to shore up other aligned governments . 
  one of the biggest misconceptions about the current state of affairs in the middle east is that the saudis are simply creating wars because they can . 
  in reality they 're engaged in a cold war with iran , except it 's sunni vs shia rather than communist vs capitalist . 
  looking at the conflict while ignoring the role of iran in all of it is akin to looking the cold war while ignoring any atrocities committed by communists . 
  bones are a good way to get a good idea of age , as are teeth . 
  it gives a good estimation of age . 
  with children it can be difficult to gauge age , but if someone looks like an adult and has adult bones , adult teeth , and has no documents to say otherwise then they are likely an adult . 
  testing can tell the difference between a 15 year old and a 20 year old most of the time . 
  the older someone is , the easier it is to tell that they are not a minor . 
  he could also easily be 27 . . we do n't know until they test for age , but ask yourself this ; would you bet money that he 's 17 years of age or younger ? 
  are you ignorant of the existence of hezbollah and the long history of conflict between israel and syria ? 
  assad is the key to shipping hezbollah weapons from iran . 
  without assad in power , syria becomes a far more dangerous place for hezbollah , iran , and anyone else who was allied with assad . 
  it also becomes a place with very little in terms of anti-air weapons systems , which allows israel to strike targets inside syria with far greater ease . 
  israel would love nothing more than to see assad strung up by his intestines and syria 's various armed factions focused on fighting each other ( rather than israel ) . 
  this idea that assad was some sort of enlightened and secular dictator is hilarious , his government is an alawite institution , he ensures a steady stream of iranian weapons end up in the hands of people who will use them , and he has no compunctions against wholesale slaughter if his barrel bombs and starvation tactics are anything to go by . 
  if it would actually be stringent , supervised and not put swedes at physical risk of harm then it would be the first such program by sweden regarding the migrants to have such qualities . 
  so far , virtually everything that the swedish government has done involving the migrants has been lacking any safety mechanisms and has repeatedly placed the reputation of the migrants over the safety of sweden 's citizens and residents . 
  nobody 's reputation is more important than someone else 's life , that kind of thing is actually a big part of the problem with those countries that so many of these migrants are coming from . . for example if large numbers of iraqis/afghans/algerians / etc are raping people in a semi-organized fashion , it 's something that the public ought to be warned about . 
  instead , it 's often suppressed to avoid people developing a fear of large bodies of young migrant men - who in turn have an easier time raping yet more people . 
  it has gained about 1.8 % of territory , which is far from a sweeping advance . 
  against isis , it 's gained roughly .5 % of territory . 
  the regime is running out of manpower , and eventually the russians and iranians are going to tire of their own little iraq war ; unlike the united states , they do n't have a limitless reserve of money to pour into a quagmire . 
  the regime is dominated by alawites , and essentially represents about 10 % of syria 's population . 
  with that in mind , the war is either going to end with the sunni majority killing the minorities or the minorities exterminating the sunnis . 
  in 2015 , the syrian military essentially fell apart . 
  it lost 18 % of its territory between january and august . 
  the russians are there because the regime is incapable of winning on its own - 75 % of the population of syria has no reason to support the alawite dominated government of bashar al assad . 
  better a dozen weak countries feuding with each other than one strong country looking for an external enemy . 
   europe is dealing with problems of a dishomogeneous federal state akin to ameirca more like america before the us constitution was in place and we were instead governed by the articles of confederation : member states with their own armies having disputes with each other , a central authority that was only empowered in the event of near unanimous decisions , a stalemate on monetary and economic policy . . sound familiar ? 
  the problem with the eu as it stands is that it does n't have the ability to enforce its own rules . 
  instead of there being a common european manpower reserve for enforcing border control , individual eu members are effectively taking turns paying the entire cost of such policing for a year or two at a time before finding a way to pass the cost onto their neighbor out of desperation . 
  at the heart of the european problem is that when a government can pay 20 % less and have no change in capabilities or gain a 20 % improvement in capabilities at no additional costs ; all too often the typical european government chooses to try to cut costs . 
  imagine how different this crisis would have been if greece and italy could have had a 30,000 + ( about 1,600 police officers per eu member ) reinforcement pool to assist in their operations . 
  instead of the eu 's border patrol and police services being overwhelmed one by one , there could have been an orderly processing of the migrants without any of the chaos and dysfunction that we 're seeing now . . 
  and think about all the doctors , nurses , paramedics , and rape counselors that will also have no shortage of work - they 're not going to prison for no reason after all . 
  schaeuble is delusional if he seriously believes that `` working with russia '' is going to make anything better . 
  the problems that the united states has in the middle east are merely smaller versions of the problems that russia has ; it 's pretty obvious since russia has to prop up its ally with actual ground troops to man the front lines while the american assistance to iraq has n't gone that far . 
   `` if i correctly understand russia 's security interests with regard to islamist terror , it rather has problems with sunni-based aspirations , '' he wrote in an opinion piece to run in the newspaper 's monday edition . 
  except for the fact that nothing happens in a vacuum , politics is action and reaction and the middle east is no different . 
  the sunnis are polarized by the fact that iran is a shia theocracy , which energizes both fundamentalist sunni movements ( such as the muslim brotherhood - who see the possibility of taking power as attainable ) and scares governments that are sunni dominated . 
  iran being a theocracy , disagreement with the supreme leader can only go so far before it becomes heresy . 
  like any government where the leader believes that he has a divine mission and his god sanctions violence , violence is inevitable . 
  the list of terrorist attacks backed by iran is about as long as long as the history of the islamic republic of iran 's history . 
  violence is an inherent part of a government built on an infallible doctrine that has no shortage of violence and glorifies death against overwhelming odds - that 's a big part of shia islam , ali and hussain did not die peacefully in their beds of old age . .  `` why then should n't we be able to develop a joint strategy with russia to reduce differences between a saudi-led sunni coalition and an iran-led shi'ite coalition ? '', 
  he asked . 
  as long as iran believes that they are following the instructions on the almighty , there 's not much room for developing a strategy for peace . 
  they 've executed about 7 times as many people as saudi arabia has in the last 14 months , yet you do n't see saudis sacking embassies like clockwork ( iranians have sacked numerous embassies over the past 30 years whenever they feel `` insulted '' ) . 
  as unpleasant as saudi arabia might be , they 're essentially the same government that they 've been since the 30s . 
  they sell oil , pay lip service to the imams , and pay alms to the masses .
