  europe witnessed two horrific wars before the twentieth century was even halfway through , and the united states was committed to preventing yet another and more destructive war in europe . 
  the bottom line is that many countries in europe intentionally chose to not meet their defense spending commitments , believing that the united states would pick up the slack out of america 's intense desire to avoid another war . 
  it 's hardly the first time that well meaning americans have been taken advantage of by unscrupulous europeans out to make a buck . . europe has a population and economy larger than that of the united states , it 's not too much to ask that europeans at least maintain a military capable of defending themselves . 
  new york is extremely expensive to live in , at least places that are n't upstate and practically part of new england rather than new york . 
  arkansas is not an expensive place to live in , and the presence of companies like wal-mart , various military bases , and a decent amount of industry in little rock means that the state has a decent amount of money flowing through the economy . 
  if you look at bill d. blasio 's election , he ran on a platform of making new york city a less expensive place to live . 
  there is no shortage of evidence that new york city is getting more and more expensive to live in , to the point where what used to be the worst parts of the city are effectively being erased to build new apartments for the wealthy . 
  basically $ 100,000 in new york wo n't buy as much as $ 75,000 in arkansas . 
  sure there 's the difference in services , but arkansas does n't have to pay for nearly as much infrastructure as new york . 
  just looking at waste management for example , the lack of high density housing in most of arkansas means that the state does n't have to dispatch garbage trucks with same amount of frequency that new york does . 
  it 's the presence of the an abundance of ghe ultra rich that effectively skew the situation in new york so far whereas in arkansas the only billionaires in the state are the waltons . 
  it 's pretty obvious what the gist of obama 's message is going to be ; leaving the eu would likely set the stage for further disintegration of the eu , and ultimately undermine much of what the eu has achieved in economic cooperation and political liberalization in europe . 
  he 's not wrong about that either . 
  there 's the part about whether it 'd be bad for the uk economy or not , but most of the talk about that is just an attempt to cajole voters into worrying about losing money and voting for the status quo . 
  it 's certainly possible that the uk would suffer economic losses - it 's almost guaranteed to some extent - but that is n't the real issue . 
  if the uk leaves , it shifts the balance of power in the eu towards france and germany while also demonstrating that leaving the eu is an option . 
  taken together , it 's quite possible that the uk would be followed by several other disgruntled eu members . 
  the president likely sees this as a european issue , rather than just a british issue . 
  this is why he 's willing to get involved , because of the greater impact it may have on the eu . 
   but it never reaches a point where cops start killing people ( like what happens in the us ) so , why do your police even have guns then ? 
  you really believe that your police do n't shoot people ? 
   they were searching him and started beating him - his blood stained the wall and street for several days afterwards . 
  bystanders started protesting , and the police reacted with shotguns loaded with rubber buckshot . 
  when us cops do kill people , more often than not it 's when a suspect either has a weapon or appears to have a weapon . 
  for a country that is so hypocritical , ask yourself this ; * when was the last time a portuguese police officer was put on trial for using deadly force without cause ? 
  * hardly a year goes by in the us without some cop somewhere going to court over use of force . 
  this might not be so obvious , but a lack of investigation does not mean that no wrongdoing exists ; at least in the us the response to allegations of police brutality is `` if you have evidence , we want to see it '' whereas in your country it seems to be `` if you are not perfect , you can not tell us we are not perfect '' . 
  it 's pretty obvious which kind of environment is going to foster more police brutality . 
  for a country with relatively few guns , a small population , well established cities and communities , and a generally homogeneous population ; portugal 's violence is quite high . 
  portugal ought to be no more violent than any other small european country . 
  you are basically saying that it 's okay that your police are as violent as a police force from a country awash in guns , 300 million people , porous borders with significant drug trafficking and where there is a massive amount of ethnic , religious , national , and ideological diversity ( and potential strife ) among the population . 
  you should n't have a problem at all , but somehow you 've managed to achieve those problems despite having plenty of advantages that contribute to a less oppressive police force . . 
  the puukko gradually started getting modified from a hunter 's utility knife into a fighting knife until it became finka ; the point became a clip rather than a flat point , the blades got longer , and it gained a guard . 
  it 's not too hard to make a utility knife into a fighting knife , and once a knife gets a reputation for being dangerous - it 's reputation only increases as ever more people who need a knife are using that particular knife . 
  as far as i know , no nato member has deployed mines in afghanistan and nearly every nato member has removed mines fron their arsenals ; nearly all the mines in afghanistan are of soviet origin . 
  the united states has mines in its arsenal , but does not use them outside a few key areas ; guantanomo bay and the dmz . 
  if you make a mess , do n't be surprised if you have to clean that mess up . 
  people might be less eager to fight dirty if they know that they will have to clean up the consequences of it . 
  if the soviet union had used biological weapons on germany , would n't you expect the soviets to do the clean up ? 
  the united states did n't impose a minority-rule dictatorship syria , the alawite minority did . 
  it was n't america that motivated syria 's sunni majority to rebel , but a lifetime spent as second class citizens in a country where alawites could often act with impunity when dealing with non-alawites . 
  think about stereotypes of the french when it comes to their passions for a moment , it 'll make sense in a moment . 
  that 's not to say that all french people are committing infidelity left and right , but at one point there were essentially enough high profile scandals related to infidelity ; divorces , inheritance disputes , blackmail , murders motivated by passion , and whatnot that the french government essentially decided it was best to ban paternity tests in the interests of social harmony . 
  a few things come into play : * they 're muslims , who have lost a war at the hands of non-muslims . 
  islam basically teaches muslims that they are superior to non-muslims , so losing a war creates a large amount of cognitive dissidence . 
  it 's no different than a nazi losing to a jew at something . 
  * a substantial amount of azeris in regions adjacent to the areas of the conflict are either refugees or descendants of refugees . 
  those who have suffered personally have the most reason to involve themselves in the azeri military . 
  * the azeribaijan government has used the conflict as a way to rally the population against an external enemy , exacerbating already existing hatreds . 
  it 's like instead of two minutes of hate , it 's constant ; in their society , any time is a good time to hate armenia . 
  combine all of those things , and you get a pretty potent mix . 
  for the average azeri , hating armenians is like hating mosquitoes - there 's no reason not to . 
  not too surprising to be honest , ever since their defeat/inability to control nargano-karabagh the azeri government has been on a propaganda campaign demonizing armenians . 
  it 's not a stretch to say that a whole generation of azeris ( who have never met an armenian ) have grown up in an environment where expressing unrestrained rage at armenians is a good thing . 
  the [ case of ramil safarov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramil_safarov ) gives a pretty good insight into how far the level of hatred goes . 
  in the minds of a good number of azeris , being armenian is a perfectly legitimate reason to kill someone . 
  if you have a government that is so ideologically rigid that it jeopardizes public safety and engages in the suppression of debate , then it 's not too surprising that alternatives start to look attractive . 
  no reasonable person who believes in liberty as an absolute right is going to sit quietly and wait to be violently murdered . 
  the left used to be about providing opportunity and equal protection under the law everyone , particularly the most vulnerable of society . 
  today in many parts of europe ( and the united states ) , it has become a vehicle for foreign totalitarianism ; as if somehow it 's okay to have a brutal dictatorship as long as it 's not run by someone who resembles the majority of the country . 
  today 's left in a twist of irony has many people who ideologically are okay with an apartheid minority-rule style of government . 
  if the existing governments want to avoid violence , they have to address the existence of these parallel societies . 
  if the government wo n't do anything , people will find a government that will . 
  open borders , weak police , and a political landscape that favors appeasement rather than confrontation ; it does n't take a genius to see that europe was ripe for terrorist infiltration . 
  to fix the problem , the following need to happen : * if police action `` provokes '' a particular neighborhood , the problem is with the neighborhood , not the police . 
  that neighborhood needs to be flooded with police , and searched from top to bottom ; trying to `` work together with the community '' is what has created these sanctuary areas for criminals and terrorists - gunrunning , drugs , and all manner of subversive activity thrives in such a setting . 
  there can be no compromise ; the police must enforce the law without any hindrance . 
  * any migrant who refuses to be processed upon arrival , needs to be arrested and prosecuted . 
  if that means tens of thousands of people are going to be put in prison for relatively nonviolent crimes , so be it ; entering a country without permission is not a crime , refusing to be identified upon entry is . 
  if they do n't want to be identified , there 's a problem ; the ability of an economic migrant to enter the best welfare state is not worth allowing terrorists to move undetected . 
  * nobody is willing to confront the sources of these migrants . 
  if countries are allowed to remain miserable places who export the `` surplus '' population , there is never going to be an end to the migrants . 
  europe needs to be willing to get tough on countries where the existing order essentially requires people either migrate or starve , there will be annual migrations . 
  if half the world is a welfare state where everyone is taken care and the other half is an oligarchy where the masses live in misery , the oligarchies are going to essentially be handing a bill to the welfare state countries . 
  migrants do n't appear out of thin air , they come from broken societies . 
  god only knows how many times people will need to die at the hands of people who could have easily been intercepted before substantive changes occur . . 
  we have bases over there as a result of the cold war , and the fact that many local economies in germany benefit from the presence of those bases . 
  that 's rather easy information to find . 
  to be fair , in a way he 's right ; the average muslim lives in an alternate reality where muslims are always the victims . 
  it 's no wonder that millions of people will riot worldwide over a cartoon , but hardly anyone goes to similar lengths over groups of people who rape , enslave , kill , and commit all manner of atrocities in the name of a religion that is supposedly about peace . 
  the best way to deal with the problem is to make it clear to muslims that if they fail to fight extremists , they will share the fate of the extremists . 
   did the ` war on terror ' improve anything ? 
  yes , actually . 
  you only need to compare 2016 to 2006 . 
  * how many terrorists went to iraq to fight against american soldiers rather than carry out attacks in places like europe and north america ? 
  it 's only now , after american forces are largely withdrawn from the area that we 're seeing the alternative : jihadists groups consolidating power , and terrorists flowing back into europe and north america to carry out attacks . 
  the war on terror denied terrorists a sanctuary area to organize , train recruits , and oversee attacks . 
  * there were no tens of millions of iraqis , afghans and syrians fleeing the middle east while american forces occupied iraq and afghanistan . 
  this was because while terrorism was a problem , it was an insurgency rather than a full blown war . 
  there are always going to be refugee issues with any conflict , but in 2006 there was not an entire country 's worth of people trying to move into europe . . * in terms of lives lost , this `` war '' has been one of the least deadly conflicts in history . 
  more soldiers are surviving previously fatal injuries due to advances in battlefield medicine , personal armor , and expedient evacuation capabilities . 
  even those who are maimed , are driving a massive surge in the development of prosthetic limbs and even limb regrowth research ; something that benefits far more people than just soldiers . 
  the cost of staying free is never going to be cheap , but the alternative is death and slavery ; we need only to look at the current situation in the middle east to see that . 
  the alternative to fighting to survive is extermination . 
  ukraine had gone back and forth between identifying with russia and wanting europe 's prosperity for twenty years ; it was a regular feature of their political process . 
  the pendulum of public opinion would swing back and forth between russia and europe . 
  that was how things in ukraine worked , and were likely to work for the foreseeable future . 
  they 'd be pro-eu one election and pro-russia the next , which was why ukraine had more or less fallen behind in development compared to other former soviet republics ( if you 're constantly changing direction , you wo n't get anywhere ) . 
  that is , until russia invaded ukraine . 
  the browbeating that characterized pre-2014 russian-ukrainian tense times involved things that were n't really permanent ; russia might delay the gas , do some provocative naval exercises on the black sea , or otherwise flex its muscles but those things were all temporary in nature .
