  honestly , i 'm wondering why new york city does n't simply tow the vehicles away for not paying parking tickets and impound them until the tickets are paid . 
  diplomatic immunity protects the individual from prosecution , it does n't protect their vehicle or possessions . 
  alternatively , the city could withhold utilities until the parking tickets are paid . 
  if only russia would appoint foreigners for all its top government posts , criminal activity and corruption in the government might actually result in arrests . 
  xenophobia has a long history in russian society , virtually every foreign communist who emigrated to the soviet union in the 20s was eliminated during the purges since non-russians were inherently suspect in the eyes of the russians . 
  as things stand , no members of the chaika family have yet to face prosecution . 
  the same goes for thousands of russian criminals who are allowed to pillage the country with impunity . 
  51 % voted for it , 5.7 % voted against it , 30 % abstained , and 12 % were absent . 
  many of those who abstained were russian allies who typically vote in line with russia on most issues , whereas the 51 % included nations like nigeria , malaysia and even neutral switzerland who are n't what you 'd consider to be reliable pro-us votes . 
  a majority of the world has said that crimea is ukrainian , a large number of russia 's traditional allies are silent , and the only nations which supported russia were almost entirely dictatorships ( north korea , syria , cuba , zimbabwe , sudan , belarus ) , utterly dependent upon russia for survival ( armenia ) , or countries whose leaders do n't mind selling their vote in exchange for russian aid ( venezuela , bolivia , nicaragua - along with everyone else previously mentioned ) . 
  tank upgrades like thermal sights or reactive armor typically cost hundreds of thousands of dollars , and buying them is n't something that just anyone can do . 
  plus there 's the fact that satellite images literally showed tanks being assembled in rostov and then deployed to ukraine in batches . 
  out of curiosity , what would you consider to be real evidence ? 
  christianity is woven into western civilization , being a practicing christian has little to do with the matter . 
  things that are taken for granted in europe are difficult for those not raised in a society that is historically christian to understand . 
  if you anonymously showed someone a picture of a muslim in religious attire and a christian in religious attire , and asked them which one was dutch ; the people would likely choose the nun or priest . 
  even if many people are n't practicing christians , christianity is less alien to europeans than islam . 
  it 's traditional , as opposed to foreign . 
  because a big part of national identity in europe is synonymous with being white , christian , and speaking the language ( which is the case with many european countries ) . 
  national identity and ethnic identity are connected in the minds of most people , which is why they do n't feel dutch . 
  if you 're brown , muslim ( or at least not raised in a christian background ) , and speak a different language at home it 's not too surprising that a person would feel like an outsider . 
  if i was the ukrainian government , i 'd tell the russians this :  `` of course we can repay you the money you spent to build yanukovich 's zoo , as soon as we have a full meeting of officials from ukraine but until crimea starts coming to meetings again , we ca n't do anything about your money '' . 
  crimea is a part of ukraine , a `` referendum '' organized at gunpoint does n't change anything . 
  if history is anything to go by , russia does n't care about having a viable satellite state ; transnistria is a a military forward base first and a country second , russia does n't care if there 's 500,000 people or 5 there as long as they are n't protesting against the russian military presence . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3lkpzcqhls ) . 
  as for the actual `` vote '' that approved the referendum , [ many parliamentarians were not present and cameras and cell phones were confiscated ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-russia-aksyonov-insigh-idusbrea2b13m20140312 ) so no video exists of that event itself , aside from perhaps something floating around in the fsb archives . 
   among those not allowed in was anatoly mogilyov , crimea 's regional prime minister , appointed by yanukovich . 
  mogilyov had spoken out against breaking away from kiev , and the ruling party he represented - yanukovich 's party of the regions which controlled 80 seats in the 100 seat legislature - was publicly committed to autonomy within ukraine . 
  personally , i think its hilarious that people actually believe that crimeans themselves had any say in what was going to happen once russian soldiers started securing the peninsula . 
  in the united states , this sort of thing is largely why we use isolation and other restricted movement measures in our prisons . 
  when you have criminal organizations recruiting in prisons , your only real options are to try to isolate the leadership or to put all the prisoners from the same group in their own areas to deprive them of contact with potential recruits . 
  if the experience of us prisons is any indication of things to come for the uk , the increase in islamist activity is going to create a strong anti-islamist reaction in prisons ; half the prisoners become islamists , and the other half become fascists . 
  newton 's third law in action . . 
  a little less trigger happy and a little more cautious about using the heavy firepower , but yes . 
  if you 're in a physical altercation with an american police officer and you manage to get the upper hand , there 's a very good chance that the officer will use their service weapon to kill you . 
  they 're trained not to lose . 
  it 's a very stark contrast to many european police forces , where the police are far less aggressive and occasionally will get beaten up by suspects . 
  no , you would n't . . 
  the police arrest all sorts of crackpots from sides of the political spectrum waving around the flag , constitution , bibles , cross , and various objects that are combinations of them ( waving the flag from a cross is a popular choice ) every day . 
  american police do n't lose ; if you fight them they 're going to keep escalating the level of force until they subdue you - killing you , if necessary . 
  if they want a referendum , they should have one . 
  it 's up to montenegro to figure out how to deal with that matter though , part of respecting a country 's sovereignty is the not imposing on their political process ; nato is n't like russia , it 's not going to send soldiers into the parliament and hold a session at gunpoint ( which is exactly what happened in crimea ) . 
  one of the biggest ironies about the whole situation is that many of the parties opposed to nato membership are the same parties that have been historically opposed to various measures designed to increase transparency in government and build decentralized power structures ; aspiring to build a putin-style executive government is rather unpleasant if you are n't in power , as many of the nato opponents are discovering . 
  the thing is , modern warfare is generally a short affair that does n't allow sufficient time to fully mobilize an economy to a war footing ; the fall of france and the low countries demonstrated that very clearly , the french had more tanks , more powerful tanks , and an industry that could clearly support a very powerful military and it did n't matter against a german campaign that moved quickly enough to overwhelm the french government . 
  virtually every war against a conventional foe the united states has fought since korea has been short enough that the enemy 's economy was essentially irrelevant to the military strategy . 
  * in panama , the united states fought a very hard campaign against the pdf but the majority of the hard fighting was over in 4 days with the campaign wrapped up in less than 2 weeks . 
  * iraq under saddam hussain had a well run military industrial base , as a result of his ties to the soviet union who provided him with the ability to make tanks , and his dealings with various american and european arms manufacturers who supplied him things necessary to produce chemical weapons among other things . 
  all of this production capacity and iraq 's ability to use its oil money to buy weapons did n't matter against the swift us led campaign to liberate kuwait . 
  tanks were destroyed far faster than they could be produced , and deliveries from foreign countries of war material required time that iraq did n't have . 
  saddam 's economy did n't matter because the war was over too quickly for him to mobilize . 
  * when the croatians performed operation storm with the help of mpri advisers which was a fast paced combined arms campaign that essentially overran the serbian puppet state before serbia could reinforce the enclave or bring its military economic capabilities to bear . 
  unless you already have military parity ( as iran and iraq did ) and are in a stalemate , there really is n't time to bring economic strength to bear in a conflict . 
  one of the greatest advantages of the united states over the japanese and the nazis was that america was too far away for them to invade and interrupt its military buildup . 
  you go to war with the military that have , not the military that you could theoretically have if the enemy gave you a year to build up uninterrupted . 
  better there than in something like amphibious assault ships , long range helicopters , or surface warfare ships - things that might let russia have more `` adventures '' abroad . 
  i upboated and no meteor has landed in my backyard , that 's proof enough for me . 
  keep upboating and we 'll all stay meteor free . 
  #refugeeswelcome , remember that ? 
  if you have people welcoming them at the train stations , you 're inviting them in . 
  as far as the poles and other europeans were concerned , germany was inviting too many people over and then wanted to use poland 's living room , kitchen , garage , and garden sheds to house some of germany 's excess guests . 
  the kurds have been a threat for turkey far longer than isis . 
  lets look at this from the perspective of the turkish military : * the kurds have a long and rich cultural heritage that binds them as a people , this makes them resilient in their continued existence and enduring in their aspirations for a state . 
  they have their own language , heroes , and all aspects of a national identity . 
  * they are spread across the middle east , giving them opportunities to use different shifts in power in several countries to independently push for their shared goal of kurdish independence . 
  it only takes one country in the region where the kurds have influence to empower all of the kurds in the region , and there are four countries in the region where the kurds have sizeable populations . 
  * the kurdish diaspora in the united states and europe and sizeable kurdish population in the middle east give kurdish separatists a balanced combination of access to wealth and advanced knowledge as well as a large pool of manpower and a community to safely prepare their operations . 
  this combination can be extremely dangerous , for example a kurd with military training from the united states could teach the skills he learned to kurdish rebels or a kurd with a engineering background could provide better bombs to separatists . 
  as far as the turkish military is concerned , isis is unlikely to last very long with all of the various countries fighting against it whereas the kurdish seperatists are a threat that has been with turkey for a very long time . 
  you can , but good luck getting back into nato or having the united states decide to withdraw all those troops it has in europe if america 's european allies try to abandon the united states in a moment of crisis . 
  to be honest , russia would almost certainly love nothing more than that exact situation to occur . 
  it would make possible a goal the kremlin has had of a grand deal between the united states and russia of the two powers drawing the world into spheres of influence . 
  with europe no longer in nato , there is literally very little stopping the united states under trump from saying : `` those soldiers we have in your country , they 're now in charge . . '' to a relatively disarmed europe . 
  trump is capable of that kind of `` you try to hurt me , but i 'm going to have the last laugh '' way of doing business , his history is full of examples of it . 
  as i reminded a german friend who said that germany should leave nato , such a course of action would basically mean that germany would have to be very careful not to anger poland ; he quickly changed his mind . 
  fiest of all i want to say that it was n't the `` west '' which disbanded the iraqi army , it was the united states . 
  say what you want about americans , we take full responsibility for disbanding the iraqi army almost immediately into the occupation secondly , the united states made good on its obligations to iraq in the wake of disbanding saddam 's army . 
  it was n't quick , easy , or cheap but the united states rebuilt the iraqi army into a force [ capable of fighting against well organized opponents and restoring government control , without relying on us forces to perform the hard work ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_basra_ ( 2008 ) ) . 
  unfortunately , iraq 's military became a victim of its own success ; maliki started filling the military full of political appointees - such as the relatives of shite political leaders who needed jobs - and targeting non-shites for harassment . 
  the iraqi army that the united states created was a force that was fully capable of fighting against isis and winning . 
  the military that maliki had created after the united states left was little more than an instrument of political power and incapable of actual combat against any opponents with weapons and motivation . 
  actually , america kept isis down and consistently on the verge of extermination . 
  it was only after the united states left iraq when iraq chose not to sign a sofa and maliki began destroying his own country that groups like isis got back on their feet and started to rebuild . 
  the rise of isis has its roots in iraqi brutality , incompetence , and cowardice in roughly that order . 
  maliki started to attack the sunnis in his pursuit of total power , maliki filled the iraqi army 's leadership with political appointments and other useless soldiers , and the now useless iraqi army was unable to mount a defense against a smaller enemy force with inferior firepower ( literally the easiest thing to do in terms of a military operation ) . 
  the taliban popped up after the united states exited from afghanistan , they were basically pakistan 's instrument of consolidating power postwar . 
  if you believe that the united states armed the taliban , god only know what other erroneous information you 've been fed . 
  dictators in the middle east are the cause of much of the tribal conflicts . 
  playing one tribe against the other is at the core of how a dictatorship remains in power . 
  gaddafi did it , saddam hussain did it , the saudis do it , and assad does it . 
  dictatorships are inherently unstable forms of government that bottle up social unrest until it explodes . 
  the syrian civil war started when assad 's forces started killing protesters who only wanted free elections or at least an end to alawite exploitation . 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice , shame on me . 
  russia is the largest supporter of all that is wrong with the world today . 
  in syria , it 's support for the brutal regime of bashar al assad has given extremists a population so desperate for salvation that even the violence of isis finds a welcome audience . 
  instead of supporting an immediate end to assad and his replacement by a government decided by * one citizen , one vote * the russian government insists that assad should be able to remain in power temporarily ; dictators in power temporarily have a well established reputation for extending their rule indefinitely . 
  in ukraine and georgia , russia has abandoned any pretense of law and engaged in a seizure of territory straight out of stalin 's playbook . 
  russian aggression is based purely out of russia 's belief that its importance in the world entitles it to commit acts of aggression against its neighbors . 
  this aggression is closely linked with russia 's insecurities , for russia to be powerful it has to be able to intimidate its neighbors . 
  this course of action threatens the security of europe if allowed to proceed unchanged , as ukraine is unlikely to be the kremlin 's last victim if russia believes that war will bring it glory .
