  the way many people there see it , the current system does n't work and they 're interested in tearing it down one layer at a time ; leaving the eu makes life difficult for the financial traders and the corporations , because they no longer are connected to the eu common market - in the eyes of many , the exodus of the london bankers to the continent is n't a bad thing at all - and power can begin to shift back to constituencies rather remain tightly grasped by corporate interests . 
  britain has always had an attachment to the idea of local businesses and small shops run by craftsmen , and losing big corporations does n't seem like such a dreadful thing . 
  what the people wanted was an end to the london elites who are well paid , no matter what they do , and who have no particular interest in the people who they are supposed to represent . 
  leaving the eu is part of tearing down the existing order , particularly since the eu is seen as an ally of the london elites ; cameron campaigned for remain , and even those who were for the leave did n't actually want to leave the eu . 
  it 's also worth noting that sweden , denmark , norway , and finland also have been attracting immigrants from places like eritrea , somalia , sudan , lebanon , iraq , and the world 's other conflict locations before the latest crisis . 
  for example , the 2009 crime data for norway found that first generation immigrants from africa were approximately 3 times as likely as ethnic norwegians to commit a felony , with somalis being 4.4 times as likely to commit a felony . 
  it 's not inaccurate to say that what is currently happening in europe has already been happening on a smaller scale in the nordic nations for quite some time . 
  there 's no shortage of data pointing out that in many years the majority of rapes are being committed by a minority of the population , which is predominantly foreign born from the third world . 
  not all immigrants are rapists , as data shows that immigrants from places like vietnam and china are generally as law abiding as ethnic europeans . 
  the lesson is relatively clear ; people from violent places where there is little in terms of rule of law are likely to have little respect for the law in their new country . 
  for a muslim it might be desirable since they are already muslims , but for christians it meant the destruction of their families and communities due to conversion . 
  it did n't matter who they became , the individual christian was gone and used to create a muslim soldier . 
  the only people who benefited from devsirme were the turks , which is why they 're the only ones who defend the practice . 
  they abducted and enslaved christian children to make muslim soldiers out of them , basically treating the christians as little more than breeding stock for soldiers ; destroying christian communities in the process . 
  there 's a reason why the bulgarians developed a legendary reputation for resistance to the turks . 
  the ottoman empire was built on slavery , particularly when it came to non-muslims . 
  the ottoman navy was practically manned almost entirely by slaves , you really did n't know that ? 
  you do n't seem to understand how greek colonization worked . 
  the greeks set up colonies in a similar manner as the phonecians and other seafaring peoples based around city states . 
  they tended to assimilate non-greek populations over time , eventually forming a greek speaking population with some cultural differences as a result . 
  the result was something like the trojans or macedonians , who spoke greek but had some cultural differences . 
  purges generally occur when you have a powerful central authority who decides from afar to carry out such an action . 
  while the greeks had their share of violence , it was n't their typical modus operandi for expansion ; greek settlers were typically not equipped to wage a genocidal war simply because of the generally fractured political nature of the greek peninsula . 
  a group of settlers generally could n't afford to fight a war against an existing population , instead they 'd use their trade connection to the rest of the greek city states and grow over time and absorb the non-greek surrounding areas into their colony over time . 
  no , this a different one but the formula remains the same ; foreigners from countries where women are routinely harassed , women who are n't used to being molested on a regular basis , and a police force that is n't prepared for the new normal of women being assaulted by men from societies where violence is how they act out their sexual urges . 
  it 's not the first , and it wo n't be the last . 
  until european countries recognize that they are n't all doctors and engineers , there are going to be many more mass sexual assaults and groping incidents . 
  ask any muslim women how much she likes taking public transportation in the middle east , and you 'll probably hear more than you ever wanted to know about how coming molesting women is where most of these new arrivals come from . 
  at the time of the nuremberg trials , it was not widely known that the molotov-ribontrop pact contained a clause to jointly invade the european countries between their respective countries . 
  when the nazis brought this to light as a way to defend themselves , the soviets claimed that it was a forgery and the rest of the allies went along with it . 
  proving the soviets were cooperating with the nazis would have been nearly impossible at the time , and then there was the question of what doing so would accomplish ; it 's not like the soviets would have gone along with a trial of their own actions . 
  tldr : the nuremberg trials `` exonerated '' the soviet union , because the soviets lied . 
  if the uk 's political class was looking for an excuse to back track on `` leave '' , this might be it . 
  it 's one thing to leave the eu , it 's another thing to lose scotland . 
   same goes for the christianity . 
  remind me again , when did jesus command people to spread his ministry by the sword ? 
  he did n't , and early christianity is replete with examples of christian martyrs choosing to be killed rather than renounce their faith , whereas early islam ( and modern islam too ) is replete with example of muslims killing those who refuse to convert to islam . 
  islam is nothing more than some local warlord trying to justify his actions by claiming divine guidance , and if people want to worship that warlord 's self-aggrandizing `` teachings '' as a religion , that is fine ; a free world allows people to believe in all sorts of idiotic things . 
  if you intend to compare christianity with islam , you have to face the cold hard fact : christianity 's jesus never killed anyone , never ordered his followers to kill anyone , and never claimed that violence was sanctified by god - islam 's muhammad killed people , ordered his followers to battle numerous times , and taught his followers that violence in god 's name was good . 
  they have a wall , just needs a new coat of paint and a little work . 
   and as an added bonus , the us just lost their primary means of influencing the eu . 
  you do realize the danger of a us that has little stake in the eu , right ? 
  `` we 're free of american involvement in our countries '' can quickly turn into `` why do n't the americans help us with our problems '' ? 
  in case you do n't believe that , try to recall libya , greece , ukraine , and syria . 
  in all of those situations the us has chosen to let europe lead , with less than impressive results . 
  those are situation where the us merely was n't taking the lead , now imagine how much worse they would be if america was actively against the eu . . no american influence means that the united states could tell nato that unless all of its eu members pay 3 % gdp in defense spending , the united states will leave and form a new alliance which may include russia ; donald trump is certainly open to something like that . 
   aso jihad was originally defensive it basically meant if muslims somewhere were in danger every muslim in the world should band together to protect them . 
  there 's nothing defensive about expanding from mecca and medina to holding territory stretching from modern libya in the west to modern day afghanistan in the east within less than 40 years ... what some muslim scholar may have claimed jihad supposedly stands for , does not cover up the fact that jihad is more or less synonymous with muslims embarking on their latest campaign of killing , raping , and robing non-muslims ; there 's a reason southeast asia nations like myanmar are simply saying they 'd rather drive off their muslims than wait for them to develop into a problem , and none of their neighbors want to accept those refugees either . 
  jihad is genocide , simple as that . . 
  is there any legal mechanism for doing this ? 
  as far as i know , the eu was n't designed with the ability to involuntarily force a member to leave . 
  my understanding was that major changes to eu policy had to be unanimous , and in order for the eu to get the necessary changes to kick the uk out it would first require the acquiescence of the uk to change its policy ; is that not correct ? 
  americans are the stupidest people to split the atom , spend over 50 years fighting against two totalitarian systems trying to extinguish democracy , land on the moon , and send multiple rovers to mars . 
  i 'm getting a little tired of the `` americans are dumb '' cliche . 
  yes you can find individual americans who are ignorant , but a dumb country does n't surpass challenge after challenge by accident . 
  the eu literally has terrorists using asylum to have the eu pay for feeding their offspring until they become mature enough to be shipped off to jihad , but americans are the stupid ones ? 
  they might not , but of they are part of nato it would only take one russian government that wanted to conquer europe to sabotage nato ; and russian history is full of russian governments that wanted to conquer europe . 
  until the russians do the same soul searching that the germans did , they 're still likely to revert back to the imperialist habits that largely defined their relationship with the rest of europe for the last 200 years . 
  the russians ca n't even admit that murdering polish pows during ww2 was a bad thing , and that 's not a sign of a prospective good nato member . 
  the reason why so many support it is rather clear ; many british people have severe reservations about how the eu is governed and want to get out before it 's too late . 
  let me provide you with some examples : * economic migrants were already a source of strife when the migrants were merely from other european countries . 
  many people in britain felt that british generosity in benefits was deliberately being exploited by organized crime in poorer parts of europe . 
  basically they 'd start a front business to hire people from their country long enough for those people to qualify for unemployment benefits , fire those people so they could collect benefits and share a portion of the benefit payments with their criminal organization , and repeat the process . 
  * the european union failed to defend its borders from refugees , and the british do n't want to be part of the eu when the french inevitably buckle under the same misguided notions that the germans and swedes are now suffering from . 
  instead of clearing the calais camp and arresting and prosecuting anyone who tried to remain , the french have allowed the camp to expand and expand . 
  instead of the french showing some spine , the leadership in calais routinely threatens to cease enforcing the law to the meager extent they currently do . 
  * on a cultural level , britain is very different from the rest of europe . 
  most european countries are used to their neighbors being distinctly different from them in language and history . 
  the british have a broad swath of the world that looks and sounds like them as a result of colonialism . 
  it 's understandable that the united kingdom is going to feel less close to europe when there exist so many non-european countries that have much more in common with britain than any other european country . 
  will it hurt the uk economically ? 
  almost certainly , but that does n't mean that quite a few people feel that the economic cost is worth gaining political independence from the eu . 
  it also opens the door for speedier trade deals , as british negotiations do n't involve the entire eu being in agreement ; britain may be more economically agile in the future as a result of brexit , we ca n't say for sure . 
  there is one problem with that , and it 's the same reason that the soviets were n't allowed to join nato in the 50s ; we ca n't be sure that they are n't joining nato merely to destroy it from the inside . 
  by joining nato , russia would be better positioned than ever to destroy nato . 
  it would have access to nato 's plans , force strength , and everything else it would need to craft a battle plan to attack europe . 
  russia would also be in a position to create havoc on institutional level , as it could sabotage nato 's inner workings due to having a seat at the table . 
  nato was n't designed with a membership intent on sabotaging the alliance in mind , and russia would have few obstacles to doing such a thing if it got inside nato . 
  do n't get me wrong , a russia that is interested in being part of nato would be a good thing ; the problem is that it 's a question about whether or not you trust russia and being wrong would mean that millions of people would die . 
  let 's go a step further , and instead of nato supervision let us have the country who may or may not annex the russian region do the supervision of the referendums . 
  * north korea can supervise the referendum in russia 's far east . 
  * japan can supervise the referendum in sakhalin . 
  * china can supervise the referendum of russian territory that the soviets gained through a similar military referendum in the 20s . 
  * poland can supervise a referendum of former polish territory in russia . 
  since russia 's military supervised the referendum in crimea without any independent media , i am sure they 're not going to have a problem with the militaries of other countries supervising referendums of russian territory with a similar tight control of the media ; after all , what russia did in crimea was a shining example of upholding international law for all countries to follow , right ? 
  the alternative to americans fighting wars is conflicts like syria and darfur , where human rights are few and far between . 
  the 90s was full of civil wars as america 's military was generally downsizing ; there was n't a country in africa that was not either experiencing a civil war or bordering a country that had a civil war , yugoslavians were killing , raping , and burying each other in mass graves for years before nato put an end to it . 
  are you happy when human beings are literally slaughtered like cattle , enslaved , and countries self-destruct ? 
  because the alternative to an american soldier keeping the world safe is chaos and destruction or tyranny . 
  americans do fight wars that arguably have little effect on american territorial safety , because we have seen the effects of nonintervention time and time again . 
  if your country would like to take responsibility for fighting murderous dictatorships , by all means you are welcome to that burden . 
  extreme amounts of civilian casualties ? 
  i 'm not sure what you think are extreme amounts , but drones are generally speaking one of the lowest casualty ways to fight a war . 
  the alternatives are either boots on the ground or airstrikes by larger manned aircraft with much more extensive ordinance and systems to protect a pilot . 
  when a drone gets shot down , there 's no need to send in an armed rescue force , and no need to send in additional support aircraft ( which could also be shot down ) . 
  civilians tend to die in the crossfire of battles more than anything else , and drone warfare eliminates a good deal of that by virtue of its disposable nature . 
  drones are not more deadly than previous weapons systems , their biggest asset is that they are cheaper to operate . 
  there 's a plethora of information about the soviet union 's cooperation with various german militarists and industrialists . 
  the nazis were merely the logical end of that pattern of cooperation . 
  we all know about poland and the various agreements to partition europe between the soviets and nazis , but the seeds of their cooperation go back much further .
