  if we went to war we 'd be playing russia 's game , and we 'd lose ( in the sense that it would mean mutual destruction and probably no real benefits ) ; we 're not going to play russia 's game . 
  being invaded by their western neighbors is a russian escapist fantasy in the way that a zombie apocalypse is america 's escapist fantasy . 
  we 're not going to war , we 're not going to clash bayonet to bayonet , we 're not going to give the russians a quick and heroic death ; instead , we 're going to beat them in a far worse way by depriving them of any glory or heroism through sanctions that will starve them until basic need compels them to swallow their pride and surrender . 
  this conflict is n't going to be fought with tanks on the plains , submarines in the deep , or men in the streets ; we 're going to make russia suffer at every kitchen table when a russian family struggles to make end 's means due to the rising costs of imports , when russian entrepreneurs have to give up on their dreams when they ca n't get a loan , and when the russian elites find that their stolen wealth is n't so safe abroad . 
  all the tanks , guns , and jets in the world are meaningless in such a conflict ; you ca n't make shoes , grow food , or loan money with a tank . 
  if you kill a man , he is still proud in his heart ; if you deprive him of food until he begs for relief , he wo n't be proud anymore . 
  the alternative ; enact reforms and work on improving ukraine now that the obstructionist pro-russian lobby is largely absent from the rada , let the russians bear the economic costs of supporting the territories they 're holding , keep steadily making improvements in the ukrainian military , and let the effects of sanctions wear down russia . 
  the situation for the russians is unsustainable , and the only way that russia wins is if the ukrainians lose their nerve and give up ( which is pretty unlikely ) , or russia amasses enough forces to march all the way to the polish border and spends the next decade or more completely occupied with fighting ukrainian insurgents . 
  territorial conflicts do n't rule out nato membership , even if they do make it unlikely . 
  if nato sees value in ukraine being a member and ukraine wants to be a member of nato , there is no technical reason barring nato membership . 
  for example greece and turkey are both nato members , despite having numerous border conflicts , skirmishes , and territorial dispute with each other . 
  yes , which is why they 're mostly clustered in the western portion of germany . 
  they probably would have if not for nato lacking a strong threat from russia for a good 15 + years , and presence of the bases becoming an economic boon for german communities ( who in turn , put pressure on their representatives to try to keep the bases in germany ) . 
  there was also a strong lobby in nato ( particularly germany ) that wanted to avoid antagonizing russia and thus kept the issue of relocating bases eastward on the low burner . 
  for the germans , keeping nato bases in germany was a way to simultaneously get us money for their local towns and to curry favor with the russians who would reward politicians with things like seats on the board of major russian state owned companies and investment in germany . 
  from 1991 to 2008 ish , there really was n't much reason to worry about russia and for the purposes of training and transit ( to and from places like iraq and afghanistan ) it made sense to use established infrastructure for american military planners . 
  with the united states focusing on conflicts like iraq and the rest of nato virtually dismantling their armed forces altogether , it 's not like anyone had a strong motive to build new bases east . 
  and who is going to implement that ? 
  the hard truth is that palestinians see the vast majority those killed or imprisoned by israeli security forces as heroes in the same way that many israelis see any [ israeli soldier who dies violently at the hands of palestinians as a hero ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baruch_goldstein#veneration_by_extremists ) . 
  both sides venerate terrorists , and neither side is likely to give that up without time and peace ; the palestinians are n't going to be intimidated into giving up their questionable heroes while the israelis keep theirs any more than the israelis would be intimidated into giving up their questionable heroes while the palestinians keep theirs . 
  i think it 'd be great to have both sides face the hard truth that plenty of terrible things are undeserving of being called `` martyrdom '' , but until the focus is on both sides this is n't going to achieve anything except more resentment and hatred . 
  put yourself in their shoes ; for example if you had a hero who killed an entire village , would you give into pressure to disavow him while the other side did n't have to disavow their hero who did the same thing ? 
  you probably would n't , and they wo n't either ; if your serious about getting both sides to look inwards , this focus ca n't be one sided . 
  as long as there is an occupation going on , any palestinian with the courage to ask `` why should we consider this person a martyr '' is going to be accused of treason by the palestinian people . 
  palestinians are n't going to start seeing the israelis as people while there is an israeli boot on their necks . 
  knowing rt , it probably had a headline like `` macron admits selectively restricting media access '' . 
  when russian state media is n't telling outrageous lies ( like nato soldiers raping children in ukraine ) , it usually puts plenty of spin on its stories . 
  greece and turkey violate each other 's territory routinely , it 's to be expected when the aegean is a jigsaw puzzle of national boundaries . 
  you 're both nato members , and that is a much more complicated situation than deal with non-nato vs nato situations . 
  it 'd be great if you could both dial down the tensions , but as long as neither of you are shooting each other ; thats a pretty good day . 
  as long as turkey is strategically important , tolerating their delusions to a point is required for the greater good . 
  if you do n't like that answer , sort out your country , use that tax money to build up your military , and then retake constantinople ; if you control the access to the black sea there will be little reason to put up with turkey 's behavior . 
  if greeks wo n't pay taxes to support their military , why should american taxpayers do it ? 
  and of all the reasons why we are unreliable ? 
  because trump pointed out that nato does n't work if something like 90 % of nato 's forces are americans and 10 % are canadian ; collective defense requires collective burdens . 
  the european members of nato are n't impoverished , it 's not fair nor honorable to ask americans to defend a europe that europeans refuse to defend themselves . 
   having logistics in your own country does n't mean shit if you 're invading . 
  they had trouble with waging a war in georgia , you 're view of russian military might is stuck in the cold war . 
  in case you forgot , the russians won the war with georgia and more importantly they 're improving . 
  they performed better in ukraine than they did in georgia , and they used lessons learned in ukraine for their intervention in syria . 
  the russians have been using small conflicts to gain practical experience . 
  each of these conflicts , russia has increased the sophistication of their operations and the scope of their objectives . 
  you 're focusing on their mistakes , but failing to see that they are n't making those mistakes twice . .  tank strength doest mean shit when they do n't have anything to support them with , in this case , air support , logistics and infantry . 
  russia literally has an immense arsenal of infantry fighting vehicles , self propelled guns , self propelled anti-air , and mobile artillery . 
  it has an entire branch of its military dedicated to airborne operations , and they have plenty of helicopter gunships as well as utility helicopters - the united states even bought russian helicopters for the afghan military - and that includes the world 's most powerful lift helicopters too . 
  the russians have an arsenal that has next to no gaps , if you name a land kr air weapon type - tanks , fighters , attack aircraft , bombers , spaag , etc - they build it . 
  they have more tanks than everyone else , but they 're still very well rounded in overall weapon systems for a land war . 
  let me ask you this : why do you believe that the russians ca n't drive their tanks 10 hours without breaking down ? 
  oh , you 're one of those people . .  it is not in the interest of belgium since it would result in wasteful spending with any meaningful result . 
  pursuing integration towards a common eu defense force is far more in line with what belgium should invest in . 
  a defensive alliance without the world 's best military in it is somehow a better defense than a defensive alliance that inxludes the world 's best military ? 
  do you somehow believe that integration is going to make you safer but is n't going to cost more money than meeting the 2 % spending goal ? 
  because if you believe that , you need to ask yourself how that is even possible . 
  the united states is the richest country to ever exist , and it has the most formidable military in history . 
  are you saying that you believe that a group of countries paying less than 2 % of their gdp are going to build an alliance that makes them safer than if they were part of an alliance that includes the united states ? 
  integration is a decent way to use your resources to meet the 2 % spending goal , it is not a substitute for the 2 % spending goal . 
  as you should know from your own country 's two occupations , there is no substitute for blood and money when it comes to paying for a war . 
  the idea that there are magic instantaneous solutions is part of the problem with many european countries who do n't meet their agreed upon obligations . 
  spending 2 % of gdp consistently is going to result in a stronger military that is capable of pulling its own weight in nato . 
  the baltics might be small , but if they 're spending 2 % of gdp they are meeting their obligations ; latvia is unlikely to ever be the world 's leading military power but they are honoring their commitments to collective security than many other countries who seem to believe that hiding behind weak arguments about `` efficiency '' will cover up the obvious weaknesses like that they have no armored units as a result of budget slashing . 
  europe has a lot of little armies because it does n't spend money , you can only stretch a euro so many ways before you have to face the fact that everything has a cost and efficiency will only get you so far . 
  nato members fall into two categories : those who are pulling their weight , and those who are not . 
  not every citizen of a country agrees with their leader 's spending policies , but you certainly seem to agree with not meeting the 2 % of gpd spending level . 
  right now the only penalty for being unwilling to honor your promises is shame , the least you could do is feel that . 
  greece and turkey have shot each others planes down in the past , but they generally try to avoid that these days . 
  if greece starts shooting down turkish planes , turkey will start shooting down greek planes and both sides are level headed enough to not stumble into a nato vs nato conflict . 
  in case you 'd forgotten , turkey had a reconnaissance plane shot down by the syrians early on in the syrian civil war . 
  russia was warned to stay clear of the turkish border , and it did n't - the russians had no reason to believe the turks would n't shoot hostile aircraft from syrian territory down after the syrians had previously escalated the situation to using lethal force . 
  austria is n't nato , and turkey is ; the rules are quite clear about any nato member being able to veto the participation of non-nato members in exercises . 
  this does n't mean that turkey is right to do so , but turkey does have the right to make that exclusion happen . 
  these are the rules that we all agreed to a long time ago . 
  nato is an alliance where all members have an equal say ( at least formally ) and if the turks are members of nato , they have as much right to veto austria as the germans or any other nato memebr would have to veto the participation of a country like saudi arabia , mexico , or colombia . 
  as for defending austria , nato protects nato members . 
  if austria wants to join nato , that is great and they 'd probably be admitted rather swiftly but austria is n't a nato member . 
  nato is n't some sentimental group of countries with a shared cultural identity , it 's a military alliance . 
  nato troops should n't defend non-nato nations without a very good reason . 
  it does n't matter if our allies have values that are totally alien , the goal of nato is to guard the sovereignty of its members . 
  austria is n't a nato member , it does n't get protected by article 5 . 
  nato is n't the eu , nato is n't a liberal institution , nato is n't the un ; nato is a military alliance that defends its members . 
   that 's saudi arabia dude , that was the logistics they had for invading a country that was 20 km away the saudis did n't fly 700,000 us soldiers in on saudi planes , they did n't feed them from saudi supply stocks , they did n't house them in saudi produced tents , and they were n't armed with saudi produced munitions ; in fact , the saudis were receiving us supplies . 
  the us navy and the military sealift command provided for the logistics , not the saudis . 
   which again does n't mean shit if you ca n't fucking move them or maintain them . 
  like you 're literally using bog numbers to counter act the fact that they have fuck all for logistics the russians have good logistics , they would n't be holding more territory than any country on earth if they could n't maintain a supply chain across their vast territory . 
  they have military bases throughout their vast country , and the fact that they have n't descended into anarchy or revolt ( quite the opposite in fact , as the russian state has a tight grip on power ) speaks to the fact they can keep their forces supplied despite having territory that stretches from asia to europe . 
  they are not bad at logistics , i do n't know where you are getting this impression ; they have a shit navy , but they do n't need a navy to supply their army as long as there is a land route . 
  the russians are n't very impressive on water , but formidable on land . 
   you mean the time when they were an actual superpower with half of the continent being its allies and had a defence budget that was significantly larger ? 
  i mean , they had plenty of time to figure out how to storm europe , what kinds of weaponry they needed for the job , and to build that weaponry . 
  it does n't take much to keep a tank stored properly , as the numbers of ww2 tanks running around can attest to ; and the russians have kept their stockpiles of formidable tanks properly stored for the most part . 
  likewise , if the russian military budget is smaller than the soviets - the european military budget is practically nonexistant by comparison . 
  the germans have less 10 % of the armored forces they had at the height of the cold war , for example . 
  plenty of nato/eu members have practically no armored divisions whatsoever . 
  the russians are n't as big as they used to be , but europe have slashed their budgets far more dramatically than russia has . 
  you seem to be under this impression that russia is a crumbling state that ca n't properly maintain itself or its military ; that is not the case . 
  even when the russian people are starving , the kremlin has always known that the key to preserving the russian state is to preserve military power . 
  russia has been invaded enough that the russians instinctively understand the importance of their military . 
  in the 90s , the russians took care to properly store as much of their weapons as they could in order to be able to use or modernize them later when the situation improved . 
  the russians are formidable , and that capability should be respected ; a country does n't become the largest nation on earth despite being plagued by almost constant warfare throughout their history without developing qualities that make them formidable as a nation . 
  they know how to wage war , and all of the facts attest to russia 's formidable capabilities in any hypothetical conflict in europe . 
  desert storm was overseas , supplying troops in the middle of a desert .
