  people who read tales of severed heads being used as garden ornaments and hands being chopped off to coerce people to do backbreaking work considered the man responsible for that to be a equal or peer of the sultan in terms of cruelty . 
  leopold ii of belgium was about as evil as you could get in the 19th century , and popular opinion of the time placed him alongside the sultan adbul hamid ii . 
  were there worse empires out there ? 
  it 's certainly possible , but that does n't change the fact that the ottoman empire was widely believed to be terrible by people at the time ; particularly people who lived in nearby countries and had a good view of what was happening in the ottoman empire . 
  those nations who did preserve their culture did so in spite of the ottoman empire . 
  things like abducting children and more or less forcibly converting them to islam can destroy a culture . 
  the conduct of the ottoman empire more or less turned guerrilla warfare against the turks into a part of life for generations of christians in the balkans and their culture ; it 's part of the reason that the serbs had virtually no compunctions about unleashing horrific levels of violence upon muslims in the 90s with relatively little provocation . 
  centuries of oppression by the ottomans had pretty much shaped the cultures of balkan christians into cultures where fighting muslims was no different than killing wolves . 
  ultimately the ottoman empire 's effect on the cultures of those nearby was quite negative , as the violent expulsion of turks by serbs/bulgarians/greeks / etc from the balkans post 1918 demonstrates . 
  no turk alive today is responsible for the crimes of the ottoman empire , and to the credit of the republic of turkey it did try to prosecute those responsible . 
  my only wish is that the turkish republic could look at the facts without becoming emotional . 
  it 's unfortunate that people are calling you a genocide denier , for that you have my sympathy . 
  that said , there are a few things * the ottoman expansion had stopped because it had been turned back by military means , it was n't like the ottoman empire ceased looking for new conquests . 
  the ottoman empire had ceased expanding because it ran out of weaker foes within easy reach , not because it had become liberal , peaceful , or interested in internal development . 
  * the ottomans were brutal foreign invaders from asia , who ruthlessly oppressed many of their subject peoples ; particularly non-muslims . 
  whether you 're asking greeks , serbians , bulgarians , etc - you 'll see that far more ethnic groups describe the turks as oppressors than protectors . 
  there was not a single ethnic minority group within the empire that was subject to persecution at one point or another ; this is why the ottoman empire had so many uprisings . 
  * the expulsion of turks from the balkans was unfortunate , but it does n't excuse the fact that the ottoman empire carried out a genocide . 
  it 's important to understand that the ottoman empire was brutal and evil to many of its subject peoples , and as a result many of those people had no qualms about getting rid of every turk they could - the more turks you kill today , the less turks will there will be around to try to kill your children tomorrow was how many of them saw it . 
  for a very long time , the ottoman policies towards its minorities had bred hatred toward turks . 
  it 's always unfortunate when innocent people suffer , but for the life of me what i ca n't understand is why you do n't place that blame on the ottoman empire ; the ottoman empire carried out policies that created hatred and resentment of turks among the empire 's non-turks , and endangered innocent turks who by and large had done nothing wrong . 
  instead of defending the ottoman empire , you should be asking yourself why nobody except turks are defending it . . 
  the thing is , there is n't a united european power . 
  there is n't even a european power is united enough to deal with a humanitarian crisis in an effective manner . 
  first of all , ask yourself how many tanks your country has . 
  if that number is less than 1,000 tanks ( and i mean tanks , not infantry fighting vehicles ) how well do you think you 'd fare against russia 's tens of thousands of tanks ( they have around 2,000 to 3,000 tanks in active service alone , not to mention the tens of thousands of t-72 variants in reserve ) . 
  if the russians send in thousands of tanks , backed by tens of thousands of ifvs , and their mobile artillery - they 'll overrun europe . 
  we saw how united europe was with the migrant crisis ; instead of sending assistance to countries on the front lines like greece and italy , europe 's nations put border controls on the italian and greek borders . 
  against russian aggression , you can expect similar `` as long as russia is n't invading my country , it 's not a problem '' behavior . 
  without nato , russia could conquer europe one disarmed democracy at a time , a conclusion reached by nearly every military staff in europe . 
  america does it what it does in europe , because we want to prevent yet another world war . 
  we wanted to stay out of two world wars , and yet we were dragged into both - by staying in europe , there 's been no third world war . 
  russians do it to feel better about themselves , americans do it because we want strong allies . 
  we 'd have no issues with european peacefulness that borders on fanatical pacifism if our own soldiers were n't the ones carrying the extra burden of defending countries that choose to disarm themselves to a frighteningly irresponsible degree . 
  if people did n't believe a refugee was 13 , and they 're angry about it they should ask why there is such a heavy skepticism in the first place . 
  the prevalence of people abusing the system to try to get entry into the developed world in general and the united kingdom in particular is to blame . 
  for example , if lying about your age carried the death penalty you can be sure that there would be far fewer asylum seekers fraudulently claiming to be under 13 . 
  if the author wants to be angry , he 's got a right to that anger ; society needs anger to change . 
  the issue is that his anger is directed at the people who have the task of trying to sort criminals from genuine children instead of those who are creating the problem by fraudulently claiming to be under 13 . 
  the problem is relatively simple ; poor countries create more people than they can support - prior to 20th century , this was more or less normal . 
  this leads to famine , civil war , wars of conquest , etc in an attempt to equalize the population needs with available resources . 
  since poor countries are n't going to declare war on the developed world , that mostly leaves civil war , famine , and emigration as options . 
  the developed world can not absorb the excess population of the developing world indefinitely , and all too common cases of chronic mismanagement by governments in the developing world only exacerbates this problem . 
  it 's not a matter of being pro or anti russian , it 's a matter of being brave enough to stand up to threats . 
  if putin can threaten to take everything , and europeans `` compromise '' by giving him half of everything ; he came out ahead from where he started off . 
  it was likely russia getting rid of him since he outlived his usefulness ; they 've been removing `` revolutionaries '' and replacing them with actual russian military personnel for a while . 
  strelkov , being a russian agent himself knowing how the russian strategy worked , and took `` retirement '' without any resistance . 
  there 's been a few attempts to remove motorola over the years ; his recklessness and brutality proved embarrassing for the kremlin 's attempt to portray the militants in donetsk as heroic defenders of the defenseless . 
   i would like for syria to become a democracy but it just is n't possible . 
  assad wo n't give up after fighting tooth and nail to keep control of his country and being really close to winning . 
  the fact that he controls roughly 30 % of the country and is utterly dependent on foreigners to do his fighting for him should tell you how `` close to winning '' he is . 
  if the russians and iranians get tired of dying for assad and leave , he loses almost immediately . 
  as for how much support he has , you only need to look at the numbers of syrian refugees to get an idea of how many syrians would rather risk death travelling through the aegean and balkans than trust assad not to kill them simply for being sunnis . . 
  i realize that as a european , you 're used to making a mess of things and having a responsible nation fix your problems - in this case , syria 's perpetual instability being a result of european imperialism . 
  does n't sound very nice , does it ? 
  if you have an actual issue with my solution , say it - trying to write it off as `` classical american blah blah '' is an avoidance tactic . 
  say what you want about us americans ; we fix problems , even those created by other people . . 
  except that would n't change much - assad 's support base is 25 % of the country 's people at best , and a military victory is more or less impossible . 
  if he takes all of aleppo , it just means that syria still has insurgency in the countryside reminiscent of the soviet experience in afghanistan . 
  assad would n't negotiate with his own people when they held peaceful marches calling for free elections ; if you think that he 'll negotiate now , you 're mistaken . 
  if he can spare the manpower by winning most of the conventional aspect of this conflict , he 'll probably embark on a genocidal purge of the sunni population to ensure that they never challenge him again . 
  assad 's government is a minority rule based government , and it is inherently unstable ; 6 months ago he was on his last legs , until the russians and iranians deployed fresh reinforcements to prop him up . 
  it 's funny that people talk about support for the rebels as if assad 's army was entirely made up of syrian people . 
  the easiest way to end the war is for assad to step down , an international coalition to step in and enforce a ceasefire and disarmament of all factions , which paves the way for free elections to choose a new syrian leader , new syrian government , and a new syrian constitution . 
  assad 's rule only empowers extremists , and the sooner he is removed the sooner jihadists appealing to sunni muslims lose their biggest recruiting tool . 
  i would tell you that no matter how you feel about the uk , they have been next door to your country for over a thousand years and will continue to be your neighbor for many years to come . 
  history has demonstrated that the usual alternative to a cooperative relationship between britain and mainland europe is ... rather unpleasant . 
  if you 're looking for victory , you 've already started down the wrong road . 
  there are no winners in trade wars between neighbors of relatively equal power who practically sit nose to nose . 
  if the uk has indeed become reactionary , it serves no one 's interests - especially not those who want a united europe - to turn this setback in the stage for a long lasting conflict . 
  do you really believe that you can intimidate the british people with harsh words ? 
  i do n't dispute that the stakes are high for the eu , but the same was true of the migrant situation and france and germany are now enduring frequent terrorist attacks . 
  the eu could n't even agree on a way to deal with a murderous third world dictatorship , whom they had no trade relationship with to worry about . 
  the fact that the stakes are high does n't mean that the eu is going to become a strong negotiator when history is replete with examples of poor statesmanship by the eu . 
  does the uk have incredibly strong leverage over the eu ? 
  probably not , but it is important to remember that the eu sells more goods to the uk than the uk sells to the eu and in a way that is at least some modest leverage ; nobody in the eu wants to lose their british customers . 
  it 's also worth noting that the eu is n't generally capable of functioning under pressure , if its performance with greece and the refugees are anything to go by . 
  lately the eu seems to be a smaller replica of the un and its ineffectiveness , but without the cynical process of repressive dictatorships nominating each other for awards on democratic governance and respect for human rights ( there is always belarus and russia , i guess ) . 
  the british have the advantage of one leader , with one agenda . 
  the eu on the other hand , is notoriously divided among multiple poles of power and has as many interest groups as members . 
  instead of being focused on who is going to suffer the most , and how to inflict pain - the focus should be on what of the current state of affairs ought to be preserved at all costs . 
  faith is still there , it 's where you pray to god and have faith that the bunkers do n't get hit directly by a nuclear weapon . 
  do you think the british believe merkel is being fair when she talks about toughness ? 
  by and large , they probably see it as yet more arrogant dictations by the germans in the same manner that the greeks rankled as germany tried to dictate the country 's budget , and eastern europe bristled with indignation as the germans tried to compel them to accept refugees who they only allowed into the eu because germany said it would take them . 
  add in the fact that the common market still had plenty of german protectionism ( british insurance has generally not been available in germany for example ) , and it starts to look like the eu serves primarily one country . 
  at any rate , the issue is that the less unity and generosity europe 's countries show to each other - the more room there is for hostility to grow and take on dangerous forms . 
  today , it 's the cold shoulders ; tomorrow , it 's a willingness to throw military weight around in disputes much as iceland and the uk did via the cod wars - and that was only resolved because of the intense threat presented by the soviet union . 
  for someone who professes to believe in european integration , merkel is doing a wonderful job of burning bridges . 
  the eu is not the first effort at european integration , and it wo n't be the last - european integration is more than just the eu . 
  it 's based around the premise of preventing hostility towards other europeans , and that comes before anything else . 
  by saying `` we have to take a hard position '' merkel and all of the other european leaders are forgetting that the cornerstone of european unity is magnanimity towards each other , rather than the previous pattern of taking turns forcing one 's will upon the other through force of arms . 
  instead of `` we have to be tough '' ( with all of its implied harshness ) , the idea going into these negotiations should be `` with charity towards all , and malice towards none '' with an eye towards preserving as much as possible of the eu relations with britain . 
  the last thing europe needs is hostility along national lines . 
  for european unity to function , europeans need to behave like other european countries are closer to them than non-european countries ; so far , germany has fallen short of that . 
  they 're probably exaggerating the exact figure , but not by too much . 
  basically you take out a loan with your entire family 's assets and future as collateral , and it 's how debt slavery occurs ; the entire family owes that loan until it 's paid , forever . 
  if you do n't pay , there is a relatively good chance of having your women sold off to traffickers , sons sold off to slavery ( often working in hazardous professions like mining or fishing ) , and old people sold off to human organ harvesting rings . 
  all of those outcomes have been well documented . 
  it 's a terrible cycle , especially when people discover that european governments do n't give out free cars and thousands of dollars every week ; so they get desperate to find a way to pay their loans and turn to crime , or they give up and their families get even more desperate and resolve to send another son to europe to try to make money ( which incurs yet more debt ) . 
   the british government granted the ulster volunteer terrorists northern ireland against the democratic will of the people of the entire ireland .
