  the problem is these asylum seekers by and large do not share those values . 
  sweden has 10 million people , it ca n't absorb millions of people who do not share its values in a very short period of time and still be the nation that welcomes all with kindness . 
  money is not going to automatically change the asylum seekers into progressive people who have european sensibilities , dubai and all the other wealthy gulf states are proof of that . 
  if you make it clear that your concerns are about the values and behavior of the asylum seekers , you may discover you 've been part of a silent majority . 
  the british empire had a similar thing with its much of its aristocracy considering itself irish or scottish or indian , as if owning a massive estate in ireland ( which has been managed from afar for a few generations ) makes you irish . 
  merkel may have grown up in east germany , but germany is n't poland , bulgaria , or any of the other countries that did n't have a rich , western twin waiting to receive them with open arms . 
  it 's not practically a rite of passage for young germans to leave their country in search of work . 
  as bad as things may have been for east germans , they have n't gone through the same post-communist experience that eastern europe has . 
  merkel is 30 years out of touch . 
  2008 was a very long time ago , back then we all believed that putin had a term limit and that russia could change over time into a healthy relationship with its neighbors ; temporarily accommodating their paranoia was n't too much of a problem if it lead to a better future . 
  now we realize that russia is n't going to change into something better since putin is the effectively a tsar and that any sort of thing they want or support is almost certainly bad for europe , democracy , and geopolitical stability . 
  putin can throw all the temper tantrums he wants , if anything it 'll speed up ukrainian entry into nato . 
  first of all , the soviets did not elevate the russian orthodox church over anyone - thousands of priests and other laity were either killed or sent to gulags and churches across the soviet union were shut down , demolished , defaced , or ransacked ; quite a few were seized by the soviets to be used as stables . 
  the only religion that the soviets showed any sort of ease upon was judaism , and that was mostly to avoid any sort of unpleasant comparisons to the nazis more than anything else . 
  it may not be easy to remember , but for decades countless relics of the orthodox church and virtually every other faith in russia were in so-called `` museums of superstition '' which were more or less equivalent to the nazi `` degenerate art '' exhibitions ; relics were mishandled , displayed for spectacle , and treated in a fashion designed to distress religious believers . 
  secondly , the united states government has repeatedly shot down various christian oriented legislation for centuries . 
  politically active people are not the same thing as the government . 
   russia supporting a struggling secular allied dictator . 
  i 'm not sure how a government that is run almost exclusively for the benefit of one religious sect ( the alawite shia ) , is supposed to be considered secular . 
  i hear the same crap about saddam being secular , despite his obvious and extensive persecutions of shia muslims and their worship practices while refraining from any such actions toward sunni worship practices . 
  a government that elevates one religion above a different religion , is not secular . 
  accepting assad 's claims that his government is secular would be like accepting the apartheid era south african government 's claims that its government is n't racist , because it says it is n't racist and ignoring the fact that 10 % of the total population/100 % of the white population seem to be the only ones who can vote . 
  in assad 's syria , the alawites are in a similar position . 
  if a country can join nato while having a territorial dispute with several nato members as well as disputes with non nato countries-this was the situation with spain joining nato in 1982 - ukraine can certainly join nato with its current standoff with russia . 
  ultimately , it 's more a question of whether nato feels that ukraine in nato is a net benefit . 
  they do , but anyone who has anything to do with it is likely to stay quiet about it since the mossad are n't exactly known for having an issue with abducting people in foreign countries . 
  the thing is , they 're not quite economic migrants . . economic migrants generally speaking are folks like the turks or poles , they 're there to work . 
  they may depress wages with cheap labor , but they 're generally a good thing for at least somebody in the host country ( usually business owners ) . 
  the migrants you have today are generally not interested in working . 
  i do n't know what the current statistics are in austria , but quite a few reports on the status of foreign born residents of sweden and norway had huge percentages of able bodied people simply not working . . 
  until recently , there were several hurdles for migrants that effectively kept millions of people from contemplating going to europe . 
  it 's critical to understand that migration has momentum , once it starts it will try to keep going in spite of new obstacles . 
  here 's a few key points : * the greek syriza government stopped trying to halt migrants coming from turkey going to europe . 
  greece has been having trouble with migrants for years . 
  * the eu had a funding dispute with the italians over the costs of policing the mediterranean sea . 
  because of this , italy curtailed operations . 
  when it became clear that the libyan smugglers saw this as a golden opportunity to send boats on a collision course with the italian coast , things changed but by then the damage was done . 
  * the german chancellor made a statement that effectively sounded like `` syrian migrants can stay in germany '' and set off a human migration that is ongoing as everyone tries to get into germany . 
  those millions of people have momentum and are n't going to turn back just because the germans start to realize the scale of the migration - if nothing else , they figure that germany ca n't feasibly deport millions of people anytime soon ( and they 're right ) . 
  [ the mad caliph , al-hakim ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-hakim_bi-amr_allah ) systematically destroyed christian places of worship in egypt and the holy land . 
  his own muslim subjects eventually killed him ( or he simply disappeared one night and was never seen again , depending on your beliefs ) . 
  in anatolia , pilgrims faced organized attacks by muslim communities as well as roaming bands of seljuk turks . 
  [ the great german pilgrimage of 1064 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_german_pilgrimage_of_1064%e2%80%9365 ) is typical of the dangers christian pilgrims faced , with even large caravans not being safe from attack by muslims . 
  peaceful co-existence in the middle east has never been as frequent as muslim historians like to exaggerate on the topic ; after the first 50 years of mohammad 's death , islam got a less liberal in that mohammad 's prescriptions for peaceful coexistence often got ignored in favor of his prescriptions for religious cleansing . 
  for example the crusades largely started because of muslim depredations on christian populations , with the egyptian caliph destroying christian houses of worship in egypt and the holy land and the turks attacking pilgrim caravans on their way to jerusalem being two driving factors . 
  unfortunately , even if you do seperate the two populations the muslim refugees are still in a country where there are millions of christians and christian houses of worship ... 
  seriously , if these people are going to attack christians then they are a threat to european societies in general . 
  we already see it with regards to the jews - who are less numerous than christians and more intensely despised by islamic scripture than christians - in europe facing attacks on their persons and property by muslims . 
  importing millions of muslims from a tradition of seeing christians and jews as inferior beings into europe is a recipe for violence on a massive scale . 
  druze support assad , as the syrian political structure basically consists of alawite rule with syria 's other minorities ( druze , christians , other shia sects , etc ) getting treated better than the sunnis . 
  the druze in israel play a similar role of supplying soldiers for better social position , and you 'll find similar situations in just about every other tribal society . 
  if you look at the example sweden , the party that is skeptical about refugees is also systematically coordinated against by the rest of the political establishment . 
  the same is true in several other places in europe , with misguided leftists ( the sort who know what they 're against , but have forgotten what they are for ) trying to silence any opposition to accepting refugees by the millions . 
  the political process is working slowly , anti-migrant parties are growing but slower than elections are scheduled while tens of thousands of people are arriving daily in parts of europe . 
  there 's a very real fear among skeptics of migration that by the time their political strength reaches a point where the misguided left can no longer politically isolate them , their country will already have millions of migrants . 
  russia 's `` help '' is what has turned this war into the unending conflict that it is . 
  assad 's government is in essence no different than the minority ruled governments of rhodesia or south africa - they will never be stable , not without genocide . 
  you can not have a government based on a minority ruling over a majority without regular uprisings . 
  you 'd think by now that europe would understand that nearly everything russia advocates is something that will harm europe . 
  as long as assad is in power , the refugees are n't likely to go back . 
  many of them would be killed by his secret police if they did , no matter what lies he may say about not being interested in punitive killings should he prevail . 
  the man turned machine guns onto unarmed crowds of syrians calling for elections , there is no level of brutality to which he wo n't stoop . 
  as long as assad is in power , muslim radicalism has a focal point to concentrate around . 
  a brutal shite who kills sunnis in cold blood is one of the greatest recruiting tools for islamic militancy since the soviets invaded afghanistan . 
  the vast majority of the 1 billion muslims are sunni and it 's no surprise that thousands of people are going to syria every year to fight against assad 's forces . 
  his existence gives islamists a genuinely evil enemy to use for recruiting , and it will continue to be useful as long as he 's in power . 
  the only way that this conflict ends in a way that is n't an objective nightmare is for assad to step down , syria to have a caretaker government , an international coalition to put a ground force together to eliminate isis , and then un oversight of national elections . 
  that 's the only way to have any chance of getting the refugees back into syria ( since most of them are sunni ) , deprive the islamists of a fantastic recruiting tool , and to end the threat of perpetual uprisings by the sunnis without resorting to genocide . 
  judging by the title , i thought corbyn was saying that lithuania was safer with nato which came as a bit of a surprise given that corbyn has expressed disdain for democracy far and wide . 
  turns out that it was the ambassador of lithuania , and the title was an address to corbyn . 
  jeremy corbyn is an apologist for anyone who is an imperialist , be they muslims who seek to create the very countries they fled from or argentine militarists who desire a piece of territory that they have no claim to other than distant geographic proximity . 
  as bad as the tories are with their `` austerity for thou , gold dinnerware for me '' philosophy , they at least have a reasonable understanding of history and are able to comprehend that people outside western europe are capable of doing evil . 
  corbyn does n't seem to be capable of finding wrong with anyone outside western europe ( except perhaps the united states ) , no matter what the historical facts are . 
  the united states and europe support the moderates ( who are mostly nationalist sunni syrians who want some form of democratic government ) with nonlethal assistance , but it 's the middle eastern allies of the united states who have little qualms about arming anyone with anything . 
  the islamists only really started to eclipse the fsa after assad shifted strategy in late 2011 with the use of armor , helicopter gunships , and barrel bombs . 
  the fsa groups did n't have much in terms of aa weapons , while the gulf states had little issue with handing out weapons to islamists . 
  as for why the middle eastern allies are doing it ( given that many of them kill their own islamists ) , they want assad gone and see religious fanatics as the best investment in terms of accomplishing that . 
  a fanatic can be counted on to keep fighting in situations where other people would be inclined to make peace . 
  the united states supports the `` weakest '' group because it 's not trying to overthrow assad at any costs . 
  it wants him gone ( because he 's killed thousands of unarmed demonstrators and an alawite minority government is inherently unstable ) and a syria where the government is decided by elections . 
  if you look at one of the biggest issues with division 30 's members ( a us backed group ) , the us did n't want them fighting the syrian military . 
  trump is ignorant of plenty of things , but he is not stupid ; a stupid man does n't crush over a dozen primary opponents and beat two heavyweight political dynasties ( in the same election year , no less ) to become president of the united states . 
  if europe wants good relations with the united states , it has to work for those relations . 
  the era of being rude and dismissive while still expecting america to foot the bill for european stability is over ; at the very least , europe needs to start saying ` thank you ' . 
  the russians want to enslave europe and keep it in a state of stagnation , so it ca n't threaten russia ( which is usually synonymous with developing faster than russia in the eyes of the kremlin ) . 
  that was basically how things worked in poland , ukraine , and the rest of the eastern bloc . 
  if europe ca n't recognize that america is doing europe a favor , then it 's time for america to look for friends who actually value the united states . 
  if europe was a person in a relationship with america , she would resemble a ` colossal bitch ' type of girlfriend to a lot of americans . 
  she expects america 's money and support , gives practically nothing in return , and feels that america is somehow the one who ought to be grateful . 
  trump knows that a lot of americans agree with him on one thing ; europe needs to do more . 
  let me be clear , spain was not a founding member of nato ( because franco was a fascist , and had few friends in the postwar europe ) and the spanish situation with melilia and ceuta was not taken into account . 
  again , because spain was not a founding member of nato the spanish situation with its african territories was not something that nato 's rules had to deal with . 
  as for whether or not melilla and ceuta are legally colonies , you 're ignoring the important points and focusing on semantics ; at the time of nato 's formation , the nato members with territory in africa were france and britain and they did have colonies in africa . 
  it would be ridiculous for nato to preemptively create rules for a country that was not a part of nato . 
  the eu might do that sort of thing i guess , but nato does n't . 
  it 's not that ceura and melilla are part of spain , it 's that nato 's area of responsibility was defined prior to spain entering the alliance - you can thank franco for that - and a there was a definite emphasis on nato not extending to africa . 
  the united states and a good portion of nato ( particularly germany ) did not want to risk being dragged into a european colonial war via article v , which was a very real possibility given that france was fighting such a war in algeria and the peaceful independence of britain 's colonies in africa were far from certain . 
  any conflict in africa could potentially draw away manpower from the warsaw pact border . 
  as for why there has been no agreement on ceuta and melilla , there has n't been a particular threat to them that would focus on those two areas while not being a threat to the rest of spain . 
  do you really believe that ceuta and melilla are at risk of attack from someone whom spain can not defeat in a war ?
