  yes most of the population is ethnically russian , but with that in mind it 's even more reason to believe that they were n't interested or else it would n't have required a military operation to make them vote for a referendum . 
  if the population is 75 % russian and it takes military force to make the parliament `` vote '' for a referendum , there 's no interest in a referendum . . 
  the truth is a threat to the russian state ... 
  there 's a reason why the russian government 's defense review had `` color revolution '' as the greatest threat to the russian state . 
  if your own people are considered to be on the verge of overthrowing the government , it 's not too surprising that the government is banning any voices other than its own . 
  as far as i can tell , everyone in the region is doing business with daesh either directly or indirectly ; if you have cheap oil , the stuff practically sells itself . 
  * syria sees it as a way to at least make * some * money via reselling it , and they 're in desperate need of hard currency . 
  besides , as far as the syrian government is concerned , a strong islamic state means trouble for the other factions fighting against assad . 
  * given its low price , it 's likely slipping into the kurdish and iraqi supply from middlemen . 
  if you had illegal oil , putting it in the legal supply would be the obvious way to launder it . 
  since it has a cheap price , it allows you to effectively charge less while having increased profit . 
  * unscrupulous businessmen are not unique to any one nation . 
  if you magically managed to arrest everyone involved in trafficking illegal oil or artifacts or human beings for daesh , it would resemble a united nations of organized crime . 
  the soviets were going on the offensive in one of the harshest environments on earth , with a military that had been decimated by purges of its leadership and the secondary effects of the purges . 
  a large number of the soviet forces were also from the southern regions , as opposed to using siberian troops . 
  the finns were on the defensive , on familiar territory , and had proper military leadership . 
  the soviet military that failed to achieve its objectives in the winter war is the same soviet military that lost millions of men and nearly all of western russia to the nazis in a matter of weeks . 
  it comes down to the simple fact that european countries fail to see a problem until it is directly in front of them . 
  virtually every crisis the eu is facing has been an entirely predictable situation that was allowed to turn into a crisis . 
  it makes sense to reallocate eu border control resources to the external borders of the eu , but that was n't done because many eu members failed to see a need for it . 
  it 's no different from disbanding a town 's fire department because there is n't any fires going on at that exact moment . 
  when the choice for the eu 's western members is between giving money to the countries on the eu frontiers or having money for various political projects , it 's not too surprising . 
  the problem is that the eu is simply incapable of preparing for problems ahead of time , even if those problems are predictable ; wars create refugees , and europe has been a favorite destination even in less troubled times . 
  it did n't take a genius to see the syrian crisis coming . 
  unfortunately , the eu is still unable to find a solution or even the will to bring itself to look for a solution . 
  given that turkish businesses have been impacted and being tough on russia is usually free political points ( especially since they started bombing assad 's enemies ) , it is n't too hard to see that happening . 
  if nothing else , it gives erdogan a new weapon to indirectly use against assad . 
   instead of ten different militaries being sent to a mission , you would have one unified body . 
  except for the fact that the one unified body would have ten different sets of public opinion to deal with ; how many spaniards would be willing to send soldiers to defend the falklands ? 
  how many germans would be willing to keep sending troops to a ground war in mali once people start dying ? 
  add in language barriers , different organizational doctrines , and political concerns and the one unified force concept starts to unravel . 
  then of course there 's the biggest threat to a eu army that gets almost no attention - the threat of european countries using it as a way to cut costs rather than enhance military capabilities . 
  that 's already the case with nato , where many members fail to make the 2 % gdp funding mark because the united states is there to pick up the slack . 
  it 's quite plausible to see an eu army where countries cut spending and convince themselves its not an issue since the rest of the eu will surely fund their own forces at the proper level and nobody will notice a small dip ; only for the eu to end up with a situation where it turns out that everyone has been falling short of funding their forces . . 
  people on reddit seem to forget that removing assad is n't a bad thing , especially when it 's taken into the context of russian and iranian strategic interests . 
  * russia 's goals ( as long as those goals are based off its inferiority complex and need to be `` respected '' ) inevitably put it in conflict with europe 's existing security architecture , and anything that sets russia back or puts some caution in putin 's sails is a good thing . 
  * iran is more or less in the same boat as russia when it comes to an inferiority complex ( hence the endless talk about operation ajax , never mind the fact that the islamic republic promptly rebranded savak to savama and had them hunt down pro-democracy activists throughout the 80s ) and if it feels bold enough , its cold war with saudi arabia will turn hot . 
  the last thing europe needs is saudi oil to be cut off in a repeat of the straits of hormuz oil crisis , and anything that keeps the iranians cautious is a good thing . 
  a decade of peace has given a lot of people time to forget that nato is effectively like a square , and turkey is one of the corners ; without a strategically aligned and militarily strong turkey , europe 's security becomes much more precarious . 
  do n't tell that to / r/worldnews , they believe that erdogan will be apologizing to putin any moment now . 
  if russia could n't intimidate poland or any of the baltics ( which all depended on trade with russia a lot more than turkey does ) , they certainly are n't going to intimidate the turks . 
  if the turks do decided to retaliate , they can inflict a lot more damage to russia 's economy than russia can to the turkish economy . 
  the turkish straits control access to the black sea , and the montreux conventions say nothing about civilian trade ; there is nothing stopping turkey from subjecting all russian freighters , fishing ships , and merchant vessels to the world 's most expensive and extensive safety regulations . . 
  since you are ignorant , i will rectify that . 
   [ the taliban movement traces its origin to the pakistani-trained mujahideen in northern pakistan , during the soviet war in afghanistan . 
  when muhammad zia-ul-haq became president of pakistan he feared that the soviets were planning to invade balochistan , pakistan so he sent akhtar abdur rahman to saudi arabia to garner support for the afghan resistance against soviet occupation forces . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taliban#background ) yes saudi arabia is a us ally , they supply cheap oil to europe ( and now china ) and keep its economy humming . 
  the united states get most of its oil from north american sources . 
  the us keeps a fleet in the persian gulf at all times to protect the flow of oil to europe , because america has seen what sort of movements can take power when europe 's economy collapses . 
  the united states is a democracy , it sometimes supports undemocratic countries to protect democracy in the places that it does exist . 
  the alternatives to that are endless war to create democracies , or allowing dictatorships to slowly strangle democracy worldwide . 
  for example , west germany was full of not quite repentant former nazis but the us overlooked that as long as they were n't being nazis in the present because the threat of the soviets outweighed punishing germans for their past crimes . 
  is what america does entirely selfless ? 
  no , it 's based on the fact that democracy is preferable to dictatorship ; starting with democracy at home , and then extending that liberty to other peoples . 
  it only took two dictators to tear europe apart in 1939 , so it 's not too unreasonable for the us to have little hesitation on pulling the trigger when it comes to threats . 
  people on non default subreddits tend to be more knowledgeable about the specific issues , so / r/worldnews is generally poorly informed about everything and it tends to be the target of various spin/propaganda campaigns ( saying something bad about israel is a good way to reliably get -30 karma if your discussion does n't have more than 100 comments from what i 've seen ) . 
  people on / r/worldnews eat up russian propaganda like nobody else . 
  i literally had someone tell me that turkey stood no chance against russia because the winter always wipes out russia 's enemies . 
  that kind of idiocy is not too hard to find out there . 
  personally , i 'm glad the someone in nato decided to take action against putin 's provocative actions . 
  evil prevails only when you appease it . 
  the fact that you believe that the united states supported the taliban tells me just how shallow your knowledge is , the taliban only came into existence after the soviet-afghan war had ended ( as well as us involvement ) . 
  they were effectively an instrument of the pakistani intelligence services . 
  pol pot was a communist , trying to create a classless society was the basis for why he tried to kill anyone who was n't a farmer ; not too different from how the soviets wiped out the intellectuals of various countries they occupied . 
  during the 30s , the united states was isolationist ; you are actually condemning us isolationism when you point out that companies like ibm helped the nazis . 
  the world as we know it today , is a product of american policy . 
  internet , the end of colonialism , and the spread of liberal democracy in europe all have specific origins in american policy . 
  the fact that you 're ignorant of even the most basic information ( look up the origins of the taliban if you do n't believe me ) makes it all too understandable that you have reached faulty conclusions . 
  the `` western world '' exists because someone was willing to stand up against tyranny before it reached their own borders . 
  what do you think happens if you let fascists/communists/islamists / etc conquer countries one at a time without any outside involvement ? 
  eventually , there are n't any democracies left . . 
  the united states came to europe 's aid three times in the 20th century - american reinforcements tipped the scales against the central powers in ww1 , american entry into ww2 changed the tide of the war , and america rebuilt a wartorn europe and stood guard against the soviet union 's totalitarianism . 
  everything we do , we do to protect democracy against tyranny . 
  if you want to experience life unblemished by american influence , move to russia and see how pleasant it is ; if they 're anywhere near as xenophobic as their history would suggest ( for example , nearly all the idealistic foreign communists who moved to the soviet union in the 20s were killed during the purges in the 30s ) , you wo n't last very long . 
  anything that threatens democracy in europe is a red line for the us , be grateful for your good fortune . 
  but it does have one of the world 's largest merchant fleets , mostly because it 's the most attractive flag for smugglers and shipping companies that like regulatory requirements made by a country with no actual interest in safety or maritime regulations . 
  what * they * want , right ... after all , it only took russian special forces seizing the crimean parliament to get the parliament to vote for a referendum . 
  nothing says free will like armed men raking control of the parliament building , sealing it off from the outside , and then holding a vote that miraculously satisfies the interests of the kremlin . 
  when you throw out the rules of civilized behavior ( as the russians did when they took crimea ) , force is only way to decide the matter at hand . 
  the russians are counting on europe to be war shy from a generation that has known little except peace and prosperity , just as hitler and stalin counted on europe to be eager to appease from a generation that feared yet another european war . 
  democracy requires strength and the willingness to defend it with force . 
  no one has yet to kill a tyrant with eloquent debate . . 
  ... and the russian-turkish border is supposed to be open to trade , yet turkish trucks are piling up unable to enter russia . 
  a law is only as strong as its ability to be enforced , and russia is in no position to do anything of the sort if push comes to shove . 
  got to hand it to erdogan , he knows he got a winning hand and is n't afraid to expose russian limitations . 
  he may be a son of a bitch , but he is our son of a bitch . 
  * turkey controls access to the black sea via the bosphorus strait , allowing it to effectively control russia 's naval movements if things do escalate . 
  if turkey does close it , russia effectively has to repsupply latakia from the north sea fleet or the pacific fleet , and both of those routes involve passing through straits ( putting the ships at risk for blockade/interception ) . 
  * russia 's surface fleet has steadily eroded since the collapse of the soviet union . 
  russia just does n't have enough vessels to put together a full battle group , nor does it have a coherent battle doctrine ; the russian navy uses soviet doctrine , which is almost entirely based around the assumption of a nuclear exchange . 
  it 's why you frequently see russia deploying one or two ships , rather a fleet ; the russian navy does n't really operate cohesively . 
  * given that syria is next to turkey , and russia is n't ; turkey has an easier time projecting power into syria . 
  that is already evident given the flow of arms to forces fighting against assad . 
  if turkey does send its forces into syria in large numbers ( which it likely will , eventually ) , there 's not a lot russia or syria can do about it - the turks are simply too well positioned and russia lacks force projection to overcome the turkish advantage . 
  * turkey is not only a nato member , but a valuable us ally . 
  even without nato , turkey 's strategic position makes it important in us strategy especially when israeli security is taken into account . 
  because of those things , you can almost expect us support for turkey against non-nato members regardless of the circumstances . 
  as syria is for russia , turkey is for the united states . 
  it 's refreshing to see a nato member that is n't a nation of spineless cowards bent on inviting wwiii through appeasement and failing to fund their own defense . 
  as corrupt and power hungry as erdogan may be , his goals do n't include destroying the existing european security architecture .
