  not really , rather you would have mini-mafia and other warlord states popping up in the chaos . 
  that kind of outcome would have been very dangerous in that would enabled all sorts of nationalist political movements in russia - the nationalists in russia are a double edged sword for the kremlin - a ukrainian playground to acquire weapons and organize away from fsb surveillance . 
  the last thing the kremlin wants is some sort of kievan rus reborn movement getting weapons and threatening the kremlin 's hold on power . 
  that sort of situation was already happening in donetsk and luhansk , with the various auxiliary groups made up of russian citizens with ties to various russian political parties ; it was one of the reasons why the russian military spent much of 2015 gradually bring the various `` cossack '' units and other non-russian military groups ( but largely made up of russian citizens ) under control . 
  all the kids keep leaving for work opportunities in other countries . 
  most of continental europe was occupied , there really was n't anywhere else for germany to use most of its infantry divisions . 
  north africa was largely a mechanized conflict , and tens of thousands of slow infantry would have been a hinderence . 
  it was only on the expanse of the eastern front that massive amounts of infantry fighting each other in a slow conflict made sense militarily . 
  each theatre of the war looked very different . 
  you can always find a few collaborators if you 've got an impressive enough military and rewards to give to those collaborators . 
  look at ukraine 's donetsk region , where a mine electrician became the russian sanctioned prime minister of the rump state . 
  the ethnic russians may not be eager to start a war , but all russia would need is some willing collaborators to put a local face on their invasion . 
  an israel that has a haredi majority , is an israel that will be a cakewalk for hamas/hezbollah/etc to conquer . 
  we 're talking about a population that does n't work , serve in the army , and often refuses to interact with women . 
  they produce jewish people who vote reliably , but do n't do much else despite the extreme efforts to accommodate them in the military and the workplace . 
  the vast majority of haredi men study the torah and live off government assistance , and the vast majority of haredi women raise children . 
  the israel with a high-tech economy and a formidable citizen army , that israel is n't sustainable if the majority of its citizens are haredim . 
  is your data using the pre-war poverty estimate for syria ? 
  it 's worth considering that roughly 20 % of syrians are effectively homeless , and more than half are living outside the control of the syrian government . 
  to say that the povery rate is about 12 % is unrealistic ; a civil war by its very nature results in incredible amounts of poverty as productivity and possessions are destroyed . 
  i would say that poverty plays a big role in crime , and refugees are often poor ; these people did n't arrive in europe by plane after all . 
  because they 'd either have to be rich/possess needed skills , or agree to become indentured servants and muslims know very well just how nightmarish being a qausi-slave in saudi arabia is . . 
  most of the world does n't even pretend to obey un conventions when dealing with poor people who do n't have their rights protected by a state . . 
  why ? 
  because there is usually an american or european weapon in the hands of their primary target . 
  take bin laden for example , his primary ideological foes were israel ( for oppressing muslims ) and saudi arabia ( for its abandonment of islamic values ) . 
  his stated reason for attacking the united states was that he believed it would result in the united states removing its bases from saudi arabia - he wanted america to leave the saudi monarchy defenseless . 
  these are people who go back to their own country and are filled with anger at the corruption . 
  emigrating is n't something they generally aspire to , there is a sense of ownership towards their country ; it 's why they got a degree in the first place , to build up their homeland . 
  these people see a problem in their homeland , and they intend to solve that problem with revolution . 
  some are , some are n't . 
  terrorism appeals to different people for different reasons . 
  the archetype for the * terrorist with a phd * , is someone who was sent to europe or the united states to gain know advanced knowledge they would use to develop their own country ; except upon their return , the jobs and opportunities they expected were not there . 
  that was the case in the 70s and 80s , as a lot of talented people returned to societies where those in power reserved the best opportunities for their family/friends/clan / etc regardless of merit . 
  egypt is probably the best example of this , as the optimism of pan-arabism gave way to entrenched oligarchy and autocracy after nasser died . 
  for them , jihad is a way to overthrow the societies that refused to recognize their talents . 
  the terrorists who carried out 9/11 fell into this category . 
  on the other side of things , you have * thug-jihad * which are those living in stunted adulthood who often have criminal records and are quite often delinquents . 
  they are bored and terrorism appeals to their anger and desire for material things ; especially things that appeal to young men , like concubines . 
  to them , jihad is basically an adventure . 
  the terrorists who committed the attacks in france definitely qualified as this group . 
  the common denominator between both groups is a strong alienation and disappointment with their host societies . 
  jihad offers both groups a cause that appeals to their motivations . 
  of course , under the old rules there 's a huge incentive for asylum seekers to claim to be minors and virtually no advantage to being honest with their age since they did n't get tested ; it 's no different than creating a situation in which there is literally no objective advantage to be honest . 
  i do n't blame the asylum seekers - if the police refused to arrest anyone no matter what they did , i 'd probably do my share of looting - given that they 'd have to be idiots not to take advantage of the situation . 
  in my view , the blame lies squarely on idiotic authorities who have basically let their countries be swindled . 
  a simple test would be all it takes to verify age , but these people are delusional to the point where they refuse to believe that desperate people may tell lies . 
  people who risk their lives on a dangerous journey to get to europe probably do n't have a problem with lying about their age to remain in europe . 
  this whole situation was avoidable , if people in charge just used a little bit of common sense . 
  * people will lie to get benefits if there 's no chance of getting caught * , it 's not a new concept ... 
  i do n't see what is so hard for turks to admit about this ; they have a long history of killing their various subject peoples ( non-turks ) when they 're feeling insecure . 
  the greeks , serbs , bulgarians , etc can all provide plenty of evidence on this subject . 
  is it so hard for turks to understand that for a good portion of their history in europe , they 've been enslaving and oppressing europeans ? 
  the armenian genocide was merely the continuation of such behavior ; whenever turks felt threatened , they committed pogroms against non-turks within the ottoman empire . 
  it 's not like stating the well-known facts is suddenly going to hurtle the turkish state into the sun . 
  nobody believes that turkey is some sort of utopia that has never done anything bad ( except perhaps extreme nationalists ) , and simply admitting the facts of the armenian genocide is n't going to suddenly destroy turkey . 
  what do turks really believe would happen if turkey admitted to carrying out a genocide : * monetary claims for restitution ? 
  think again , because genocide occurred over a century ago and it 'd be difficult to prove culpability as to whether it was the turkish military , rogue government officers , or opportunistic militias . 
  if the turkish government 's prosecution of the genocide 's architects is anything to go by , those claiming restitution would have to seek it from the individuals who carried it out rather than the turkish state . 
  * infringement of turkish sovereignty ? 
  turkey is a key member of nato , and has a strong military . 
  admitting that the ottoman empire carried out a genocide will have no effect on the modern turkish state . 
  nobody is going to take turkish territory away just because turkey admits that the ottomans carried out a genocide . 
  * people will believe that turkey carried out a genocide ? 
  most people who live outside turkey already believe this , and find the turkish insistence that it was n't a genocide ( despite the fact that the word 's creator originally used the ottoman destruction of the armenian population as an example ) ridiculous . 
  for many people the issue is n't so much that the ottomans carried out a genocide , but that modern turkey so voraciously tries to deny it was a genocide when the evidence is overwhelming . 
  if turkey admits that the armenian genocide occurred , improved relations with armenia are quite likely . 
  if they 're not , so what ? 
  there 's more important things to worry about than trying to defend the honor of people who lived a century ago , especially when evidence proves otherwise . 
  a very small number ; when trump talks about nato freeloaders , he is talking about countries on the european continent that ought to be able to properly fund their armed forces ; countries like spain , germany , france , italy , the netherlands and norway come to mind . 
  there 's a very small number of countries who are strategically valuable enough that they can spend nothing and still play a major role in nato . 
  those are not poor countries , and their forces used to be a key part of nato 's strength in europe . 
  i heard about the academy of sciences basically being dismantled after it refused to let itself become a decorative bauble for kovalchuk , but i had no idea that things had gotten so bad ; the idea that lysenko could be receiving praise is mind boggling . 
  given that armenia is facing an even more heavily armed azerbaijan that seems to equate patriotism with killing armenians , it 's understandable that they are arming themselves ; if the turks do n't believe that their ottoman predecessors carried out a genocide , one look at their azeri kin is all it takes to see just how quickly turkish culture turns to genocide when non-turks oppose them . 
  the russian empire was on track to surpass the german empire in output prior to ww1 as it was only beginning to industrialize ; russia was growing faster than any other continental power in europe . 
  russia had more than twice as many people as germany , nearly four times as much land , access to both the atlantic and pacific oceans , control of two of highly productive breadbaskets , oil reserves in central asia , plentiful gold deposits in siberia , and land access to east asia , europe , and the middle east . 
  you do n't have to dream , even a reasonably competently run russian empire would have become one of the world 's leading powers . 
  the soviets managed to create a famine in one of the world 's most productive breadbaskets , failed to overrun finland ( despite the finns being severely outnumbered in manpower and artillery and possessing no tanks while the soviets had hundreds ) , and made deals with hitler despite it being obvious that hitler intended to attack the soviet union ( his political path had followed mein kampf almost to the letter at that point , so there was no reason to think he was suddenly going to stop now ) ; think about that for a moment . . tl ; dr - the soviets were brutal and moronic . . 
  the goal of this is n't to prosecute russia - let us be honest , even if russia still was part of the icc they 'd simply refuse to cooperate with the court - but rather to catalogue russian crimes against ukraine for the record and let history see the truth . 
  if russian war criminals wo n't face justice , at the very least russians wo n't be able to deny that they do n't protect war criminals . 
  because it has serious doubts about whether an eu force could or would protect british interests ; if the british military was integrated into the eu , is n't it possible to see a situation where british territory abroad is n't defended because the rest of the eu does n't want to fight ? 
  look at the falklands for example , if it had been up to the eu - they probably would n't have sent a military force to liberate the british territory . 
  instead , they would have tried to negotiate in vain for a few years before saying `` it 's been so long , might as well recognize the argentine conquest '' and giving up . 
  the places where the uk is willing to fight are n't the same places the eu is willing to fight , simple as that . 
  she became a senator largely because she was married to bill clinton , and from there she gradually built up her influence via the clinton foundation . 
  bill clinton gave the clinton foundation legitimacy , making it look like the typical post presidential legacy vehicle , and not a vehicle for hillary clinton 's presidential ambitions . 
  bill clinton has basically been hillary clinton 's swiss army knife for her political ambitions ; he can fundraise , provide political cover , and rally people effectively . 
  a former president should not be underestimated . 
  the thing is , americans do n't really care if it 's an eu army or national army ; as long as there is an actual force composed of modern military vehicles and well trained soldiers and it can be used within nato 's command structure in the event of article v . as long as any eu army can be brought to bear in the event of a nato article v situation , the united states does n't have any objections to it . 
  the united states wants a strong nato , end of story . 
  if several nato members pool their resources to build an eu army , that is fine as long as that army can be used to fulfill the nato mission of collective defense of all nato members . 
  same reason that the left in britain tolerate islamic political movements that want to establish an authoritarian state and restrict personal freedoms . 
  the left in britain is basically a coalition of the extremely naive but well intentioned people and those who support a totalitarianism of their own beliefs . 
  chairman corbyn leads a coalition of hamas sympathizers , putin apologists , and pensioners worried about the nhs . 
  what is happening in britain is basically what happens when a country allows people who want to destroy the country to gain a foothold . 
  we 're still the superpower , at least until president trump 's twitter feuds cause a nuclear weapons exchange . 
  after that , the superpower is the country that can still grow bread . . 
  gibraltar ; a place where territorial disputes and previous violations have meant that the royal navy is extremely keen to not allow further violations of british sovereignty . 
  sounds like a great place to ignore hails from a british vessel . 
  i do n't understand why the research vessel would ignore hails or fail to coordinate their activities with british authorities ahead of time , all the spanish territorial claims in the world do n't change the fact that gibraltar is patrolled by armed vessels of the royal navy .
