  by helping pass nazi legislation and ordering the kpd to not collaborate with the spd under any circumstances , stalin helped the nazis take power . 
  i see this `` russia gets no recognition '' in every thread about ww2 , and i do n't really get it . 
  in every textbook i ever read , that statistics clearly stated that approximately 20 million soviets died in the war . 
  we know that millions upon millions of russians died in the war . 
  if you 're asking why we do n't recognize them as heroes per se , that would be because the soviets were n't fighting for democracy and because the soviet union was an enthusiastic supporter of the nazis from before hitler had even gained power right up until the soviet union was invaded by hitler . 
  most people know that millions of russians died and most people know that they did n't die fighting for freedom . 
  can i ask what kind of recognition you believe that the soviet dead been denied ? 
  got to hand it to the finns ; they not only managed to launch an artillery attack on the soviet union despite having moved all their artillery away from the border , but they were nice enough to follow the 1938 and 1939 soviet union 's war games in the region almost exactly to the letter . 
  after all , when i invade my enemy ; the best way to do it is to follow the same plan he had for his war game rehearsals a few months ago . 
  because those diplomats are the best chance russia has of improving relations with the united states ; it 's not like that is important though , since it 's not like russia needs friends when it has so many already . 
  i 'm referring to the qajar dynasty ; were you under the impression that the shah overthrew mossadegh ? 
  mossadegh was appointed by the shah to form a government under the shah 's state ( kind of like how the uk works , but with a monarch who is more involved in politics ) . 
  i do n't think that you appreciate just how bad things in the middle east can get when you leave the region to its own devices . 
  the united states stepped back from the middle east for a few years when it withdrew from iraq , and literally within a day of ths withdrawal the shia prime minister of iraq had driven the sunni vice president into exile by trying to prosecute him for murder ( based primarily on confessions extracted from his bodyguards ) . 
  what followed this was several years of the shia dominated government going after sunni political parties and individuals on an extremely one sided basis ( shia militias that had purged sunni areas were n't prosecuted , whereas their sunni counterparts were ) with the goal being the political marginalization of the sunnis and kurds . 
  the iranians were directly encouraging this sectarianism , referring to sunnis as al-qaeda supporters and talking about the need for `` justice '' . 
  iran is a major supporter of bashir al-assad , a man who is basically the shia version of saddam hussain almost to the letter ; has a minority rule country ( a shia minority ruling over a sunni majority ) , uses chemical weapons against his foes , and kills dissidents by the thousands ( as in people who are n't engaged in armed resistance , but have spoken out against his government ) . 
  yes , the saudis are n't progressive by any stretch of the imagination . 
  the thing is , they 're reliable suppliers of oil and their priorities are relatively clear ; keep the monarchy wealthy . 
  that is preferable to a highly militant government whose policies are as erratic as whatever `` god 's messages '' happen to be at a given time . 
  the us withdrew from the middle east and in a few short years , the iraqi state had become so internally divided that it was unable to stop isis from taking vast amounts of territory ; it was only the timely intervention of us special forces that prevented a nearly complete extermination of the yazidis on mount sinjar . 
  the lesson here should be very clear ; when the united states left the middle east alone , it rapidly degenerated to something akin to warhammer 40k with religious fanatics fighting other fanatics and genocide , mass rape , prisoner killing , and mutilation of corpses being quite common . 
  the current mess in the middle east is an example of what happens when america steps back from the region for even a couple of years . 
  compare the situation in 2007 to 2017 , and ask yourself which one had less violence ; there was no war in yemen , egypt was peaceful , libya was actually having tourists , syria 's biggest problem was finding jobs for young men , and the violence in iraq was winding down as the sunni awakening was helping quash aqi . 
  just as america 's presence helped bring stability to europe after ww2 , america 's presence in the middle east also brought stability . 
  we have n't had good relations with the iranian government since 1979 islamic revolution , which overthrew the shah and brought about a theocratic form of government in iran . 
  we have n't had good relations with a large portion of the iranian nationalists since we helped the shah take power . 
  now at the time , this was n't terribly controversial - one absolute ruler is overthrown by someone who aspires to be an absolute ruler with the help of foreign backers - but nothing makes for a better scapegoat for a country 's problems than foreign influence , and over time the role of the uk and us in iranian nationalist mythology grew and grew . 
  these days , iran is enemies with all of our allies , it is allied to most of our enemies , and it 's core political philosophy of islamic revolution creates instability through sectarianism and it encourages religious extremism by its very nature . 
  iran is responsible for islamic terrorism , because its successful overthrow of the shah demonstrated that islam as revolution was a viable political vehicle ; hence islam replaced the secular pan-arab movements in the 80s , and modern islamic terrorism was born . 
  there really is n't a reason to be friends with iran , not while they remain the same nation that is inherently destabilizing the middle east . 
  i 'm talking about ukraine having kuchma ( and yanukovich ) for ~ 10 years , until the orange revolution deposed him , followed by a chaotic shuffle of personalities in high office until yankovich managed to get firmly in power and start locking up his opponents . 
  sure they were n't fully established dictatorships-in-all-but-name yet , but no ukrainian president was really doing anything for civil liberties or trying to liberalize ukrainian society ; it 's why ukraine only recently started trying to discuss darker parts of its history ( such as the various campaigns of ethnic cleansing ) at the official level with its neighbors like poland . 
  when the president is having his political foes arrested , basic freedoms are either ignored or curtailed , and political power is built on fundamentalist myths ( like the president saved our nation years ago , so we must elect him forever ) or identity politics - you have the trappings of authoritarianism . 
  ukraine had a powerful army too once , but years of authoritarian rule that was rife with corruption and a leadership that was more interested in internal security than external security gradually eroded its ability to protect itself . 
  it 's a good that that erdogan is n't determined to hold power indefinitely , corrupt , or doing things like purging the turkish military stalin style ... 
  i 'm sorry , but that simply is n't true ; [ isis has people who have come to europe as refugees ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/isis-german-police-arrest-three-syrian-refugee-men-sent-to-europe-by-isis-to-carry-out-terror-a7239906.html%3famp ) , [ people claiming asylum have carried out suicide bombings in the name of isis ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_ansbach_bombing ) , including [ people who claimed asylum and arrived by boat and carried out terrorist attacks dedicated to isis ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_berlin_attack ) . 
  politicians are human , they 're just as capable of being ignorant of the facts as anyone else . 
  the facts are quite clear ; isis has sent people to europe to carry out terrorist attacks and it has no issue with using the tide of refugees as a convenient way to avoid detection , there are people entered europe by claiming refugee status who have sympathies with isis and are willing to carry out terrorist attacks , and these incidents are not isolated cases ; there are hundreds of people who have been killed in europe since the start of the refugee wave began by terrorists . 
  if you want the benefits and way of life you yourself have enjoyed to be preserved for others , are you willing to fight for it ? 
  everyone dies , some of old age and disease , some of accidents , and some of violence . 
  there are plenty of worse ways to live and die than defending a decent way of life . 
  there are always going to be predators in the world , people/groups/nations who believe that they can use force and violence to get ahead in life . 
  if nobody stands up to predators , people still die but the world is worse off for it . 
  if you run away from those predators , it 's only a matter of time until there are longer any places to run to . 
  if you enjoy freedom , life , and the level of comfort that we 've achieved then you have a duty to stand up and protect that way of life for the next generation . 
  it 's selfish to believe that freedom comes without any obligations to provide to others what you yourself enjoy . 
  the vast majority of people are suitable for military service , even most men of smaller stature are certainly capable of serving . 
  unless we 're talking genuine dwarfs or other people who are dramatically smaller than the average human being , most people are capable of being adequate soldiers . 
  death is a part of life , and it 's completely understandable to be afraid but a citizen has a duty to his country just as a country has a duty to its citizens . 
  there are always some people who evade all sorts of obligations , that does n't mean that those obligations are wrong or should n't exist . 
  would you advocate eliminating all taxation due to the existence of tax evasion ? 
  yes , i think a draft is an important part of one 's civic duty to their country . 
  you do n't have to worry about bands of vandals raiding your community , you have access to moder . 
  medical care rather than trying your luck with a shaman , there is a public school system rather than trying to find a private tutor who , and you have paved roads , indoor plumbing , and electric power that is transmitted from a generation station far away ( rather than having to set up a power plant inside your home ) . 
  you have a quality level of safety , shelter , and food that far outstrip previous generations because you have a government that has worked to improve your life . 
  do you really believe that you do n't owe your government anything in a time of crisis ? 
  as long as there is n't a system that is incorruptible to signal jamming/hacking/etc , there is going to be a need for manned flight unless the drone is capable of making decisions to kill autonomously ( which is unlikely , especially when the possibility for hacking is factored in ) . 
  if you have a multi-million/billion dollar unmanned system that ca n't make decisions to kill on its own ; it 'll be vulnerable to anything faster that can disrupt its connection with the control station ; if the aircraft is located , a mig 25 equipped with a powerful electronic warfare pod and gun pod could conceivably suffice . 
  she lost for one key reason : she was like a chameleon sitting atop a public opinion survey , her views on gay marriage show that very clearly ( it was n't just gay marriage , but that is one of the best examples ) as she went from doma to civil unions to gay marriage [ while refusing to say if she ever compromised - as in , did you always want full gay rights but knew that it was n't achievable at the time - on legislation ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/compost/wp/2014/06/12/hillary-clintons-strangely-awkward-terry-gross-interview-on-gay-marriage/ ) . 
  nobody trusted her promises , particularly when it seemed like she was extremely eager to become the republican candidate ( having a billionaire republican like bloomberg at the dnc did n't do much to convince people she genuinely wanted universal healthcare , given that he was a long time opponent of efforts to achieve universal healthcare ) . 
  if you wanted to know hillary clinton 's positions , look at the most recent opinion polls on the issues . 
  the final nail in the coffin was her inability to address people 's core issues , particularly economic insecurity in places that rely on manufacturing and extractive industries ( logging , mining , etc ) . 
  between global warming and globalization , there are a lot of americans who are worried about having a job and clinton was n't offering them any answers . 
  trump may have been giving them terrible answers like global warming is a hoax and banning chinese products , but in the absence of any alternative he won them over . 
  between two terribly unpopular candidates , is it any surprise that the one offering bad solutions won against the one who simply said nothing ? 
  the core of the problem is that the refugees/migrants/etc are essentially free toover around and look for work , or go from country to country living off the state welfare system , or get bored and pledge their loyalty to isis . 
  if they were instead placed in lower security prison type environments - where they are safe , fed , and have medical attention , but are kept secure within - there would n't be any issue . 
  it would discourage all but the truly endangered from traveling to europe , it would eliminate the threat of terrorist infiltration , and it would be an economical way to hold a lot of people while complying with treaty obligations . 
  keep them locked up until their home country is safe again , they have a new country that will accept them , or they take classes ( language/education/job training/etc ) inside the facility that would make them suitable to become productive and well integrated citizens of their host country . 
  criticism of china wanting an end to protectionist trade abroad while favoring chinese firms domestically hinges on four main issues : * china usually requires foreign firms selling to the chinese market to have a chinese `` partner '' . 
  this is intended to allow a chinese firm to gradually absorb the knowledge of their foreign partner , and eventually replace them . 
  chinese policy effectively requires foreign firms to participate in building a chinese replacement for them , to have market access . 
  * china requires foreign firms to provide extensive information on their products/source code/etc , which often finds its way to a chinese competitor ( which gets subsidies from the government ) who is able to undercut them due to state assistance . 
  in the case of solar panels , chinese firms were essentially being paid 50 % of costs by the government for every solar panel they sold ; allowing them to dramatically undercut the competition by not actually being required to turn a profit on sales or pay for research . 
  * china requires government control of most companies , and foreign firms partnered with chinese firms are usually in some sort of arrangement that gives the chinese government majority stockholder status . 
  this is effectively a way to exercise communist style political control over a company in a way that is compatible with wto policy , and it allows the chinese government to have internal and external methods of control . 
  * the aforementioned policies create a scenario where foreign firms have to consistently bring in new products to china or face elimination by a state sponsored chinese firm that did n't pay for research and is assisted at every opportunity by the power of the state . 
  this is not only an implicit policy , but an active one as well . 
  in high tech fields , china is using the threat of access to domestic market to try to sway international firms to locate their facilities inside china . 
  the policies that china practices inside china are far more extreme than the levels of protectionism that it considers unacceptable abroad . 
  to call it anything other than hypocrisy would be a lie . 
  qatar does n't really annoy the us ; america does n't have a single middle eastern ally that does n't have a secondary agenda that runs counter to us interests . 
  as far as allies in that part of the world that act against us interests , qatar does n't even make the top 5 . 
  it 's not like there is n't kuwait , bahrain , dubai , abu dhabi or dammam that ca n't replace qatar if need be . 
  a replacement for the base in qatar can be found if necessary , qatar invested a significant amount of money into building the base and it 's an excellent base but it is by no means indispensable . 
  there are a lot more rickety boats heading to europe than one ship can possibly intercept , and carrying people to someplace they are unwilling to go is a risky business ; there is very strong possibility of them trying to seize the ship if they realize that they are not being taken to europe . 
  these people are desperate , and if you put 100 + of them on a ship crewed by ~ 15 people ; an attempt to take the ship by force is n't out of the question , and that can happen each and every time they try to intercept/rescue a boat . 
  the right can be just as naive as the left ; it 's a bad idea to effectively facilitate illegal immigration to europe , but it 's also a bad idea to put yourself directly in the path of the immigrants and expect them not to run you over . 
  the us has a naval base in qatar and is crucial to qatar 's security . 
  if the united states wanted qatar to do something it would n't be using the saudis as an instrument of policy . 
  all we have to do is threaten to leave ; between saudi arabia 's paranoia and iran 's ambitions for conquest , the qataris know that without the united states around the region becomes far more volatile . 
  this situation is n't a result of the us wanting qatar brought to heel . 
  as for the current situation ; qatar is basically the anti-switzerland , they see being friendly with everyone as the best way to have influence in the region and remain safe while still maintaining an extremely tightly controlled society inside qatar . 
  there is no qatari internal equivalent of al-jazeera broadcasting news for example . 
  with trump having a weaker grasp on power than his predecessors , the saudis are n't so confident in us leadership and security guarantees , and as a result saudi arabia is trying to eliminate potential iranian allies as a way to hedge their bets . 
  qatar has always made the saudis uneasy , but american assurances previously kept the saudis from acting on those fears . 
  if you depended on the us to protect your country , would you rather have trump in charge of that or anyone previous president ? 
  i do n't know about you , but trump seems to be trying hard to prove himself the least qualified president in living memory . 
  we 're already involved , it 's called sanctions .
