  they do n't have enough troops to occupy the whole country , and even if they did it would drain the russian economy until they had to withdraw or face collapse ( with the chance that they will withdraw too late to save themselves being very possible ) . 
  the farther west you go in ukraine , the more hostile to russia the countryside becomes . 
   i 'm going to seriously doubt it will work that way . 
  one of the lessons we are continually learning in the middle east now is that more intervention does not yield the results we want . 
  it 's not a problem `` going in with overwhelming force , killing people we do n't like , and everything is good after that '' . 
  after all , the west was massively wrong on what the libya intervention was going to accomplish in the first place . 
  there 's no reason to think that they would be right again . 
  libya was going fine , until we decided to ` lose the peace ' by not shoring up the pro-democratic government in the post gaddafi libya . 
  you make unsavory deals to win a war , and then you neutralize the remnants of those unsavory elements later on - preferably politically , but militarily if need be - that was the key lesson in afghanistan and its a lesson that too many people seem to forget , war does n't end when the shooting stops . 
  imagine post-ww2 europe if the united states had said `` alright guys , goodbye and good luck '' . 
  the communist movements in western europe ( who still retained arms at this point ) would have made further gains instead of being disarmed and politically neutralized . 
  that is very similar to what is happening in libya right now - it 's not enough to win battles , you have to win the peace . 
   the libya situation is going to have to solve itself first . 
  then whoever is in power gets negotiated with if possible . 
  do you want to negotiate with another gaddafi-like figure ? 
  because that is exactly how you end up trying to `` negotiate '' with a madman whose sadism is matched only by his unpredictability . 
  by leaving libya to its own devices , we set the stage for yet another lockerbie , yet another bombing of establishments frequented by us servicemen , and eventually another distasteful episode of our elected officials embracing a man with the blood of innocents and freedom loving people on his hands . 
  the worst thing about this is that europe is n't trying to work together with italy to solve this - instead we 're seeing things like italy 's neighbors sealing the borders ( in violation of eu agreements no less ) . 
  the `` not my border , not my problem '' mentality is toxic . 
  a more permanent solution would be to aid the libyan government militarily in restoring order and make an agreement with libya to protect it ( akin to nato ) in exchange for serving as a destination for deportees from europe . 
  if they come to europe from libya , they 're getting sent to libya . 
  if they come from a country that commits human rights abuses , they 're getting sent to libya . 
  if they refuse to say where they are from , they 're getting sent to libya . 
  a blockade of libya is n't as effective as having a stable libyan government to work with . 
  intervention in overwhelming force , killing the islamist rivals of the government , and then exiting and letting the libyan government take over would solve a lot of problems . 
  a blockade only slows the flow , it does n't reduce the existing population . 
  it 's very easy to hide a launcher , even ones that are outright military vehicles - you build 1,000 garages with radiation/fallout protection ( which is easy enough ) and that 's 1,000 sites to rotate a missile carrier through . 
  spread them out and it 's practically impossible for the enemy to locate every garage , to say nothing of launchers deployed in forests/jungles/swamps on standby . 
  the soviet ss-20 saber is the penultimate example of a mobile intermediate missile . 
  it was incredibly destabilizing , given that it could be deployed anywhere and could attack nato forces with practicality no warning given its short flight time . 
  road mobile missiles effectively force each side to target population centers rather than weapon sites , because they 're so difficult to destroy compared to fixed installations . 
  instead of trying to disarm each other and attain victory by being the last side with weapons , the conflict becomes a matter of both sides killing hundreds of millions of people since it 's become impossible to disarm the foe . 
  spy satellites do n't have perfect coverage , and even when you do have 24/7 coverage the human element of analysis is still there - people miss things and misinterpret things all the time . 
  things take time to analyze , people can be fooled , and highly mobile weapons can usually be deployed faster than the time it takes to identify and attack them . 
  at any rate , satellites ca n't see through solid objects . 
  i 'm glad someone sees that , a year ago i was arguing in vain with people who genuinely believed that the european union would send division after division to finland 's aid despite having no obligation to do so . 
  love of finland and it 's people is n't a substitute for an actual military alliance , they did n't seem to understand that . 
  sweden is a us ally , during the cold war it had an agreement with the united states that the united states would assist sweden militarily against soviet aggression and in exchange sweden would assist with the positioning of us submarines off its coast and to develop capabilities useful to the overall nato strategy . 
  it was something of a shadow nato member , officially neutral but entirely on the side of nato in the event of war . 
  finland on the other hand does n't have any us guarantees , making it one of the most attractive targets should russia look for a way to peel the european union apart . 
  it 's a nation of 5 million people , and relies primarily on its reserves as its deterrent . 
  the issue with that being that reservists become ineffective in the face of fast moving opposition forces and targeting the command and control lines - in modern warfare , its rather common that reservist units are literally overrun before they can form and mobilize . 
  fortunately , nato has been actively working with finland and sweden for much of the past two decades and as the nato secretary general put it , `` they can join within a week '' . 
  whether that 's still on the table should russian aggression occur before finland or sweden joins is a good question given the french , german and spanish reluctance to fight . 
  he would n't have been so rough with ukraine if it had just laid back and tried to make the best of it . 
  it 's ukraine 's fault for fighting back of course . 
  the indians , pakistanis , and chinese all have road mobile launchers - one of the driving forces behind russian violations of the intermediate nuclear ranged forces treaty has been a chinese intermediate range missile buildup - capable of firing nuclear missiles . 
  any sort of preemptive strike is n't feasible at this point in time for any of these countries , the united states has spent decades looking at missile defense and currently has a system capable of stopping a very limited attack - somewhere on the order of 10 missiles - which is useful against nuclear blackmail from states like north korea . 
  there 's also the issue of doctrine . 
  the chinese have a no first use policy , and the pakistanis and indians have a similarly no first strike policy . 
  neither side envisions nuclear weapons as a key part in its offensive goals ; the chinese prefer conventional forces and artillery along the indian border , the pakistanis use special forces and other light infantry units along their border with india . 
  in both cases , helicopters and rapid reaction units have a bigger role than nuclear weapons in the military strategy . 
  both sides have nuclear weapons , making anything past a limited engagement effectively unwinnable for either side . 
  in limited engagements , neither side can use their full potential , making the outcome much harder to predict . 
  it does n't matter if the chinese military outnumbers the indians if the conflict is effectively over before those numbers can be brought to bear or vice-versa . 
  being able to project as much force as possible within a short period is key to winning small wars , which is why the united states generally outmaneuvered the soviet union - the soviets were geared for a final war of armageddon , but the american military was better at fighting the small wars ( especially the navy and marine corps ) ; that meant that america was able to shape the geopolitical landscape while the soviets were waiting for a war that never came . 
  in terms of force projection , the indians have the advantage but it 's an advantage that is limited - if the chinese deploy substantial forces ahead of time , they 'll simply outweigh any speedy indian operational edge . 
  gmd is actually capable of intercepting a limited number of nuclear weapons in flight , combined with the thaad radar network in japan , south korea , and hawaii it 's capable of locating a missile 's launch almost immediately and calculating and intercept . 
  gmd is useful against a limited strike from a country like north korea , but it 's a step further towards an even more capable system . 
  be realistic , the united states is literally older than just about every other government around . 
  we 're still more or less the same country that we were 200 years ago . 
  if you hate america so much , stop speaking english or using the internet . 
  you can only avoid nuclear warfare by having a nuclear deterrent , or having the ability to intercept nuclear missiles . 
  saying that america should let russia continue its westward moving rape only invites future conflicts of a greater scale - they started with georgia , now they 're working on ukraine and if they get what they want in ukraine then it 's not likely that russia will suddenly say `` gee , i better stop while my winning streak is still hot '' . 
  europe has had 70 years of relative peace and prosperity because its had american soldiers and military might ready to go to the mat for democracy . 
  we did n't abandon your continent to the fascists , we did n't abandon you to the communists , and we have n't abandoned you yet . 
  we have a pretty good track record on the subject of peace in europe . 
  you do n't seem to realize that strictly speaking , we did n't have to fight the soviets or the nazis . 
  we have a whole ocean between our continents , but we chose to stand with you fully aware that it meant our continent would n't be spared in the event of nuclear war - russian missiles can reach the united states , and there would certainly be a nuclear attack on the united states in the event of war . 
  your continent would be worse off without the united states , seeing as russia is currently led by someone who is on the record as seeing nothing wrong with the molotov-ribontrop pact . 
  if germany 's current leader was a former member of the ss who glorified the third reich , do you think that the blame for any conflicts arising over poland 's existence would be also due to american support for poland ? 
  because that is the equivalent of what is going on in ukraine . 
  in california , hispanics are the largest ethnic group in the state . 
  nobody said that the attackers were pursued due to race , not maldef , not the hispanic chamber of commerce , not a single chicano advocacy group had anything to say on behalf of the attackers . 
   `` i would like to see the statistics for other countries , the uk or united states , how much racism is in the stadiums there . 
  i do n't think it 's less , '' igor ananskikh , the chairman of the russian parliament 's sports committee , said when asked by the guardian about the sova-fare report . 
  ca n't speak for the uk , but have never seen anyone waving a swastika flag at any major us sporting event , let alone on a regular basis . 
  [ heck , when someone was assaulted by home team fans , the mayor and the police of the host city stopped at nothing to have the attacker arrested . 
  ] ( http://m.nydailynews.com/sports/baseball/prison-cowards-beat-giants-fan-death-article-1.1621252 ), 
  unfortunately , it 's probably going to involve another even more blatant act of aggression even closer to europe before the failure of appeasement is clear . 
  putin said he saw nothing wrong with the molotov-ribontrop pact . 
  something that is overlooked by the * peace at any price * crowd . 
  that is handled by the hospital 's administrative staff , not doctors . 
  the only doctors who have to worry about costs and whatnot are those running a private practice , and they usually hire someone to handle billing . 
  deserving has nothing to do with it , the bottom line is that the turkish government had leverage and used it to get a good deal . 
  we do n't live in a world where those who are deserving always get what they 've earned . 
  if the eu has trouble realizing that , there wo n't be an eu for much longer . 
   how is europe not capable of defending themselves ? 
  [ a large amount of europeans lack the will to defend their allies from attack ] ( http://carnegieeurope.eu/strategiceurope/?fa=60389 ) , [ the german military ( traditionally one of europe 's strongest ) is so lacking in material that units which are not deployed or training are practically barren of equipment ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20150622/german-army-military-spending-bundeswehr-bartels ) , and [ even european militaries that fly the same type of aircraft have difficulty cooperating in due to differences in operations ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20150622/german-army-military-spending-bundeswehr-bartels ) . 
   who are we supposed to defend ourselves from ? 
  islamist extremists , russian revanchists , and murderous governments on europe 's periphery for starters , but the problem is that you are asking that as though a lack of an obvious problem means that you do n't need a military . 
  building a military is not as simple as buying some weapons and putting some uniforms on people , it 's a process that takes many years at the quickest . 
  ** history has shown us that you the time you see a problem , it will be too late to build the military that you wish you had ** . 
  it is better to have a strong military and never need to use it , than to need a strong military and not have it . .  nato europes budget is is two and a half times greater than russia 's . 
  it 's significantly greater than pretty much every threat we face . 
  russia is one country , with a single chain of command and a single leader . 
  that matters a lot when you consider that europe does n't have that unity of command . . 
  the author runs out of legitimate arguments pretty quickly , and tries to involve european participation in sanctions and the syrian refugees as somehow compensating for the fact that americans are effectively spending money to defend countries which are in many cases unwilling to defend their allies if public opinion surveys are to be believed . 
  there is no substitute for actual military power , not when you are part of an alliance based on collective defense . 
  every member needs to contribute to the alliance , or the alliance risks falling apart as the few are increasingly asked to carry the burdens of many .
