  franco 's government was n't going to honor any debts incurred by the republic . 
  the germans on the other hand were the successors of the german reich and did pay reparations and other obligations incurred by the nazi government . 
  it 's the difference between winning a civil war and losing a war to foreign countries . 
  pastoralists . . basically , when you herd animals for a living you 're always at risk of losing your entire livelihood very quickly ( one really good night raid on your flock and you 're ruined ) . 
  you have to be ready to fight people at a moment 's notice or you simply wo n't last . 
  even when you take people off the pastures , that kind of mentality persists for generations . 
  the southern united states was settled heavily by people from scotland and ulster ireland ( both pastoral societies ) , and it 's not a coincidence that this part of the united states is known for things like family/clan feuds . 
  assuming that they 're interested in integration , it 's a fine idea . 
  the problem is , many of them are simply not interested in being german or changing . 
  they 're coming because they 've been subscribing to a `` europe is paradise '' fantasy while also ignoring any questions about why europe might be a nicer place to live than the middle east . 
  a country is built by the people who live there . 
  if people from poor and oppressive countries emigrate and do n't change , the new country they have come to will likely start to resemble the one they left as the number of people who have those old values increase in number - this was largely the case with lebanon . 
   what makes you think that . 
  the war would have broken out with or without the us as being neutral . 
  the entry of the united states ended the stalemate . 
  at a time when the germans were unable to replace losses , the allied lines on the western front were receiving 10,000 fresh american soldiers a day . 
   the soviet union beat nazi germany on the eastern front and the uk beat nazi germany over england . 
  of course a country like france for example declared war on nazi germany and then lost . 
  i think viewing that as `` conquering '' is a bit one-sided . 
  as long as your country is n't allied with a country under attack , why should you be allowed to intervene ? 
  that would be an invasion on its own . 
  the usa fought against japan after japan attacked them , which is completely right and the only point in time where it would have been so . 
  the usa fought against the axis when its allies ( the uk and the ussr ) called them . 
  the soviet union and britain were both major recipients of us aid through lend-lease . 
  virtually all soviet trucks , most of it 's air defense forces , and more than half of its trains were from the united states . 
  likewise , american tanks , trucks , fighters , bombers , and artillery were used by the british in massive numbers . 
  the united states produced more war material than everyone else in ww2 combined and it provided much of that to its allies . 
   so you save the soviets from the nazis and then save the former nazis from the soviets ? 
  maybe you should n't just pick your allies based on how you like them at the moment . 
  despite what you might believe about american aggression , the united states is n't big on revenge . 
  we were against the treaty of versailles largely because of that . 
  germany and japan both became prosperous countries under american tutelage , whereas the soviet union 's occupied nations did not . 
  everyone has a right to be free , the kind of revenge that characterizes a good deal of pre-1945 european politics is n't our thing . 
  vietnam was a french colonial conflict , which turned into an anti-communist conflict . 
  given that communism meant the annihilation of all life , intervening was the right choice ; strategy and tactics were wrong , but the war itself was right . 
  a communist world meant slavery and death for humanity . 
  the united states has used its power and influence to shape a world which is unprecedented in history for its openness and prosperity . 
  if you want to live in a place without american influence , belarus is just next door . 
  the united states actually tried to stay neutral too , twice . 
  it does n't work . 
  that 's the lesson we learned from the experience of the world wars . 
  as a result of neutrality , europeans died by the millions for years in a bloody stalemate during ww1 . 
  a generation later , the japanese and nazis were all too happy about american neutrality as they were brutally conquering people who lacked sufficient weapons and support to resist them . 
  god only knows what yet another round of american neutrality would have meant for postwar europe facing soviet aggression . 
  no marshall plan , no nato , and probably no chance against soviet efforts to conquer the rest of europe . 
  nothing quiet about germany doing its best to sell out everyone east of the oder . 
  you 'd think that for all of the lessons about the holocaust they have learned , they would at least be a little more cautious about dealing with a russian dictator who desires to reclaim former territory . 
  it was more like `` we did n't shoot it , glorious freedom fighters did n't shoot it either , ukraine/nato/cia / zionist-illuminati did it '' . 
  nearly everything in the ukrainian arsenal , from ukrainian anti-air defenses to ground attack aircraft was accused of shooting down mh17 in the russian state media . 
  rationales of increasingly desperation were given , including my favorite : the ukrainians thought it was vladimir putin 's plane and were trying to assassinate him . 
  many russians still do n't believe their military shot down mh17 , despite the fact that buk aa platforms and their operators do n't grow on trees . 
  the spirit of vichy is alive and well . . 
  this is not too much of a surprise , french history of the 19th and early 20th century is of a country torn between republic and monarchy . 
  * napoleon subverts the first republic , and becomes emperor . 
  * in 1848 , the french king is overthrown and the 2nd republic begins ; only to be subverted by yet another napoleon in 1851 and the french empire is born . 
  * during the franco - prussian war in 1870 , france is soundly defeated in a stunning ( particularly to the french , who expected a splendid little war ) defeat . 
  this results in the third republic . 
  * the third republic survives ww1 , but at such a great cost that it goes into ww2 haunted by the past . 
  the nazis back the vichy , who are conservative and monarchists and inherit a long skepticism of democracy . 
  * the vichy are overthrown by the allies and the free french forces establish the 4th republic , and in light of the 4th republic 's problems ( it was basically the 3rd republic , warts and all ) french later revised their government into the 5th republic . 
  it 's really not that shocking , france ( like many countries ) has had moments of doubt in democracy . 
  in times of crisis , a strong leader who can take action immediately is emotionally appealing to many people . 
  the british empire wanted to keep the united states contained on the eastern regions , and avoid an opened and costly war with the indians - this was one of the biggest reasons why the revolution occured . 
  under british rule , it 's doubtful the united states would have expanded the way it did . 
  it 's likely that new france or new spain would have expanded wwithout american settlers pushing their way further westward with every passing year . 
  it 's not how many times you win , but what you do with the victory that counts . 
  for example , america has only beaten the british once ( maybe twice if you 're being really charitable ) . 
  for the last two decades , there has been no impetus for a pan-european political formation . 
  the united states has provided security to europe , as well as leadership and it does n't charge europe for this or at least it does n't impose costs on europe in a way that is objected to by the vast majority of europeans . 
  if you 're wondering what that means , think about germany and its demands that neighbors accept refugees . 
  now compare that to american led situations like kosovo , where the united states did n't tell europeans how to deal with refugees . 
  as far as many people in europe are concerned , america is preferable to having a european led bloc in terms of costs and benefits . 
  barrack obama is n't going to ask your country to sell territory to pay debts or open its doors to refugees , but angela merkel has . 
  if anything , it 's not worth the risk : europe loses american protection , there is a high possibility of getting a meddlesome bloc leader , and the european bloc now has to deal with a world where the united states is a potential foe . 
  the british , poles , and baltics are almost certain to choose the united states over a german dominated european bloc . 
  there really is n't any serious benefits to an independent europe , at least not when it 's weighed against the risks . 
  the vast majority of the people who are leaving the caucasus region for syria are those who intend to fight ( usually in the ranks of isis ) . 
  the number of people from the caucasus who are going to syria and are not going to fight is miniscule , sane people do n't leave a troubled region for a region of the world that is even more unstable ; because they already understand what it means to live in a violent and dangerous environment . 
  what does this guy think is going on ? 
  i 'm thinking that he 's playing his part in the kremlin 's recent `` the refugees are returning to syria , because russia is winning the war '' media blutz . 
  the united states is only slightly smaller - 3.9 million sq miles vs 3.8 million sq miles - than all of europe , and of course that figure does n't include canada ( which is almost america , but not quite ) . 
  just one problem with deporting them , they ca n't . 
  there are so many people moving around that keeping track of then is practically impossible if those people are not cooperative - they simply move and the government has no idea where they are , [ it already happens every day ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20151026/hundreds-of-refugees-disappearing-from-centres ) . 
  with thousands of people showing up every day , the scope of things only becomes increasingly difficult to manage . 
  the closest thing to being able to deport them is denying them settlement and providing an easy way to a neighboring country , which is what several countries are doing ( while often simultaneously complaining about their neighbors doing it ) . 
  that only works until the migrants hit the fringes of the eu . 
  right now , we 're witnessing these people realize that sweden is cold . 
  in the next few months , things are going to get uglier as countries ca n't simply shuffle the problem to another country . 
  you 're already seeing increased violence and hostility . 
  [ remember that guy who killed two people in ikea because he was going to be sent back to italy ? 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150813/cctv-shows-ikea-suspect-tried-to-kill-himself ) unless something changes , that sort of thing is likely to be repeated over and over . 
  the truth is that he drugged , bound , and sodomized a child - he had the gall to then say that the judge was out to get him out of jealousy . 
  the victim wants to move on with her life , she thinks that polanski is a scumbag but she 's given up hope that he 'll get what he deserves in this lifetime , so far she 's right . 
  as for plea bargains , you are not forced to take the plea . 
  you can go to trial , you have the express right to a speedy trial . 
  plea bargains are a way to avoid expending resources on a trial in exchange for a lighter sentence . 
  a defendant can always go to trial if they prefer . 
  without plea bargains , a justice system is effectively stuck between choosing the easiest cases to prosecute and releasing the rest or holding them for years until their trial can start - as is often the case in latin america ; both of those things are not desirable . 
  if you want a trial in the united states , you can get one . 
  and here 's the thing , polanski 's crime took place in the united states .
