  america has a long history of ngos , such as the anti-slavery movement , the women 's sufferage movement , and various other organizations that lobbied for political change independent of the government . 
  ngos did n't destroy america , they strengthened it - the united states is the oldest state in the world because it relied on the people instead of bureaucrats or a single leader for political agitation . 
  this premise that ngos are agents of foreign powers ignores the reality that governments do not always serve their citizens perfectly and that citizens ought to be able to organize to change their government 's policies . 
  ask yourself this , is russia really the country that you want to emulate ? 
  [ the chips in question are commercially available ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/05/world/europe/russian-agents-smuggled-us-microchips-fbi-says.html ) ; it 's not that the russians do n't know * how * to make them , it 's that their industrial base is so degraded that they 'd end up with piles of defective chips if they tried making the chips themselves . 
  the soviets tried making american and european microchips , it cost them more to produce them due the sheer amount of chips that had to be rejected for defects . 
  the russian strategy is simply to buy them . 
   if you recall , a lot of chinese were admiring/envious ( in a good way ) of how americans came together in the aftermath of the boston bombing without anyone telling them to do so . 
   many people who came to run the marathon were not from boston , but suddenly had loved ones who were hospitalized . 
  one of the things that happened was that people in the city opened their homes to people who were n't going to leave their loved ones at such a critical time . 
  we 're talking about thousands of people opening up their homes to strangers . 
  revolutionary propaganda ? 
  not quite . 
  the american way has natural attractions , particularly to people who feel they have few opportunities . 
  if you recall , a lot of chinese were admiring/envious ( in a good way ) of how americans came together in the aftermath of the boston bombing without anyone telling them to do so . 
  for a lot of people , the idea of a society where people take care of each other is something they want to achieve . 
  that is just one facet of america , and there are a lot of things about american society that people abroad find attractive - whether it 's being accepting of immigrants , to not judging people on race ( racism is n't gone and it may never be gone entirely , but a black man was elected president by a nonblack population ) , to things like voting and feeling ownership of one 's government . 
   this is only true as long as the us is the worlds strongest economy , which it will soon not be anymore . 
  china will match the us in a few years and depending on the forecast china will double or triple the us in about twenty years . 
  forecasts are notoriously unreliable , for example the soviet union 's collapse came as a shock to much of the world . 
  china has india next to it , which serves as a fundamental check on it - if population is key to economic size , then india may surpass china far sooner than current forecasts anticipate ; the man who coined the term brics focused heavily on brazil , india , and china all having relatively equal potential to be giants . 
  even if the chinese are an economic giant , they 're an economic giant hemmed in by other giants whereas the united states has no ominously powerful neighbor on its borders . 
  powerful neighbors are a dangerous thing , it 's why the russians tried for decades to pivot west and held out from giving the chinese too large a share in their eastern holdings . 
  the russians and chinese are allies of convenience , they have little in common ; the chinese confucian political philosophy has a very low opinion of the russian state and its government . 
  the chinese also have a long political memory , russia has annexed chinese lands whereas the united states was one of the first nations to recognize the chinese republic and fought the japanese while the russians maintained neutrality - the chinese view of america is that is a potential friend , whereas the russians are a potential threat once their usefulness runs out . 
  the brics are not the shanghai five , pakistan puppeting whatever line china wants it to say is not the brics , and multi-polarity is one of those vague statements like fiscal independence that sounds great for domestic audiences with an inferiority complex but is n't actually feasible or desirable : a multi-polar south america gave the world things like the paraguayan war and other various conflicts , a multi-polar asia would probably involve a nuclear exchange , and we 're getting a taste of multi-polarity in europe with ukraine right now . 
  the fact that you keep talking about the `` west '' pretty much says it all , the `` west '' is n't anything but a rhetorical device used to describe countries that have a high standard of living and are n't dictatorships . 
  the world order created by the united states after ww2 and accelerated after the fall of the soviet union is the only way that the world can enjoy widespread peace , prosperity , and freedom : a multipolar world is a world that returns back to world wars and mass oppression , and everyone who has read a history book knows that . 
  put yourself in the postion of china , does russia or the united states matter more ? 
  the answer is obvious , the united states . 
  america is china 's most important trade partner ( russia is tenth ) as well as its most important foreign relation ; china 's other top trade partners are japan , taiwan , and south korea - all of which are major american allies . 
  if forced to choose between america and russia , china will pick america as long as the choice benefits china . 
  it was diplomatic relations with america that opened china to the world in the 1970s and set the stage for the prosperity that china experienced when it began to trade with america and the rest of the world in the 1980s . 
  the same can be said of the rest of the so-called `` brics '' , europe and the united states and japan are more valuable than russia could ever be . 
  this idea that they 're all more interested in giving the finger to the world 's most developed countries rather than experiencing prosperity is one borne of russian desperation . 
  right now the chinese are n't doing so well economically , which only makes them less eager to be part of russia 's conflict with the united states . 
  the brics are a group of developing economies with high potential , they are n't some sort of alliance against the developed world or a counterpart to nato or anything else beyond being a grouping of developing economies with high potential . 
  the only people starving out russia 's poor are the wise men in the kremlin who decided to respond to the regular cycle of domestic unrest in ukraine with an invasion , and then to respond to sanctions targeting billionaires with food sanctions ( and sanctions that also targeted medical products , but those were repealed ) . 
  you 're confusing restraint with weakness . 
  if the united states included every two bit russian politico in sanctions , they would lose their effect . 
  the duma is a theatrical prop , it does n't really have any power or effect on russia . 
  if vladmir putin decided to rename russia putinland , the duma would do it . 
  if he decided to make homosexuality mandatory , the duma would do it . 
  if the duma did n't do what vladmir putin wanted , he would find a new duma . 
  boys in high school regularly have track and field times that are better than those of female olympic athletes . 
  men have hundreds of thousands of years ( millions , if you are including our homo ancestors ) of natural selection behind them , which favored physical strength and durability . 
  men are built to hunt , fight , and protect because that was their role in the species for hundreds of thousands of years . 
  sure there are some women who are in better shape than some men , but that does n't change the fact that men simply have more physical potential due to genes . 
  the strongest and most fit women on earth have physical abilities that are roughly that of boys who are in good shape , and that is with specialized training in that particular activity . 
  the military can turn out of shape men into soldiers with discipline , but it ca n't trai . 
  women to have abilities that men acquired through hundreds of thousands of years of harsh natural selection . 
  if you look at accounts where men have attacked or physically competed against women without holding back , one thing that is very consistent is the surprise by women at how strong men can be . 
  it 's not a bad thing to have women in the military , but not too many women can carry a 45kg backpack on 24 hour marches in the cold over rough terrain . 
  actually , quite a lot of things that are indispensable to the russian military industrial complex are imported . 
  * it 's something of an open secret that russia smuggles microchips and other electronic components from the united states and europe . 
  by most estimates , more than 50 % of russia 's planes and missiles are using at least some component made in the united states or europe . 
  * russia is still looking for replacement turbines for several of its new class of frigates after ukraine retaliated by cutting off the export of military products . 
  nearly all of the major ships of the russian navy were built in ukraine 's shipyards . 
  without ukraine , russia is limited largely to submarines and small surface ships unless it expends hundreds of billions on naval infrastructure . 
  * military products generally cost roughly the same to build no matter where you build them , since we have a global economy . 
  russia exports resources and imports others , and it 's not the russian people live an existence several orders of magnitude greater or less than the rest of the world ; a first rate tank is roughly the same in cost unless you have a more developed infrastructure than the rest of the world or nobody is making any profit from the tank - neither of those conditions would describe russia . 
  the assets of several russians who are part of putin 's inner circle have been frozen . 
  for quite a few of russia 's wealthiest citizens ( nearly everyone who is a `` friend '' of putin is extremely wealthy ) , the united states and europe are off limits entirely ; no bank accounts , no property , and no entry . 
  there 's nothing wrong with russians being wealthy . 
  targeting russians simply because they have wealth does n't serve any purpose . 
  the sanctions are intended to target putin and his inner circle . 
  unless a russian citizen has a key role in the ongoing aggression towards ukraine , they wo n't be sanctioned . 
  it 's not about hurting russians , it 's about punishing those who are engaged in aggression towards ukraine . 
  better see if you can use those tulip futures as collateral to invest in eastern poland while you still can , or you may end up having to live in eastern poland . 
  that all assumes that europe does n't fall prey to its bad habits when it comes to defense : * when it comes to efficient spending , europeans overwhelmingly choose to cut costs and maintain existing capabilities rather than maintaining existing spending and improving capabilities . 
  because of this , i do n't europe using efficiency from a single eu army to enhance capabilities as much as to cut costs . 
  * you only have to look in the comments to see `` no german troops deployed without german government approval '' and this sentiment is true all over europe 's nations with large military forces . 
  i do n't expect europeans to give the eu the authority to send their countrymen into wars their nation may be bitterly opposed to . 
  * if you recall the survey about european willingness to honor nato obligations to go to war , a lot of europeans were n't in favor of honoring those guarantees even though the united states would be doing much of the fighting . 
  when it 's an eu army , the likelihood of europeans being unwilling to fight gets even higher since the united states would n't be doing the majority of the fighting . 
  * europe is still divided , as the situation with greece demonstrates . 
  in a united continent , unity would be more important than money . 
  it 's why you do n't see some american states ostracized for taking more money than they put out . 
  i am not condemning or condoning , just pointing out that borders still matter in europe . 
  all of those are real obstacles to european defense , and i do n't expect europe to suddenly have a massive personality change with the creation of an eu army . 
  i 'm surprised there is n't more skepticism , given that an eu army has a few thorny questions : who decides when , where , and how this eu army fights ? 
  * given how apathetic some european countries are to solving problems that go beyond their borders - take migrants for example - would anyone trust that brussels would n't simply vote to sacrifice one country so the rest could avoid war ? 
  * who would fund this military , or are they going to try to stretch out the armed forces of countries that funded their military forces over the whole of the eu ? 
  a lot of eu members have dramatically reduced their armed forces since the end of the cold war . 
  an eu wide army would either include a lot of free riders or require more military spending . 
  * the eu as a whole has very different military requirements from its members , particularly those who have n't slashed their military budgets down to nothing , for example it 's highly unlikely the eu as a whole would have voted to intervene in mali as the french did . 
  would the eu be willing to fight to defend the falklands with all countries participating ? 
  i doubt it , and if your army is divided in its mission by nationality then it really is n't an actual army . 
  imagine if the united states had to get permission from the various 50 states before soldiers from that state could participate in a war . 
   `` of course it 's not an expression of racism , '' shevchenko said . 
  `` if you had been there you would understand . 
  the situation was absolutely friendly and happy . '' [ because it 's not like racists are friendly and happy when surrounded by other racists , right ? 
  ] ( http://www.warrelics.eu/forum/attachments/photos-papers-propaganda-third-reich/450844d1358214580-hitler-rally-photo-photo.jpg ), 
  the united states used cluster munitions against iraqi armor in 2003 , they were excellent at eliminating masses of vehicles . 
  if anything , it 's the other way around - nearly every weapon on a battlefield can kill infantry effectively , whereas something that can destroy concentrations of enemy assets is relatively rare . 
  pressure wave explosives tend to be used against infantry , whereas tanks are generally resistant to anything that does n't penetrate them directly . 
  there is an open investigation , the dutch , malaysians , and ukrainians have all been cooperating on the investigation . 
  the thing is , an investigation that continuously releases its evidence is going to allow the perpetrators to adjust their strategy . 
  we all saw how the widespread russian state media version of events that featured a ukrainian aircraft shooting down mh17 was proven to be false when the investigation released some preliminary findings . 
  by giving the kremlin a continuous flow of information , it can adjust its lies so they 're more plausible .
