  at the end of the day , america is doing just fine . 
  the strength of our nation has never been our government , it 's been our independent and capable population . 
  everyone knew they were n't locals the minute they drove out of sevastopol in russian military vehicles bearing russian license plates and wearing a camo pattern only recently fielded by russia . 
  the green men tactic worked because nobody was ready to respond to the russians with force . 
  people who did n't want to believe russia was seizing territory could ask for ever higher standards of proof until it was `` too late to do anything about it '' as many people put it . 
  occasional terrorist attacks , but it 's got a pro-russian leader who is every bit as ruthless as you 'd expect from the top chechen warlord . 
  he rules chechnya with impunity , which is why it 's a black hole for russian law enforcement - they ca n't operate there , so a huge amount of the russian drug trade is run from chechnya and numerous members of kadyrov 's clan are involved in the drug trade . 
  ironically , it 's also one of the most well accounted for parts of the russian budget as the government keeps excellent records of how much money it hands to kadyrov for keeping the `` peace '' . 
  what kadyrov does with it or if he 's supplementing it with drug money ( almost guaranteed ) , human trafficking ( possibly ) , arms dealing ( likely ) is another matter entirely . 
  russia is the largest country in the world , yet no one 's seriously wondering why it is n't taking in millions of africans . 
  land size has little bearing on asylum , a large portion of sweden is more or less uninhabited - it 's a country of a little more than 10 million people . 
  the united states may be 8 times larger , but it also has 32 times as many people . 
  as an american , i do n't have any opinion on how many people sweden should or should n't take - it 's a small country and god only knows what 5 million more people showing up in a nation built for 10 million would do to its ability to maintain order . 
  if you want to fill your country with refugees , that 's an interesting experiment . 
  if you do n't want refugees in numbers greater than would be noticed , that 's also a decision for your nation . 
  america has more than 10 million refugees of one sort or another , think about that for a moment . 
  ultimately it 's up to the american people who comes to our nation . 
  we already accept more immigrants than anyone else in the world , with special provisions for asylum seekers . 
  the reason why i brought up immigrants is because we do n't draw such a hard distinction between economic migration and other refugees ( there is a distinction , but we 're not going to expel economic migrants on principle alone ) as many european countries do . 
  we do n't have a problem with asylum seekers , but we do n't actively seek them out from every corner of the world . 
  if they want to come to america , they have to get here . 
  we do n't ask any more of them than anyone else , no nation in the world has an asylum policy that includes picking up the refugees from their home countries - except perhaps israel , and that only applies to jews . 
  honestly , this is a sign of how bad things have gotten for assad . 
  his speech a few weeks ago pretty much conceded that he 's focused on survival now , and given up on hope of an outright victory . 
  the russians are bringing in aircraft , not ground troops . 
  attack aircraft can break up enemy concentrations and provide tactical support , they ca n't hold ground or do in depth sweeps for enemy troops . 
  this measure is meant to give assad 's forces a tactical air support asset . 
  you saw a similar situation in afghanistan , nato forward operating bases manned by platoon sized units ( about 50 troops ) would be attacked by insurgents in company strength units ( about 300 men ) and air support was critical to keeping those bases from being overrun ; troops would stay in their fortified fighting positions and hold out whilst the gunships would pick off insurgents from above . 
  that 's basically what the russians are going to be doing in syria , coming to the rescue of saa bases under threat of being overrun and to break up concentrations of rebel forces when they can detect them . 
  they are n't going to be on the offensive , assad does n't have the manpower and it does n't look like the russians are interested in a ground war . 
  the united states does take in more immigrants than any country in the world . 
  we have over 10 million people from latin america alone living here without documents , and there 's even more people who have some form of residency and tens of thousands of people gain american citizenship every year . 
  currently there are millions of american citizens were not born in the united states . 
  the thing is , they have to get here first . 
  you do n't see germany or sweden sending planes to pick up syrians from the border of turkey either . 
  if syrians do come to the united states , there is nothing prohibiting them from claiming asylum . 
  trade with them and build up the economy , intervene if their government is killing people and put a stop to it . 
  if you fail to do the first , you get economic migration . 
  people are going to travel where there is opportunity , particularly if the difference between in opportunity is massive and traveling is relatively easy . 
  unfortunately , corruption makes this a difficult task . 
  if you fail to do the second , you get refugees . 
  war is n't pleasant but sometimes it 's best to end a conflict swiftly rather than let everyone kill each other for years and turn the country to rubble . 
  unfortunately , wars are expensive and a swift response usually takes months or years if it even happens at all . 
  to respond to your points : 1 . 
  that price is usually military assistance , often in the form of bases . 
  europe 's prosperity in and of itself is beneficial to the united states , the idea that we 're going to take resources or technology is n't how we operate - we will buy them from you however . 
  in general , we consider your wellbeing as something that improves our own . 
  you should , but that would take considerably more money being spent on defense than the current state of affairs in europe . 
  for example , i was astonished to find out that austrian infantry conscripts can choose to do limited hikes . 
  i understand that , but having an ally that you depend on is preferable to being alone with enemies on your doorstep . 
  it 's not like the united states is n't happy to see your countries build up their own military strength . 
  we 'll even give you surplus equipment to do it . 
  the united states has been saying for years that european countries needed to spend more money on defense , particularly nato members who were failing to keep their spending commitments ; we hear all sorts of excuses about how they 're making up for it with efficiency , but at the end of the day it basically comes down to bread and circuses being more popular than the military . 
  europe 's countries are sovereign . 
  the united states ca n't force them to spend money . 
  frankly , the united states would be very happy if europeans were less dependent on americans to die for them . 
  unfortunately , europe does n't work like that . 
  the united states has been guarding europe for over 50 years . 
  it was n't the french or british nuclear deterrent that had the soviets sweating . 
  this idea that we 're going to require something from you ignores the fact that we already achieved that during the late 40s when we financed much of the rebuilding of europe . 
  the current state of affairs in europe is already almost exactly what the united states wants ; peaceful , prosperous and democratic . 
  we do n't want colonies or satellite states , we had plenty of opportunity to impose that in the past on europe and we did n't . 
   there are credible russian born reporters such as the ones from meduza and spektr working here . 
  the staff of meduza is composed from previous lenta.ru staff which were fired for their reporting ( not writing what kremlin wants ) , consequently did n't feel safe in russia and moved here . 
  came here to say this , this is a phenomenon you 're seeing all over countries next to russia . 
  ukraine , finland and the baltics ( particularly latvia ) have all had a considerable influx of russian dissidents of one form or another . 
  there are plenty of russian language publications available in countries with large russian minorities , but they are n't russian state media and that is the actual issue for the russian government . 
  as far as the kremlin is concerned , independent russian media is a threat . 
  it 's not too hard to see why either ; if russians on the other side of the border see their kin wealthier and critical of the russian government , it ca n't be dismissed as evil foreigners out to destroy russia . 
  given what happened with ukraine , it 's pretty obvious that russian state media should be recognized as a weapon of russian policy and treated as such . 
  if your country would n't welcome russian tanks , it should n't welcome russian state media . 
  american here : * big years : 1944 d-day is a huge part of our national recollection of the war as is the dropping of the atomic bomb . 
  * words associated with the wartime period : liberty , sacrifice , volunteer . 
  * words associated with the end of the war : victory , rebuilding , new era . 
  * our role in the war : we were the arsenal of democracy . 
  we built more war material than every other combatant combined . 
  we see ourselves as having come to the aid of a beleaguered europe . 
  * perception of countrymen who fought for the nazis : un-american , as even those who did n't willingly commit treason ( several joined the wehrmacht before we went to war ) still joined the armed forces of a nation with values antithetical to american values . 
  * role of partisans : america was n't occupied ( except for some very small parts of alaska ) in ww2 , and the partisans we did have were people like the filipinos - for them , it 's a major part of their history . 
  for us , it 's not exactly something that immediately springs to mind . 
  we generally do n't have a notion of partisans . 
  first of all , i want make clear to you that i do n't hold you personally responsible for things that the soviet union or russia has done and i respect you for having the courage to ask questions . 
  something that does n't get covered a lot in russian history is how stalin helped hitler and the nazis take power in germany . 
  [ after the commitern world congress of 1925 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_international#fifth_to_seventh_world_congresses:_1925-1935 ) , stalin began to exercise increasing control over international communist parties , using them as tools of soviet policy ; what was good for the ussr was good for all communists was the idea . 
  from then on , communist parties worldwide began taking orders from stalin . 
  this led to the the [ third period ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_period ) , where leftists such as socialists and other groups advocating something short of communism became the primary target of communist parties worldwide but especially in germany . 
  the kpd ( the german communist party ) even described the nazis as * `` working people 's comrades '' * and attacked the spd ( germany 's leading socialist party ) as [ social fascists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_fascism ) whilst voting with the nazis and other german far right groups in the reichstag . 
  german communists were fighting brownshirts in the streets , but voting with them ( as stalin ordered ) in the reichstag for the various pro-fascist bills . 
  stalin did all of this because [ german industrialists offered to sell him weapons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany%e2%80%93soviet_union_relations_before_1941#relations_in_the_1920s ) in exchange for getting the german communists to assist various anti-communist political parties during the 1920s . 
  the german industrialists required hard currency , so stalin sold out the german communists in order to provide german industrialists with wheat from russia in 1931 this was partly responsible for the massive loss of life during soviet famine in 1932 as there were no reserves of grain from the previous year . 
  even before the molotov-ribbentrop pact and the various economic agreements ; the ussr was working with fascists to the detriment of fellow communists ( who were forced to support policies they opposed ) , socialists ( who were targeted and opposed by fellow leftists ) , and its own people ( who starved and then later experienced the force of a german war machine partly built with soviet raw materials ) . 
  stalin supported hitler as far back as 1928 . 
  that scenario has been the subject of countless nato wargames , and the response goes like this : * use police and intelligence to head off any violent protests before they become a riot . 
  much like standard police work when it comes to civil unrest . 
  * if that fails , and protests persist and escalate into rioting ; attempt to interrupt , disable , and detain the russian networks orchestrating the protests with police forces . 
  russian organization was critical in ukraine 's wave of protests . 
  this is the stage when nato forces begin to arrive - specifically , the rapid reaction force . 
  * if that not does succeed and the situation escalates in `` rebellion '' stage with the arrival of openly armed units , this is when article 5 is officially invoked and nato will move to deal with the unrest as a military operation . 
  at stage 3 , it becomes a nato vs russia conventional conflict - in that situation , the russians are a major disadvantage . 
  in an open conflict with nato forces ( particularly those of the united states ) , they 'd lose .
