  the israelis and saudis are n't angels , but you do n't see their leaders taking pride in things like outright murder and seemingly placing no limits on their conflict . 
  whereas russia is a great protector of stability in the caucasus , as it sells azerbaijan all the weaponry it can buy and is willing to even sell them weapons on credit . 
  nothing says stability like arming a country that appears hell bent on waging a genocide upon its neighbor . 
  a big part of the problem is a distinct lack of leadership by brussels : * instead of treating the eu 's external borders as a common problem for all members too many members would rather reestablish the old national borders . 
  when migrants started surging into greece , the eu should have deployed more manpower , ships , etc to assist greece . 
  it 's not like the navies of the north sea nations did n't have a few boats to spare . 
  * instead of focusing on a solution to end the source of problems , the eu has been focused on ways to make everyone suffer together . 
  nowhere is this more clear than migrant issues . 
  threatening poland and romania to take migrants who wo n't stay there is an exercise in futility ; time and money would be far better spent on focusing on how to make the countries where migrants come from into better places . 
  the eu ca n't threaten itself , but it can certainly threaten third world kleptocracies into cleaning up their act . . * this crisis has shown that individual european governments are prone to ignoring the few rules that the eu has when they are under pressure , including rules about getting information on those who enter the eu . 
  the eu needs a common law enforcement agency , and it needs to start regularly training police in one country to work alongside those in other eu countries similar to what nato does with military training . 
  the more integrated that eu police are , the less likely an individual member state will be overwhelmed and start ignoring the rules out of desperation . 
  * finally , eu leaders need to be elected . 
  let the country whose turn it is in the eu leadership rotation select nominees through whatever process they desire and the entire eu will then vote to choose from the nominees ; or vote yes/no in the event that there is one nominee , and the process restarts if the no vote wins . 
  the eu can not afford to have leaders who the vast majority of its population had no say in choosing . . 
  interestingly enough , we seem to attract the more ambitious segments of the population from the countries you mentioned too . 
  it 's something of a trope in the united states that small business owners are often immigrants ; in inner city neighborhoods , virtually all the businesses are run by arabs , indians , or east asians who are willing to brave the difficult business environment that more established businesses shun . 
  the biggest question is how europe can appeal to ambitious and driven individuals , while not attracting people who are simply out to get paid to exist . 
   the thing is he is making an arrogant and rude request , insisting a guideline that is not more than a guideline is a contractual obligation . 
  if he were to try and ask that of germany the response will be all but understanding it will be outright angry . 
  donald trump has never been known for his delicate touch , and the he does n't care about being blunt . 
  in his view , the guideline ought to be an obligation ; if europe does n't agree to that ( and it can refuse , of course ) then he is going to take his case to the american people that nato is n't a good deal for the united states . 
  european anger over american reminders to meet the 2 % spending looks a lot like ingratitude to americans , given that americans are the ones expected to defend europe whereas no european countries are in a position to protect north america from a foreign attack . 
   i also just do not see what the us has to gain from abandoning nato and antagonizing europe . 
  i just do not see what the us has to gain from destabilizing the region . 
  it is also not like the us hasnt cut down on their european deployments massively . 
  i am living in old us barracks.\u00fc , my university is partly in army buildings for starters , leaving nato frees up american troops and resources for the looming confrontation with china in the pacific . 
  it also reduces american exposure to europe 's problems ; no nato means that america does n't have to worry about the european union or europe 's migrant crisis . 
  it also opens the door for a far more cooperative relationship with russia . 
  now , i am not saying that leaving nato is a good idea at the current time but it 's not like it does n't present certain opportunities . 
  trump is n't wrong to seek a better deal for the united states if he has sufficient leverage to get it ; especially when europe is fully capable of meeting that spending . 
   i am honestly curious what will/would happen if trump ges elected presidents and asks for money for the us bases in allied countries and just gets a big `` fuck you '' depends on how arrogant/rude the tone of the response is ( trump is prone to emotional response ) , but there 's a good chance that trump would use it as a way to bring his case to the american people that these countries who do n't contribute ought to be abandoned . 
  the thing about trump is that he is the kind of person who looks at nato the way a ceo looks at a business cooperation agreement between companies ; nothing lasts forever , and if there is a better alternative to nato he is open to suggestions . 
  he may not be interested in leaving nato at all , but he 's willing to threaten to do so unless things change ; such as all nato members being required by their own domestic laws to spend 2 % on defense . 
  with trump , you never can say for sure except that it 's a bad idea to underestimate him . 
  france is against any exercise of american power , unless it helps france . 
  let 's not pretend there is some sort of genuine principle behind this , france is simply against america exercising influence unless it benefits france . 
  * france did n't warn the united states about getting involved in vietnam . 
  * france did n't warn the united states about getting involved in mali . 
  * france did n't warn the united states about getting involved in fighting ww2 . 
  trying to keep america from making france look weak on the world stage has been french policy since de gaulle was around . 
  france has to be a great power , and it does n't look so great if it is doing nothing while america is going around and engaging in impressive feats of arms left and right . 
  as for iraq , the country went to hell in a handbasket after the united states left . 
  the world is a better place when there is an armed american keeping it safe ; look at europe before and after the united states started stationing soldiers there if you want evidence of that ; no major wars since 1945 . 
  there 's nothing wrong with treating people the way you would like to be treated , if the behavior of muslims in sweden is anything to go by ; they want you swedes to rape them like there is no tomorrow , live off the public dole , and riot when you 're feeling bored or `` oppressed '' . 
  by french standards they 're conservative . 
  by teutonic standards , hues of grey and green are all the colors a reasonable person would ever need . 
  if we 're going to include everything about bannon , i suppose the following ought to be mentioned : * he beat and then threatened his ex wife to the point where she did n't show up to court . 
  maybe he 's innocent , but generally speaking innocent people do n't have a lot in common with mobsters when it comes to court cases . 
  * if he 's not a white supremacist , you 'd better tell that to all of the racists who are celebrating trump 's election . 
  i am talking about the actual american nazi party praising donald trump for bringing bannon onboard . 
  political parties which are indisputably racist are enthusiastic supporters of bannon . 
  if his agreement with them was only on the broadest of issues , he would n't have their support to the extent that he does . 
  * nearly everyone is saying that bannon is encouraging trump 's increasingly confrontational behavior ( pence seems to be the voice of calm in the administration ) and given his espoused belief in the need to tear down the system , i have no problem believing that . 
  you can see the change in trump 's aggression levels after bannon is around . 
  he went to some nice schools , served in the navy , and made an investment bank . 
  here 's the problem with that , none of it makes an individual more qualified than the senior-most officer in the united states armed forces . 
  one of the foremost experts on the military has now been replaced with a man who is on the record as encouraging trump 's militaristic fantasies . 
  on the subject of character and expertise , bannon is thoroughly inferior to the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff to sit on the nsc . 
  it 's not just the eu , it 's everything . . my favorite example is the presidential transition team . 
  typically , the various working groups start showing up to the various organs of government within a day of the election to get up to speed . 
  [ in trump 's case , his team took weeks to show up ( they never showed up at the department of defense at all ) . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/lost-in-transition-team-trump-a-no-show-at-dod/article/2607438 ) someone said that his government resembles a poorly run business , and they 're not wrong . 
  * trump removed the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff ( the senior most military officer in the us armed forces ) from the national security council , and gave his seat to a man whose previous line of work was a website that peddles anything that will anger people and create controversy . 
  * his sole qualifications for his cabinet seem to be the ability to answer yes to the question : `` do you want to disband the department i 'm nominating you to lead '' ? 
  i believe that government ought to be less intrusive and burdensome on people , but trump 's government is on track to be the most intrusive , burdensome , and dysfunctional government this country has ever seen . 
  * it 's one thing to try to bully contractors in business deals , but that does n't necessarily work in foreign policy ; it 's no mistake that trump likes putin so much , putin essentially governs the way that trump does business - it 's a mixture of external aggression and internal disorder . 
  you can probably get away with bullying one or two weaker countries , but eventually everyone starts to avoid ever giving you any sort of leverage over them again . 
  trust once lost , is very hard to regain . . 
  i wish it was just as simple as trump 's inner circle imagining the eu as a simple free trade zone and nothing more . . 
   we have exit ... 
  if you 're old and sick , they come and kill you . 
  you should try it sometime , it 's fantastic . 
  if any of the other videos even come close to the swiss , i can die laughing . . 
   a citizen of america will cross the ocean to fight for democracy , but wo n't cross the street to vote in a national election . 
  few people in america could tell you where kosovo was before the serbs set up concentration camps , but once the american people saw pictures of those camps ; there was a grim determination in the minds of the american public that the serbs were modern day fascists and they were going to be removed from kosovo no matter how many bombs it took . 
  in more recent times , you had non-muslim americans travelling to libya to fight gaddafi , simply because he was a tyrant . 
  even donald trump 's most aggressive promises to restrict muslim entry into the united states fall far short of what china does to muslims ; china restricts their right to practice their religion , restricts their movement , and has been demolishing their cultural sites ( apparently the best place to build a new shopping mall , apartment complex , or natural gas refinery is almost always where a centuries old mosque or other cultural site is located ) . 
  i for one think that it 's hilarious that there are people who complain about trump 's intolerance in one breath , and then praise china in the next . . 
  they still have the peace walls up , right ? 
  a few years ago some bored jackasses tried to play rebel , and the whole of northern ireland came together to denounce any return to violence . 
  i 'm pretty confident about my understanding of the situation in northern ireland . 
  if you believe that leaving the eu is going to make people suddenly try to kill their neighbors and blow up military bases , please feel free to explain why . 
  pardon me , but how exactly is this a threat to peace ? 
  the uk has no interest in reuniting ireland by conquest , and presumably the republic of ireland has no interest in attacking the uk . 
  no one wants war , and the idea that leaving the eu somehow means that northern ireland has to inevitably become a bloodbath is pure fantasy from a man whose party routinely dreams of a destabilized northern ireland as a prelude to annexation . 
  let us review some facts : * the uk and ireland are capable of negotiating between each other without the involvement of the eu . 
  if that is n't the case , why does any member of the eu still have a foreign minister ? 
  we did n't see france requiring eu permission to launch military action in mali , we did n't see germany/britain/etc requiring eu permission to sell munitions to russia ( you can bet the poles would have done everything possible to veto that if they could ) , and the eu does not have to be involved in revising an agreement between the uk and ireland . 
  if ireland wants to make sure the peace deal with the uk withstands brexit , the smart thing to do is for dublin to start talking to westminster now instead of predicting war and calamity . 
  * the world is a very different place than it used to be , particularly in the realm of security . 
  mass surveillance , profiling , and other technologies driven by a need to fight terrorism have meant that the ability of states to provide security against internal threats has vastly improved . 
  even in the worst case scenario , maintaining order is well within the ability of the british security forces . 
  * sinn fein 's politics can basically be summed up as `` no matter what the problem is , the solution is for northern ireland to join the republic of ireland '' and this has been true for a very long time . 
  if you trust gerry adams or sinn fein when it comes to ireland and peace , the world must be a very frightening place indeed . . 
  they might , but it would be applied quite strictly to the letter ; as in a freedom of movement for workers from member states , and not an open border where anyone can enter without any border controls . 
  the eu freedom of movement makes concessions for public health , public security , and public policy . 
  the last point is especially important ; for example , nobody is going to argue that gypsies ( or rather their lawyers ) claiming to be `` self-employed and interested in providing services '' are legitimate workers . 
  the problem with freedom of movement is that the actual things that make it work have been neglected by extreme ideologies on both sides ; the left does n't bother to enforce the protocols allowing them to get rid of non-workers because they want to make it as some sort of `` borders so open , an anarchist would approve '' piece of legislation , and the right is so uninterested in the entire eu altogether that they do n't bother enforcing things within freedom of movement that would make it work ( and thus make the eu actually work ) . 
  freedom of movement as it is actually written , would be rather acceptable if its provisions were reasonably enforced .
