  you 're basically saying ethnic cleansing , genocide and conquest is just fine . 
  also , i ca n't recall the albanians ever raising up kosovo and metohija into what it is today . 
  and let 's not please neglect the events of the 2000s where god knows how many monasteries and churches - that have withstood the test of time and ottoman occupation - were razed so that history could be safely rewritten without counterproof obstructing their way . 
   do not turn the kosovo case into a juridical/political one . 
  lol what ? 
  i 'm afraid you 're a bit late on that one . 
  it 's been like that from when the whole thing began . 
   i could n't care less if kosovo and metohija is part of serbia or not . 
  and if you 're a decent guy , i do n't mind you living in k&m , regardless of your ethnicity or faith , so long as you acknowledge what was done was wrong . 
  the thing is that even with the ` polite ' albanians i encountered online , no one does admit that . 
   what i do care is that i have problems in the most basic human level with you guys . 
  do tell . 
  it does n't really matter if you use proper english , with good grammar , i 'm still going to look at it with the same kind of disbelief and amusement that i view all those blacks in america who claim and believe their ancestors were egypt 's pharaohs and what nots . 
  someone else mentioned it in this thread , but the trouble with the illyrian meme is that a lot of the people who bring it up online also tend to use that as a way to justify their expansion/grabbing of another 's lands as their own . 
  i mean , if we 're all going to pull shit from history back when our countries were at their strongest , i want the [ serbian empire of car du\u0161an restored ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/41/92/f0/4192f01f9c02e99a52147aa6d41e54a2.jpg ) . 
  our representative of the we wuz kangz 'n sheeit craze is dereti\u0107 . 
  that guy is bonkers . 
  in any case , i do n't mind acknowledging that there is some illyrian blood in the people found nowadays in the balkans , but no one of them is the direct descendant or inheritor of their culture and domains . 
  the thing is that i do n't care about those other places in the world . 
  it 's only natural , i do n't know anyone there or have any connection to those places , emotional or otherwise , so my detachment is understandable . 
  what is happening here is relevant and important to me - not in the way of day to day life - and i 'm not going to shrug it off just because it 's happened before and to others . 
   if we play by these rules than i expect you to acknowledge and admit the guilt concerning the deportation of native albanians from their lands in ' 38 . 
  okay , and then what ? 
  will you acknowledge what 's happened to serbs as unjust and wrong ? 
  i 'm not saying that you personally are at fault for anything , but since i 'm expected to acknowledge something i had no hand in myself , should n't it go both ways ? 
   unfortunately it all changed . 
  we all know what happened , at least the rest of the world , and my viewpoint of you guys changed . 
  see , that 's the thing i do n't understand . 
  these people who knew you , why would they turn on you , if you and yours did nothing to them , if you got along ? 
  i can understand some outside party gunning for you , they do n't know you , they have no connection whatsoever to you , you 're just conveniently in the way . 
   being held captive inside a school as a 15 years boy together with another 100 other men who later that night were massacred was another strong hint . 
  when and where was this ? 
   seeing my old house , my animals , my grape yard burnt to ashes made me realize i do have a very serious problem with your group of people . 
  i hope you got my point . 
  and i hope you get mine . 
  what happened to you and yours did not happen in a vacuum . 
  people do n't just raise arms and go pillaging and burning for no reason . 
  no , not even the psychopathic ones , because even they require a drapery behind which they hide and justify their actions . 
  both sides did things . 
  horrible things . 
  so many dead , and a lot of innocents as well , but it is the nature of conflict . 
  having read some accounts of war and the visceral emotions people feel during those times , you ca n't realistically expect them to behave cool headed . 
  when they come across a house of one of their own , razed and looted , when they find the children , the women and the mean dead and mutilated and worse , do you expect these people to just forget about it ? 
  it stays with them . 
  it scars them . 
  atrocity leads to atrocity . 
  nothing happens on its own , without cause . 
  we can argue until judgment day which side acted first and worst , but it 'd be pointless . 
  to me , it 's not a problem to acknowledge when one of ours did something wrong . 
  but i feel genuine anger when it is only ours who are vilified , when it is only ours who did those horrible things , as if the other side was pure and innocent and of course they did n't go to be tried by some kind of international tribunal and even if they did , whoopsie witness disappeared , guess they have to let them go , totally not suspicious . 
  then they call this farce a justice and expect everyone to accept their version of the story . 
  do you understand what i 'm saying here ? 
  serbs have been painted with the same brush : we are all savages , just eager for the chance to raze and murder . 
  our enemies are often let go without consequences for their actions , no matter that they were equally bad or worse than our own . 
  and it 's this that erodes my capacity for empathy , it 's this kind of behavior that keeps on tilting people towards `` well , if they say we are like that and no other , why not become it ? '', 
  and then people act surprised that it happened in the first place . 
  terrorists kidnapped innocent people . 
  they tortured them . 
  killed them . 
  harvested their organs while they were still alive and awake . 
  set up roadblocks in the night and ambushed people on their way to their families or wherever else . 
  they invaded people 's homes at nights , took and raped and killed and pillaged and destroyed . 
  these same terrorists walk free and stand with heads held high . 
  they get lauded as freedom fighters . 
  and yet it 's only us that get judged guilty , only us that get tried and looked down upon , as if our side is the only that did bad things . 
  do you get my point now ? 
  do you understand why i hate this injustice so much ? 
   you lost all right to kosovo and metohija when you ethnically cleansed men , women , and children . 
  why are you talking about yourself in second person ? 
   you lost all right to kosovo and metohija when you left it completely underdeveloped compared to the rest ofserbia . 
  a country does not lose a part of it because of temporary neglect due to whomever was in power at the time . 
  otherwise , your whole country would be forfeit to serbia and greece . 
   we were ( maybe teeth clenchend ) allies back then . 
  oh i know . 
  that 's why it 's so weird seeing the state of us today . 
   justifying killings of innocent people and atrocities is beyond my understanding of human nature . 
  who 's justifying anything ? 
  i was telling you that these things do n't happen in a vacuum . 
  by the way , i see that you 're not keen on accepting responsibility and owning up for what your side did . 
  all talk , no walk , as they say . 
   your are a child raised in hate towards my people or you may be one of those paramilitary and thugs who captured me therefore your freudian acceptance of guilt . 
  i 'm neither . 
  and i feel absolutely no guilt for what happened to you ( provided it even happened in the first place , given that you 're not even willing to say when and where this supposed massacre happened ) as i had no hand in doing any of those things . 
  i can condemn injustice and wrong and atrocities , but i will most certainly not shoulder some kind of guilt that you 'd shove on my back , while walking lightfooted and oh so removed from culpability yourself . 
  where is your sympathy for serb victims of albanian/uck terrorism ? 
  none . 
  you even go on to deny it being a terrorist organization . 
  you 're not actually willing to talk about all those that did wrong , merely the serb portion of them . 
  what exactly is this mythical `` step further '' ? 
   no one uses the illyrian ancestral connection as their reason for believing in `` greater albania '', 
  evidence begs to differ . 
  there is quite a vocal group of albanians to be found almost anywhere where there 's a comment section - be it a youtube video or a news article on yahoo or wherever else possible . 
   this talk about maps and empires and wanting stuff to be resotred is nonsense, 
  if you did n't get that part was a joke , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  when i see albanians making those steps , i 'll act then , and not a minute sooner . 
  when all their criminals and terrorists who committed all those atrocities and crimes in kosovo and metohija are tried and judged fairly , then we can truly begin a discussion on the subject . 
  otherwise , why keep sending our own people to foreign and clearly biased tribunals when all the others get away scot-free ? 
  holding only one side accountable for the troubles back then is going to breed resentment , bitterness and hate . 
   that is not up to albanians to decide who ends up on tribunals . 
  i did n't imply that it was .
