   maybe you should look at the people who have power over that and maybe even as to why that is not happening . 
  because it 's in their own selfish interests , simple as that . 
  it 's not about them having affection for albanians , so much as serbs being conveniently used for whatever purposes they have . 
   the world does not have a grudge against serbia specifically, 
  it does n't , but strangely enough whenever the local conflicts flare up , somehow we 're the only bad guy in the picture , while everyone else is apparently a sweet little angel , innocent of any and all wrong doing . 
   holding grudges for decades is not the right choice, 
  it 's not a grudge . 
  it 's an injustice and i abhor those . 
  injustices should never be forgotten and all wrongs should be righted , no matter who/which side did them . 
  if you wo n't hold both sides accountable for their wrong doings , then you are only creating a scenario for a potential future where the always vilified one gets sick and tired of being shat on all the time and just goes out the violent way , because what is there to lose , since you 'll always be the villain of the story ? 
   after all whatever happens in those tribunals , the dead from both sides are gone and the pain ca n't be taken back . 
  tell you what , let 's see serbs let off easily , with the proverbial slap on the wrist , or just let go without a trial of any sorts , while albanians get paraded in courts for years and years . 
  it 's not about the tribunals themselves , it 's about the world they represent and how they pretend no one else did any wrong , whereas we are to be held accountable , always . 
  kosovo and metohija have been a part of serbia for a long , long time . 
  there might be some troubles surrounding it currently , but it will be resolved properly eventually . 
  not now , certainly , while we 're still a playground for major foreign powers , but eventually . 
   but would n't it be nice if i , as a serb , could visit monasteries in kosovo freely ? 
  if you leave it to the albanians , there wo n't be any monasteries or churches left to visit . 
  `` great albany '' i naravno `` we wuz illyrians and sheeit '' . 
  it 's going to take seeing it happen before i actually believe albanians are willing to do what it takes to settle the matter and put wrongs to right . 
  i 'm certainly not going to hold my breath for that to happen though . 
  i do n't hold anything against the whole of albanian people , just the ones pretending that they did nothing wrong and only we are to blame for the mess back then . 
   because it is not a terrorist organization . 
  0/10 troll harder next time . 
   but to think that this apointment is happening in a country where gay people have been beaten up in the street a few years back , it is just incredible . 
  change is incremental and this is an awsome increment . 
  holy fuck , how naive are you ? 
  she 's nothing more than a puppet for the fucker in charge who got that way through intimidation , bribery , violence and fraud . 
  she 's just a way to score some brownie points with the eu , while she 's completely at his whim and utterly powerless to make any decisions on her own . 
  that you sincerely believe she has the chance to change anything or that her appointment means anything beyond the most shallow thing you can imagine is worrying if you actually grew up in the balkans . 
  these kinds of things in politics never happen without reason . 
  [ the last night ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pupdeq1movw ), 
   fan page, 
  se\u0107am se kad sam prvi put video kako su ocenili hook sa dustin hoffman-om , a film je ba\u0161 super . 
  which can be completely random and does n't make sense 99 % of the time . 
   we ca n't just exterminate them or push them out because that would be a really douchy thing to do . 
  why care about that though ? 
  i mean , looking from past experiences , being nice has brought us nothing but trouble . 
  coexistence/cohabitation only works for a short time and then things go sour . 
  note , i am not advocating ethnic cleansing or genocide , just discussing the validity of such a move . 
  surely it could n't be worse than the current situation , could it ? 
  provided you remove the major foreign powers taking a shit in our backyard , that is . 
  uff , sunless sea je neprevazi\u0111eno dobra igra . 
  sad su samo pare problem . 
  hvala !, 
  da on proda , a da mu ne seru . 
  hvala !, 
  evo sada , opet \u010ditam american psycho , the club dumas ( po tome su napravili onaj film sa d\u017eoni depom , the ninth gate ) , elric - the stealer of souls , nightwings i firefall od peter watts-a . 
  kad zavr\u0161im firefall , opet uzimam book of the new sun da \u010ditam . 
  to je sve kopilad . 
  ja se za sad mislim da uzmem [ western digital ] ( http://www.itsvet.com/hard_disk_western_digital_elements_desktop_wdbwlg0030hbk-pdaa1-40.i?id=3313 ) . 
   we wo n't judge ya off one ( fairly reasonably ) pissed off boyfriend, 
  should n't you judge the cheating girl that your friend slept with , rather than the man who got cheated on ? 
  his reaction is understandable , after all . 
  not to mention , she most likely spun him some bullshit about the encounter , so chances are likely he does n't even know the full truth about what went on . 
   him being pissed off at the dude rather than his woman is not . 
  oh , i agree with you on this . 
  i never really understood the purpose of hating on someone who had no idea the person they were getting involved with was in a relationship . 
  not to mention the hypocrisy of how violence towards men who were participants in the cheating is tolerated and even expected , whereas if you do that to a woman , you 're to be considered a monster by everyone . 
  to clarify , i do n't think you should hit either , i just dislike the general bullshit and double standards . 
  od njih nema vajda . 
  ko to tamo peva, 
  to je tako oduvek . 
   bez trunke neciste krvi, 
   island, 
  no , hvala za smeh . 
  ne vidim u \u010demu je problem , ba\u0161 se lako izgovara . 
   serb spies, 
  what ? 
  kupio sam pro\u0161li petak heart of darkness od joseph conrad na bookdepository . 
  blago tebi . 
   pravila rata, 
  slede\u0107e na listi je the night land . 
  ~ money 2, 
  dokle se sve to trpeti ? 
   okupiranog, 
  civili su vr\u0161ili okupaciju , jel te ? 
   while it is true that this poster exists , it was not displayed the united states holocaust memorial museum , and has since been removed from its gift shop . 
  it was from a gift shop , but the signs themselves came from back in 2003 , by an amateur historian . 
  this was created during bush-era . 
  to ti tako ide oduvek . 
  iirc , they 're using it as a basis for the metaplot of v5 . 
   interpol je bio u bg-u, 
  ftfy, 
  shadowrun : hong kong , dragon 's dogma , resident evil hd , re 0 hd , endless legend , xcom enemy unknown , total war : attila + shogun 2 , remember me , mad max , hard west , expeditions : conquistador , dying light , the age of decadence , batman : origins + knight i obe darksiders igre - au jebote , \u0161ta sam se ja ovog leta sve nakupovao . 
  jok . 
  humble bundle zadnje sam uzeo tw : warhammer , a to je iz be\u0161e marta ili aprila . 
  ovo sve je preko gamesplanet , steam i bundlestars . 
  gp i bs su imali bolje letnje rasprodaje nego steam . 
  ma video narod skupljanje , ro\u0161tiljanje , muziku i zabavu i do\u0161li da u\u017eivaju za vikend . 
  da , da , i on se pojavio tamo . 
   ljudi, 
  avaj ti do sutra , bedo . 
  dobro , i ? 
  imam neki \u010dudan problem na firefox browseru \u0161to koristim . 
  ispitah ja u me\u0111uvremenu , neki bag sa ublock origin . 
   hug before going to fight ... 
   a thoughtful lady . 
  maybe he 's waiting for her knight ? 
  kek,
