  because people will be polite in this thread , and then a week or a month later , when something regarding kosovo and metohija or albania pops up in the local news , we will shittalk . 
  it 's an exercise in futility . 
  yes , i 'm well aware that neither serbia nor albania are monolithic entities , with no divergent opinions and beliefs among its people , but i just do n't see the point of acting friendly for one brief moment when it does n't hold up in the long run , given the situation with k&m . i really do wish we could live in peace , not fight each other or try to fuck over one another , but it 's just not realistic . 
  our countries ' interests tend to lie opposite each other . 
   but you also have to understand that we need communication . 
  i find that amusing , especially given that i was issued a temp ban now from / r/albania because of my question about a hypothetical situation regarding kosovo and metohija and my views on it as a part of serbia . 
  for those who do n't want to go through my post history , i was curious about the reaction of common people from albania if there was to be a mass exodus of albanians from kosovo and metohija . 
  no one answered the question and the replies i got is `` k&m is not serbia '' or something about `` great albania '' and having illyrian heritage . 
  even one of the mods replied `` keep dreaming '' in a pm , but granted i did send the mod team `` k&m is serbia '' in cyrillic after i got banned . 
  anyway , communication is all fine and dandy , but communication which avoids all the real issues is pointless . 
  yes , albania has beautiful scenery and as a person who prefers mountains to seaside , i would love to go there one day , and yes undoubtedly there are beautiful albanian girls i 'd like to get together with , and there are parts of your culture i might find appealing , but overall , the situation over k&m is going to be a sore topic , and just avoiding it or just saying to us `` let it go already '' is n't going to make things any better . 
   i do n't see why we could n't talk about controversial things and be polite at the same time . 
  okay , let 's say you have a serb and an albanian with opposed opinions on kosovo and metohija . 
  they both politely express themselves and ... then what ? 
  the issue is still there . 
  your polite , or otherwise , disagreement means absolutely nothing if the situation itself is still the same , still an unresolved issue . 
  this just proves my point . 
  we can be civil and polite , but it does n't solve anything . 
  that 's why i said this exchange is pointless . 
  as you say , you will either blow off some steam or you will be oh so polite and civil , both sides striving for the `` see , we can talk to each other '' mentality and it wo n't matter , none of it will . 
  this is of no consequences , no significance , just so someone could pat themselves on the back how great it was to talk with someone from albania/serbia . 
   alright , say they were n't polite in an otherwise same situation . 
  is the issue now resolved ? 
  nope . 
  did n't say , or imply , that it would be resolved with shouting or something like it . 
   but politeness allows for easier communication , simple as that . 
  when the communication keeps leading us into circles , what 's the point of it ? 
   the point ia to understand why they feel the way they feel . 
  why though ? 
  how will that help ? 
  their feelings are quite frankly irrelevant . 
   did you expect to resolve a issue about disputed territory on reddit ? 
  of course not . 
  but i did expect to see someone try to tackle the issue at least in a more mature way . 
  saying that we both want different things is not tackling the issue , that 's stating the obvious . 
   that issue will always be there until we both decide to let it go one way or another . 
  then you 'll be waiting until kingdom come , at least where i 'm concerned . 
   if germany and france , austria and italy , britain and france were able to get along and forget about their bloodshed and conflicts why ca n't we ? 
  i 'll be honest and say that i have no knowledge about their own territorial disputes in the past , but did they have something like kosovo & metohija happen to them in recent times ? 
  did a part of their country just illegally declare independence , even though it went against their constitution ? 
   what do you actually , personally get from this ? 
  from saying that kosovo and metohija is a part of serbia ? 
  nothing . 
  it 's just a fact . 
   other than an inflated sense of balkan pride ? 
  strangely enough , i never had that to begin with . 
  but i do have an , i suppose you could call it inflated , sense of right and wrong . 
  what happened - and what 's still happening and will continue for some unforeseen time - was wrong . 
   i assume very young, 
  i turn 30 this year . 
  dunno if that qualifies as very young for you . 
   dehumanizing the other group is what makes wars possible , and not-dehumanizing it makes war more difficult . 
  except people in past conflicts and wars , especially local-wise , were just fine with raising arms against their ( literal ) neighbors . 
   we are evolutionarily conditioned not to kill another human being, 
  ... you sure about that ? 
  because we 've been doing a splendid job for the past tens of thousands of years . 
   we are in a position to see the other person 's point of view, 
  why though ? 
  why should you care about that if it goes against your own interest/benefit ? 
  what benefit is there for you to know why someone from kosovo and metohija would prefer their illegal independence when it 's the factually wrong thing to do , an injustice ? 
  why should you entertain injustice and wrong as anything near reasonable or understandable ? 
  granted , as you say , we are not in a position to decide our own country 's fate , and that 's the biggest tragedy in it all . 
  world of darkness ( primera radi : vampire : the masquerade , dark ages : vampire , mage : the ascension ) nema . 
  what is he taking as the source material for this book ? 
  from which part of the world ? 
   evolution, 
  you lost me here completely . 
  elaborate , please . 
   history, 
  yet as sentient beings we can look at history and point out what was just and what was not . 
   there are guys with more/bigger guns and guys with less/smaller guns . 
  that 's might , i presume you 're going with `` might makes right '' and i 'm not disagreeing with that , but just because you can make it happen does not mean it should happen or be allowed to happen or that it is just . 
   well , there 's always the internet . 
  the same could be said for many things . 
  fail at them irl ? 
  pretend like you did n't online . 
  but did parts of their countries , which had a majority of non-native population , illegally declare independence and then receive support from foreign major powers even though it went against all reason ? 
  did any of this happen in the past 30-40 years ? 
  edit : oh and were any of those parts of their countries not only historically , but also culturally very important to the native people or were they places that were subjects of dispute ? 
   you wo n't get any of them on your side , and none of us will go over to theirs, 
  so why are you so adamant about talking with them to begin with , if it accomplishes nothing ? 
   what i suggested is the most you can hope for , and it is not a bad thing . 
  it 's not all that good either . 
  it 's just ... status quo . 
  i 'll probably read it if i can find a download for it somewhere . 
   both sides claim territory, 
  i mean , you can issue claims all you want , but that does n't put you in the right . 
  you have to look to every region and its history and the context of everything involved about it before arbitrarily chipping pieces of someone else 's country . 
  for a significant portion of history , albanians were n't the majority in kosovo and metohija . 
  there was a change during the later 1800s and more significantly during world war 2 , where during the occupation by the axis forces ethnic cleansing and forced resettlement of serbs happened , to be replaced by albanians who came in no small numbers . 
  and after the war was done , were those albanians who came in during the occupation evicted or forced out ? 
  so of course they established an even bigger presence during the next several decades while the previously persecuted serb population was not so quick to return and replenish their numbers . 
  so , you know , it 's not just like serbs became a minority there completely on its own . 
  but even putting that aside , the ludicrousy of a country splintering into pieces because the non-natives are in larger portions in some parts of it is just preposterous . 
  you 'd have every major country in the world being broken apart , given that there are always places where the natives do n't have numbers on their side . 
  ma jok , ima reprint fazon za neke od njih , samo nije veliki tira\u017e . 
  nope , just uncomfortable . 
  if i 'm going somewhere for vacation , i want to relax and not worry whether some shithead will try to hit me when i 'm not looking . 
  surprisingly , i never worried about that in croatia when i went there a few times , and you ca n't say that the past few decades between our two countries have been pretty . 
  we 're just going in circles here .
