  he was deliberately mean right from the get-go . 
  he ridiculed harry in front of the entire class with no reason whatsoever . 
  he had no reason to talk to harry about his fame , he did n't know harry , nor what harry himself thought about it . 
  harry did n't act in any way that would 've excused snape 's words . 
  no other teacher did that . 
  and the way in which snape said those things did n't leave any doubts at all . 
   sure severus was still an asshole , but it was n't just him , harry had his roll in it too . 
  i 'm not excusing it , just that there is more to it . 
  harry reacted to the way snape had been treating him from the very begining . 
  originally there 's no harry 's fault in this . 
  all that came later was a direct consequence of that first meeting which snape had just fucked up . 
  had he acted like a teacher should , harry probably would 've treated him like any other teacher . 
  snape made harry into his foe , not the other way around . 
  the rest was just self-fulfilling prophecy . 
   sirius wanted everyone to see that was n't like his family , but he was exactly like them . 
  what ? 
  a death eater ? 
  a voldemort 's lover ? 
  a dark magic fan ? 
  what you said here is not true at all and does not mean anything in the context . 
  and , what 's more , it 's just your opinion without any value to the question at hand , but you keep repeating those things . 
  you 're trying to make him into an altogether bad person so he 'd fit your narrative . 
  he was not . 
   also , revenge was more important than harry , so much that it clouded his judgement . 
  what revenge ? 
  when ? 
  you mean pettigrew ? 
  the confrontation that ended with sirius in azkaban or the second one in the shrieking shack ? 
  none of this could be treated as a proof that * revenge was more important than harry * . 
  any sane person would be overwhelmed in such situations , let alone someone who , as we argue here , was reckless and impulsive . 
  and he lost his life trying to save harry , in case you 'd forgotten . 
   he was just as much of an asshole as severus . 
  oh , something we can agree on !, 
  they were worth each other with that grudge holding business . 
  but then again , arsehole does not equal murderer . 
   sirius used remus affliction which could have killed or worse turn severus . 
  sirius thought it was a laugh , tell me is it really just a prank when it could have cost two people their lives . 
  that 's an argument that he did n't think and just acted . 
  from what we know about him from the books we know that it was more possible for him to act recklessly than to deliberately hurt his friends . 
  he could n't have thought about that situation he 'd put remus in as * a laugh * , that leaves one option . 
  he did n't think . 
  had he stopped and gave it a thought , he 'd have realised the precarious role of remus ' in all of this . 
  we know he would n't have done that to remus on purpose . 
  there 's a whole book about sirius and that traitor issue , remember ? 
  that 's the least far-fetched option in this whole mess , but you keep arguing that your perceptions are more agreeable . 
  and james ' actions only support this version , but you say it does n't matter because of what you think james was thinking ... and what happened to your previous version that james was in on it ? 
  i said what i think he was thinking too , but my version is preceded by an actual action from the book , and agreeable with persons ' characters as we came to know them from the novel , not mostly opposite just to fit my story . 
  all in all , nothing you said here , gives any proof to your opinion that sirius acted deliberatley * to kill * snape , nor that james was his accomplice . 
  this discussion is senseless . 
  oh , and thanks for the downvotes , in case you did n't know , downvotes are for things that do not bring any value to a discussion , not for things that do not fit your version . 
  i did not downvote you . 
  cheers . 
   nothing worse when something i love stops midway . 
  honestly ? 
  when something is exceptionally well written i would read it even knowing full well it 's not , and wo n't be , finished . 
  i actually did on a few occasions , other things by those writers were so good i just dived into the story to indulge some more . 
  sure there was a sudden heartbreak but it was totally worth it . 
  i just download nearly everything i 've read and keep it in a nice multilayered folder on my computer ( sorted by the author ) , and a backup copy on an external drive , just to be safe . 
  when i really love a particular author i may download straight away all of their works from whichever fandoms interest me to be sure i 'll be able to read them later ... what can i say , i may be paranoid , favourite stories/authors disappearing from ff.net a few years back taught me that 's a good idea . 
  came in handy when they had this brilliant idea to cut out a gazillion m-rated stories somewhere around 2012/2013 . 
  and there 's no problem with finding out if i 've already read something , also limited options when i try to find something i liked when i do n't remember what/whose it was . 
  just has to be there somewhere . 
  it 's all in pdf , the other day i was able to find a story just by a single sentence i remembered . 
  but that 's just a storage , i read/reread stuff almost exclusively online , unless it 's not there anymore ... 
  i read mostly on my phone , so i just keep adding stuff to bookmarks in a browser and then once in a while i 'll download them all in one sitting , clear bookmarks , rinse and repeat . 
  i also keep a list of favourite authors in bookmarks . 
  and , i kid you not , i just keep a notebook ( as in pen and paper ) to write down particular pairings/events/variants . 
  but that 's a kind of a * best of * list , not everything . 
  it was the best i was able to come up with without the need to duplicate files . 
  i do n't like to keep my stuff online , not even lists ( goodbye , tags !, 
  ) , and when it was down to a word file i just wrote that shit down . 
  i find it easier that way , and i like to leaf through it from time to time - i 'm the person who still buys cds in 2015 , if you know what i mean . 
  it may be weird and a handful but it works surprisingly well . 
  i thought about using one of those programs that let you catalogue books but i 've never given it any try , i 'm not even sure if it 's doable with fanfiction . 
  just a thought . 
  andromeda was a slytherin . 
  and i might have read too much fanfiction but was n't moody also ? 
  well , there 's the * holy trinity * but 2/3 were already mentioned ... but i have to because i love them :, 
  * `` it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies , but just as much to stand up to our friends . '' *, 
  -- dumbledore , philosopher 's stone, 
  * `` it is our choices that show what we truly are , far more than our abilities . 
  -- dumbledore , chamber of secrets, 
  * `` of course it is happening inside your head , harry , but why on earth should that mean that it is not real . 
  -- dumbledore , deathly hallows, 
  i also like the sentiment but not the wording of * `` what you fear most of all is -- fear . 
  very wise ... '' * -- lupin , prisoner of azkaban, 
  and for good measure : * `` have a biscuit , potter . '' * -- mcgonagall , order of the phoenix, 
  i feel like sirius is the character that got robbed the most in the entire series . 
  every other person had something good happening to them , their own personal moment of awesome , or just a little happiness eventually . 
  sirius got none . 
  was dealt a rather questionable start . 
  while school was great the fact that he had to put up with his family till he was sixteen makes it not so great after all . 
  not to mention the traitorous * friend * who tarnished the memory of the good times and caused all the rest . 
  then war happened . 
  his life was wasted due to eleven years of unjust imprisonment . 
  he spent a year on the run without a single person on his side only so that his sole chance of exoneration literally ran away , what enabled a new war . 
  got traded one prison for another . 
  and then he died . 
  * fin . 
  it pisses me to no end .
