  james and peter did n't know , sirius did n't stop and think about remus ' position in this situation . 
  for all we know he just blurted on a whim to snape : * hey , go to the willow , push that knag , there 's a tunnel . 
  * done . 
  canon says that sirius told james what he 'd done and then james ran off to warn snape . 
  he would n't have volunteered that information if he 'd wanted to kill snape . 
  we know sirius was intelligent . 
  had * the prank * been planned , he woulnd ' t have made such a mistake , endangering james in the process . 
  there 's only one option left . 
  he just did n't think . 
  ** edit : ** \u00e0 propos that part of my comment you quoted and i failed to respond , sorry , i just went on with my reasoning . 
  i meant that in a kind of unconscious kind of way . 
  like if sirius just did n't consider that particular werewolf a serious threat , for the reasons i mentioned . 
  i perceive the whole thing as a not-thought-through so the part where i said what he could 've thought is not really thinking in any reliable manner . 
  like it 's an axiom to him that remus is scary but would n't kill . 
  or more probably the killing part did n't even enter that * thought * . 
  does that make any sense ? 
  the fact that snape believes something does n't make it true . 
  snape was proven to be biased and a bully as an adult , not just in his youth . 
  and that towards his students and not his equals . 
  he projected his grudge onto an innocent boy whom he 'd never even met before . 
  and dumbledore * alludes * ? 
  so snape 's believes are important but dumbledore 's are not ? 
  that 's biased . 
  and snape himself still told harry about a terrible prank with potentially tragic outcome and not an attempted murder . 
   sirius knew exactly what he was doing, 
  nowhere in the books there 's evidence to prove that statement . 
  nearly nothing to led as to believe that either , but there 's quite a few to the opposite . 
  and the rest of the comment just shows which side you 're partial to . 
  sure , i 'm biased to the other one too , but i backed my statements with what the books say ( if not in that comment , then in the next one ) , opinions followed later . 
  and the assumption that james was in on it does n't make any sense . 
  we know from the canon that sirius told james what he 'd done and then james ran off to warn snape . 
  he would n't have volunteered that information if he 'd wanted to kill snape , and james would n't have ran after snape risking his own life , had he been in on it . 
  let alone succeeded . 
  and if you say that that was the plan then there goes your * premeditated murder plot * . 
  those are facts . 
   he betrayed his friend to do it . 
  have we read the same book ? 
  i thought the question of sirius betraying his best friends became a settled issue a long time ago . 
  and , for the record , i like snape , he 's one of my favourite characters , but painting others , well , * black * and whitewashing him runs to the contrary of everything those books show/teach us . 
  that things are all kinds of gray and not black and white . 
  people need to stop making snape into some kind of a martyr . 
  or , if they wo n't , they should give the same treatment to others . 
  it 's a common occurence to forgive snape everything he 's done but at the same time minutely recount every thing to others , and that while assuming the worst intentions . 
  not fair , nor logical . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  just happened . 
  and harry , and a behaviour unworthy of a teacher towards hermione on a few occasions . 
  not to mention he was prejudiced towards harry from the get-go . 
   why would james save severus ? 
  because he realized the full consequences right away while sirius did n't ? 
  because he did n't think about snape but just a human in danger ? 
  and a danger caused by his own friend at that ? 
  and it is totally irrelevant * why * . 
  he * did * . 
  that 's what matters . 
  you ca n't diminish his deed just on your percived motivations of his actions . 
  james * saved * snape , period . 
  and if snape had died as a result of this action , analogically , it would 've been true that sirius killed snape , regardless of his intentions . 
  but he had n't died , and the question is different . 
  snape could 've died and it still could be true that it had not been deliberate on sirius ' part . 
   it was remus ' life that was worth anything to james, 
  * even if * , does n't change the fact that severus lived . 
  but then again , you ca n't be sure . 
  snape was the more possible victim here and james took off right away . 
  he did n't have much time for such deliberations . 
  he realized someone could end up dead and ran to save them . 
  for all you know he could 've been thinking about saving sirius , not snape , nor remus . 
  book does n't say what was he thinking . 
  and it does not matter . 
   evidence is in the book, 
  remus ' life more important ? 
  sure , beloved friend vs hated enemy , a safe bet . 
  but you ca n't compare bullying to a murder , we have evidence that james bullied him , even hated him , not that he seriously wanted him dead . 
  there are few people that i 'd like to punch , hurt or even make suffer , but i 'd never ever wish them death . 
  i 'm just not that kind of a person . 
  and from what we know about james potter he was n't either . 
  quite the opposite , we know he ran to save a life . 
  that is was a life he hated is secondary in this case . 
  why are you trying so hard to disregard this ? 
   dumbledore tells harry about the supposed life debt severus owes james , but we know that 's not true at all . 
  severus ' motivation was all for lily . 
  that has absolutely nothing to do with our topic here . 
  and it 's a logical fallacy . 
  you made it sound as if snape 's motivation was supposed to be a direct consequence of james ' action , and your proof is it was n't james but lily so it 's not true snape owes james . 
  * what ? 
  these two things are not mutually excluding . 
  * supposed life deb ? 
  * snape owed james his life . 
  that 's a fact . 
  and that his motivation was lily , that 's another . 
  lily as snape 's motivation has nothing to do with the willow incident . 
   we do n't have proof that severus a bully , but we have evidence that he was a victim . 
  such circumstances helped shape the man we know through harry 's eyes . 
  oh , but we do . 
  remus said so . 
  you take severus ' words for granted but anyone else 's are no proof ? 
  and lupin 's the most trustworthy person in this whole affair , especially since he was the one to admit they did n't treat snape fair . 
  and sure it had shaped snape , does n't change the fact that he as a teacher should n't have let it shape his relation with a child who did n't even remember james . 
   snape 's introduction can be taken two ways , one of which can be seen as telling harry that he did n't care about his fame , that it wo n't get him out of jackshit with him . 
  no , it really ca n't .
