  i made my post because wanted to make a list of important places around kiev , that might be of interest later . 
  do you have knowledge of the purpose of the building , i 'm curious about it 's use . 
  i wish we could make a map that shows which building is what . 
  [ here 's the parliament building ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/j8vei ) edit : [ here 's the presidential palace ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/dwolh ) , which is situated just besides of the parliament nuilding . 
  edit : [ national bank of ukraine ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/i2kbq ) [ ukraine ministry of defense ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/mrfqk ) [ ukraine ministry of foreign affairs ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/olqux ) [ ukraine supreme court ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/zdy4l ) [ russian embassy in kiev ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/na2zq ) [ list of ( possible ) hospitals in kiev ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/gqajg ), 
  although ukraine is n't part of eu , i feel that we are responsible to intervene if the situation escalates and of course trough non violent means if not something immensely inhumane happends, 
  you have missed j\u00e4mtland in sweden . 
  they have even claimed their own president . 
  here is their flag : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/09/unofficial_flag_of_jamtland.svg, 
  forget it . 
  we need bornholm from you danes too . 
  estonia had swedish speaking regions until the early 20th century as a side note . 
  now only a few if any speak swedish in estonia . 
  it 's a little sad . 
  the word `` norrbaggar '' would translate to english as `` northern rams '' or `` nordic rams '', 
  norway and in second place denmark . 
  i prefer the danish culture , but they are harder to understand verbally . 
  and we 're geographically conjoined with norway , so it seems natural too . 
  i 'm curious to know what the finnish gypsies think about their romanian counter parts , do you have any idea about what their opinions are on them ? 
  tell me about it , you ca n't go anywhere without seeing them . 
  i live in a surburb of stockholm and we had about 30 gypsies living in a tunnel cramped together . 
  the tunnel is situated between my suburb and the metro station , it got so bad that most people took the bus home and to work instead of just walking as they used , which would take around five minutes if they would . 
  i do n't know where they live now , but the women still beg in every street corner while the men yell at their women or just hang out at subway , mcdonalds or some other place drinking coffee or relaxing . 
  i 'm getting really allergic to their standard phrases they repeat in infinitum . 
  people are vocal about it , but good luck getting your opinions to appear in the media . 
  you ca n't do anything . 
  if you are n't for free movement you are a racist . 
  everyone has a right to live in whichever country they want , suppressing free movement is fascism according to the mainstream view . 
  swedes are entitled and ca n't relate how it feels to be a refugee since we have n't been in a war for 200 + years . 
  this is sort of the sentiment media and the policy makers have . 
  there are even plans to make immigrants get a special housing queue in which a certain percentage of the rental housing market will be exclusively for immigrants because the queues are 10 + years for everyone . 
  this is while students have to camp outside of their universities because of the housing shortage . 
  edit : adding this too , some politicians on the left wing has even stated that sweden has no unique culture . 
  therefor they state that there is n't any culture that has to be preserved . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  tensta is n't as bad as say rinkeyby . 
  there are people in tensta that has been there for 20 , 30 or 40 years , people there are better integrated than say rinkeby . 
  but they are side by side so it spills over both ways . 
  yes , that is the main issue , what i meant was that i dislike the proportions primarily . 
  it 's hurting to not being able to feel at home anymore , and not being able to understand other peoples mindset . 
  i do n't want to live in little mogadishu . 
  last summer i got interrogated by some muslim teenage boys . 
  they were saying stuff like this `` do you really believe that monkeys and humans had sex and that 's why we are humans ? '', 
  and `` who do you think are the strongest someone who eats chicken or pork '' and some other stuff . 
  i just went out for grocery shopping , i live in stockholm by the way . 
  the majority of the people i encountered on my way to the store and from the store were from somalia , after that the second largest group was immigrants from the middle east . 
  perhaps ten percent of the people i encountered looked european . 
  i do n't care about what religion people have nor their ethnicity but when you ca n't associate with the people you live around , it causes divides . 
  when it is more common to hear some african language or arabic than swedish i do n't feel at home anymore . 
  i try to say hello to some of these neighbours but half of them does n't even reply but instead look at me suspiciously and angrily . 
  it depends , sweden was way more relaxed about drugs in the 60-70 's but there was a swedish psychiatrist named nils bejerot that stipulated a theory which claimed addictions and drugs causes epidemics drug use . 
  that it would spread like a wild fire to whole families and friends . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nils_bejerot then in the early 90 's the swedish government made it illegal to have narcotics in your blood . 
  so if you were to smoke cannabis and then a day later the police decides to stop you and claim that you look under the influence they have the right to force you to leave either a urine sample or if you refuse that they will offer to take a blood sample instead . 
  if it tests positive you will get a fine . 
  there is this common perception here in sweden that cannabis is a gateway drug which would cause you to start with heavier substances and that cannabis gives you psychosis and causes schizophrenia . 
  i would argue that the reason behind it is the stigmatization of the use which increases the paranoia of the user . 
  it is n't particularly controversial to smoke cannabis here anymore though , it depends more on what social class you belong to , how often you smoke and most importantly the age of the population . 
  people porn in the 30 's -40 's are really conservative , those born in the 50 's are more split in to two camps . 
  younger people are often more positive of it . 
  edit : i would say that cannabis is really common here , it 's just that people do n't show off about it , because of the risks and the stigmatization , so it happens more low key . 
  my parents were about to book ticket for this trip , i ca n't fully remember why they stayed at home . 
  i think my little brother might have been ill or something . 
  i was 6 at the time . 
  i 'm glad they did n't take it as i would n't have been here then . 
  i get what you mean . 
  way to suit the answer after your narrative . 
  i do n't know the turkish etymology , but i 'm sure the country is named after hindus , which comes from the indus valley , i 'm almost certain it was n't named hindustan due to the bird . 
  what is the bird called in india ? 
  what do you call hindus ? 
  i thought hindistan meant land of hindus . 
  i 've never had problems in tensta neither . 
  i spent a lot of time there in my youth as i had friends living there . 
  this is nearby but some suburbs away . 
  it 's not like it happens everytime , just from time to time . 
  depending on the cashier and clientel . 
  it 's not an everyday occurence but it 's happend more than a couple occasions . 
  listen , both you and i know that it is n't even only about what people wear , it 's a full on assault on the western way of life . 
  when i go to the supermarket to buy groceries and there is a muslim cashier i get glares for buying pork . 
  we used to be able to eat whatever we liked in sweden . 
  now in muslim dominant areas people look at you with disgust for eating sausages made of pork , or any other pork dish . 
  if i buy sandwiches at subway with ham i get treated like i was some mental nut job who ate shit . 
  the veil and full face covered veils are just the start . 
  i 've seen more and more niqab wearers here in stockholm . 
  i think that ban is great . 
  this is misleading but funny . 
  there is no way we are giving up sk\u00e5ne again . 
  remake the map please . 
  * triggered *, 
  i welcome you , please annex us . 
  we need more german influence up here in sweden , everything has turned american . 
  we need you , liberate us !, 
  yeah , i was looking for a social liberal choice , could n't find one . 
  center is n't correct either , i had to go for socialist . 
  but it felt like a lie . 
  bad wording sorry , should have wrote forcing new laws . 
  the solution is n't imposing new laws , but rather engaging the people in the cause . 
  as far as my knowledge about the extensions of the rights for women , afro-americans , south africans , homosexuals and the list goes on . 
  all of their rights were incorporated due to activism by those that were oppressed , which gained support from the masses and eventually led to changes in the law . 
  a classic example in england is the strike at ford in dagenham , essex .
