sorry about that , i was hoping it would show as posted , but i should have done a search first - deleted it now , 
  https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.vg.no%2fnyheter%2futenriks%2fflyktningkrisen-i-europa%2fher-flykter-de-fra-flyktningleiren%2fa%2f23657960%2f&amp;edit-text= google translation ( + fixed ) : idomeni ( ap ) they have been chased out of iraq . 
  now , yezidi-families no longer dare to stay in the idomeni camp between greece and macedonia . 
  a few kilometers outside the camp at the border crossing idomeni , between greece and macedonia , a steady stream of families are walking across the fields . 
  with them they carry everything they own and have . 
  behind them lies the unofficial camp with an estimated 15,000 refugees and migrants who for two months have been waiting in vain for the border to open . 
  fear among women : many yezidi-women were taken as sex slaves by is and the fear of violence against women is high among this population group . 
  here awaits a family on a bus that will take them to a new camp , while more are being added in the background . 
  killed by is - in the camp we did not feel safe . 
  we are accused of being pagans who worship the devil and idols , says abed hassiqa ( 36 ) . 
  he is from sinjar in iraq , where thousands of yezidi people were killed , captured , or driven away by is in august 2014 . 
  tens of thousands have been displaced in neighboring countries since . 
  yezidism a religion that is influenced both by islam , christianity and zoroastrianism , and practiced primarily among kurds from iraq and syria . 
  as one of the most vulnerable groups of people from the wars in iraq and syria , they are especially scared , explains abed . 
  - we are fleeing from is , but we have experienced much of the same here . 
  almost all the other refugees are muslims and when they protest , and call on allah , it makes us anxious , says leyla merad ( 35 ) . 
  - many women of our people were taken as sex slaves by is-soldiers . 
  in the camp , there are many young men who are alone , and we are afraid that young girls from our people would be exposed to terrible things , she continues . 
  they have also been alarmed by the large protest that erupted on sunday , where 300 people were injured when refugees and migrants tried to cross the border into macedonia , and were stopped with tear gas and rubber bullets . 
  - we do not participate in the demonstrations , and we will not be exposed to more danger . 
  if we can live in a camp which is safer for us , we would rather move , explains abed . 
  getting own camp and they have received just such an from the german organization cyci , which is a support group for arab christians and yezidi people fleeing . 
  they have set up buses out of idomeni . 
  the greek state , which has a long-term goal of liquidating all tent camps near the border , has built a new camp for christians and yezidi people , named `` petra '' in the town katarini . 
  - we have transported a total of 1,070 people in two days , and the relief is great when they come to the new camp . 
  both because they feel safer , but also because the conditions in the camp is much better , says vanessa k\u00fcnetz in cyci to vg . 
  - what will happen to them afterwards , as the border still remains closed - will they remain in greece ? 
  - it 's unclear what 's ahead , but they would prefer to go to other countries . 
  yezidi people have been subjected to a genocide , something that the german government knows and acknowledges , so maybe they will come to germany says k\u00fcnetz . 
  jonas h\u00e5gensen , who works for msf , which accounts for most of the operations of the camp in idomeni , says he does not know about the conflicts between the groups reported above . 
  - when 15,000 people are living together under such conditions as found in idomeni , conflicts occur . 
  we have not examined whether the conflicts between specific groups of people , or more general , are a result of the enormous frustration many people feel , says h\u00e5gensen . 
  same thing happening in norway , with migrants crossing by bicycles . 
  then they banned bicycles and bought the scrapyard style cars , just to be able to cross the border `` legally '' and russia is now claiming they 're norway 's problem and refuse to take them back as they would be sent back to their home countries by russia . 
  there 's definitely some `` propaganda '' and scare tactics , as with most newspapers anywhere . 
  however , it is a surprisingly objective and opposing view of immigration , unlike most articles you would find in norwegian media . 
  it 's sort of turning into what 's happening in sweden , where it 's no pc to ask about immigration or pose questions that would seem critical . 
  however , as noted in the article , the program which provided the funds is no longer in use , so it does n't apply to recent rejections ( at least as far as we know / as is reported by the media ) . 
  i wish i could recommend more neutral newspapers in norway , but sadly they are all pretty much `` tainted '' . 
  aftenposten used to be quite objective and credible but they have also changed a bit over the past years . 
  my pleasure , but i only did some formatting . 
  google did the rest , 
  that 's right ... 
  the money is supposed to help them with settling in their home country , help with food , studies etc. 
  i 'm sorry that the article is in norwegian , so please find a roughly google translated article below :  teteghem ( vg ) rebwar muhamad awlla ( 29 ) says he got $ 6,000 by the norwegian authorities to return to iraq three years ago and that the money now helps him escape against britain . 
  `` i had been rejected on three applications for permanent residence in norway , and got the offer to get me six thousand dollars if i left norway voluntarily . 
  the money i saved , and now they are used to pay those who helped me here , says rebwar on sounding melbu dialect . '', 
  three years at the asylum reception center where has made a careful nordlending of him . 
  `` but i do not speak norwegian well anymore , he says . 
  but it holds for us , all the time he did not speak french or english . '', 
  vg meet him in a refugee camp in teteghem north of france . 
  here retrieves smugglers refugees middle of the night and takes them across the english channel to britain . 
  rebwar being , just like the other refugees vg talking , silent on the question whether there are smugglers who help him . 
  most people say they remember bad and do not want to talk about how they came to france . 
  `` i got help one i know at home in kirkuk , said kurd . '', 
  he is now waiting to be picked up to be transported to england . 
  `` someone will give me a lift and help me to england , says he . '', 
  `` who ? '', 
  `` i do not know . 
  they 're going to call me , he said . '', 
  we invite him out of the camp to a meal at mcdonald 's . 
  when he speaks better norwegian and memory gets a little better . 
  `` those who are talking about smugglers , or when or how they will be taken across the english channel , risk being killed '' , he said . 
  `` people have told me that those who pick us come into the tent at night . 
  illuminates your face , asking for your name , and so it 's off '' , says rebwar smuglerjakten : french police have increased efforts against british smugglers . 
  here campaigning in the camp , grande-synth outside dunkirk . 
  around 1,600 refugees dwells here , the conditions are dismal and now stands winter for the door . 
  vg has heard testimony that when smugglers controlled everything in the camp before the police began to patrol here a few weeks ago , the refugees were picked out and driven off in trucks around the clock . 
  now smugglers changed tactics . 
  in order not to attract attention are refugees who can pay the 5-6000 dollars as it is the final stage over to england costs , ushered into fast cars . 
  via ferry ports along the channel coast they are transported across the united kingdom . 
  `` is that how you want to get across ? '', 
  `` i do not know '' , he says . 
  got money to go maybe that 's it right . 
  but had rebwar known to the itinerary , it takes more than a big bag of chicken-nuggets to tell us . 
  the refugees are aware that the price for informing can be death . 
  the norwegian branch of the international organization for migration ( iom ) says to vg that persons from iraq who returned home with iom in 2012 , received a total sum of 6,300 dollars . 
  $ 1,800 was contact support , while the rest up to $ 4,500 was divided between residential support and support for education or training . 
  the support was part of irrini program which is now disused . 
  but who else can question and provide ( as close to as possible ) objective feedback regarding what is happening and bring it up on a world stage ? 
  i definitely agree that they 've done some shady stuff before , but just media and ngos are n't going to cause much change ... 
  translated : two elderly women have died friday afternoon after they were hit by a stolen car in valby park . 
  the women were walking on a trail when they were hit . 
  the collision occurred during a car chase , police said . 
  the getaway car that drove into the women , was driven by a 13 year old boy , along with a 15-year-old passenger . 
  due to their young ages , the cases have been handed over to social services , according to the central intelligence director henrik vedel , copenhagen police . 
  examined by independent authority after the initial police investigation , the independent police complaints authority ( dup ) became involved , due to their young ages . 
  dup becomes involved in cases where someone is killed or seriously injured as a result of police intervention or while the person is in police custody . 
  `` we sent a notification to investigators to the site to investigate the role of the police , as well our own job , says head rasmus blaabjerg from the dup . 
  police complaints authority received notification shortly after the accident on friday afternoon around 16.45 . 
  `` we got a call on our hotline about a very serious traffic accident in connection with a stolen car , which police had been originally reported in copenhagen southwest quarter and ended in valbyparken '' said rasmus bl\u00e5bjerg . 
  `` it ended in a tragic way that the car which the police were chasing and in which there were two very young men , ran over two women . 
  they were very badly injured and died shortly after , `` he says . 
  copenhagen police 's central intelligence director saturday said that the driver of the car is charged with having stolen a car and manslaughter , and that the passenger is charged with having participated . 
  because of their young age there will not be a criminal case against them , and they can not participate in hearings . 
  their cases have been handed over to social services . 
  indeed , it 's the google translation that screwed it up , 
  in english : https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.vg.no%2fnyheter%2futenriks%2fhellas%2f13-000-flyktninger-har-forsvunnet-fra-hellas%2fa%2f23871715%2f&amp;edit-text= chios ( ap ) despite closed borders : human smugglers still have lucrative days on the greek islands . 
  refugee crisis in europe among those who are discouraged and have weary faces that confront us in souda camp in chios , there is a small group of young , well-dressed men who stand out with broad smiles . 
  - do you see him with the red scarf ?
