yep . 
  now , here is michael bloomberg , the now former mayor of new york city , attempting to read prepared speeches in spanish : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9kmgramba0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdt-4yrt6yc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4elqmkj1pm at least he 's making an effort though : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg1syw6o4ak, 
  their own union , with blackjack and hookers ? 
  they 're stacking shipping containers , so it 's essentially lego minus the fun . 
  why , may i ask , is the black flag of anarchism your flair ? 
  and kodak had digital photography before everyone else . 
  i know this because i used to work with one of the [ former ] researchers that developed the technology ( who now no longer has a pension to get himself through retirement ) . 
  nokia and kodak are actually very much alike . 
  both on the forefront of technology for smartphones and digital photography , respectively . 
  yet , both held back on introducing the market to these technologies in their fullest senses in order to protect their strongest products at the time ( flip/slide phones and film ) . 
  similarly , both have suffered the consequences . 
  with any luck , nokia wo n't leave their former employees out to dry like kodak has once the going gets really tough . 
  joseph mccarthy, 
   a european car will always generate some degree of interest in america . 
  i see you 've never bought a car over here . 
  renault tried this already in the 1980s . 
  it was an abject failure . 
  cars from europe and/or asia need to either be of luxury quality/status or economical ( in the sense of being cheap and long-lived ) to succeed over here . 
  if they 're cheap and crap , they 'll go the way of renault . 
  `` this is a brandy . 
  it 's mexican but it 's surprisingly smooth . '', 
  - mexican - smooth pick one . 
  i think by `` countries '' he means the commonly accepted definition of a country and not the one unique to the british isles . 
  i was instructed not to smile for my passport photo nor my driver 's license photo ( ohio driver 's license ) . 
  but dutch , with a brooklyn accent ... 
  i ca n't imagine that the netherlands would be fine with this arrangement for too long . 
  now , do n't be silly . 
  new amsterdam will be doing the taking this time around . 
  imagine it now ; the netherlands with 100 % more new yorkers . 
   that may all be correct no , he 's full of it . 
  canadians refer to the us as `` america '' just as often as they refer to the us simply as `` the states . '', 
  he himself refers to stuff and people from the united states as `` american '' in his own post history quite often . 
  the united states and canada ( qu\u00e9bec \u00e9galement ) do not however . 
  ca n't blame them for not knowing who he was . 
  pretty sure he was pretty marginal in politics in norway beforehand . 
  but he was hitler 's bff !, 
  / s but no , quisling 's government as it was would not have been possible had hitler not been in power in germany and supported his coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  you did it again quisling . 
  myself and the seven others that downvoted your comment are in agreement ; you 're a xenophobic cunt . 
  the american boogeyman never fails you as a scapegoat , does it ? 
  blue jeans and pop music ... not sure europe is the cultural hegemon we 're looking at in this case . 
  ctrl + f `` nanjing '' or `` nanking '' only one apology from a former prime minister of japan in 2013 . 
  nothing from the end of the war up through 2012 . 
  no official japanese apologies taking full responsibility for the rape of nanking . 
  just silence . 
  japan has come a long way , but not nearly as far as germany . 
  to quote / u/harrysplinkett from yesterday :  '' [ if you really are trying to equate the soviet regime to the nazi regime , you need to seek medical attention . 
  or go to school . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1uvaey3.png ) '' he too did not understand why people do not like the soviet union . 
  he does n't want to keep his regime in line . 
  he likes it just the way it is . 
  go ahead , deny that the soviet regime was anything but purely evil . 
  soviets , nazis , quite different , but still both evil scum . 
  maybe if the every day russian would be willing to face up to their country 's soviet past much in the same way that the every day german has faced up to their country 's nazi past would i have an iota of sympathy for your point . 
  the display the other day of hammers and sickles alongside red banners in moscow the other day at the victory day parade was disgusting , great patriotic war history or not . 
  the silence if not support for putin 's actions in the past few weeks by the russian citizenry is no less disgusting . 
  first link appears to be broken . 
   even at the height of the imperial era , we would n't have been so presumptuous outside our own colonies . 
  you know , save that time that britain claimed extraterritorial rights over british subjects in china with the treaty of nanking following the first opium war . 
  maybe we could burn rob ford out of toronto for them while they do us that favor as well . 
  there is . 
   i also do n't think china , russia , ** us ** and canada would support it . 
  remember the maine . 
   first of all , you ca n't force countries to accept refugees . 
  what about the opinions of the citizens ? 
  what if they do n't want to be forced into a multicultural society ? 
  it 's the mass public that would be ultimately affected by a rise of refugees entering their towns and cities . 
   - / u/secretape someone from poland complaining about countries being `` forced into a multicultural society '' by migrants . 
  i thought i would never see the day . 
  over what territory ? 
  the gulf arab states are not flying goods over turkey , greece , or any other member of nato . 
  how about the eu takes a leading role in something for once instead of letting the us take the lead and bitching about the outcome in the end ? 
  jaruzelski clearly was part vampire . 
  it 's the only reasonable explanation why someone would ever wear sunglasses that ugly . 
  he needed to them to see in the sunlight ( given that his soulless vampire eyes could not adjust to sunlight ) and he could not check to see how he looked while wearing them in a mirror . 
  stop hurting their feelings !, 
  the europeans are the master race !, 
  they can do no wrong . 
  they are the most intellectual and technologically advanced people in the history of all space and time . 
  i 'll help that along by marrying a completely white/black/asian woman . 
  marrying a woman ( or a man ) based on my love for that person rather than their race sounds so much more appealing . 
  how are the roma doing ? 
  any nationalistic youth rape/murder any this evening ? 
  are you guys still pretending that they 're somehow `` not european ? '', 
  edit : i will return later . 
  got to go celebrate living in a country that does n't define its citizenship on the basis of ethnicity . 
  do n't know ? 
  would you like me to call my grandma ? 
  i 'm sure she can tell me how the extended family is doing . 
  africa is doing all right ? 
  that 's news to africa . 
  should we define the `` africa '' is doing alright by the best-off country in africa , the political powder keg that is egypt ? 
  nah , the croatians are . 
  they 're * so * innocent . 
  no croatians whatsoever living on land they stole from bosniak muslims . 
  hey , at least that is n't near as bad as that time europe colonized africa , stripped it of its resources , wiped out local african cultures and governments , and then abruptly left after just under a century and pretended nothing had ever happened other than building schools and railroads in the congo . 
  better than putting them in camps in the bosnian countryside . 
  in the 1860s . 
  but hey , at least we 're not letting african refugees sink to the bottom of the mediterranean rather than take them into our country . 
  and you guys have killed millions upon millions of your own in the name of doomed-to-fail ideologies in just a century .
