  if anyone can translate , that would be great !, 
  message :  hi isa  my name is emilia , i am 4 years old and i live in berlin in germany . 
  my best friend mia comes from the netherlands , just like you . 
  my favorite movie is frozen , my favorite food is chicken and rice , and i love to dance . 
  i heard you are sick , which makes me sad - i hope your mom , dad and big sister are giving you lots of love and candy . 
  sounds great !, 
  what would be an example of an armenian dish with pork ? 
   the food ... is amazing . 
  i still salivate thinking about it . 
  what was the food like ? 
  i do n't think i have ever had armenian food . 
  was it particularly different from turkish or persian food ? 
  turkish people , one question . 
  he seems to say nutty stuff all the time , so does the average turk think this is all above board ? 
  i 've been to turkey , and the people did n't seem so strange , but this motherfucker is always saying the craziest things , and yet he seems super popular . 
  what 's going on ? 
  that 's the berlin flag , so i do n't have any idea about lebanon . 
  how prevalent is salafism in bosnia ? 
  my wife is polish and she said that when we were in turkey she had no problems as long as she was with myself and our daughter , but as soon as she was by herself the leering of turkish men on the street was much more open and unpleasant . 
  she is in her mid-30 's and was not exactly dressed in a provocative way ( at least by european standards ) so i can imagine it would be much more unpleasant for younger women traveling on their own . 
   why would anyone pay more to stay in a less safe neighbourhoods ? 
  because in berlin these areas ( kreuzberg , friedrichshain , and neukoelln ) are the trendiest ones with the most going on ( bars , clubs , restaurants , etc ) . 
  there are other areas with relatively high crime in inner berlin that are n't trendy ( moabit and wedding ) , but even so the ` high crime ' areas of berlin ai n't exactly north philly . 
  communications are easier , travel is easier/cheaper , and also the message has gotten out that if you make it to europe you can stay . 
  plus more africans in europe means it is easier to disappear in the major cities , even if you do n't have papers . 
  exactly , people are starving in yemen : http://www.westport-news.com/news/medical/article/an-infant-s-5-month-life-points-to-hunger-s-7214299.php, 
  it was just a bunch of jokes about shit and piss and so on . 
  it seemed like he thought he was being really transgressive and radical , but it just felt like listening to a ten year-old boy getting stuck on a loop . 
  so at a certain point i looked at my wife and said `` do we stick around for more of this ? '', 
  and she said `` no ! '', 
  so off we went . 
  i saw him at the edinburgh festival five years ago and he was _ terrible _ - it 's the only time i 've ever walked out of a show part way through , but watching this makes me respect him a lot more ( and lol at the stone-faced fundamentalist fucks scattered around the audience ) . 
  thanks - that makes sense . 
  one of the salafists quoted in [ this article in the new yorker ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/08/31/the-other-france ) was a convert from a haitian background . 
   there were plenty of violent and criminal muslim black nationalist movements in the us during the 60s and the 70s but afaik they 've quieted down . 
  sure , but that was mostly nation of islam , right ? 
  as far as i am aware the noi is considered heretical by orthodox sunni muslims - have there been any salafist-jihadist groups dominated by african-american muslims ? 
  surprised that the ratio of converts is so high in france . 
  who is a typical convert to islam in france ? 
  in america most converts are african-american , but very few of them have gotten involved with international jihadism . 
  i 'm so sick of reading excuses about how mean europeans cause these assholes to join jihad . 
  there are lots of non-muslim non-european immigrants in europe , yet _ none _ of them commit terrorism against the native population . 
  they have the highest unemployment rate of any immigrants in the uk : http://www.londonspovertyprofile.org.uk/indicators/topics/work-and-worklessness/worklessness-by-gender-and-country-of-birth/, 
  english is pretty easy to get to a basic serviceable level , though , i think . 
  the profusion of tenses can be tricky for non-natives though . 
  [ we 've got the best lobsters , and they are _ yuge _ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cdb885zzcs ), 
  the mentality of the mob in action . 
  would roma beggars starve if they do n't get money ( genuine question ) ? 
  my understanding is that generally their begging is n't individual and opportunistic , but it is organized and money gets passed up the hierarchy from the street level and then it pays for huge gaudy houses for the big bosses , but i have no idea what happens to the street level beggars if they have a bad day . 
  looks like this was related to organized crime : http://www.berliner-zeitung.de/berlin/polizei/auto-in-charlottenburg-explodiert---toter-war-mehrfach-vorbestraft--23728420 key bit :  bei dem opfer handelt es sich demnach um einen 43-j\u00e4hrigen t\u00fcrken aus berlin . 
  translation :  the victim was a 43 year-old turk from berlin . 
  he was said to be a bodybuilder . 
  he was also convicted several times . 
  according to the spiegel online he was in the past convicted several times of drug dealing . 
  are there multiple attackers or just one ? 
   i 've wanted to try turkish food for so long . 
  b\u00f6rek looks delicious . 
  turkish food is fucking great . 
  they have so much delicious stuff besides kebabs ( and kebabs are really nice ! ), 
  - great breads and pastries ( sweet and savory ) , good cheeses , awesome breakfast spreads ( [ menemen ] ( http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2014/09/menemen-turkish-style-scrambled-eggs-tomatoes-chilies-recipe.html ) is a heavyweight champion of egg dishes ) , fantastic desserts , plus all kinds of excellent stuff with pilafs , fish , veggies , and beyond . 
  and [ sucuk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sujuk ) !, 
  fuck that 's delicious . 
   most people from outside of the uk calls it `` england '' . 
    it 's not correct and to be honest nobody gives a shit that 's definitely not true - there 's a subsection of scots who get deeply butthurt whenever someone confuses ` england ' with ` britain ' ( and makes the implicit statement that they are english ) . 
  setting fires is an excellent way to get your point across and get the general public on your side, 
  `` uber is a social game-changer , '' says prof thesmar . 
  `` starting a company is usually the best way for immigrants to integrate . 
  that 's what uber shows : if you make it easier for those youngsters to set up companies , it 's more efficient than any urban policy or state subsidies . '' driving change a bipartisan commission set up in 2007 by nicolas sarkozy , the centre-right former president , estimated that opening up the taxi market could yield 35,000 to 45,000 additional driver jobs in the paris region alone . 
  the new competition has boosted demand . 
  according to the national institute for statistics and economic studies , the revenues of the sector -- taxis and minicabs -- increased by 10 per cent between 2010 and 2015 . 
  that should be good news for fran\u00e7ois hollande , the socialist president who has vowed to curb record unemployment before next year or else abandon plans to seek re-election . 
  the trend also supports the push by emmanuel macron , the economy minister , to pull down barriers of overly protected sectors as a remedy to france 's two-tier job market . 
  yet , under pressure from lobbying by the taxis -- whose largest company , g7 , has long-established links with the socialist party -- there are plans to restrict the use of uber and other ride-hailing platforms . 
  if adopted , it would mean that people with criminal records , like baba , would be unable to obtain a licence . 
  a proposal to ban drivers operating under a collective transport licence from using the platforms threatens at least 7,000 jobs : the government insists the status , used by most drivers because it is cheaper and quicker to obtain than a minicab licence , can only apply when carrying between two and nine people , not just one . 
  `` uber 's success in the banlieues is a spontaneous response to decades of public policies that have failed to combat discrimination and boost job creation , '' says thomas kirszbaum , a sociologist at \u00c9cole normale sup\u00e9rieure de cachan . 
  `` and now , once again , we 're pondering measures that could have a disproportionate effect on an already vulnerable population . '' in countries where ethnic statistics are collected -- france does not -- such measures could be seen as discriminatory , he says . 
  mr landier and mr thesmar estimated that if uber drivers were to lose their jobs , more than 20 per cent of them would still be unemployed two years later . 
  for fouad baadache , a 23-year-old entrepreneur born to algerian parents , the latest clampdown could damage his business . 
  his 30 drivers , all employed under permanent contracts , could lose their jobs because they use the collective transport status . 
  one of them , who at 31 had never had a proper job , came to him in tears , he says . 
  `` the state has never done anything for us and against all odds we create actual jobs , '' says mr baadache , who lives in asni\u00e8res-sur-seine , northern paris . 
  `` now they want to prevent us from succeeding , they want to send us back to the banlieues . 
  the government does n't realise the situation is explosive . 
  it could be worse than in 2005 . '' regulation the government insists it is seeking to prevent the excesses of a rapidly expanding industry . 
  `` new forms of exploitation have emerged , '' ms lauro of planet adam says . 
  `` some drivers without a car and a licence can operate , but they sometimes have to work nonstop to barely cover their costs . '' the regulatory scrutiny is not unique to france . 
  in germany , italy and spain , courts have ordered bans on uber 's low-cost service . 
  uber drivers have been arrested in brussels and amsterdam , while curbs have been discussed in the uk . 
  unions have complained about the company 's policies towards workers . 
  in bobigny , ismael rakhmi , who goes with baba to attend prayers at the mosque , recalled that he had to work for 13 hours a day for six days to earn $ 1,900 a month -- a lower hourly wage than his previous six-month temporary job loading trucks at tnt . 
  because he had no licence and no car , he retained less than a third of each fare . 
  `` at tnt , i had two days of rest a week , '' he said . 
  mr rakhmi has applied for a minicab licence but has to wait longer now because of the clampdown . 
  uber 's decision to slash fares by 20 per cent in october was also painful , drivers say . 
  it hurt more than the repercussions of the paris terror attacks that killed 130 people in november , which led to parisians staying at home . 
  the benefits of uber cabs go beyond economics , the drivers say : they improve social cohesion at a time when france , divided over its muslim population , needs it badly . 
  `` it 's two worlds meeting at last , '' says joseph francois , who heads one of the largest minicab companies with 140 drivers . 
  `` you 've got young people from the suburbs transporting parisian lawyers from neuilly , artists , people coming from china or australia . 
  all of a sudden , social barriers and prejudices vanish .
