  i used to live there and i think scotland is great , but i guess i am skeptical about the idea that scotland would psychologically handle an english level of immigration better , given that this is somewhere that struggled so much in absorbing irish immigrants in the past ( to the point where football teams have an inherited sectarian ` identity ' ) . 
  maybe i am wrong , though !, 
  i 'm not happy about it . 
  but that will be what happens . 
  the germans have a golden opportunity to stick the knife in now . 
  banks to frankfurt , big tech firms to berlin , hamburg and munich . 
  note : i am a uk citizen and voted remain . 
  nice example of a misleading chart in the middle - it looks pretty dramatic until you realize that the y-axis is covering a small range . 
  also relevant : https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/may/29/roberto-saviano-london-is-heart-of-global-financial-corruption  the financial services industry based in the city of london facilitates a system that makes the uk the most corrupt nation in the world , the anti-mafia journalist roberto saviano said at the hay festival . 
   saviano , who has been living under armed police guard for more than 10 years after writing an expose of the neapolitan camorra , said london 's banking institutions were key components of `` criminal capitalism '' , which laundered drug money through the offshore networks ...  `` leaving the eu means allowing the qatari societies , the mexican cartels , the russia mafia to gain even more power , '' he said , highlighting the fact hsbc had paid $ 1.9 bn in fines to the us government for financial irregularities in dealing with money that had come from cartels . 
   he added : `` we have proof , we have evidence . 
  today , the criminal economy is bigger than the legal economy . 
  drug trafficking eclipses the revenue of oil firms . 
  cocaine is a # 300bn-a-year business . 
  criminal capitalism is capitalism without rules . 
  mafia and organised crime does not abide by the rule of law -- and most financial companies who reside offshore are exactly the same . '', 
  it depends on your background , of course , i 'm sure there 's plenty of people in germany who 've never left - when i went to university in edinburgh one of my flatmates in the first year was from inverness and the furthest south he 'd ever been at the time was newcastle . 
   sympathy probably is n't his goal as much as `` well if the us are allowed to fuck up countries then so can we '' . 
  i forgot what this behavior is called but you can see it in children all the time . 
  it 's called ` whataboutism ' and it 's a common russian propaganda technique . 
  caledonian road has some rough patches too , or at least it used to . 
  ps : that 's about as islington specific a username as it gets . 
  what is the general opinion of melania in slovenia ? 
  it 's still worth going , but if you want to avoid the crowds , probably better to go outside of june-august . 
  iceland is one of the most beautiful places i 've ever been . 
  it 's incredible . 
  here 's a picture i took on the way to thorsmork ; a massive mountain valley with a black volcanic plain and a river running through it : http://i.imgur.com/mz3gn1u.jpg, 
  this does n't surprise me - i was there in august ( same deal , stop over flying from north america back to europe ) and it was beautiful but basically every famous stop was rammed with tourists . 
  this was the approach to seljalandsfoss : http://i.imgur.com/1fpdxdr.jpg, 
  am i too late ? 
  what do you think of the finrg guys ? 
  well , it 's the guardian , so it is to be expected that it is biased . 
   ... or turkey . 
  or yemen . 
  you know , neighbouring countries with the same ( or similar ) culture and religion and still free from any war ? 
  just a side note , but yemen is at war , and millions are at risk of starving to death . 
  a lot of people illegally in america arrived on legal tourist visas and then overstayed , 40 % according to this article : http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2016/01/19/immigration-visa-overstays-department-of-homeland-security-report/79026708/, 
  according to another article , the prosecution wants him to be deported : https://www.google.de/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/iduskbn1ar0q4, 
  what 's the endgame for the akp with this kind of bullshit ? 
  that 's fine and all , but does n't that history mean that the press has a special duty to be unsentimental and hard-headed in such a situation ? 
  they failed their readers/viewers/listeners by not doing so - by spending so much time on internally-focused psychodrama about proving how welcoming germans are and how they have learned from the past , and so little on providing a more serious look at the people arriving and their cultural characteristics , which would have flowed into a more detailed analysis of the practical challenges of integrating them . 
   was the peak of the `` refugees welcome '' phenomenon in germany a mass hysteria ? 
  i 'm a foreigner living in germany and i maybe would n't use mass hysteria , but it was certainly a weird time . 
  the recent report that said that the media abandoned objectivity at the time for activism was pretty accurate , in my opinion . 
  see , i agree - those places sound nice . 
  would n't _ more _ of those kind of places be likely to thrive in a barcelona where businesses in the barri gotic were aimed more at local residents than at tourists coming off the cruise ships and looking to buy cheesy t-shirts and plastic sagrada familia models ? 
  thanks for the context , much appreciated . 
  true , but unfortunately the trend has been negative for foreign-language films in the us , driven by changes in the way films are distributed and consumed . 
  why is it so high in turkey ? 
  what do young neets do in turkey - rely on their families ? 
  work in the black/gray economy ? 
  but the barri gotic as it is right now is basically just a bunch of stores selling garbage aimed at tourists , so it would certainly change . 
  would it be so bad though ? 
  how does the average barcelona resident benefit from such a high concentration of bad fast food joints and stores selling ugly t-shirts ? 
  sure - in any case the pakistani workers only bought the mills a few extra years , maximum . 
   i 'd like to note that `` popular '' is relative , because i 've never seen somebody be nude in public ( besides the occasional topless sunbathing woman ) , nor have i ever seen an fkk beach . 
  really ? 
  if you go to a lake anywhere near berlin on a hot summer 's day you are pretty much guaranteed to see at least some naked people . 
   over 60-70 % of british paks are mirpuri descent from this migratory wave . 
  imagine growing up as a lowly villager in azad kashmir and then bought suddenly to the uk , a country with radically different customs , to work in textile , steel etc factories . 
  the working class population dislikes and shuns you , you become defensive about your culture and stay withdrawn . 
  from what i read in the book [ the british dream ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/david-goodhart-british-dream-immigration/dp/b00nbk9qow ) by david goodhart , many of the pakistanis in the northern mill towns were brought to work night shifts that native workers did n't want to do , so they did n't really interact much with the english working-class . 
  then those mills closed and they ended up working in their own community doing stuff like driving taxis at all pakistani firms , running newsagents , etc , and still not working alongside white britons . 
  my impression is that the pakistani community in london , which is n't as mirpuri and did n't originally arrive to do the same jobs , is less segregated and less insular than in places like luton , birmingham , bradford , leeds , etc. 
  as you note , the pakistani community in the us is a totally different kettle of fish . 
  context for anyone who is unfamiliar with the story : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-40843727, 
  does finland have a lot of anti-vaxxers ? 
  from the looks of this , i would guess not , but there are more anti-vaxxers here in germany ( at least in berlin ) than i thought there would be before i moved here . 
  this seems to be a bit of a similar situation to my wife - she is polish and speaks english fluently with a sort of generic southern english accent . 
  non-brits usually assume she is british if they hear her speaking english , but there are enough ` tells ' in the way she speaks ( accent and grammar ) for brits to know she is a non-native speaker . 
  same situation with this guy . 
  thanks for the quick answer !, 
  which sport ? 
  the french were allegedly doing that in iraq , although i guess it 's harder to do in france itself http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/other/frances-special-forces-hunt-french-militants-fighting-for-islamic-state/ar-bbbdks9, 
  `` joey , have you ever been in a turkish prison ? '', 
  that 's interesting - are the chinese the biggest immigrant group in milan ? 
  the italian city i know best is florence , where it seems like north africans are the largest immigrant group . 
  color me shocked that these three cunts are from birmingham . 
  12.6 million out of 18.6 million , so about 2/3 , see [ here ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/zahlenfakten/gesellschaftstaat/bevoelkerung/migrationintegration/migrationshintergrund/tabellen/migrationshintergrundstaatsangehoerigkeitstaatengruppen.html ) for an official source posted by / u/dfractalh - note that that contains turkey in europe , which is probably 3 to 4 million people . 
  ctrl + f ` asterix ' ... i am disappoint to rectify : http://www.en.vidarland.com/img/surrendeng.jpg, 
  what 's the deal with the hat on the guy on the right ? 
  i went to kiev a few times in my last job for work related trips ( visiting software developers ) and enjoyed it very much . 
  the people are pretty friendly , i had some decent meals , and there is some nice architecture and things to see . 
  plus it is very cheap compared to berlin !, 
  i would n't have gone if not for work , but i 'm glad that i had a chance to visit . 
  one thing i have learned from my masochistic habit of reading comments under facebook news articles from the economist , wall street journal etc is that turkey has some of the world 's most batshit insane nationalists . 
  they make brexiteers sound rational . 
  i took my wife a few years back just before christmas ( we left on christmas eve ) and there were still tourists ( of course ) but a pretty manageable number and it was possible to walk around and enjoy it without being overwhelmed . 
  the best time to visit venice is in the dead of winter when there are n't so many other tourists around . 
  `` if you ca n't handle me at my most haram , you do n't deserve me at my most halal . '', 
  immigrants from where - morocco ? 
  this is interesting - does the camorra sell the drugs directly or do they just act as wholesalers ? 
  i would guess the latter , so who are the end dealers that they sell to ? 
  lots of weed : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-38111945, 
  exactly . 
  anyone who 's ever been on a night out in a small british town will have seen exactly this kind of behavior . 
   if you live in a neighbourhood long enough you start to see the obvious ones - that d\u00f6ner shop where no one ever goes that stays open anyway , the pizza place that has closed and re-opened as a slightly different version 4 times , the `` mens club '' , the young guy sitting in front of the toilet as a `` cleaner '' all night in a random shitty bar . 
  i see exactly this in my neighborhood in berlin . 
  there are two doener places at the end of my street where it connects to a shopping street . 
  one is always busy with people , and the other one ... is n't .
