  in fact i think it has reopened three times in the three years we are here , never with much trade . 
  of course it also has the gambling machines inside . 
  so he is a convert ? 
  residents groups were complaining for years that the flats were dangerous and represented a fire risk : https://grenfellactiongroup.wordpress.com/2016/11/20/kctmo-playing-with-fire/, 
  postscript to this : richard dart was convicted of terrorism offences in 2013 https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/apr/25/british-muslim-convert-jailed-terrorism, 
  that 's down to the tabloid press making a big deal about romanians in recent years . 
  i would imagine that the average briton has basically very little idea about romania , and thinks that most romanians are roma and that romanian is a slavic language . 
  they never gave a shit about france , they just wanted their own foolish choice to be validated . 
  when i lived in scotland it always amused me when the summer came because the chavvy girls would suddenly start wearing low-cut tops so you could see the difference between their orange faces and white tits . 
  brits on holiday love to turn themselves a lovely shade of lobster . 
  here 's a temperature anomaly map , for context : http://pamola.um.maine.edu/fcst_frames/gfs-025deg/5-day/gfs-025deg_euro-lc_t2_anom_5-day.png original source : http://cci-reanalyzer.org/wx/5day/, 
  there are loads of young spaniards in london now . 
  the last time i was there there seemed to be more spanish people in service sector jobs than italians . 
   the jobs that poles and latvians did ten years ago ( when they were still , arguably , `` developing '' countries ) are now done by italian graduates . 
  spaniards , too . 
  where are you staying ? 
  assuming you are in mitte it wo n't affect you * too * much ( probably ) , except maybe going to and from the airport . 
  word of warning , there will be no s-bahn service all weekend , since the train drivers ' union is going on a [ 98-hour strike ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20141104/german-train-drivers-to-strike-for-four-days-gdl ) from tomorrow afternoon . 
  the u-bahn , buses , and trams will all be running , but will likely be pretty damn crowded . 
  other people have already mentioned some of the big plus points of turkey ( friendliness , food ) , so i 'll add the attitude to children . 
  when i went over the summer , i was blown away by how nice people were to my little girl . 
  it took me a little while to adjust , but basically i liked that strangers were interested in her and that they engaged with her and were so friendly to her . 
  and she loved it !, 
   it 's why you see turks who `` look '' greek and greeks who `` look '' turkish honestly , is there even a turkish look ? 
  having been to turkey it seems like your population is a total mish-mash , from people who are as white as i am to people who would n't be out of place in saudi arabia and all kinds of combinations in between . 
   christianity is on the rise due to the influx of catholic eastern europeans , who also generally settle in similar areas to muslim immigrants , which is probably the reason for the correlation also due to sub-saharan african immigrants , most of whom are christian . 
  this does n't surprise me , my company has a technical office in timisoara and these guys are really good - i work with them all the time and they are professional , friendly , hard-working and they consistently do a great job . 
   in greece , any street with lots of `` uk pubs '' and things like that , i never understood why anyone would come to greece just to go to a traditional style uk pub , but many do that . 
  i think a lot of the time these are working-class/lower middle-class people who are n't traveling to your country ( or to spain for that matter ) to enjoy your ( far superior ) food , see your sights , etc , they just want britain with guaranteed sunshine . 
  he means an abandoned school in a part of berlin called kreuzberg that was taken over by asylum seekers/illegal immigrants . 
  wow , you have some fucked-up friends . 
  time to find new ones and maybe move to a different part of berlin ? 
  oh , and yes , i would report them ( the illegal immigrants and especially the arsonists ) to the police . 
  page 93 of the [ report ] ( http://www.rotherham.gov.uk/downloads/file/1407/independent_inquiry_cse_in_rotherham ) :  `` one senior officer suggested that some influential pakistani-heritage councillors in rotherham had acted as barriers . 
   several councillors interviewed believed that by opening up these issues they could be ` giving oxygen ' to racist perspectives that might in turn attract extremist political groups and threaten community cohesion . 
  to some extent this concern was valid , with the apparent targeting of the town by groups such as the english defence league . 
  the deputy council leader ( 2011-2014 ) from the pakistani-heritage community was clear that he had not understood the scale of the cse problem in rotherham until 2013 . 
  he then disagreed with colleague elected members on the way to approach it . 
  he had advocated taking the issue ` head on ' but had been overruled . 
  he was one of the elected members who said they thought the criminal convictions in 2010 were ' a one-off , isolated case ' , and not an example of a more deep-rooted problem of pakistani-heritage perpetrators targeting young white girls . '', 
  truly sick , and evil . 
  ` community cohesion ' is more important than thousands of young girls being raped ? 
  far more poles in london than in chicago these days . 
  that seems pretty plausible , but it would be nice to hear it from them directly . 
  it 's a major omission from the journalist that wrote the story . 
  a frustrating article , because it does n't say * why * these guys want to go to england so desperately . 
  they are already in france , far away from africa , so why specifically do they want to go to england instead of staying where they are ? 
  ah , no worries . 
  i thought my first message might have sounded like i was complaining , and i wanted to clarify . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not complaining !, 
  i am in germany so i should speak german ( and i have been working hard on it since i came here ) . 
  how different are ` moldovans ' from ` romanians ' , really ? 
  there 's definitely a lot of people in berlin who do n't speak english once you are outside of the inner-city hipstertopias . 
  i had the same thing happen to me when i had to go to the hospital one month after i moved to germany ( with minimal german at that point ) - the info guys at the front desk did n't speak english , then the nurses did n't speak english , but after a bit of hand-waving and so on eventually i saw a doctor who spoke english , so it was all good . 
  anyways , that was a powerful encouragement for me to learn german . 
  the language politics are very touchy there !, 
  i remember going to flanders as a teenager with my family and my father , who is a fluent french speaker , asking a question in french in a shop and being replied to very disdainfully ( in english ) with `` we are flemish and we do n't speak french , but we can speak english '' . 
  outside of transnistria , what proportion of moldova 's population is made up of ethnic russians , as opposed to people of romanian origin ? 
  because they are terrible quality in britain . 
  well , we always provided some ... 
   no , but the irish are purposefully late . 
  if you are invited to dinner at 7 , it would be rude to turn up at 7 . 
  your host would not be expecting you until 7:30 at the earliest , but more likely 8 for a meal at 8:30 . 
  this is funny , because when we lived in london whenever we had a party our irish friend steve was always 100 % guaranteed to be there right when it started . 
  he had a french father , though , so maybe it was that ? 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  til !, 
  for some reason i had it in my head that most of the muslim immigrants in denmark were arabs . 
  so are turks the largest group of foreigners in denmark ? 
  did they come as guest-workers like in germany and holland ? 
  it 's very good in my experience but only a minority imo is truly fluent . 
  overall the nordic countries are the easiest non-english speaking countries to travel to if you are an english speaker . 
  i 'm not saying anything about needing immigration to stop inflation , not sure where you got that from my statement ? 
  in my personal experience this is the case . 
  ignore the flair for a second , i am actually an american who used to live in the uk ( i now live in berlin ) . 
  anyways , my wife is polish , so for every service we needed at home when we were in london ( plumber , electrician , painter & decorator , etc ) , she would find a fellow pole to do it , always at a lower price than an english workman would offer . 
  multiply that across millions of interactions a year across britain and you can see how that puts downward pressure on wages for native british workers . 
  palestinians are the majority of jordan 's population . 
  the mint zoladkowa gorzka is fucking fantastic . 
  i think london now has more poles than chicago , at least comparing the actual cities , not the suburbs . 
  there are definitely more polish-born people in london . 
  northern italy is one of the richest parts of europe , and southern italy is probably as poor or poorer than portugal and greece . 
  having said that , the various mafias of the south have symbiotic relationships with northern business - if you read * gomorrah * by roberto saviano he discusses how the camorra illegally dump industrial waste from northern manufacturers . 
  yep , most of russia 's population is in europe . 
  so , where 's good to go in romania ? 
  my company has an office in timisoara , should i try to arrange a business trip with a stop over for a few days to check it out ? 
  they play it in ` straya , too . 
  that 's pretty much what i thought - cheers for your response . 
  i thought the nyt article was weird in the way it talked about moldovans and did n't really mention romania or romanians . 
  are moldovans particularly different from romanians ? 
  did n't it used to be part of romania anyways ? 
  ( forgive my ignorance , i genuinely do n't know ), 
  most of the germans took off after the end of communism , though . 
  polish things i like : * my wife ( she 's amazing ! ), 
  * polish food is delicious - big fan of kielbasa , pierogi , kark\u00f3wka ( grilled pork neck ) , and various other goodies . 
  great bread , too . 
  * top notch w\u00f3dka * friendly , hard-working people with a good sense of humor * beautiful women everywhere things i do n't like : * they drive like fucking lunatics, 
  had that a bunch of times when my wife and i were in lisbon , each time was brilliant . 
  10/10 would munch again .
