  the public is more closely divided when it comes to expanding fossil fuel energies such as coal mining , offshore oil and gas drilling , and hydraulic fracturing for oil and natural gas . 
  while there are substantial party and ideological divides over increasing fossil fuel and nuclear energy sources , strong majorities of all political groups support more solar and wind production . 
  i 'm not _ that _ optimistic !, 
  but i think the prospects for convincing a decent chunk of the republican base to embrace renewable energy is higher than you think , especially as prices continue to fall dramatically . 
  the leaders are prostitutes , but at least some of the rank-and-file can be persuaded if it 's framed as energy independence and positive national action . 
  well , it depends on if clinton or trump becomes president . 
  and it also depends on who controls congress , although obama has shown that progress can be made even if congress is controlled by the republican party ( who are probably the biggest single impediment to effective climate action on the planet right now ) . 
  beyond politics , there is a big renewable energy boom happening in the us in recent years , and a lot of venture capital money is headed into clean tech and climate-related ventures . 
  here 's a good article summarizing some of the progress being made : https://www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2016/oct/03/doe-charts-show-why-climate-doom-and-gloom-isnt-needed is it enough yet ? 
  no , but it provides a base to work from . 
  it seems like this has been done so quickly in order to make it more difficult ( though not impossible ) for trump to destroy the agreement if he becomes president . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37449903  the main group is called stop abortion . 
  * they demand a total ban with no exceptions even if the life or well-being of the mother is endangered . 
  * their petition calling for a ban attracted 450,000 signatures , triggering friday 's debate in parliament , where their motion was sent to a committee for further consideration . 
  reading this , my understanding is that my wife would not have been able to get an abortion as her life was not immediately at risk . 
  does the actual bill say something different from the motion from the activist group ? 
  ok , as i am the op i 'll give you my perspective . 
  i went to this protest with my wife ( who is polish ) and our daughter . 
  let me give you a real-life scenario that shows the cruelty of this bill : two and a half years ago my wife was pregnant with our second child and the baby died in the womb at 9 weeks . 
  she did n't miscarry straight away , so the dead fetus was still in her womb , sitting there . 
  after a week of waiting for the miscarriage to happen , we chose for her to have an abortion , which was the right thing to do given the circumstance . 
  under this proposed bill my wife would not have been able to do that , but would have been forced to carry the dead baby inside her until she had a natural miscarriage , or to term , or to the point where her life was in imminent danger . 
  what a cruel and pointless thing to force women to do . 
  i would say that the majority of the protesters were polish . 
  this was the protest in berlin : http://i.imgur.com/q3mungn.jpg, 
   at the same time , i 'm of the belief that islam is n't a religion with political trappings but a political system with religious trappings ( fuck it , downvote me to hell , it was bound to happen sometime ) . 
  well , i agree with you - islam is very very different from christianity in this way ( there 's no ` render unto caesar ' in islam ) - it 's a total system that purports to govern every aspect of life ( like [ which foot ] ( http://www.zikr.co.uk/content/view/72/113/ ) you should use while entering the toilet ) while also being a universal faith that theoretically everyone on the planet should subscribe to . 
  it 's a very particular thing , and i think that everyone in the west would be better served by trying to understand what it really is , instead of persisting with delusions that islam is basically christianity plus kebabs . 
   in germany since most of the muslim population is turkish , it should be easier to set up i hope . 
  the official turkish religious ministry actually has [ a branch in germany that funds 900 mosques ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish-islamic_union_for_religious_affairs ) . 
  i meant the mexican diaspora abroad , i.e. 
  mexicans in america ( and their children and grandchildren ), 
  are these refugees or tourists ? 
  what do mexicans in mexico think of the diaspora , particularly in america ? 
   north american second-generation immigrants assimilate the < th  sounds just fine , and we have far , far more immigrants as a proportion of our population than the uk does . 
  i do n't know if i would go with `` far , far , more '' - the uk foreign-born population is about 12 % , compared to the us at 13.5 % and canada at 20 % . 
  on the subject of the article , this is nonsense . 
  saying ` f ' for ` th ' is a working-class thing - i worked with plenty of middle-class second-generation britons of asian , african and caribbean origin when i lived in london , and none of them said ` fings ' instead of ` things ' . 
  hoover ( anglicised from huber ) and eisenhower ( eisenhauer ) were both of german ancestry . 
  ok , if i have to spell it out , then no , there 's no reason to attack foreigners . 
  there 's no reason to attack anyone . 
  if you 've never encountered scottish neds then you might not be aware of the fact that they make life hell for their neighbors , whether they are native scots or not . 
  having lived there , this story sounds 100 % like the kind of shitty behavior that many ordinary people in the poorer parts of edinburgh have to deal with on a routine basis . 
  i 'm scratching my head that you think that 's an excuse . 
  i was just adding context for people who do n't know edinburgh . 
  i used to live in edinburgh , and the fact this happened in wester hailes is _ not _ a surprise . 
  it 's one of ( if not the ) poorest , most crime-ridden and generally shitty areas in edinburgh . 
  since it was built to house poor people away from the city center , it 's basically a scottish bainlieue , only with more guys in trackies waving buckfast bottles and fewer jihadis . 
  why do greeks love to smoke so much ? 
  i used to live off harrow road in northwest london , an area that has a lot of arab immigrants . 
  if you start at marble arch and head north up edgware road and then either go past the flyover to the poorer part of edgware road or turn and head up harrow road you are basically guaranteed to see ladies in niqabs . 
  i live in berlin and hardly ever see them - i saw a lot more when i was in london . 
  how common are burkas/niqabs in turkey these days , at least among ethnic turkish women ? 
  i would guess not very common at all , but i 've only been to istanbul , and not to , say , a village way out in the east of the country . 
   yes , because most british muslims are pakistani , and the burkha has never been a thing in pakistan outside the border provinces . 
  i think westerners tend to use burka/niqab interchangeably . 
  has the niqab become more common in the indian subcontinent in recent years ? 
  ( i ask because i do n't know ), 
   i 'm ok with the burka/burkini if muslim men get to wear the same . 
  your wife wears a burka/burkini ? 
  you wear one . 
  ha , good luck with that one . 
  when i was in istanbul two years ago in august ( not recommended , btw ) it was really hot , like mid to high 30 's , and there were lots of arab tourist families ( i guess from the gulf ) . 
  guys in shorts , t-shirts , and flip-flops , and women in either niqab or the other one that covers everything except the face ( jilbab ? ) . 
  it was pretty revolting tbh , especially seeing them in restaurants with the guys shoveling food in their faces while the ladies sat there like lumps of coal . 
   the more i look into this the more it looks like extortion : we will go like this in the sea if you do n't offer us free transfer and aid . 
  if anything this shows extreme weakness . 
  this is 100 % what is happening . 
  they even have a number to call at the italian coast guard as soon as they are in international waters . 
   the town i mostly grew up in ( thessaloniki ) was multiethnic up until the early 20th century . 
  but the greek army reached it first and `` liberated '' it , forcing most non-greek folks to leave and then the nazis finished that process by killing all the jews . 
   i do n't know of italy - i guess it depends if austria/switzerland and france close that route as well . 
  there are n't many syrians waiting around in italy . 
  the overwhelming majority of people arriving in italy by boat are black africans . 
  ah , i was thinking about this earlier and from a journalist 's perspective they basically have to call him a ` norwegian ' or a ` norwegian national ' , given the absence of more concrete info about the guy . 
  so if his parents are somalian and he left norway at five , he is n't going to be norwegian in any meaningful sense , is he ? 
  i suppose he still has the passport , but what does that mean ? 
  the norwegian angle is just a red herring - he is probably exactly the same in terms of clothes , accent , behavior , etc as other british somali teenagers in london . 
  is he saying that governments should force you to become vegetarian ? 
  no , he 's saying that taxes on meat production can reduce consumption , and hence reduce the carbon emissions associated with livestock . 
  it is a good idea to reduce the amount of meat you eat for environmental reasons . 
  especially beef , as cows produce an enormous amount of methane ( which is an especially potent greenhouse gas ) : https://muchadoaboutclimate.wordpress.com/2014/10/01/how-much-methane-does-a-cow-actually-produce/, 
  i think you are thinking of the mail online , not the telegraph, 
  would n't russians be second ? 
  or since they are mostly ethnic germans do they not count ? 
  ok , i ca n't speak for the rest of the south , but in georgia at least the urban coastal areas were traditionally less religious than further inland ( and i would imagine they still are ) . 
  my mom is from savannah and savannah ( being a port city ) was always more open-minded and tolerant than places further inland . 
  when she was growing up her mother had gay friends who were not 2016 tumblr-level out , but very nudge-nudge wink-wink `` john and his room-mate '' , which i do n't think would have been the case in somewhere like , say , macon . 
  hell , read ` midnight in the garden of good and evil ' and you can see the same thing . 
  oh god , osaka is so humid . 
  we were there in early april and even at around 25 c it was sweat city for me ( overall though it was our favorite place in japan , and i would fucking love to go back ) . 
   i still do n't get why those article base their argumentation on the idea that britain actually needs more jobs . 
  i read the article and that was one of the author 's points :  while current migrants probably wo n't be sent home , people who want to limit low-paid migration say this would result in more jobs for british people in future . 
    yet there are already plenty of jobs for british people . 
  the proportion of uk nationals in work is at a near-record 74.4 per cent , higher than in 2004 when the `` a8 '' eastern european countries joined the eu ( which is when migration to the uk began to increase sharply ) . 
  torsten bell , director of the resolution foundation think-tank , says the only significant pocket of unemployment left in britain is among disabled people . 
  `` and we 're not about to send them out into the fields '' . 
  pretty easy - scotland has much less immigration than england . 
  only 7 % of people in scotland were born outside the uk , and aberdeen has the highest proportion of people born outside the uk - [ 16 % ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/scotland-census-profile ) , which is only slightly above the [ 14 % ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/england-census-profile ) of english residents that were born outside the uk , and far lower than the proportion of non-uk born people in english cities like london , birmingham , slough or luton . 
  this article is the usual scottish nationalist self-congratulatory stuff , `` look at how much more caring and tolerant we are than those awful english people ! '',
