actually , it was itv 's exposure series that went out first with the revelations about savile ( the bbc had previously spiked a newsnight special ) . 
  do you have any sources on that ( in german would be fine , too ) . 
  i had no idea the american government pushed turkey as a source of guest workers . 
  what is the akp 's general standpoint on women working - are they for or against it ? 
  i remember going to florence at easter and tourists from northern europe were in t-shirts , italians were in light coats , and the african traders selling junk on the streets ( sunglasses , handbags , posters , etc ) were dressed like they were going on a polar expedition . 
  it all depends on what you are used to , i guess . 
  are turkish kurds more religious than , say , iraqi kurds ? 
  just as an outsider it seems like the iraqi kurds are less fundamentalist than sunni arabs in iraq , but that could be completely wrong ( it 's not like i 've been there , this is just my impression from what i 've read ) . 
  on the note of detroit , if you ever get a chance to pick up a book called _ devil 's night _ by zev chafets , it 's worth it . 
  very interesting read about how the city fell apart . 
  here 's an excerpt : http://www.nytimes.com/1990/07/29/magazine/the-tragedy-of-detroit.html?pagewanted=all, 
  this is n't true about germans in america at all - germans were very strongly attached to their language and culture , and even through the early 20th century you had 3rd and 4th generation people who spoke german as their native language . 
  the reason why germans in america assimilated so thoroughly in the end was because they were forced to during world war i , and then later with world war ii , not because they were so much more willing to assimilate than turks in modern germany . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/23/opinion/whatever-happened-to-german-america.html  at the turn of the last century , germans were the predominant ethnic group in the united states -- some eight million people , out of a population of 76 million . 
  new york city had one of the world 's largest german-speaking populations , trailing only berlin and vienna , with about a quarter of its 3.4 million people conversing _ auf deutsch _ . 
  entire communities , spreading from northern wisconsin to rural texas , consisted almost exclusively of german immigrants and their children . 
   as they spread through the country , they founded church denominations , singing societies , even whole industries -- pre-prohibition brewing was dominated by germans , whose names live on in brands like pabst , busch and miller . 
  their numbers shaped the media -- there were 488 german-language daily and weekly newspapers around 1900 keeping the language and culture alive -- and politics : midwestern german-americans were a backbone of the early republican party . 
  have a lot of croatians been leaving the country in recent years ? 
  thanks for the extra context . 
  i 'm reading [ in europe 's shadow ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/07/books/review/in-europes-shadow-by-robert-d-kaplan.html ) by robert d. kaplan at the moment and he spends a couple of pages talking about gagauzia , which was really interesting since i had never heard about the gagauz . 
  i knew about the karamanlides and how they were mostly sent to greece as part of the population exchanges in the 1920 's , but i did n't realize there were still a sizeable number of christians speaking turkish ( or a language very close to it ) on the other side of the black sea from anatolia . 
  hence looking it up and sharing this article ( although i suppose i should have gone for a better title to inspire more interest ) . 
  that might be part of it , but researchers have shown that nicotine actually _ does _ suppress appetite : http://www.npr.org/2011/06/09/137085989/the-skinny-on-smoking-why-nicotine-curbs-appetite, 
  does anyone have a link to the eu directive that states that youtube football videos always have to have incredibly bad music ? 
  probably because nicotine curbs your appetite . 
  i doubt i 'm the only person to have gained a stack of weight when i quit smoking . 
  in the short-term , would n't the jihadis head towards raqqa ? 
  or is mosul cut off from raqqa now ? 
  i meant the linguistic root of the word - sorry if that was n't clear, 
  ah , ok , fair enough , you 're probably right that this breaks reddit rules . 
  i 've deleted the original self-post . 
  ah , interesting , that must be the same root as muhajirs , the term for pakistanis who were expelled from what is today india https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhajir_people, 
  libya is really screwed up , but syria is way way worse ( just compare the body counts over the past five years ) . 
  i 'm sure most syrians would rather have libya 's problems . 
  given that so many turks are descended from people who moved to turkey over the centuries from the balkans , the caucasus , persia , mena , etc , how much are turks aware of their family ancestries ? 
  is it like americans and their `` i 'm half german , one-quarter irish , one-quarter english , and part cherokee ( which i made up since it sounds cool ) '' , or do people just think of themselves as turkish and not really think about it beyond that ? 
  is there usually considered to be a big regional difference in the way turks look between the west and the east , like the stereotypical difference in looks between northern and southern italians ? 
  from the article it sounds like some people have opened new , more upmarket restaurants , which has put portugal on the radar of the international foodie scene . 
  i 'm not surprised - when i went to lisbon with my girlfriend ( now my wife ) many years back we were both blown away by the food , especially the variety and the consistency of it . 
  it does n't seem like portuguese food is very well known outside of portugal , but damn it 's good . 
  in fact , i just went through our photos and found this pic of a pot of seafood and rice we had at [ cervejaria trindade ] ( http://www.cervejariatrindade.pt/ ) : http://imgur.com/n3tjof5, 
  ok , i think i understand your motivation here - you want to defend muslims from prejudice and suspicion ( hence your references to american immigration history ) , which is fine but a separate issue from the question of whether or not islam is a distinctively political religion . 
  firstly , the caliph ( or ` successor ' in english ) is a concept that can be traced directly to the quran . 
  the bible has no equivalent description of the pope 's role - and indeed the role of the pope as we understand it today did not come into existence until centuries after christ . 
  secondly , the roles are different . 
  the caliph is a pope plus a king - religious and political authority vested in one person . 
  popes are certainly not apolitical figures , but with the exception of the ( small ) papal states they have never enjoyed the kind of direct political control that islamic caliphs did from mohammed 's time through to ataturk abolishing the caliphate . 
  influence ! = control . 
  similarly , canon law is not as rooted in the new testament as sharia is in the quran , and if you look at the link you 've posted , you 'll see that it is something that was built up by the catholic church over time from a variety of sources . 
  canon law is not mandated by the new testament and indeed coexisted with secular legal systems for a long time . 
  by contrast , sharia _ was _ the law throughout the muslim world , basically until european colonialism . 
  i encourage you to read the link i posted previously - it 's very interesting , and worth your time . 
  here 's a quote :  in stark contrast , where theologians like martin luther famously fashioned a dialectic between faith and good works , these two things are inextricably tied together in islam . 
  faith is often expressed through the observance of the law . 
  the failure to follow islamic law is a reflection of the believer 's lack of faith and unwillingness to submit to god . 
  salvation is impossible _ without _ law . 
  this has implications for the nature of the islamic state . 
  if following the sharia -- for example , refraining from alcohol and adultery , observing the fast , and praying five times a day -- is a precondition for salvation , then political leaders and clerics alike have a role in encouraging the good and forbidding evil , a role they played , to various degrees , for the entirety of the pre-modern period . 
  yes , i think that islam is structurally more political than christianity . 
  christianity has no sharia equivalent , it has no analogue to a caliph , and there 's no ` render unto caesar ' distinction between the religious and secular realms in islam . 
  if you want a good article about islam and politics , and islam 's distinctiveness in this regard , here 's one : http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/06/islam-politics-exceptional/485801/ edit : on your point on the klan , you 've basically answered it yourself . 
  the klan was above all an anglo-american terrorist group - while they persecuted white catholics and jews , they saved their most murderous rage for african-americans , the overwhelming majority of whom were protestant christians like themselves . 
  they were n't trying to create a protestant theocracy , just to maintain the southern caste society . 
  i knew that , however my point was whether or not they were using the overstay estimates as part of their overall net migration calculations , because if they were assuming that ( for example ) 30,000 students per annum were illegally staying on and only 1500 actually were , then that affects the total outflow and thus the overall net numbers , right ? 
  so you think it 's just to appease the brexiteers ? 
  i guess this just highlights the irrationality of this whole mess , as non-eu students are the only ones who can overstay their student visa . 
  under current law , eu students are treated just like british ones , and are totally exempt from any visa regime . 
  but then i realize that many people voted on immigration in general , not specifically on eu-related immigration . 
  i 'm confused as to why they would be hiding this report , if fewer students overstay their visas illegally is n't that a good thing ? 
  having said that , i guess it depends on if they were using the old overstay estimates in the annual net migration calculations or not . 
  if they were , then this means the net migration target is easier to achieve , but if they were n't , well ... 
  i think this gets to the nub of the problem , as islam is inherently a political religion , with a very extensive and long-standing legal tradition . 
  as we can see from many different places in the world , reconciling islam to non-islamic political and legal structures can be a challenge , and i think it is even more so somewhere like france , where the ` republican ideal ' sets great store on keeping religion out of the political sphere . 
  what a cruel and vicious law . 
  a video on this village ; i was pretty surprised that there are people there who still speak some polish https://youtu.be/f0pqhsvulcs, 
  sometimes i go on google streetview in these bainlieues and i see small streets of what look like single-family houses not far from the big tower blocks . 
  are these areas also rough or are there middle class people living in these suburban areas near the poorer people in the hlms ? 
  got it , that makes perfect sense . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm a little confused by this map , is it showing the etymology of the capital city of each province ? 
  or the etymology of most cities in the province ? 
  from reading the article / u/jandis42 posted , it seems more like erdogan is trying to cover up his corruption than he is trying to set himself up as some kind of theocratic dictator . 
   the most interesting things in the leak until now seem to be confirmations for massive propaganda , and that turkey employs a troll army , similarly to russia . 
  i wonder if they are also active on facebook . 
  every time the new york times posts an article about turkey that deviates at all from ` turkey is the greatest country in the world , and erdogan is a visionary leader ' , there are dozens of angry ( and pretty nutty ) comments from turkish people , which has made me wonder if they were just freelance nationalists or putin-style paid trolls . 
  ah , that 's the joke . 
  aside from the moral aspect of it , it just seems like it would add a pointless extra layer of red tape to the average business , which seems odd as the conservatives are usually against adding new layers of regulation to business life ( at least philosophically ) . 
  so this certainly _ sounds _ very convenient for big vik . 
  i 'm surprised they could fit one bomber , let alone two . 
  those are nowhere near as ugly as american suburban ` walmart with a cross ' evangelical churches . 
  so essentially it sounds like southern europe is boxed into permanent slump as the price to pay for keeping the euro . 
  has n't the euro been a big part of the problem for southern europe , i.e. 
  that it has been too expensive for them and has led to a big loss of competitiveness on price ? 
  i am not really an expert on the italian situation , but has anyone put forward a strong case for how italy can regain economic dynamism while staying _ in _ the euro ? 
  here 's a relevant link : https://www.theguardian.com/education/2016/aug/02/more-than-30-fake-uk-universities-closed-by-watchdog, 
  oh , i 'm well aware of the divide , my otherwise wonderful mother is completely insane on this topic , as far as i can tell because she marinates her mind in fox news all day . 
  i guess my ( cautious ) optimism on renewable energy comes from polls like this , which show strong public support for expanding renewable energy : http://www.pewinternet.org/2016/10/04/the-politics-of-climate/ yes , there 's no question that there are tens of millions of climate change deniers who reject the science because they feel resentful about ` liberal elites ' , but since energy generation is by far the biggest contributor to american greenhouse gas emissions , if enough of them can be convinced to support a big push for renewables then we will see real progress . 
  i do n't really care how that is framed , just that it is done . 
  i see stuff like this as evidence that it _ can _ be done ( although it wo n't be easy ... but given the circumstances giving up is not really an option ) :  one spot of unity in an otherwise divided environmental policy landscape is that the vast majority of americans support the concept of expanding both solar and wind power .
