  they talk . 
  they have a better understanding of each other . '' some of his drivers have the highest uber grades yet do not fit the stereotype of the perfect employee : one is heavily tattooed and another has dreadlocks . 
  `` people from the banlieues feel stigmatised , most have difficulties speaking proper french , but all of a sudden they are wearing a suit , driving a nice car . 
  they feel appreciated , '' mr baadache says . 
  baba , though , worries about the effect of the new regulations . 
  `` if 10,000 drivers are gone , we wo n't be able to meet the demand . 
  prices could go up , wait times could be longer . '' as for the drivers who would be left without a job , baba shrugs . 
  `` most of them will go back to the banlieues , many of them will go back to crime . '', 
  baba , or `` sanka '' as he is known to his friends in bobigny , a suburb in northern paris , likes to say that uber got him out of jail -- and kept him out . 
  a high-school dropout , baba started to slip into petty crime in his teenage years , much like many youngsters in the unemployment-stricken immigrant enclaves that encircle france 's capital . 
  at 17 , he was sentenced to four months in prison for a robbery . 
  the conviction was erased from his record because he was under 18 but in 2012 he was in jail again . 
  by then , uber had rolled out its ride-hailing app in france . 
  a friend who had started a minicab company using uber 's technology offered baba a job as a driver and a judge let him out early under judicial review . 
  since then , baba has been working 10 to 12 hours nightly , six days a week . 
  in 2014 , he gained a licence to operate his own chauffeur service . 
  `` without this job , maybe i would be in prison , '' baba says , laughing as he drove his peugeot 508 to a garage through rundown rows of small houses . 
  now , the 24-year-old wants to set up a transport company with his older sister and take on people to work for him . 
  he is a role model for his friend amara koita , also an uber driver , who says he avoided prison only because his mother sent him to senegal to study religion for three years after he skipped school . 
  pointing to an empty square surrounded by a kebab shop , a supermarket and blocks of flats , baba reflects on how the job has changed his life . 
  `` before uber , we would all stand there , talking crap all day , '' he says . 
  `` now i own a beautiful car , i 've bought a zara suit . 
  i love this job , i love driving through paris , talking to clients . 
  it 's good money if you work hard . 
  i am not letting go of this job . '' uber , though , has not been embraced by everyone . 
  when the company opened its services in paris and other european cities , it was resisted by taxi companies . 
  the reaction was fiercest in france , with angry protests and even attacks on uber drivers . 
  two uber executives were detained by police and are being tried in paris on `` complicity in the illegal exercise of the taxi profession '' . 
  in french suburbs such as bobigny , however , the rise of uber and other french minicab services represents something else : a foothold in the job market for thousands of undereducated youngsters of immigrant descent . 
  suburban burden the banlieues , as the deprived suburbs are called , have been a thorn in france 's side for four decades . 
  they were the scene of riots in 2005 after the accidental death of two teenagers chased by police in clichy-sous-bois , 10km from bobigny . 
  the government has poured in $ 40bn for renovation , but unemployment is still higher than average and the estates are plagued by crime and discrimination , as well as the more recent threat of islamist radicalisation . 
  in bobigny , joblessness stands at 22 per cent , double the national rate . 
  more than a third of those aged 15 to 29 are unemployed . 
  it took only a few years for uber and other platforms challenging the parisian taxis ' monopoly to create more than 15,000 jobs . 
  ( about 5,300 are self-employed and the rest are employed by minicab companies . ), 
  they compete against the 17,000 taxis in paris . 
  `` there has been a tidal wave of start-ups in the banlieues , an entire generation wants to be uber drivers , '' says sabrina lauro at planet adam , a non-profit organisation that helps residents in the suburbs set up businesses . 
  uber appeals to those without a diploma or work experience , she said . 
  research seems to bear this out . 
  charles boissel , a phd student at hec paris , a business school , found that most minicab registrations were in the `` suburbs of northern and south-eastern paris , where economic conditions are harshest '' . 
  after uber agreed to partly open its database , augustin landier , professor at the toulouse school of economics , and david thesmar , a professor at hec , conducted the first detailed survey of uber drivers in france . 
  according to their findings , provided to the financial times , an overwhelming number of drivers are male ( 98 per cent ) ; they are much younger than established taxi drivers ( 70 per cent are under 40 , compared with 30 per cent for taxis ) , and more have experienced unemployment ( a quarter were jobless before turning to uber , and nearly half of those for more than a year ) . 
  unlike us drivers , who tend to use uber to add to their income , 81 per cent of french drivers have no other job . 
  two-thirds say they want `` to start a new long-term career '' . 
  a fifth work more than 40 hours a week . 
  most earn $ 20 an hour , more than twice the minimum wage . 
  mr koita , baba 's friend , says he could pocket $ 1,700 a month after the 20 per cent uber charge , fuel and other costs . 
  this is as much as he made working as the manager of his uncle 's supermarket , which was burnt down by an arsonist . 
   this includes the fact that the concept of free speech is very highly regarded in the us and you can say a lot of things that the german justice system would investigate you for . 
  i am not an expert in us law but this is my impression . 
  now , what the german government is trying to pressure facebook into is that they take action against content that is illegal in germany , if it is posted by germans . 
  exactly - there 's no equivalent to ` volksverhetzung ' in us law . 
  incitement to violence is illegal , though . 
  edit : here 's a bit more background , basically the us sets the bar much higher for criminal speech than is the case in europe http://freespeechdebate.com/en/case/the-brandenburg-test-for-incitement-to-violence/, 
   these people being so young affect the german society disproportionately as the average age of germany is much higher . 
  this is what is missed when people say `` well it 's only 1 million in 80 million '' , because there 's only 10 million people in germany in their 20 's . 
  i liked how firmly he answered the question of journalists being afraid to strengthen right-wing sentiments in society by reporting more critically on problems related to immigration : if that is what worries you , leave the profession and become an activist or a politician . 
  if the greeks are going to be fucked like this ( and it looks like they are ) , then at the absolute bare minimum they need to have a big chunk of their debts written off - not new loans , but actual write-offs . 
  it will never happen though . 
  i dunno , `` i 'm not a sucker '' would n't be a weird thing to say in american english . 
   it 's also funny how u.s. also taxes its citizens who live abroad , but few people see a problem with that speak to any american living abroad . 
  even though most of us do n't have to pay the taxes ( due to the earnings requirement ) , just the hassle of filing and the subsidiary effects ( like from fatca ) ensure that we fucking hate it . 
  can turkish or syrian circassians get russian citizenship easily ? 
  interesting , i wonder what other turns this conflict between turkey and russia will take . 
  i do n't disagree with you , and i 'm certainly not someone who gives palestinians a pass on criminal/terrorist acts , but ...  they do that because they know the europeans primarily wo n't call them out for it and this cost lives . 
  i do n't think that what europeans say or do n't say makes much difference to palestinians who want to attack israelis . 
  i think it 's basically down to the fact that most europeans see israel as being more-or-less a western nation and hence they have higher expectations for it than they do for the arab countries . 
  where are those is fighters from in russia ? 
  are they mostly chechens ( like abu al-shishani ) or are they from a mix of places ? 
  his [ instagram feed ] ( https://www.instagram.com/kadyrov_95/ ) is , uh , very _ interesting _ . 
   i believe this rise can be explained by the blatant power of the jewish lobby in france . 
  i 'm not against jews , in fact i do n't care about them but it 's so obvious they hold the power in france , you just have to turn your tv in to see right in front of you . 
  do you have proof for this ? 
  or it 's pac-man as drawn by someone with parkinsons . 
   we have them in the uk too , i can confirm they change into scruffy clothes and get dropped off in a minivan by the gangmaster . 
  when they are n't working as beggars they wear normal clothes . 
  i used to live in a part of edinburgh where there were quite a few gypsies living . 
  you 'd see them in the local supermarket on the weekend dressed normally , and then on weekday mornings they would get on the bus in rags to go to the city centre or the south side to beg . 
  do n't know about australians , but you see the same behavior in britain every weekend . 
  maybe not london so much , because london has different demographics but if you go to any working-class town in the north of england on a saturday night you will see exactly the same alcohol-fuelled mayhem . 
  but this is nothing new , britons have been heavy drinkers for thousands of years : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/this-britain/2000-years-of-binge-drinking-516009.html, 
  from the article :  but more concerning is the ever-rising level of abuse , trolling and `` astroturfing '' ( propaganda posting -- an artificial version of a grassroots campaign ) currently polluting what are often illuminating and stimulating discussions . 
  more than on articles related to , say , ukraine or israel ? 
  all good dude , i appreciate the insight . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's exactly the kind of thing i was looking for . 
  i guess that 's why i asked the question ? 
  i 've never heard of jihadis specifically targeting alevis in bombings/shootings/general-mayhem-flavored - with-bearded-dudes-shouting-allahu-akbar , but i do n't have any deep knowledge on the topic . 
  i was asking about alevis actually . 
  i admit to a general level of ignorance on the topic , but i was under the impression that turkish alevis = !, 
  i know jihadis hate the alawites , but do they also hate the alevis ? 
  do jihadis have a problem with the alevis ? 
  not ten years , six . 
   when will europe finally stop their jihadis from travelling to syria ? 
  i guess it depends on the country , but i know britain has said recently that they have [ stopped 600 british citizens from going to syria ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/12101803/600-britons-intercepted-while-trying-to-reach-syria-says-philip-hammond.html ) . 
  question since i do n't know the answer - do these traveling militants cause any problems in turkey on their way to syria or do they tend to just lie low and stay out of trouble so that they can get across the border ? 
  if the border with macedonia is sealed , why wo n't the migrants just re-route through albania ? 
  will the albanian border be closed as well ? 
   most of them from donezk and 2 from kiew there 's absolutely no need to leave kiev as a refugee .
