  my company has offices there and i 've been there in the last six months . 
  there 's no war there . 
  i see your comments, 
  how easy is it to travel around georgia using english ? 
  the deleted user had an australian flair . 
  there were [ less than 700,000 jews in palestine in 1947 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_palestine ) . 
  this is always the simplest argument for me - if the holocaust did n't happen , where did those millions and millions of jews in central and eastern europe that we know were there from pre-war sources _ go _ ? 
  did they vanish into thin air ? 
  change form into shape-shifting lizards ? 
  fly off into space ? 
  they are probably german : http://www.dw.com/en/german-deportations-doubled-in-2015-huge-backlog-remains/a-18991566, 
  true !, 
  but sometimes the obvious needs to be said . 
  i should mention for anyone who does n't know berlin or speak german , that prenzlauer berg was in the old east berlin and has today become one of the most gentrified areas of inner berlin . 
  it 's basically yummy mummy central now . 
   i 'm curious about who the activists are who have encouraged it , because i 'm sure it 's not a useful protest strategy in their home countries . 
  i remember reading in a book called [ we 're still here ] ( http://www.amazon.com/were-still-here-resurrection-south/dp/0871130203 ) ( interesting book , btw ) about how in the late 1960 's left-wing activists in new york made it a point to educate poor people ( principally blacks and puerto ricans ) about how to apply for as many government welfare benefits as possible . 
  the idea was to bankrupt the system as a prelude to revolution . 
  it would n't surprise me if german left-wingers do n't have a hand in some of the crazy stuff we 've read recently , like people suing for compensation over delays to their asylum casework . 
  rightly so . 
  nobody fucks with the ~ ~ jesus ~ ~ sultan . 
  ... but it will, 
  do you have a link to someone celebrating this ? 
   this case has become such a political football though , it 's almost as shameful as the initial cover up . 
  do you really think that ? 
  the cover up led to hundreds , if not thousands , of additional girls being abused . 
  it being a political football has led to what ... some labour supporters ' feelings being hurt ? 
   the support to the spanish hard left by iran predates the foundation of podemos , and was given in the context of a conservative government was supporting sanctions to iran , and selling weapons to its enemies . 
  so a mutual ` enemy of my enemies ' thing , basically ? 
  is there any information yet on what the iranians would be getting from their investment in podemos ? 
  edit : actually , silly question , that 's probably not known yet . 
  what are the theories , though ? 
   if so , then could it be argued that their claims for asylum are less valid than somebody 's from syria ? 
  for sure , few guys from the maghreb actually get asylum status . 
  they do n't get deported though , of course . 
   are they all family-sponsored ? 
  that 's [ part of it ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/non-european-migration-uk-family-unification-dependents ) , but the bulk of the increase is coming from students . 
   now that everyone actually does hate turkey , they can ride that wave like pro surfers with weird moustaches . 
  i lol 'd . 
  anyways , question time , it seems like most of the victims are foreign tourists and not turks , will this affect how the government reacts to it ? 
   france is paying the price of exploiting its colonies ... 
  according to [ this link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-attack-marseille-iduskcn0up1rw20160111 ) the kid is a kurd . 
  i do n't think you can lay this one at the feet of french colonialism . 
  sounds a bit like the situation in the us among white voters . 
  i thought this was a very interesting quote :  many analysts compare turkey with countries in the middle east , but i think we need to compare it with russia . 
  both countries come from a tradition of empire , and also from a tradition of the strong state . 
  in a normal democracy , you protect the individual from the excessive power of the state . 
  in turkey , power elites try to protect the state -- as if this state were fragile and needed protection -- when in fact , it 's too powerful already . 
  this is where we started from , though -- in the last five years , turkey has become more and more authoritarian . 
  is it true that many of the new laws are passed over night ? 
  has pis said why they operate like that ? 
  if the police , government and press all tried to cover up something as large as nye , that affected so many people and was so spectacularly public , then occam 's razor would suggest that up to now they have been routinely burying news of smaller incidents where refugees and migrants from the muslim world have attacked germans . 
  i think it 's reasonable at this point to doubt all reporting by mainstream german news organizations on anything related to migration . 
  there 's still 3k asylum seekers arriving every day . 
  it 's still at an incredibly high level , and it is almost certainly going to increase again as the weather improves . 
   there are over 120.000 muslims mostly second generation turks . 
  so it might be too soon to blame on the refugees . 
  from the reports i read , they were speaking arabic , not turkish or german . 
  luton is a complete shit hole . 
  looking at dagestan , it seems like a complete linguistic madhouse , but how prevalent are the different languages in everyday life ? 
  for example , if i went there as a tourist ( ha ! ), 
  would i actually hear a variety of languages or would i mostly hear russian , that being the local lingua franca ? 
  really ? 
  just when i thought that sweden 's government could n't get more insane ... well , there you go . 
  i doubt it , there are so many people showing up to germany right now that it 's the proverbial pig in the python . 
  some of them will learn german , find reasonable jobs , and sure , they will be doing ok in a few years ... but i would put reasonable money that there will still be hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of ( mostly ) dudes sitting around doing not much . 
  look at sweden , that humanitarian superpower , where immigration has been mostly through refugees : [ there 's a gigantic gap in employment rates ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/assessing-immigrant-integration-sweden-after-may-2013-riots ) between natives and immigrants :  among recent immigrants , defined as those who have been in the country for less than five years , the employment rate differed from that of the native born by more than 27 percentage points i see no reason to expect that the germans will magically be able to more easily find jobs for asylum-seekers than the swedes have managed . 
  those 50 guys have probably made a smart decision - here in germany the vast bulk of middle eastern asylum-seekers are being housed on bunk beds in every nook and cranny the german authorities can find . 
  by contrast , if you go to portugal the state authorities are not so overwhelmed and you probably have a chance to get moving again with life much quicker than you will in germany if you are showing up right now . 
  ok , the amount of muslims in portugal is pretty small , so that might affect your decision if you are a religious muslim , but if i was a christian from iraq or syria i think moving to portugal would be better than trying to squash into northern europe with every other tom , dick and habib . 
  i get the impression that turkey 's extreme nationalist movement is not made up of that nation 's finest minds . 
  do the turkish and israeli militaries still do training exercises together or did erdogan end that ? 
  every time i go back to america i am baffled at why toilets in public places ( airports , malls , gas stations , movie theaters , etc ) have that little gap in the door so anyone outside can see you doing your business . 
  why not have the door fully sealed like in europe ? 
   amazing in the sense that there 's no season of the year when you wo n't find short skirts about london , yes . 
  you should go to newcastle . 
  were/are kurds the majority of people who have emigrated to the uk from turkey ? 
  i guess it has never been explicitly stated anywhere , but as this process continues i am more and more convinced that the political elite is using what is happening now as a kind of dress rehearsal for handling what they foresee as the much bigger flows of people to come . 
  the article mentions egypt - and egypt is in a pretty scary situation . 
  it 's the [ world 's largest wheat importer ] ( http://www.fao.org/giews/countrybrief/country.jsp?code=egy ) , and also a country with an [ exploding population ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/16/egypt-population-explosion-social-unrest ) - a couple of bad harvests in supplier countries ( not hard to imagine as climate change deepens ) could lead to anarchy , revolution and an exodus that would dwarf the current syrian one , especially if islamic state or a similar group seized power and set the copts to flight . 
   what is being done in greece to quench the flow of refugees ? 
  well , nothing . 
  the greek government has basically thrown up its hands about stopping people arriving via the island route . 
  sure , it was my favorite sport as a kid , so i will explain . 
  i hope this is clear !, 
  each baseball game lasts a minimum of nine innings , and in each inning both team takes turns to bat ( attack ) and to field ( defend ) . 
  the goal is to score more runs ( points ) than the other team . 
  baseball is organized around the confrontation between a pitcher ( who throws the ball ) and a batter ( who tries to hit it ) . 
  each little confrontation is organized around a possibility of three strikes and four balls . 
  if you as a batter did n't try to hit the ball at all you would either be struck out ( after the pitcher threw three strikes ) or you would have a ` walk ' ( after the pitcher threw four balls ) , in which case you would advance to the first base . 
  when a team is fielding ( defending ) they have 9 players in the field - the pitcher ( who throws the ball ) , the catcher ( who catches the pitches ) , and four players arranged around the inner diamond at the first , second , and third bases , as well as one player ( the shortstop ) who stands in between the second and third bases . 
  the catcher sits behind the fourth base , which is called home plate . 
  three more fielders stand in the outfield . 
  for the team that is batting ( attacking ) their goal is hit the ball in such a way that they can get players on to one of the bases , and ultimately all the way around the around to home plate . 
  once you reach home plate that is called a run , and that is how you score . 
  any time a player hits the ball and then gets to at least first base is called a hit . 
  a home run occurs when the batter hits the ball over the outfield fence , and the hitter automatically circles the bases and scores a run , as do any runners who are already ` on base ' . 
  a grand slam is when a home run is hit with all three bases occupied by runners ( a situation known as ` bases loaded ' ) . 
  each inning lasts until the batting team gets three ` outs ' . 
  there are several ways to get out .
