  no , it 's not really a big problem in europe in the same way that it is in the us . 
  places like australia and new zealand have much bigger problems with it than europe . 
  in the uk at least , the hard drug scene is more oriented around heroin and crack . 
  that 's a decent amount of high-paying jobs in a country as small as ireland . 
  any excuse for a carbecue . 
  i had a friend who worked for the daily record , a scottish tabloid basically at the same level as the sun or the mirror , and she said that they were told to write everything at about a nine year old 's reading level . 
  florence is less crowded if you go from october to just before easter . 
  from easter through the summer it 's absolutely jammed . 
  source : my parents live there . 
  i 'll limit this to places that i have been to myself , in no particular order : lisbon edinburgh paris berlin tallinn, 
  the us economy is still the biggest in the world , and will be for at least a few more years . 
  yep , that was pretty much my intention !, 
  there are some lovely streets about three minutes walk further on , so it 's not all bad ... 
  the galician language is somewhere in between portuguese and spanish . 
  what does ` latina savante ' mean ? 
  surprised that there are no words of romani origin in there , too . 
  [ scenic south london ] ( http://i.imgur.com/56g1usv.jpg ) ( via google street view - i walk on this stretch every evening ) edit : that stretch of water is the [ river wandle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/river_wandle ) , for anyone curious, 
  interesting that your word is more similar to the word from neighbouring slavic countries than it is to the words from other romance languages like italian or spanish . 
  is this the case with a lot of words in romanian ? 
  thanks , that was a really comprehensive answer . 
  have portugal 's law changes led to any difference in people using hard drugs like heroin or crack , either more or less ? 
  sitting where it does , the st james centre should be considered a crime against humanity . 
  i used to live on london road ( further down , past meadowbank stadium ) and that building was indeed hideous , although to be fair [ this building ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/4mx0v ) which was across from our flat was even worse . 
  when i first met my wife she was living in colliers wood , sw london , just down the street from [ this monstrosity ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/satguru/2770698743/ ) that was voted [ london 's most hated building ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/5098270.stm ) . 
  this reminds me of a story my wife told me . 
  she 's polish and was vegetarian for about nine years ... something that is not at all common in poland !, 
  anyways , she was once visiting her * babcia * ( grandmother ) out by the ukrainian border , and explained that she did n't eat meat . 
  so babcia , without batting an eye , just removed the chicken from the chicken soup and presented the broth to her . 
  morocco and spain share a land border too ( around ceuta ) . 
  i 'm too lazy to look it up , but i 'm pretty sure the economic gap is even bigger than the us and mexico . 
  pretty interesting - the unanswered question for me is why did the ceasescu regime sponsor rugby specifically ? 
  i know the communist regimes were big on sports , but to my knowledge rugby was n't really played anywhere else in the eastern bloc . 
  this is one of the legal scams that the current british government was trying to deal with by limiting benefits . 
  i used to live in london around edgware road ( north of the flyover ) and there were always advertisements in estate agent windows for shitty ex-council flats at incredible rents , on estates with a lot of crime . 
  since those estates are mostly inhabited by poor muslim immigrants , the only way they could afford these private flats was via housing benefit . 
  the landlords could legally charge the council rents that were similar to what was available in the local area , hence they would charge a rent for a 1960 's council flat that was similar to something in a posher part of st john 's wood / maida vale . 
  the system as set up meant there was no incentive for the council to negotiate on price ( since they were just the conduit for money from central government , and maybe they did n't even have the right to negotiate directly ) and similarly the landlord had no incentive to charge a more sane rent ( a relative concept in london , to be sure ) . 
  thanks dude , that was super interesting . 
  i guess i was curious because i have from time to time seen really fiercely anti-arab comments on social media news stories from turks , but since the comments were in english and along the lines of `` these fucking arabs are so backwards/barbaric/religiously fanatical '' i was curious if the other end of the turkish political spectrum saw things differently . 
  thanks . 
  another question , does support for the refugees break down along ideological/party lines in turkey ? 
   then there are the majority who are not much visible , people who work shitty jobs for a little bit of money , live in overcrowded apartments in shitty conditions . 
  do syrian refugees generally have any legal right to work in turkey ? 
  if not , i guess they are working under-the-table ? 
  i understand man , good luck to you and your town . 
  thanks for the info . 
  looks like you have a lot more coming your way . 
  op , were they brought there by bus by the croatian authorities ? 
  the problem with british food is not with the ingredients ( britain has some really good raw ingredients - the lamb and beef in particular can be fantastic ) or the recipes , it 's just that for a while it was simply cooked really badly ( i 've read a theory that wwii and rationing , which lasted for ages afterwards , played a big role ) . 
  a british sunday roast , cooked properly , is delicious . 
  is british food as good as turkish food , on the whole ? 
  well , no , but it _ can _ be very tasty . 
  this is israel 's plan for african asylum seekers . 
   15-20 % are illiterate ? 
  yeah , that 's a translation error ( the german word used is ` analphabeten ' , which means ` illiterate ' ) . 
   where does someone like that fit in a post industrial economy ? 
  pretty much not at all . 
  maybe they can pick crops or sweep the streets , but there 's not much else they can do . 
  even for the minority of skilled workers it will be hard for their qualifications to be recognised . 
  we have experienced this as a family and we have friends with the same problem - and this is with qualifications from other eu countries . 
  maybe the german government will make it easier to do so , but i am skeptical that existing middle-class professionals will willingly allow more competition for their jobs . 
  those who speak english and have relevant it skills will probably be able to find work in the startup scene in berlin , but it 's going to be very hard for the rest of them . 
  ok , i 'm the op , so i guess you are calling me a closet nazi ? 
  that 's bemusing , but whatever ( i 'm not even german ) . 
  i saw this on / r/mapporn and thought it was interesting , so i shared it here . 
   ( even though only 11 % of the emigrants have a college degree ) . 
  is this lower than portugal in general ? 
  if so this sounds like this is a mostly working-class exodus . 
  would that be a fair assumption to make ? 
  brief summary for non-portuguese speakers ? 
   i have no idea how he stays sane in that enviroment . 
  according to wikipedia , he lives in dc , so i am guessing he works remotely . 
   and yet afaik i have n't seen the kind of massive population displacement we 're expecting from africa . 
  there 's been an incredible population displacement , it 's just happened within china ( and it 's been possibly the largest movement of people in human history ) . 
  hundreds of millions of people have moved within china for work opportunities , and china 's economy has more or less accommodated them . 
  i am pretty skeptical that china 's formula can be replicated within africa , so i think the potential for a huge outflow is much higher . 
  that was in france . 
  macedonia is gre ... at, 
  wow ... well , he 's certainly a charmer . 
  lucky finland !, 
  the problem is that no one really has a strong grasp on the size and composition of the us muslim community , because religion is absent from the census , so the estimates are all over the place due to the different methodologies involved . 
  according to the us state department , there are roughly equal numbers of south asian , arab and black muslims in the us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_the_united_states#/media/file:ethnic_composition_of_muslim_americans.png, 
  all those black people in detroit came up from the south to work as cheap labor in manufacturing from the 1930 's on ( a lot of southern whites moved up too , plus detroit also had a ton of immigrants from europe and the middle east ) . 
  if muslims are losing their faith , is that really a ` crisis ' ? 
  they certainly sell 2l sodas in germany . 
  i 'm not talking about political control though - by the time of the genocide it had been centuries since western armenia had been under armenian political control . 
  somewhere can still be your homeland even if your particular ethnic/religious group does n't control the state . 
  there 's something very childish about the way that turkish officials and a lot of turks act when the armenian genocide is brought up . 
  think of it this way - what if every time the holocaust was discussed german officials and ordinary citizens got all huffy and went `` but but germans suffered too !!!, 
  what about us ?!?! '', 
  and indeed that would be true ( ordinary germans suffered massively in wwii ) but it would also be missing the point . 
  germany and the germans are still here , just as turkey and the turks are still there . 
  on the other hand , armenians live in only a small fraction of their historic homeland ( and in many places that were centers of armenian life there are simply no armenians left ) , just as the jews were wiped out of places where they had lived and thrived in europe for centuries and centuries . 
  that 's the difference . 
  if there 's only one acceptable opinion , what 's the point of having a discussion thread ? 
  what 's with all the costumes ? 
  is this guy a regular on tv shows or something ? 
  thanks to you and the other translators !, 
  it 's interesting how between german and english i can understand pretty much everything you 've written there even without knowing the original text . 
  i 'd like to send one from my daughter , who is 4 .
