apart from the fact that their programs are bound to be far smaller than the us programs , i do n't see how this makes the whole mess less of a problem . 
  i 'm well aware that the us is n't the root cause of the whole spying affair . 
  the us is , however , by far the largest and most prominent player . 
   it 's pretty clear that the nsa feeds a lot of useful information to the germans , otherwise the german government would n't bother to cooperate . 
  that is what i do n't understand . 
  big german corporations are targeted and hurt by this . 
  it 's not very surprising that our conservative government does n't care about the privacy of its citizens . 
  but that they also do n't care about the main pillars of the economy is weird . 
   the americans make a great scapegoat but the reality is your own government is the one asking for all this cooperation ... 
  i did not say anything about americans ( as in the actual people ) . 
  the nsa targets americans just as it targets anyone else . 
  the clear disconnect between what governments do and what citizens want is equally pronounced in the us as it is in europe . 
  in my view , the nsa-bnd relationship is to asymmetrical to be called an alliance . 
  one might also question what kind of alliance spies on the citizens and corporations of an ally . 
  a more fitting question would have been : does the bnd hand over the most central internet hub of europe ( in frankfurt ) to the russians as well ? 
  i 'm unsure what you hope to illustrate with the video . 
  in germany at least , the only violence was committed by racists and neo-nazis . 
  yesterday , for example , racists attacked members of the german red cross . 
  http://www.msn.com/en-au/news/world/several-people-hurt-at-anti-refugee-protest-in-dresden/ar-aadtomd europe does n't have a refugee problem , it obviously has a problem with racist fringe elements . 
   this cartoon would be relevant if the family in the middle was replaced by a giant truck filled with ** nightmarish hoards of african men ** it is customary , to preped such statements with `` i 'm not racist , but ... '', 
  thank you for the correction . 
  i had mixed up total misrepresentation and this specific discrepancy . 
  my point is not tied to a specific party , however . 
  any strong voter misrepresentation is worrisome and undermines the idea of a democracy . 
  there is also the small matter of the election system in the uk . 
  conservative was only voted for by 36.8 % of the population . 
  however , this resulted in 50.8 % of the seats . 
  in other words : 63.2 % of the uk now have to contend with a majority government that has not been elected by a majority of voters . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2015#results - edit - as / u/brumsmithy correctly points out , it is not the worst discrepancy for a single party . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i however , there seems to be a strong trend towards more and more voter misrepresentation and the 2015 elections seem to have had one of the highest overall discrepancies in history . 
   sounds preposterous but can they enforce it ? 
  you can post a video anonymously through tor or the like after scrubbing identifying info . 
  i fear that the law might make it easier for the police to hinder activists and journalists from taking pictures or videos at all . 
  also , it 's easy to underestimate the number of people who still get their news from mainstream media . 
  and those will probably have to abide by the new law . 
  yesterday german media was full with articles reporting how `` mad and shocked '' berlin was that greece did not take a deal that promised a 35 billion euro investment program . 
  today , we know that the 35 billion are only subsidies that greece could get anyway as a eu member . 
  and the best part : since greece would have to pay a part of each subsidy itself , they can not afford them in the foreseeable future . 
  nonetheless , our german government feigned moral outrage that greece did not immediately agree to this `` generous offer '' . 
  and now jean-claude juncker continues with this undignified charade . 
  i for one start to feel `` betrayed '' by their blatant dishonesty . 
  i beg your pardon , but if a prison culture is toxic enough to twist the cultural perception of a whole nation , then you do have far more pressing problems than fighting against `` homosexual propaganda '' . 
  and as `` real scientist '' i can tell you that in the absence of specific information , we often use similar findings from other contexts . 
  also , there is the small matter of in dubio pro reo . 
  lgbt people do n't have to prove that they are not a bad influence , you have to prove that they are . 
  if you ca n't then they shall not be judged . 
  it 's the most basic principle of a modern justice system . 
  in fact , it is a fundamental principle of the russian justice system :  the constitution of russia , in article 49 , states that `` everyone charged with a crime shall be considered not guilty until his or her guilt has been proven in conformity with the federal law and has been established by the valid sentence of a court of law '' . 
  it also states that `` the defendant shall not be obliged to prove his or her innocence '' and `` any reasonable doubt shall be interpreted in favor of the defendant '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presumption_of_innocence of course this refers primarily to law suits , but it demonstrates that the basic moral principle has been enshrined in the constitution of russia . 
  so i really do n't have to generalize anything from other societies . 
  give lgbt people the benefit of the doubt . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  so to summarize : - we do n't know if there is * any * problem at all with gay marriage . 
  - nonetheless , we should not even discuss the topic in mainstream media . 
  - we should also ignore all the research from other countries because there * might * be the chance that some are not applicable to russia . 
  based on this you feel comfortable with limiting fundamental human rights and civil liberties ( e.g. , freedom of expression ) . 
  that is absurd . 
  the approach you describe is clearly dysfunctional . 
  your approach would reject any form of progress and any form of social change . 
  there was not a single advance in technology , social progress , or cultural innovation in the history of humanity that would satisfy your demand . 
  if all humans thought that way we would still be hunter-gatherers somewhere in africa . 
  no fire , no caves , no cities , no agriculture . 
  after all , how could we be certain that there are no negative effects ? 
  i 'm curious : you can not provide reliable empirical data and you can not provide consistent logical arguments . 
  do you ever entertain the notion that you might simply be wrong ? 
  invoking a form of russian '' [ exceptionalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exceptionalism ) '' is hardly evidence for any of your claims . 
  many of your claims refer to objective facts . 
  there is nothing about russian culture that should stop you from providing clear , peer-reviewed , scientific evidence for your claims . 
  russia has , after all , a long tradition of brilliant scientists . 
  also , the very claim that findings that apply to other societies do not apply to russia can be tested as well . 
  why do n't you provide clear , peer-reviewed , scientific evidence for your claim that russia is so different from other human societies that somehow basic psychological , sociological , and economical mechanisms work differently . 
  i ca n't help but notice that while i have provided several sources and empirical findings , you do not provide evidence for your claims . 
  you are simply repeating assumptions without addressing the manifold logical and empirical objections i have raised and sourced . 
  feel free to link peer-reviewed empirical papers that support your arguments . 
   but it is not forbidden !, 
  all that is forbidden is promoting certain ideas to children . 
  go ahead and promote lgbt ideas to adults , that 's 100 % legal as long as you make sure that no child can access it . 
  you do realize that this makes it even illegal to discuss this in a newspaper ? 
  this is a massive restriction of the freedom of expression without the slightest shred of evidence that there are any harmful consequences . 
   all those things you 've listed are already illegal in russia . 
  there is a difference between the letter of the law and how the law is enforced . 
  in the end , it comes down to two things . 
  first , 100 % homosexuals are rare . 
  most are bisexual to some extent . 
  meaning that in the society where a homosexual relationship is promoted as being completely equal to heterosexual one ( which is a lie ) , some people will choose biologically unproductive relationship . 
  here is an idea : why not support families with children more ? 
  more investments into playschools , primary and secondary schools , and recreational activities for children . 
  and of course more support and better training and counseling programs for parents . 
  all of these are measures that will increase fertility , help these children develop to their full potential and involve no discrimination . 
  yes , these measures cost money , but the return of investment of supporting children early on for societies is enormous . 
  people do n't stay childless , because they suddenly feel `` gay '' . 
  they often stay childless , because they fear that children are a poverty risk ( which they often are due to a lack of support ) and that children will kill their careers ( which can happen , because companies are often not very child friendly ) . 
  these are the issues that need to be addressed . 
  blaming lgbt is just a smoke screen to distract from the real social challenges . 
   i do n't think there were any societies which equalised homo - and heterosexual relationships to the point that there is possible not only to have homosexual family , but also raise kids in said family . 
  do you know possible long-term consequences of that ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  you ca n't , yet . 
  true , we do n't know the long-term consequences yet .
