  looking at countries like france where even a socialist government took `` only '' 65k refugees , i do n't see how their view on that is extreme . 
  letting in over 2 million refugees seems on the other hand quite extreme to me . 
  trump and many other republicans do n't believe in it . 
  they 're not considered to be extremists either . 
  the afd is n't more right than the republican party in the us . 
  sure , they 're unreasonable , populist and a party like that has n't existed since 1945 , but they 're not more extreme than die linke . 
  you 're right . 
  i do n't like afd but i 'm strongly against demonizing the party . 
  fuck isolationism . 
  isolationism was the cause of ww1 . 
  isolationism made ww2 much worse than it could 've been . 
  we 're not going back there . 
  isolationism is n't compatible with the moral obligation to help . 
  that does not mean that we have to engage in every conflict ( vietnam , iraq etc. 
  ) , but it means that if countries ask for our help , we must help them . 
  you 're mistaken if you think isolationism will lead to peace ( probably what many leftists think ) . 
  isolationism is simply the equivalent of looking away when an old lady gets robbed . 
  the reason why some people hate the west is n't because we engaged in conflicts . 
  they are pissed because we engaged in the ** wrong ** conflicts . 
  that 's what you mean with `` dying/protecting/guarding unthankful people '' . 
  these people are n't unthankful , they just feel like we did more harm than good . 
  you 're disregarding that many people in south korea are still very thankful towards us for protecting them against nk . 
  the same goes for the people of many european countries . 
  then let 's hope it wo n't come this far . 
  i do n't believe that trump could do that alone . 
  i 'm more worried about him cutting spendings and doing backdoor deals with putin which would undermine the power of nato and the protective role of the us . 
  trumps comment on russia 's activities in ukraine could be an indication for that . 
  the nato could become less reliable . 
   the eu is already covered by nato and other allies if trump gets president and means what he says , we ca n't trust the nato ( the us basically ) to protect us . 
   seems like sovereign ( or what used to be sovereign ) states it 's a union . 
  there is no european constitution . 
  good idea if you want to throw your money away ( especially iceland ) . 
  there are many eastern eupean doctors in my local hospital . 
  i have a hard time understanding them when they speak german . 
  sometimes i switch to english because it 's actually easier . 
  that 's not how it should be . 
  and these people already live in germany for several years ( i asked some of them ) . 
  after 10 years non-natives speak german pobably good enough ( although still not perfectly ) . 
  do n't create false illusions be saying that after a year you can easily work in germany . 
  that 's not the case . 
  exactly . 
  it 's funny when american mention their beloved `` freedom of speech '' as if it was completely unconditional in oppsite to that of many european countries . 
  in reality you 're not allowed to say whatever you want in the us :  there are exceptions to these general protections , including the miller test for obscenity , child pornography laws , speech that incites imminent lawless action , and regulation of commercial speech such as advertising . 
  within these limited areas , other limitations on free speech balance rights to free speech and other rights , such as rights for authors over their works ( copyright ) , protection from imminent or potential violence against particular persons , and restrictions on the use of untruths to harm others ( slander ) . 
  distinctions are often made between speech and other acts which may have symbolic significance . 
  complete freedom of speech is an illusion . 
  people usually do n't get killed because of `` gang violence '' . 
   also , i thought they visited a camp at some time in high school . 
  i 'd say that 's rather the exception than the norm . 
  right extremists like to simply invalidate the whole system . 
  according to them the media and schools are propaganda machines . 
  that makes it easy for them to deny something like the holocaust by saying that all evidence consists of lies wth the intention to indoctrinate us . 
  who is going to proof them wrong when nobody actually witnessed it ? 
  that makes it so dangerous today . 
  this is why we negotiate . 
  i do n't think our politicians would agree to the deal simply to please the us . 
  people like to portray our politicians as american puppets ( atleast in germany ) , but i 'm pretty sure they wo n't act against their own interests . 
  that 's what hollande already made clear . 
  always blame the poll if you do n't like its result . 
  old trick . 
  -3 for pro-ttip in the span of one year is n't a lot . 
  i 'd say it 's still at roughly 50 % . 
  how do you know it 's still dropping ? 
  is it just an assumption or do you have facts ? 
  i for myself am pretty sure that roughly 50 % still support ttip . 
  in the end it 's nevertheless up to the politicians . 
  at the moment we do n't know anything about the progress of the negotiation . 
  hollande threatened to call it off but he retreated . 
  the german government , in difference to public opinion polls , is obviously very pro-ttip . 
  still mainly positive , especially in denmark . 
  i doubt it changed much this year . 
  wrong . 
  only in germany ( and austria ) . 
  http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/europaeische-union/eu-umfrage-deutsche-lehnen-mehrheitlich-ttip-ab-13399065.html anti-americanism plays its part in germany . 
  gb is n't exactly an export nation ( lowest percentage of export in relation to gdp in eu ) . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  it relies strongly on imports and that 's going to be a problem . 
  it rose slowly after hitting its lowest point and then sunk back to nearly the lowest point again today . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  yes . 
  both sides were partially dishonest and did n't take it as serious as they should have . 
  i think nobody really expected that britain might really vote for leave . 
  the reaction of both sides after the vote shows that . 
  there is n't any recovery . 
  the pound still has n't recovered much from its lowest point of $ 1.32 ( $ 1,34 now ) . 
  before the brexit it was at nearly $ 1,50 . 
  and the fall of the pound at the moment has n't even really has anything to do with the consequences of the brexit . 
  it 's just the uncertainty of investors . 
  the real consequences will come when britain actually exits the eu . 
   so far , so good economy-wise . 
  well , maybe it 's because gb has n't left the eu yet ? 
  look up what economists say about the brexit . 
  you wo n't find many favouring it . 
  you 're right , in this context government = the system , otherwise the following passage would make no sense . 
  but the whole passage nevertheless states that an overthrow of the old with a replacement of a new government is only legitimate if the foundational rights get attacked in `` a long train of abuses and usurpations '' and not because of `` light and transient causes '' . 
  this is of course very vague , but one can argue that as long as the foundational rights are n't restricted , there is no need for a revolution . 
  and i think you will agree with me that this is the case at the moment . 
  the reason why your country is n't called a `` parliamentary democracy '' is n't because you do n't have a parliament , it 's because your president gets elected independently ( like in france in a way ) and not together with the members of the parliament like in germany or gb . 
  in the latter countries the majority party of the lower house ( bundestag in germany ) places the leader . 
   if you were british and you felt that ` liberty ' meant national sovereignty , you would probably see the eu as harmful to your liberty , meaning you have the right to abolish it .
