  it still does n't take a genius to realise that that was n't the reason for his attack . 
  i explained why . 
  and the lka , most politicians and most newspapers also see it this way . 
  he had no connection to any right wing organisations/groups/parties . 
  this kid was in a mental hospital , was prescribed drugs for his depression , was bullied in his class because he was n't an arab or turk like the others ( he hinted at that in his diary ) and he failed an exam the day he went on the killing spree . 
  his appearant racist views are the consequence of the bullying but they definitely were n't the reason for the attack . 
  he was not only obsessed by breivik but by most other mass shootings as well ( he visited winnenden ) . 
  you do n't honestly believe that an ** 18 year old iranian ** is seriously a racist/right extremists , do n't you ? 
  he was being bullied by arabs and turks/kurds . 
  he wrote that in his manifest . 
  he wrote that he was proud of being iranian and not turkish/kurdish or arabian ( \u201e t\u00fcrkei = isis `` ) . 
  one reason for his bullying was appearantly that he was an iranian . 
  there is still a strong anomosity between shias and sunnis and not only in the me . 
  there are frequent attacks on shias because they 're `` no true muslims '' . 
  this could very well have played a part in the bullying . 
  several officials and prosecutors hinted at that . 
  totally true . 
  my parents always did that during holidays . 
  he was a teenager who was being bullied because he was iranian ( shia ) and not turkish/kurdish like the others . 
  he personally knew these people . 
  he was neither against migration nor was he racist afaik . 
  that 's the first time i hear that . 
  i did n't really notice any difference when i went to the netherlands . 
  in nearly every map there is `` german tourists '' . 
  do we really travel that much ? 
  `` hartung '' . 
  sorry what ? 
  never heard of this word . 
  in 2011 660 out of 82 million were killed in germany . 
  that 's nothing in terms of pure numbers . 
  so right extremism is no threat ? 
  gun violence and homocide in general is no threat ? 
  because those casualties are minor compared to other causes of death . 
  yeah , he 's a teenager . 
  his `` i 'm smarter than other kids my age '' painfully reminds me of my teenage years . 
  he 's a teenager . 
  this is not about your country . 
  it 's just about teenagers hating other people . 
  his grammar has some mistakes , so i doubt that . 
   i feel more like older than a lot of people i know and are older then me . 
  they just consume the information people give team without even thinking about it every kid thinks that . 
  i was in that phase too . 
  it might sound condescening , but i do n't think you have enough maturity to really decide about your future right now . 
  when i was a teenager everyone wanted to move to the us , but now things have changed because people realized as they grew up that there are many things in the us that are actually much worse than in europe ( czech repubulic included ) . 
  i do n't know you , but my guess is that that 's just a phase . 
  he 's the kind of conservative we need in germany . 
   with religion , i was referring to the religious wars in the 17th century between the catholics , and the various protestants . 
  first , this was about power in the first place and religion only in the second place . 
  it was basically habsburg and its allies vs france and its allies . 
  second , it was an european war . 
  many countries were involved . 
  again , the netherlands being one of them . 
  many countries were involved in creating this tension that led to ww1 . 
  brits hated germans and vice versa , france hated germany and vice versa . 
  many distrusted the newly created german nation . 
  nationalism was on the rise everywhere . 
  because of bismarck germany never had significant colonies . 
  if you 're taliking about taking imperialism too far , you should mention britains and spains bloody adventures in america or the enslavement of blacks or the oppression of aborinals in australia . 
  germany never did something like that . 
  i think the only time germany really took it too far was national socialism . 
  i agree with taking it to an extreme but i do n't think it 's `` german people '' only . 
  it was in fact spain , britain and france that took imperialism to an extreme . 
  and many more european countries were involved in the crusades ( netherlands as part of hre included ) . 
  we did take nationalism to an exreme though . 
  i also disagree with the moral arrogance a lot of germans seem to have when it comes to the handling of the refugee crisis . 
  how am i a `` nazi '' when i disagree with a policy that even france , where a left party is in power , does n't follow ? 
  for a good reason . 
  they have little credibility due to getting funded by the russian government . 
  source ? 
  data ? 
  evidence ? 
  anything but conspiracy theories and scapegoating ? 
  wrong . 
  the eu commission pushed for this and this commission is made up of 28 commissioners - one commissioner per country . 
  explain how exactly `` germany pushed for this '' . 
  it 's scapegoating what you 're doing . 
  you 're acting as if the whole eu is controlled by germany ( especially in 2004 that was n't the case ) and those eastern countries were `` forced '' into joining the eu . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  eastern countries joined because 1 ) they wanted those trading benefits and eu financial support and 2 ) they wanted to prevent russian influence . 
  they underestimated the effect of the stronger currency and overestimated the economic advantages . 
  is n't that contradictory ? 
  on the one hand you claim german profits from `` ripping off those poor countries '' and on the other hand you claim the eu harms germany ? 
  germany 's economy continues to grow and unemployment continues to fall . 
  nothing germany does at the moment is stupid . 
  germany 's power is growing and many , you included , do n't like that . 
  in your opinion the eu and germany are harming poor european countries ( i partly agree ) , but that 's another topic . 
  taking refugees was never a decision . 
  it was clear from beginning on that it is a moral obligation . 
  an obligation that most other countries failed to commit to . 
  like i said , in my opinion it was simpy a mistake to accept poor countries . 
  does n't matter who decided this . 
  i 'm not sure how much we profited from this though . 
  except for poland and czech republic those eastern countries are n't significant trading partners . 
  you also have to consider that it makes it much easier for those countries to trade with western europe . 
  the whole narrative that `` germany is ripping them off '' is flawed . 
  she is n't but she represents her party and her party has many catholic members . 
  yeah , i guess that 's our 50 % catholic christians . 
  i think they do it for different reasons . 
  they probably think converting to christianity will safe them from getting deported because christians are often minorities in those countries and they think because of that they can now file for religous asylum . 
  i 'd say it differently : i would n't rule out that some are serious about it , but i doubt that the majority is .
