  until you mentioned that, 
   hungary was my vote . 
  they 've been a country since the 800 's . 
  their history of origin & development from steppe nomads into a christian middle power is quite intriguing as well . 
  you know you 're home stumbling upon semi-subtle m&b references . 
  imo you should just ignore those answers . 
  putting in random civs instead defeats the whole purpose really . 
   i remove all harambe answers and replace them with something popular , like persia or the ottomans, 
  i still think such are way far fetched to take the poll seriously . 
  well i see arguing is futile . 
  your poll man . 
  what 's ridiculous is that he could actually buy the rights for it . 
  this is why you do n't skip school , kids . 
  you do realize you can sail into the wind , right ? 
  see , learning something , your day was n't completely worthless after all . 
  my pleasure, 
  everything is dried lake < 3 viable, 
  until you discover that salt is a thing, 
  i would have died like 10 times down that course . 
  well there 's no gore . 
  mafia 1 's story was freakin ' awesome . 
  i never play games for the story but there i found myself doing just that . 
  seems to me that in the op they do n't even perform the activities in 3 ( watched first few minutes ) while in 2 they let it run all the way . 
  i played gta iii the time i got my hand on mafia 1 . 
  it was so much better in a lot of ways . 
  ah yes , now i see . 
  that 's awful . 
  or india 's toilet beaches . 
  he can still get the pics if the screen breaks . 
  there 's certainly a cool vs practical vibe there . 
  you 've earned the `` not youtube depths '' badge . 
  yeah that does n't help much . 
  i always feel like dutch is but funny german . 
   i feel very lucky to be in the uk, 
  meanwhile the pound is nearing parity with the euro . 
  without trianon , romania would be a second moldova . 
  that 's really cool and fitting . 
  feelsdraugrman, 
  it 's pretty much the perfect song for a game like civ . 
  how do you top baba yetu though ? 
  you can always just keep a couple well promoted ones around to finish up weakened units . 
  i really like the scythian uu . 
  ranged ( so free initial dmg ) + added dmg when attacking weakened unit , really plays into the whole swarm theme of them since you 'll always want to keep a couple around , not just solo . 
  man , gon na love them . 
  why is that that some civs have several uus ? 
  that should be the case for all of them then . 
  where 's the fun in that though ? 
  some people would eat their breakfast off either one, 
   going to war for the sake of pillaging/generating builders can be a good idea . 
  which actually is awesome since , historically , the aztecs sometimes waged wars just to capture men ( to sacrifice , but still ) . 
  well you can balance things out , do n't have to go all-out necessarily . 
  since they heal when they kill a unit ( iirc ) , imo they are more durable than one might 'd expect them to be . 
  feeling some caligula vibes here, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dgbuboxa48 ), 
  do n't they upgrade to knights or something ? 
  but even if they do n't , if you have steamrolled 3-4 civs with them your investment has already returned . 
  i do n't really see the problem . 
  at that point you should be much wider than most other civs so you wo n't have a problem keeping ahead . 
  but then again i only played emperor-immortal in civ iii and iv so no idea about how things work out on higher difficulty levels . 
  yeah it 's quite interesting , i 've never played v so i 'd assume i 'll have a different perception of vi than most . 
  is this conquest downtime the same as when cities revolted in iii for a couple turns ? 
  well what i was thinking is that with more territory i 'd get my hand on more luxuries/amenities so it 'd balance things out somewhat . 
  but otherwise , unhappiness is n't a complete shutdown like in earlier civs , only some setback . 
  having relatively large but somewhat unhappy cities might not be as bad as it sounds . 
  it might not be completely efficient but i 'd assume it 'd be still better ( due to extra resources , trade , territory that 's not your rivals ' etc. ), 
  than having none . 
  i guess we 'll see how the nuances of mechanics work out . 
  i * really * hope so , the main reason i purchased it is that i can play hotseat with friends . 
  and in the --, 
  it 's exactly 1 second away from perfection , too bad . 
  hungarians are not slavs . 
  fixed your inaccuracy . 
  ah , thought he replied to the other comment , nvm . 
  man i wish i was fifteen , i would not fuck around as much as i did before . 
  pining for the fjords !, 
  alright , sorry and thanks !, 
  [ faaall !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qrrznidzic ), 
  you do n't trust firaxis ? 
  or paradox ? 
  i think it lends a certain poetic feel to it in the sharp contrast of the rounded lips with the broken top part ,, 
  i think at that point you 're treating yourself with the item . 
  `` am i the emperor of europe ? 
  why yes , yes i am . 
  i deserve all my belongings to be worthy for an emperor . '', 
  [ the wall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxp8th41rbs ), 
  it * is * the standard way of emphasizing in written text though . 
  standards have fallen . 
  i think i remember you from some movie ? 
  and iv . 
  iv was excellent . 
  vi has potential to be even better though . 
  in iv you could select whether the world should be torodial or spherical , for every map type , for this very reason . 
  every time i see something about civ iv i ca n't help but reminisce how good it was . 
  i was hoping that 's how it worked !, 
   are they scripted to do this ? 
  tbf i survived and won an initial war when i was in the middle of producing settlers/workers having a warrior and a scout on immortal . 
  it really felt like the ai was n't prepared sufficiently for it ( only had a couple warriors ) so i 'm wondering as well . 
  probably common knowledge but you can check each city 's culture hovering over the culture yield in the upper left . 
  neither does traian .
