   i go to jail on weekends in canada . 
  that 's a nice pasttime, 
  [ the roof the roof the roof is on fire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adgx9wt63ny ), 
   north korea 's airforce still flies mig-17 's, 
  lmao , what the hell . 
  best souls, 
  i get bored real fast if something does n't happen . 
  yeah we can talk and get drunk as heck but there 's only ever an interesting event every n parties . 
  much prefer spending time with friends doing sports . 
  thanks !, 
  yes , doing fine on 5k so i would like to challenge myself a bit more . 
  when do you start worrying about hydration/nutrition ? 
   just curious what your longest run has been so far ? 
  the 5ks that i 've done lately . 
  i 'm fairly active though , but not on the running front , i do ride ( mtb ) often . 
  as for hr creep , what i noticed is that if i 'm running alone i always * feel * like i 'd want to run faster and faster . 
  i get the impression sometimes that running slower * feels * more exhausting than not . 
  i 'd guess it 's down to the different form at different speeds ? 
  that 's a great summary , i 'll keep these in mind . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'll probably attend an event sometime during the summer ( there are a couple where i 'll be that time ) but that is all i have for plans so far . 
  there 's also a swimming event i 'd like to tackle , actually started running to build up stamina for that ( no pool at current place ) . 
  i 'll keep pushing my limits , maybe if i find 10ks fairly doable i 'll go up to 15k-half marathon distances , do n't mind challenging myself . 
  i wo n't rush anything though , just slow and steady . 
   for your purposes , just start a bit slower, 
  will do , i 'll try to figure out if my body 's capable of tackling the 10k atm without much trouble . 
  if i 'll stay fairly fresh ( or not terribly exhausted ) by the end i 'll push the last km or so . 
  ( is that a silly thing to do ? ), 
  thanks , appreciated !, 
  no worries i 'll finish it even if i have to drag myself the last few kms . 
  but you know , it never hurts to ask around for directions , it 's free . .  and others can learn from it too . 
  the reason i 'm skipping straight to a 10k is because the last two 5ks i did n't even feel the fatigue . 
  i 'd like to see where my current boundaries are at . 
  thanks i 'll write that down !, 
  dude i almost spit my damn beans . 
  and indeed , at the end , every duck dies all the same . 
  i tried syncing with garmin express as well and got the message that their servers is n't available . 
  think so !, 
   self-centered , insecure , immature , and mean-spirited, 
  objectively , my last ex . 
  hey it 's me ur charity, 
  til , thanks !, 
  * silently nods *, 
  `` you 're right that you 're wrong '' sounds , um , reasonable, 
  r5 with arrow pleases, 
  how did they get a fresh leia for r1 ? 
  delet this, 
  their online chat thing did n't work, 
  that 's what i was thinking , i 'm wondering though if the calorie count will be off , considering walking is a different activity to running ? 
  how about that little detail that you ca n't advance to lv70 unless you * pay * for a particular pack ? 
  no , i 'm arguing that it 's not entirely free . 
  there 's quite a difference between p2w and f2p . 
  rift is n't f2p at all , thus not free . 
  not sure what 's that difficult to fathom about this . 
  why , it 's right between l and \u00e1 !, 
  or the kerbal . 
  why would they use brownish camo in urban setting ? 
   i would never give the `` thumb 's up, 
  how come ? 
  is that condescending ? 
   it 's also helped me when i pass a cyclist or another runner who shoots me a thumbs up . 
  this has happened with me , i rode out in the morning rain sunset watching and coming back i saw a guy running uphill , still in the rain . 
  gave him a big cheer and thumbsup , he visibly enjoyed it . 
  [ backstory ] ( http://www.wfmynews2.com/news/local/january-24-1961-hydrogen-bombs-fell-over-north-carolina/392196989 ), 
  [ historic name of the region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bessarabia ), 
  i 'm doing a 13k next day for my first ever race , only ran 10k twice before . 
  i assume it 's for challenging himself !, 
   cracks me up that this sub tells people to consult a doctor , then distrusts the doctor after consulting . 
  and upvotes that shit !, 
  almost as if there were different people with different opinions !, 
  thank you !, 
  it rained almost the whole time but ended up with a 10k pb ( 55:49 ) and a pace 30sec faster than what i planned !, 
  :d ( 1:12:31 overall with 5:37 pace ), 
  considering it was 30 % longer than what i ever ran i 'm pretty satisfied :d, 
  i thought there was another coming by the gestures at the end . 
  shit 's crowded yo, 
  i ca n't believe you 've done this, 
   the toughest part is pronunciation/listening comprehension though ... 
  yeah i noticed that during duolingo lessons ( at 310 xp now ) ... why do you guys just omit the end of the words [ ?? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  about 3 seconds . 
  my fastest time writing it down is 6-7 seconds though . 
  of course , \u0151 and \u0171 !, 
  did n't know about ctrl + clicking , thanks !, 
  i 'm thinking about sacrificing relations with one party for a stronger start . 
  that 's what i usually did in m&b . 
  however , there are only 3 ( ? ), 
  main parties in this game instead of 5 so it 's a more severe sacrifice . 
  are there any ways of reversing relations after they turn hostile on you ? 
  also , unrelated , but can you actually build a kingdom/capture settlements ? 
  battle brothers is quite akin to m&b . 
  played m&b to death , even had several thousand ( in-game ) days into prophesy of pendor , enjoying bb so far ( played about 15-20 hours ) . 
  you just put a ton of games on my radar . 
  similar to boi : enter the gungeon . 
  bought it as a `` hey this 'll be fun to waste 5 mins here and there '' kind of game , now playing championships of it with friends ... :d, 
  that should at least be clarified in the seed input at start ... 
  though i doubt that 's how it was intended to work . 
  thought it was obvious from the context , apparently people are way too self-centered to realize what he meant by the title ... 
  they do n't cover shit though . 
  been learning on duolingo since , quite decent !,
