a stop in salzburg might be practical, 
  may as well go into browser and get one , although considering how fast apps are updating you 'll probably be able to change it even with mobile soon . 
  i use mobile too, 
  ok , but not everyone looks at that . 
  easier to just get a flair, 
  to show that you 're from ireland get a flair, 
  yeah this is the case with austria and germany where the president holds almost no power compared to the chancellor . 
  austria 's president is n't really hated but that 's because he does nothing . 
  are you saying you do n't love a good m\u00e9gathread ? 
  austria called , they want their tricolor back, 
  op sure has a relevant username, 
  * ttip , not tipp for the partnership, 
  he even posted to reddit about it : http://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/32nzt8/houd_nederland_schoon/, 
  flying \\* , operational 24h \\* * * terms and conditions apply ** except when they 're not , which is from 4 pm to 8 am, 
  this was n't emirates , it was flydubai, 
  european lcc concept , where they put a plane at one airport , to fly to any given destination ( s ) during the day , but always back and forth from that airport . 
  different from traditional airlines which only have one or two bases ( lufthansa has fra & muc , klm has ams ) , where the planes stay overnight , here the low cost carriers are spreading them out all over europe . 
  but the headline implies that all planes are based in the uk/ireland , which is bs . 
  ryanair has plenty of bases across southern europe , it just means that they 're decreasing the amount of planes in uk bases and moving them abroad . 
  cool, 
  i 've seen a few systems ( at parking garages mostly ) scanning the front plates , there 's the ability to identify the location the car is from easily , and security footage might only be able to capture the car at one angle . 
  in real life with a notepad and a pen , the rear plate may be the only option if you 're chasing a car , but if existing evidence , photo/video only shows the front , you 're sol . 
  yup , this is so weird to me . 
  was in south carolina , every car had either a blank front or a dealer logo or a sports team . 
  why they do n't have them at the front confuses me to no end , hell , in vietnam they were even required on the side of the vehicle in many cases ( although not as a plate , merely as a sticker ), 
  what do n't you get ? 
  the uk still has n't left and `` at this rate '' , as in the way things are currently going , the uk will remain in the eu and contribute to an eu medal count at least until the next olympics . 
   if your grandpa is plotting against jong-un , you and your own grandkids get sent to the gulag for life !, 
   they ca n't use the force i 'm picturing a jedi tearing off this woman 's clothes with the force alone . 
  but those are clothes , really . 
  replace the wetsuit with normal clothes , and you have a lady wearing a headscarf at the beach . 
  if you do n't want any religious symbols in public places , you ca n't draw the line arbitrarily . 
  you are n't banning any of the various types of jewish headgear . 
  point is , if i was wearing a long sleeve tshirt , jeans , and a hat + scarf , at the beach , it 'd be equivalent to this lady . 
  but because it 's not a ` religious symbol ' it 's allowed . 
  it just seems so fucking arbitrary , i can not wrap my head around it . 
  also , what do you suggest this lady change into ? 
  i know you want to reply ` without the headscarf ' but that goes against this woman 's own beliefs , believe it or not . 
  in many cases , yes , the men are the reason they 're worn , but in many more cases the women themselves are covering up for their own religious reasons . 
  they 're not putting that on before they go outside thinking , `` oh better go enforce my political/religious message with this propaganda item '' , which you are implying is the reason they 're worn . 
  i hate religion as a concept myself , but this approach is a truly ridiculous one that infringes on freedom of expression . 
  `` we just do n't want any religious symbols in public places '' , are you reading yourself type ? 
  is this your secular approach ? 
  from a state point of view , sure . 
  keep god out of your public buildings , money and out of your constitution . 
  but that should not extend to the individual . 
  hardly suspicious . 
  mail ballots did not suddenly ` come in ' , they are always counted the day after the physical election . 
  mail ballots tend to come from foreigners ( more likely pro-eu ) and students ( more liberal ) as well as city folk that have a country house for the weekend and are thus not able to vote in the election in their district ( urban folk , again more liberal ), 
  wait , would n't the donald brigade be at work ( or lack thereof ) while it 's evening in europe ? 
  i do n't think this election means that the streets or the snow will disappear . 
  that 's climate change , which is a whole different issue . 
  wait , what ? 
  okay , so from your original claim , it implies that ` non-westerner ' turnout was high enough to swing the vote alone . 
  i would love to see , as i said , statistics on how the election would look without ` them ' , if you can find a definition for ` them ' . 
  imo if you can vote in the election , you 're austrian , and your vote matters . 
  non-austrians keep using it in the thread , wondering the same lol . 
  you 're assuming 100 % voter participation from those non-european immigrants . 
  that is simply not the case, 
  i accept that that is a fact , i would like to see numbers on the claim that ` real ' austrians voted for hofer as a majority . 
  i was born in the netherlands , so i am literally moroccan because as you may know all of the netherlands has been totally ruined by the eeeevil muuuslims, 
  muh ethnicity edit : downethnicaustrians , really ? 
  right , i 'll take your word for it then . 
  facts , who needs them ? 
  pfft . 
  you 're not wrong then , just an odd statement to make from an austrian point of view . 
  i 'd love to see some numbers on this . 
  right . 
  i 'm missing your point . 
  vdb is ethnically estonian , but he 's still austrian . 
  you ca n't make the point that he 's not a ` real austrian ' because of his ethnicity . 
  two of my grandparents are dutch , one is bulgarian . 
  i only have one austrian grandparent , and yet i still consider myself austrian , grew up in austria , carry an austrian passport , etc. 
  i 'm aware , but he 's a german politician and worked as a member of germany 's government , he grew up in germany and is a part of german society . 
  he 's ` really german ' . 
   ethnically german my god phillip r\u00f6sler is n't a real german then either , but i do n't think i 've heard anyone say that, 
  i mean ... 
  if it walks like a duck , swims like a duck , and quacks like a duck ... 
  it 's probably a duck . 
  define ` really austrian ', 
  the currently remaining districts according to the last update [ here ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/politik/bpwahl/4994223/liveticker_van-der-bellen-uberholt-hofer?_vl_backlink=/home/index.do ) are salzburg city , feldkirch , bregenz , and innsbruck . 
  i do n't know about innsbruck but vdb won the other three , and innsbruck too iirc since he won all state capitals except eisenstadt . 
  i do n't think they 're necessarily making them mutually inclusive here but judging from their attitude it seems like that 's what they believe anyway, 
  i think i will , thank you very much, 
  way more hofer support in here than on / r/austria , interesting, 
  no but then sweden would win again and we 'd be stuck in a loop, 
  it does n't have international recognition as a sovereign state ( because it is n't one ) , thus no seat at the un and no control of its foreign affairs/diplomacy , which are controlled by denmark . 
  it also does n't have its own military beyond the coast guard . 
  that 's not what canada is though , it 's in the commonwealth so the queen is also queen of canada , in a separate capacity . 
  the queen of the uk , canada , and australia are effectively different . 
  the ` kingdom ' is the uk , with countries within it : england , scotland , wales , ni . 
  similarly the kingdom of the netherlands encompasses 4 countries : the netherlands , aruba , curacao , st. maarten . 
  so you 're correct about the `` only the kingdom '' part , but that 's nothing like canada which is de facto 100 % independent . 
  yup , this is the one my mother got . 
   tusks ` detached from elephants ', 
  criticizing the us got you called a fascist ... what the fuck ? 
  snowden/nsa/merkel 's phone affair did n't happen or what ? 
  you do n't hold elections for ministers either , yet you probably wo n't find people complaining that the irish minister for transport is unelected , despite that being the reality . 
  they are approved by an elected body . 
  they 're selected by elected officials though , officials which you in part chose to represent your interests which hopefully also are reflected in their choice of commission member .
