russia has gained the `` trade war '' casus belli against germany !, 
  we 're only at revoke the privilegia after all , the hre has n't renovatio imperii 'd yet . 
  well that would be some news . 
  a gryphon-dove playing a harp ? 
  i can deal with that . 
  actually , need to toss in some horse in there for lithuania ... hmm . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  nah , goblins make stuff blow up , while gnomes tinker with electricity . 
  it may or may not work as designed . 
  you have internet on azeroth ? 
  wow , those gnomes have sure gotten far . 
  were they accompanied by spycrabs ? 
  yep , 19th century = stone age . 
  checks out . 
  swedes like to joke that every finn 's got a big knife on their person , 24/7 . 
  tacking a stereotype of violence onto that is just natural :p, 
  yes . 
  so now we know the secret to their military success . 
  it was energy drink all along !, 
  what a fine name , shit cheek . 
  hmmm ... do n't think we 've ever had a baguette invasion over here . 
  step it up , frenchies !, 
  well , it would 've worked 205 years ago . 
  rzeczpospolita 2 : the winged boogaloo, 
  finnish , swedish , english and german . 
  not too impressive , but pretty useful anyway . 
  that ... that actually explains a lot . 
  holy britannian empire , then ? 
  in russia , duh . 
  well , of course tampere is abroad to them since turku is a part of sweden :p, 
  nah , it 'd be [ russia shooting down its own planes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shelling_of_mainila ) if they intended to that . 
  6th of december is finland 's independence day , which is when our parliament declared independence from russia ( in 1917 ) . 
  the first acknowledgements from other countries only happened almost a month later , but who cares ... :p, 
  ugh , that switzerland in the middle . 
  remove bordergore, 
  wait , five thousand kilos ? 
  that 's some industrial-grade packaging right there . 
  i 'm not quite sure if you 're mocking the volume of finnish cheese production or the size of american cheeseburgers here ... 
  i choose to interpret it as mocking the burger sizes . 
  it 's a kind of cheese made by them . 
  i can see why it might seem like a typo though ... 
  it 's all about euphemisms . 
  as he said , `` everything is now a `` military operation . '' '', 
  so ... the first part has little weight . 
  it does n't have any of shepard 's favourite stores , though , does it ? 
  hey , do n't diss swedish chocolate . 
  marabou is food for the gods . 
  err , fat gods , i guess , but gods anyway . 
  especially that salmiakki version ... 
  dae surrender monkeys ? 
  piss off . 
  the pronounciation of \u00e5tta-sju-sex sounds like `` otta suu sex '' which would be * very * broken finnish for sucking dick . 
  it 's one of those ` jokes ' kids who just learned a couple of words of a language love - much like the black-fire-gay one a couple of years earlier when kids start learning english . 
  black-fire-gay literally translated to finnish would be ` musta tuli homo ' which is colloquial for ' i became gay '' . 
  ... well damnit . 
  noo , i think you 're confusing us with the brits . 
  well , i guess my definition for the word ` conspiracy ' is a bit more tinfoily than it should be then :p that sounds like run-of-the-mill scapegoating to me ... 
  the way i read it he was quoting the article threatening other countries under the guise of `` islamic terrorism '' . 
  as in , `` hey , we 're the new byzantines , keeping them mooslems out of good western countries . 
  now feed us so we can keel 'em evil mooslems , amirite ? 
  if you do n't , maybe some mooslems will slip through ... would be a shame if they did , right ? '', 
  so no , it would n't be a jewish conspiracy . 
  a convenient guise for israeli operations , however . 
  ah , good , the rice version . 
  the ones with mashed potato filling are n't even nearly as good . 
  hedging our bets , you know ? 
  it 's not ogre yet ... 
  hey now , we need a sum of two unique buildings or units too , no one 's going to play a civ with only an ability : /, 
  nooo . 
  m\u00e4mmi 's got nothing to do with tar . 
  speaking of tar , everything tar-flavored is great . 
   top three guesses for english dialects :  1 . 
  american ( standard )  2 . 
  singaporean  3 . 
  south african  top three guesses for native language :  1 . 
  chinese  2 . 
  english  3 . 
  greek well . 
  standard american for dialects and english as second guess for native language ... not too shabby for a non-native , i guess . 
  no idea why it thought i speak chinese though . 
  do n't know a single word of it . 
  what , something like this ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/zrjdub0.gif mandatory disclaimer : not mine . 
  [ jewish physics !, 
  ah , come on now , we 're still the best after 4 asian countries . 
  and , well ... umm , asians . 
  no explanation needed . 
  i feel like a traitor for preferring marabou to fazer now : / dat minttukrokantti though ... 
   all my knowledge has come from / r/polandball [ 1 ] and from what i have learnt all danes are evil and all swedes are the best , and i have no reason to not believe swedish propaganda ah , / u/dickrhino has done his job well , praise be to his hussar wings . 
  that 's just how we roll . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  did n't they wear the horned helms in ceremonies , or did that get disproven as well ? 
  yeah , spain is a pretty nice place . 
  surely the booze money we bring there every weekend makes up for it ? 
  but ... eesti can not into nordic . 
  how do you sink a swedish sub ? 
  you knock on the hatch . 
  that 's true , that 's what i referred to with the `` keeping our independence was far more than anyone had the right to hope for '' part . 
  ... as long as we get to be an independent part of it , we 'll be happy .
