  we had no such privileges last time around , after all . 
  yeah . 
  frankly , i 'm kind of annoyed by this constant myth about the winter war ... sure , keeping our independence was far more than anyone had the right to hope for , but people should by now start to accept that finland has only won one war , the lapland war . 
  and by then i assume it was more about the germans pulling their men out of there for relocation to more urgent theaters than dae le simo h\u00c4yh\u00c4 ??? 
  as a rule , finnish common nouns end in vowels , so if there 's none to be found in the original word , we 'll stick one there when lifting the word . 
  also , the union is called kalmarin unioni ( union of kalmar ) in finnish , which , were it solely a finnish name , would leave it ambiguous whether the word 's kalmar or kalmari . 
   the finns are attacking wat, 
  i used to live near an air force garrison , so i 'd pretty often hear them , if not necessarily see them . 
  other than that , there 's the annual independence day parade , albeit it 's held in another town . 
  and of course there are the conscripted boys ( and to a lesser extent girls ) walking around in uniform on their weekend leave . 
  oh , glitterhoof !, 
  that 's where you 've been hiding all this time !, 
  surprise anschluss !, 
  other half of the commonwealth ( not the rosbif one ) can into space !, 
  i do n't think disembodied parts of fish are going to help at all , there :p apart from possible stink , i suppose ... 
  but nato would be the ones invading !, 
  i mean , a certain nato country and its lapdogs . 
  oh no you do n't . 
  come on , the spaniards sit next to each other in buses . 
  could you believe that ? 
  well , you know , that 's actually been a thing here . 
  you might be onto something ... 
  hah , leave it to the poles to worry about plumbing ... 
  danish clay !, 
  i have no idea ... 
  it 's not as if a large-scale war is going to break out . 
  well , i hope so anyway . 
   a pope that promotes humanitarian values ( what religion is actually fucking suppose to do ) is a real threat to * freedom and american interests !, 
  ftfy, 
  ... why did you think it was in the works , then ? 
  ah , did n't bother to read the whole thread when in a hurry to history-geek it . 
  oh yes , that 's the stuff fit for gods . 
  but normans were scandinavians too !, 
  they were scandinavian raiders who attacked france during the late 9th century , and managed a treaty with the french king in 911 . 
  the treaty granted them dominion over normandy and a duke of their own choosing to rule over them , in exchange for cessation of hostilities and submission to the french crown . 
  oh my , so close to integration already ? 
  fine , fine , if we 're to be entirely pedantic . 
  i swear , people just do n't like a bit of friendly hyperbole anymore ... 
  guess you 're from sk\u00e5ne , that 's pretty much the only place more southern you can find in sweden than here :p, 
  translation : `` in a world controlled by greed and selfishness , power consolidates and bureaucracy bloats . 
  our mission in the eu is to defend finnish work and welfare , champion sustainable values and to right the wrongs of the union with a heavy hand . '', 
  get out of here with you fancy logic :p, 
  no , no , no , you 've got it all backwards . 
  estonian sounds like drunken finnish . 
  i mean , we finns have to fetch half our booze from estonia , so clearly they have it to spare . 
  therefore , estonian booze industry is very productive , and thus estonians drink a lot . 
  my logic is unassailable . 
  nope . 
  now sod off . 
  no , for god 's sake no . 
  do n't keep calm . 
  did n't realize you englishmen were into that . 
  err , never mind and carry on then . 
  goddamned crusader kings 2 , landing me on lists everywhere . 
  by the time the current queen ~ ~ falls on a knife ~ ~ dies of natural causes , kate will look juuuuust the same . 
  reminds me of the vasa , which sunk less than a nautical mile after leaving the harbor ... 
  yup . 
  rule number one is to not wage a land war in asia . 
  yes , easy-to-learn pronunciation is the first . 
  no need to wonder how to pronounce words when all letters have only one pronunciation . 
  well , asides from the ` ng ' sound , but that 's the only exception . 
  oh , and we had gender-neutral pronouns before feminism was cool . 
  yet another reason why everything would be easier if everyone just accepted finnish for global lingua franca . 
  nah , they 'll call sweden for plane tickets from istanbul to stockholm . 
  they 'll probably invent a halal compass that points to mecca . 
  or use the map software in their welfare iphones . 
  on the other hand , wii spiik guud inglis nau . 
  time for a celebratory beer , i think . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  \\  finland \\  yes, 
  yep , we do . 
  it 's tested every first monday of the month at 12.00 . 
  shit , now the ruskies are going to bomb us at that time and we `` boy-who-cried-wolf '' 'd ourselves . 
  10/10 , would uk politics again . 
  we do tend to add an i to the end of loanwords if they 'd end in a consonant otherwise . 
  i think you 're confusing austria with amestris here . 
  look at this guy , responding to memes with facts !, 
  1453 was an inside job !, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  da , tovarish . 
   thank you finland for all ther ebin memes :d :d :d 5/5 bretty good : dddd, 
  because disagreeing with the israeli government on anything is literally nazism , duh . 
  europeans arbitrarily splitting up land , what could go wrong ? 
  why even ask ? 
  they 're not russian , they must be gay nazis . 
  oh god . 
  has the bbb spread that far ? 
  ^ ^ yesiknowtheoutfitisbasedontheflag, 
  who would 've thought ? 
  knew / r/paradoxplaza would find its way here . 
  i hope no-one makes an image tour of ulm , the thread 's going to be horrible ( or awesome , depending on one 's preferences ) . 
  you wot ? 
  we 're nordics , through and through . 
  it 's not about the language , it 's about the cross on the flag !, 
  `` greetings to there at the troll factory , hopefully your comment-based pay keeps you fed '', 
  jewish tumblr when ? 
  wait , so are you joining russia ? 
  because you do n't strictly-speaking border us ... :p, 
  only if catalonia secedes too , right ? 
  good thing they have a neighbour with experience .
