that border is just a line on a map and its been moving back and forth for the last thousand years . 
  it 's just silly to think us somehow superior to our neighbors in that light . 
  besides j\u00f6rn donner is kind of a dick . 
  being a buffer for sweden has always worked so beautifully for us finns . . 
  we sure do !, 
  does n't really justify wishing suffering for civilians, 
  well that 's a healthy attitude to have towards 150 million people that have done nothing to you, 
  how so ? 
  thanks for the reminder . 
  though in about 5 minutes the world will have forgotten about you once again :(, 
  damn . 
  it 's sometimes hard to tell sarcasm from actual opinions on reddit . 
  happy to get bombed ? 
  no reason to believe after they had already shot down several cargo planes in that region ? 
  i thought we had friendly ties all ready . 
  ah , that does make a lot more sense !, 
  shhh . . 
  they are not ready . 
  doesnt every place have more bikes than cars ? 
  you get the ugly alcoholics with your cheap liquer . 
  besides i do n't get what all estonians seem to have against finns . 
  like we invaded you in the past or something . 
  are you trolling or are you serious ? 
  do you think i think we could have held the off forever ? 
  we held on to our independence while the soviets lost huge amounts of troops and dignity fighting a war they should have won easily . 
  nope . 
  just saying we were not invaded . 
  i have never heard anything like that . 
  do you have any sources where i could read more about this ? 
  you 're the one who is wrong here . 
  russians planes never entered british airspace . 
  oh god , not those guys again . 
  we were so close to getting our shit together after that last invasion . . 
  russians know this by heart . 
  http://www.stopfake.org/en/ukrainian-site-censor-net-published-edited-photo-of-a-russian-soldier/ http://uainfo.org/blognews/505513-prokuratura-niderlandov-mn17-sbit-rossiyskim-bukom.html sure it 's not bat shit crazy , but it 's there, 
  you mean something like rebels bombing their own positions and killing civilians ? 
  claiming that ukrainian media is somehow objective and incapable of doing wrong sounds a bit naive . 
  i mean that they do n't call ukranian news sources on their bullshit . 
  do n't get me wrong , they are both mostly full of shit . 
  they have plenty on conventional weapons and manpower as well . 
  thinking russia as some push over opponent is hubris . 
  we might well win , but the butchers bill could be something awfull, 
  but they do report when russian media does the same . 
  see the pattern ? 
  because we thought nazis were going to win . 
  everyone wants to be on the winning side, 
  i though germans learned something from the last time you spread that kind of ideas . 
  so much for your moral high ground, 
  we never claimed we were interesting, 
  calling separatists terrorists is just a dehumanization tactic . 
  with that argument one could support the separatists as well . 
  but i guess as with all things , we pick and choose according to what suits our current views . 
  i 'm equating it to ua bombing ukrainian cities and ukrainian civilians and rebels . 
  fighting foreign troops in ukrainian soil is naturally acceptable , i have nothing against that . 
  i would be perfectly fine with that if people did n't see the current government as some second coming of jesus . 
  besides the actions of berkut are not that different from what the army is doing in the east at the moment ; killing people who oppose your rule . 
  you are right about the situation being shit and keeping your hand clean is impossible if you do something . 
  its just that same black and white view ( that i just used earlier ) that grinds my gears . 
  sooner or later things always cool down and get better but it wont bring back the dead, 
  if a million people protest , it doesnt give them the right to replace the government chosen by the remaining 44 million people . 
  either something is lawful and democratic or it is not , there is no middle ground imo . 
  and then they legally and democratically did exactly what that ousted the former government ? 
  one does not simply argue against the reddit hive mind, 
  if that 's not a coup , i do n't know what is . 
  what do you call what happened , a revolution or some euphemism like ` change of power ' ? 
  that 's not how the change in government happened now was it ? 
  people died and buildings burned . 
  the government was overthrown by force, 
  that is the opposite of how democracy works . 
  ousting a president is the job of elected representatives , not an angry mob, 
  how was it not a coup ? 
  this is an honest question, 
  sounds alot like you did, 
  `` just like '' sounds alot like equating . 
  well , it was trough mountains . 
  not that that makes much more sense, 
  that would be great , but who knows, 
  why would the russians intentionally shoot down a passenger plane ? 
  i thought they were ukrainian rebels, 
  yeah , like the last time when that happened and we were left alone . 
  murdered by russians ? 
  that 's precisely the kind of trigger happy warmongering attitude i 'd personally like to avoid . 
  so , basically the same as for the last 200 years . 
  i do n't think any country allows it . 
  with helicopters it could be done more easily, 
  the us does n't accept surrendering to aircraft . 
  so there 's that . 
  i 'm willing to bet that a dollar in russia gets you alot further than a dollar in , lets say , norway . 
  comparing budgets is a bad way to asses actual military capabilities . 
  come on , there 's dozens of you !, 
  time to roll up your sleeves !, 
  poland actually managed to move towards west . 
  i 'll call that a victory, 
  murder one can comprehend and in some cases it could even be morally somewhat justified . 
  but this killing of random innocent people for no reason at all is just inhuman beyond understanding . 
  no sane person would ever do that, 
  it would be easier to kill all poor people . 
  that should solve it for a while edit : obvious / s, 
  no , i 'm asking * why * that is the case . 
  it still does n't answer the question of why they do n't have a faction that would have noble goals and would n't act like terrorists .
