this is slightly creepy . 
  you can track each of those people to their homes . 
  no , i 've never , ever seen any polish teenager kiss his father anywhere . 
  i come from the north though , it may be different elsewhere . 
  i think the answer to this question which applies to just about any country in europe , and perhaps the entire world , is ` complaining ' . 
  i know well that poland is more conservative than western european countries . 
  but the suggestion that polish liberals ( among whom i would count whatever is left of twoj ruch , most of sld and the left wing of the civic platform ) is more conservative than the british conservative party is at best an exaggeration and at worst , laughable . 
  the tory party is comprised of people like peter bone , jacob rees mogg and priti patel , all of whom expressed their support for the reintroduction of capital punishment . 
  many within the conservative party voted against gay marriage and some want to reintroduce conscription , privatise the bbc and , obviously , leave the eu . 
  socially , the right wing of the tory party ( whom some would call `` true tories '' ) is on pis level . 
  rostowski was a member of the tory party , so i do n't know what else we could have expected , really . 
  somewhat crazy to think about it , but the nations of nato are preparing for a potential war right before our very eyes . 
  you know you 've won the argument when the other guy 's only response is to tell you to fuck off . 
   is that a stereotype we have that i 'm unaware of ? 
  yes . 
  the stereotype that british women are ugly is , or used to be , prevalent throughout europe . 
  catholic and orthodox countries basically . 
  except ireland ? 
  and what about italy ? 
  all saints ' day , people put candles on the graves of their deceased family members . 
  it 's what people in poland , and some other countries in central and eastern europe celebrate instead of halloween . 
  oh no , i 'm not attacking the snp or anything . 
  they used the system legitimately . 
  it 's the system that is fucked up . 
  the snp got 56 seats for 4.7 % . 
  that one is probably the most ridiculous . 
  ugh , yes , more nationalistic demagogues in positions of power . 
  just what europe needs right now . 
  wot ? 
  so it seems that the eu * does * have a sense of humour . 
  i think the idea is that all the food in the top left comes from all over europe and looks tasty etc. 
  whereas the beans represent the uk , alone and unattractive . 
  look , the cross does n't exist in a vacuum - nobody is being provoked by the cross alone , they 're being provoked by their despicable behaviour and rhetoric of which the cross is a part . 
  plus , public displays of religion are generally frowned upon in the uk . 
  christianity is the largest religion in the united kingdom , however a majority of the population is irreligious . 
  also britain first is not simply a christian party , they are christian fundamentalists whose beliefs differ little in reality from the beliefs of the islamic fundamentalists they so virulently hate . 
  fair enough . 
  what army ? 
  aye , but even pro-eu uk&us media distort the reality of what the eu is . 
  they portray it as some monolithic supranational federation when in reality it 's a voluntary union of states , a union in which states retain most of the control . 
  when they talk about the migrant crisis for example , they inadvertently blame the eu , not the nation states which are actually responsible for securing their own borders . 
  or they criticise the eu 's effectiveness in general , but what they do n't mention is that the only way to make the eu more effective at handling emergency situations is to give it more power , which inadvertently means taking away power from the member states , which is obviously something the member states do n't want . 
  same with making the eu more democratic ; further democratisation of the eu means more power to central eu institutions means less power for member states . 
  the main agents preventing democratisation are the bloody member states themselves . 
  looks like the side of a mon calamari 's head . 
  it 's just juncker speaking english badly . 
  what he means is that it 's not the eu that is trying to get turkey to join , it 's turkey that is trying to join the eu . 
  therefore they need to conform to our expectations and stop calling the dutch nazis . 
  revenge . 
  depends on how well national front does . 
  i know what you mean , i think even in majoritarian systems like france and the uk serious third parties will start emerging ( well they already have in the uk ) which will just increase the pressure for proportional systems . 
  america is next , but i think people there are far too entrenched in the democrat/republican dichotomy . 
  yeah , but this election is well , quite unique . 
  plus , it 's a presidential election so personality matters more than in a parliamentary election , thus allowing outsiders to get a lot of support . 
  the national assembly will still probably be heavily dominated by the socialist party and the republicans though . 
  this is just a consequence of a non-proportional electoral system . 
  i was addressing / u/alunyaisinnocent 's comment about a ` socialist ' ( as per the headline ) mayor endorsing macron who is a liberal . 
  in a mutli-party system that mayor probably would n't be in the socialist party , he 's be in the social liberal party or whatever . 
  the benefits of a two party system . 
  you get a left-wing party and a right-wing party , and that 's it . 
  the left wing party will have anything from socialists to slightly left-of-centre liberals and the right wing party will have anything from slightly right-of-centre liberals to ultra-conservatives . 
  huh ? 
  you can get heinz garlic sauce in every supermarket . 
  i prefer to make my own with minced garlic , yoghurt and mayonnaise though . 
  i do n't really understand people when they call macron a neoliberal . 
  it is just a buzzword devoid of meaning . 
  surely macron is just a liberal ? 
  he is socially liberal and economically liberal , he 's a liberal . 
  were those colonialism and gay marriage comments that damaging ? 
  totally not racist guys . 
  what would a government with the vvd and d66 as the main coalition members look like ? 
  i am a federalist liberal democrat , but i think verhofstadt has gone off the deep end . 
  well , both he and c 's are liberals so the left-right spectrum does n't really work for them ( well , it does n't work at all , it is far too simplistic ) . 
  i mean they can say they are centrists but that does n't really mean anything . 
  guess this confirms macron 's position on russia . 
  just because the government of a country i live in has decided to yank that country out of a political and economic union against my will , does not change who i am and what i care about . 
  i care about the eu , and who runs it , and i will continue to care about it when the uk leaves , and nothing will change that . 
  the same is true of many britons , some of whom do not have other eu citizenship . 
  god you really do n't like the british , do you . 
  who shat in your cereal ? 
  the position of the president of the commission will remain the concern of british citizens after we leave because the person elevated to that position will directly affect the eu 's relationship with the uk . 
  if europeans can express their opinion about the president of the united states , as they have done across europe , then british citizens can express their opinion about the president of the ec . 
  well , if i was just a brit , i would also be an eu citizen because the uk has n't left the eu yet . 
  even if i was not an eu citizen , i would still be free to express my opinion . 
  i do n't speak as a pole , i speak as a european . 
  someone with a european flag in their flair should understand that . 
  well , it 's fortunate that all british citizens will remain eu citizens until at least march 2019 . 
  i am a dual british/polish citizen . 
  even if i was n't , as a british citizen i would still have an interest in securing the prosperity and unity of the european union . 
  yes , europeans . 
  good , can we please have someone who is n't divisive , arrogant and drunk ? 
  you might be right , i translated some of the paragraphs into polish in my head and the word order makes a lot more sense than in english . 
  not really . 
  populism is indeed about pitting the common people against the elites or ` the other ' , and it 's pretty clear that populists in europe ( and beyond ) are backed , and sometimes funded , by the russian government or other russian vested interests . 
  by combining exceptionalism , nationalism , economic protectionism and exploiting people 's ( often legitimate ) fears regarding immigration and globalisation they ( the populists ) create a toxic cocktail with which they poison the minds of the general populace and thus steer public debate in their desired direction . 
  some of them certainly believe that what they are doing is best for their country ( although others are quite clearly entirely cynical in their approach ) , but that does n't change the fact that a destablised , fractured eu is in the interest of only 2 geopolitical entities : china and russia , with a particular emphasis on the latter . 
  it is not in the interests of the eu 's member states , the eu as a whole , the us , or the western democratic world in general , for the eu to collapse into squabbling , insignificant nation-states . 
  ` without drinking , business can not be conducted . 
  this naturally holds true not only for farmers but for all private transactions ' lol , sounds about right . 
  btw .
