why not double phoenix , or two headed one ? 
  op those that you listed do n't seem that bad , at least none of them got built and then left unused . 
  i live in florida and we had a $ 2 + billion dollar nuclear plant built and never got used due to fuck ups in the building of the place , i think it has a huge structural problems . 
  i do n't know the laws across european countries but in usa we have laws against illegible plates , whether it 's because of the light being out or plate being dirty beyond able to see it . 
  either one will get you pulled over , you probably wo n't get a ticket though , might end up having to clean the plate on side of the road . 
  same shit happened in kosovo and look where that is . 
  better than most , so we are definitely taking it . 
  in serbia we have todor and bogdan . 
  where the hell do you find bottle of water for 20 cents ? 
  i think you 're talking about a 24 pack of bottles . 
  i 'm sure op is asking for a single water bottle , which runs around a dollar maybe $ 1.5 if its cold and out of a vending machine . 
  shut the fuck up before you babble your bullshit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ante_gotovina guy is a real piece of shit and was welcomed back home with a heros welcome . 
  same goes for this piece of shit from kosovo . 
  i think this is the solution to that problem . 
  free wifi + torrents = free books for everyone . 
  not on ebay it is n't . 
  i do n't see why more people see it this way . 
  if majority of population has negative view on immigration and you do n't agree with their view then do n't go or vacation there . 
  no its not , its simple ja . 
  remove ( equivalent of space kebab ), 
  better yet , england , they like diversity . 
  i think he was talking about the jew cookies . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ way ^ ^ ^ out . 
  how have i not heard of this , so what letters did they add ? 
  i nearly raged when local radio station got the two confused when the whole boston bombing happened . 
  i was about to call in and call them idiots but i was running late to work . 
  much better . 
  checked it on webmd and it sounds like aids . 
  nah , a drone will probably be sent after him . 
  you can say that again , the damn wedding and the birth of the baby was on the major news channels almost 24/7 . 
  i read this as rabbis , i was wondering why would jews only be in the east . 
  i could n't disagree any more with your last sentence , the building looks incredible , but you 're welcome to your opinion . 
  you 're right , piss and shit on the sidewalk sure is okay especially when your city depends on tourism . 
  county i live in actually built a `` jail '' which is more like a homeless shelter . 
  it 's illegal for homeless to sleep in parks and drink publicly ( its illegal for everyone ) and they get taken to this place . 
  they are free to leave but many stay there . 
  while the baby is still in the hopsital after birth , so within a week or so of birth . 
  how different is russian from ukrainian , i always thought they were pretty similar ? 
  i never said you do n't or you ca n't , compared to us its more difficult/restrictive in countries around the world . 
  that could be true , while other countries might allow guns , either for hunting or for personal protection it makes acquiring guns nearly impossible . 
  this can be applied to mexico , they allow people to have guns legally , but its next to impossible to own one . 
  one must travel to mexico city and buy a gun from one single store . 
  in the whole country they have one store that can legally sell guns , on top of that you must go through ton of paperwork . 
  ohh my bad , yes , they lived south of bjeljina and north of zvornik , i cant remember the name exactly but its across the bridge near loznica . 
  the whole village has nearly returned back , and that was 4-5 years ago . 
  a bit north of zvornik has had an influx of returning families . 
  but the place i mentioned in the beginning is probably most complete village return . 
  sure , serbian villages surrounding zenica . 
  my parents lived in gornja vraca , no one returned . 
  i think there was one guy that stayed there throughout the war , but i think he moved into the city to live with his daughter . 
  300-400 houses nearby my parent 's house and they are all empty , well the ones that are somewhat are standing up are empty , vast majority are leveled with ground . 
  tough luck , we solved a problem for two countries , 2  1 . 
  from my parents villages , sure i 'd say few people have been killed . 
  but the reason they are n't going back is due to intimidation . 
  where my family in rs lived they were kicked out of the house they were living in , it was a muslim house , and it was understandable . 
  in a course of a year all serbs were kicked out , they primarily ended up building new houses 20 kilometers away . 
  if you had to choose just one country and live there for the rest of your life i 'd go for united states . 
  * its huge , you want desert it has it , you want beaches it has it , you want mountains and snow it has it . 
  basically its so large that any type of weather/ecosystem you want to live in you can find it in us . 
  * it has bunch of people , same point can be applied here as it was applied above . 
  * it 's pretty damn rich , sure medical care is crap and there are some negatives . 
  but overall its pretty darn good . 
  * compared to other countries its pretty damn free . 
  sure guns are huge problem but how many countries in the world actually allow you to buy a gun and go hunting ( not people , but animals ) . 
  also the fact that you dont have to worry about what you say is positive as well . 
  i would have probably picked canada , since majority of the points can be applicable there , but canada is cold . 
  if you 're a person who loves cold weathers then canada would be my answer . 
  before someone starts bashing me for being amero-centric ( i think i just invented a term , or did i subconsciously use it ? ), 
  i was n't actually born here , and i 've only lived here half of my short life . 
  edit : never mind apparently that is a real term , which makes sense because it looked like to me that it should be . 
  i have a feeling attempted rape rates will go through the roof . 
  on a more serious note , the first thing i thought of when i read the title was `` hmm i doubt we have enough money for someone like him to advise '' then i read into the article and found `` will help serbia to reprogram its debts , '' . 
  so it all makes sense now . 
  thats it !, 
  why not just call it north macedonia and be done with it ? 
  edit : just fyi , this was sarcasm . 
  when was the last time yo saw spain and syria in the same room ? 
  exactly , plus they both start with s , so there must be some correlation there too . 
  same can be said about bosnia , i know villages where nearly every muslim family has returned . 
  rather then going back into center of bosnia , serbs have built houses at another location in rs . 
  i 'd be willing to send one from florida . 
  again , which part of us , colorado , oregon , california decriminilized it , other states are very strict . 
  like i said , as long as they bring in the money i 'm fine with it , that includes your suggestion . 
  as oppose to which part of na ?!?!, 
  this is such a wide open question that you need to be more precise . 
  considering that the royal family a very large amount of land in uk , they actually produce 200mil for the treasury , and the fact that tourism brings in more than amount to keep them on pedestal , i dont see a problem in keeping them unless they are a complete drain of money . 
  well eventually these will be primarily sold in individual amounts , thus still making it right . 
  i mean its not like a user will be buying thousands of pills . 
  yeah it really does n't make much sense driving unless you 're with a group and/or you need a car to drive around ( if you 're under 25 in us its really expensive to rent one ) . 
  i 'd love to move to either spain or portugal , the more south the better . 
  living in florida for a while and moving anywhere where weather drops below 25c is impossible . 
  i 'd probably prefer portugal over spain by just a slim margin . 
  how long would it take you to drive to belgrade ? 
  considering fifa is n't changing the wc from qatar , what makes you think this will be changed being so much closer to the opening ? 
  i just mow them when i mow the lawn . 
  it pisses me off because neighbor has this huge tree and during the fall front yard is covered by leaves . 
  unfortunately this was n't the last time she appeared on local tv . 
  nothing , it was there for decades so why the hell is it a problem now all of a sudden ? 
  welcome to ` murica, 
  2:20 with 95 % missed finland and estonia on first try .
