  a good measure is leveling seats . 
  here in norway , there 's 19 leveling seats ; one per county . 
  these are assigned so as to make the national proportion of the seats as similar as possible to the proportion of the popular vote , while still maintaining local multi-member districts ( each county is a election district ) . 
  so that does very little to hurt local representation , while ensuring the national proportion of seats is appropriate . 
  * which would be pre-determining the extradition case before it even happens . 
  * the swedish government constitutionally can not do this ; they can not interfere in individual judicial cases . 
  the swedish judicial system will not do this . 
  a serious judicial system ca n't judge a case before the case actually exists . 
   he only asked for a promise not to be extradited to face treason charges for publishing which would be pre-determining the result of an unrelated ( to the swedish charges ) and theoretical case . 
  they ca n't judge an extradition request before it has even been made . 
  not even informally . 
  of course not . 
  no serious judicial system will pre-determine the result of an unrelated and theoretical case . 
  to add to it , it 'd be unconstitutional for the swedish government to interfere in an individual case to override the judicial system . 
  when the uk has to approve it , that effectively means it ca n't possibly be easier to extradite him from sweden than directly from the uk . 
   their extradition laws are even more strict than the uk 's ... and requires that the uk approve any extradition to a third party as well , so extradition ends up being at minimum as strict as in the uk . 
  under the uk-swedish extradition treaty , sweden needs permission from the uk to extradite someone extradited to them to a third party . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to go via sweden when that * still * includes the uk in the process . 
  that 's terrifying . 
   bosnia is not even close to be a member of eu . 
  neither is turkey , serbia , or montenegro , and they 're all further along in the process than bosnia . 
  for comparison , it took croatia 9 years from becoming an official candidate country to becoming part of the eu . 
  so chances are , it 'll take at least a decade before bosnia actually joins , and that 's conditional on meeting a large set of requirements . 
  simply the process of meeting all those requirements will pretty much require sorting out most of the problems bosnia currently has . 
   sweden has repeatedly refused to guarantee assange wo n't be extradited . 
  that 's as close to an admission that they plan on allowing his extradition as soon as he gets to sweden . 
  no , that 's how the swedish legal system works . 
  the government is not allowed to interfere with the judicial system , which such a guarantee would be . 
  doing so would be [ unconstitutional ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ministerstyre ) . 
  1000 is plenty , assuming you 're sampling properly . 
  if you 're not sampling properly , even 100 000 would n't help any . 
   i think you only need 800 people with a certain set of variety to get valid numbers . 
  all depends on what you mean by `` valid '' . 
  if there 's massive differences , a tiny sample is plenty . 
  hell , for something like 0 % vs. 100 % , technically you 'd only need a handful of people in each group to be near certain that there is a real difference ( assuming perfect sampling ) . 
  a lot of medical trials only use a few dozen people , since that 's enough to establish that it actually has the desired positive effect . 
  1k per country is a ton . 
  unless there are selection issues it 's plenty . 
  of course , a lack of selection issues is n't a given , but if you 've got those , more people does nothing to rectify it . 
  for a binary question , 1k people gives a 95 % chance that the true value for the population is within 3 percentage points of the value of the surveyed group . 
  hell , even just a hundred people would be enough to see major differences ; that 'd give a 95 % chance of being within 10 percentage points , so if one country has 20 % and another 80 % , that can not be explained by sample size . 
   with the opinion polls you should be really critical of the questions they ask . 
  there is a high probability that if you asked christians the same question you would get the same results . 
  as an example , over in / r/norge ( norwegian-language subreddit for norway ) , a poll was posted saying 41 % of muslims in norway want blasphemy to be punished : https://www.reddit.com/r/norge/comments/5me00a/41_prosent_av_norske_muslimer_vil_straffe/ of course , the next day someone found a poll saying 42 % of norwegians in general completely disagree that mocking religion should be allowed : https://www.reddit.com/r/norge/comments/5mm5x8/42_prosent_av_befolkningen_vil_straffe_blasfemi_i/, 
  the very page you link says that it is in fact that smooth :  phil plait , of bad astronomy , took a look at the claim that the earth was smoother than a billiard ball . 
  he concluded that the earth was smoother but less round , based on published billiard ball roundness tolerances . 
  however , he could n't find any information on the size and shape of a billiard ball 's pits and bumps . 
  the page is about a * bowling * ball , not a billiards ball . 
  this data is from 2015 ; same year as the referendum , so there should n't be much difference . 
   that is actually higher than in norway where the alcohol tax is $ 2,33 per litre . 
  $ 2.66 currently . 
  the tax is 4.76 nok/liter/alcohol % as of 2016 . 
  has n't been as low as $ 2.33 for ages . 
   maybe i am just paranoid , but the choice of 22 % as the cutoff point seems suspicious . 
  that 's just dividing the countries into four equally sized groups . 
   it 's still toxic . 
  i can kill you with one or multiple gunshots . 
  you 're still dead . 
  to expand on your gunshot analogy , it 'd be like comparing a bb with an anti-tank round . 
  both are bullets , but their power is vastly different . 
  you know , that 's a response i far too seldom get . 
  most people when faced with evidence contrary to their belief will simply deny all evidence rather than critically assess it . 
  thank you for the discussion , 
   i acknowledge what you 're saying where my experience may be a placebo effect , however i do not believe that to be true . 
  i have to give you credit for patiently responding to my inflammatory post , thank you . 
  i do n't agree with you , but i will defend to the death your right to state your opinion . 
  thank you . 
   but one study is still not enough . 
  i 'm sure you can find plenty if you google something like `` efficacy of acupuncture ''  a few : '' [ the experimental group received treatment at standard acupuncture points , and the control group at placebo points . 
  \\ [ ... \\ ] comparison of responses to treatment between the two groups showed no significant \\ (  0.05 \\ ) difference . 
  ] ( http://www.nejm.org/doi/pdf/10.1056/nejm197508212930803 ) '' '' [ treatment outcomes for migraine do not differ between patients treated with sham acupuncture , verum acupuncture , or standard therapy . 
  ] ( http://www.thelancet.com/journals/laneur/article/piis1474442206703829/abstract ) '' '' [ acupuncture has not been demonstrated to be efficacious as a treatment for tinnitus on the evidence of rigorous randomized controlled trials . 
  ] ( http://archotol.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=404551 ) '' the three were respectively the second , third , and sixth results i got on google scholar when searching for `` efficacy of acupuncture . 
  the second and fifth result had no publicly view-able conclusion , while the fourth was n't an actual study but a letter to the editor . 
   congratulations on cherry-picking which statements in my post you responded to , hoping that it would make you appear intelligent . 
  considering you dismissed my link entirely , i do n't see how you have any right to complain about ` cherry-picking ' . 
  i addressed the points i found most important , but i 'll address your posts paragraph by paragraph if you prefer that :  you do n't have any evidence at all , whereas i have experience . 
  i 'll take my experience over your lack of both evidence and experience any day of the week . 
  i linked a study that clearly shows the placebo effect can have the effects you say acupuncture has had on you ( stopping the suffering of debilitating pain )  i 'm familiar with the placebo effect , but that only works on those who go into the procedure not knowing about said procedure . 
  they 've been given the impression that it works beforehand . . whereas i researched many different methods of pain relief and only after the research did i decide to try accupuncture . 
  the reason i reacted as strongly as i did is that your comment was sudden , not backed up by any evidence whatsoever . 
  the placebo effect works regardless . 
  to reference the video i linked again : the effect persisted even after the patients were told their surgery was merely a placebo . 
  more anecdotally , the placebo effect causes painkillers to have immediate effect for me , despite me well knowing that it takes a while for the body to actually absorb the drug . 
   while evidence exists that the placebo effect is real , what evidence do you have that it 's effecting me ? 
   also , one link to one scientific study does not disprove an entire field . 
  it 's a good start , but you have a lot more proof to get before you effectively disprove something that relieves a large amount of pain for me . 
  while a single study of course does n't disprove acupuncture on its own , it does quite clearly show that your experience could merely be placebo . 
  your anecdotal evidence is not good evidence of acupuncture 's efficacy . 
   you may not think it 's real . . but it sure feels real to me . 
  accupuncture allows me to go about my day in less pain than i would otherwise . 
  i 'm sure practitioners of any other alternative medicine would tell me the exact same thing , as would the placebo group in the study i linked before they were told they received a placebo surgery rather than real surgery . 
   sorry to say , you failed . 
  address the entire post , otherwise you 're no better than a troll . 
  also , one piece of `` evidence '' is not enough to disprove anything . 
  where is the rest of your evidence ? 
  what that ? 
  oh , you do n't have any ? 
  that 's what i thought as this is a non-argument , i 'll refrain from responding to it . 
   you can keep believing whatever you want .
