   a wealth tax of around 1 % ( i believe ? ), 
  0.7 % , for wealth above 1.2 million nok ( 140k eur ) . 
  simultaneously , you have the issue that the majority does n't necessarily want to help out the minority . 
  had you put interracial marriage in the us to a referendum when it was legalized by supreme court , it would n't have been enacted , and would probably not have been enacted for a few more * decades * . 
  i think the norwegian system for constitutional amendments works pretty well . 
  the requirement for two separate parliaments to approve it means that if the amendment is truly something the population is against , they can vote out the parties in favor of it so that it does n't get ratified . 
  we do have occasional referendums , but those are rare . 
  all told there have been 6 : * 1905 - whether to dissolve the union with sweden ( passed 99.95 - 0.05 ) * 1905 - whether to retain a monarchy ( passed 78.9 - 21.1 ) * 1919 - whether to prohibit alcohol ( passed 61.6 - 38.4 ) * 1926 - whether to continue prohibition ( failed 44.3 - 55.7 ) * 1972 - whether to join the eu ( failed 46.5 - 53.5 ) * 1994 - whether to join the eu ( failed 47.8 - 52.2 ) overall , only used for truly momentous issues . 
  and prohibition for some reason . 
  did n't even know we had brief prohibition . 
  yep ; that 's why there was a referendum . 
  i 'm just saying that what makes sense for ireland does n't necessarily make sense for other countries . 
  a lot of constitutions can change without referendums . 
  many are n't especially difficult to change at all . 
  to amend the norwegian constitution for example , two parliaments in a row have to approve the amendment . 
  definitely looks like you 're safe now . 
  sunk into the sea . 
  guess we 'll know within 24 or so hours whether you 'll have to eat one of those posters . 
  i certainly hope not . 
  would look better like this i think : http://i.imgur.com/wqzjpv2.png, 
  yep . 
  in norway for example , each of the 428 municipalities is tasked with settling a certain number of refugees each year . 
  i believe the number is determined based on the population of the municipality . 
  that ensures refugees are spread throughout the whole country . 
  of course , in the case of regular immigrants rather than refugees , to the best of my knowledge there are no such controls . 
  so they do end up clustering in certain areas of oslo ( i lived in one such area as an ethnic norwegian much of my life ; nice place ) . 
   i assume it is the same issue for sweden and denmark ? 
  looks like it . 
  sweden gets points for constitutional protection of sexual orientation , but not gender identity , while denmark gets neither . 
  i 'm not sure biased is quite the right word . 
  misguided , perhaps ? 
  i feel biased can imply it was done on purpose , which i very much doubt it was . 
  i do indeed play ckii ( well , have n't played it in a while now , but i used to ) . 
  plus i run the paradox wikis . 
  you can see the breakdown for each country here : http://rainbow-europe.org/ . 
  further details on the criteria are available on the `` about '' page . 
  the criteria relating to constitutional protection are in my opinion pretty stupid , since the purpose of a constitution varies wildly from country to country ( see my other comments in this thread for my gripes on how it applies to norway ) . 
  it 's not that it is * wrong * . 
  it 's just that it is very specific about what it looks at . 
  you can see the full list of criteria here : http://rainbow-europe.org/ the problem is that some of the criteria are a bit * dumb * . 
  in the case of norway , a lot of points are lost due to having no constitutional protections for gender identity and sexual orientation , because this organization specifically wants all countries to have constitutional protections for that . 
  however , that is n't especially applicable to norway 's constitution , as it is a rather short document ( 121 paragraphs ) , that mostly focuses on the most core aspects of the norwegian state and legal system . 
  you would n't expect it to get this specific on the issue of discrimination . 
  it does have a paragraph saying that `` no person shall be subjected to unfair or disproportionate discrimination . 
  '' , but that 's not enough to get any points on those particular criteria . 
  i think this is pretty much it . 
  the criteria used for this map ( available here : http://rainbow-europe.org/ ) are at times quite arbitrary . 
  pretty much all the nordics lose out on not * specifically * constitutionally protecting sexual orientation and gender identity from discrimination , despite having language in their constitutions ( in the case of norway at least ; not 100 % sure about the rest ) banning discrimination in general , and laws outside their constitutions banning this type of discrimination in particular . 
  the norwegian constitution in particular is a rather short document at 121 paragraphs . 
  i certainly would n't expect it to be as specific as this map wants it to be , and as such that aspect of the score is pretty damn meaningless in the case of norway . 
  hell , us adding quite a bit on human rights in general to the constitution last year ( the largest change to our constitution in its 200 year history ) apparently made no difference to the score at all . 
  somehow the uk on the other hand gets points on this though . 
  not entirely sure how , what with the uk not actually * having * a formal constitution . 
  i 've lived on quite a bit less than 16k/month , so definitely doable as an individual , but with 2 children it 'd probably be somewhat difficult yeah . 
  note that poverty and relative poverty is not the same thing . 
  relative poverty here has been defined as making less than 50 % of the median household income . 
  whether you 'd get enough benefits as a single parent of two children ( the criteria used here ) in the nordics i do n't know , though . 
   single-member districts do n't work , as you implied they can still be improved with instant runoff voting or similar . 
  that eliminates the spoiler effect , so a vote for green instead of labor does n't end up causing the conservatives to win . 
  in the case of norway we had an fptp electoral college from 1814 ( establishment of the norwegian constitution ) to 1905 ( dissolution of the union with sweden ) . 
  then from 1905 to 1919 we had a system very similar to the one the uk has today , though requiring absolute majorities rather than relative majorities ; if no one got above 50 % the constituency would hold a re-election . 
  in 1919 we introduced proportional representation . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how this happened , but based on what 's on norwegian wikipedia it seems that the liberal ( in the more classical sense ) party agreed to do so when labor started to rise . 
  before then they apparently feared the conservative party would benefit from proportional representation , but my guess is that with the rise of labor the vote was getting split in the favor of the conservatives ( since labor had and still has more in common with liberal than conservative ) and thus voted in proportional representation . 
  do note that that liberal 's reasoning is conjecture on my part . 
  fptp is terrible . 
  there is virtually no advantage to it over instant runoff voting or similar . 
  any system where you can prioritize candidates is better since it lessens the need for tactical voting , thus allowing smaller parties to actually grow since a vote for them wo n't be wasted . 
  some constituencies are n't expected to declare a winner until 13:00 . 
  though the general trend will probably be pretty clear before then . 
  icelandic is quite different from the other nordic languages . 
  spanish vs. portuguese would be pretty comparable i think . 
  assuming that exit poll is correct , pretty much * all * pre-election polling was way off . 
  either way , * someone * clearly missed the mark horribly . 
  it seems more likely to me that the exit poll is wrong than the huge amount of pre-election polling , but time will tell i suppose . 
  plus you avoid accidentally misgendering someone . 
  as an example , most people currently default to saying `` he '' on reddit when they do n't know the gender of another reddit commenter . 
  i can imagine it must be a bit annoying to constantly get misgendered if you 're a woman on reddit . 
  `` they '' avoids that . 
  they 'd probably cost too much , 
  meanwhile , i 've only ever seen * one * schuko outlet that was n't solidly attached to the wall , despite living all my life in a country that uses those outlets . 
  it ai n't smuggling when it is legal ; you 're allowed to bring * some * tobacco across the border . 
  the person who made the title for the article is the one that claims this is about `` expelling member states with right-wing governments '' . 
  the only way that title makes sense is if violating freedom of the media , the constitution , and human rights is inherent to being right-wing . 
  he 's in favor of expelling countries that do those three things , not right-wing governments in general . 
  what hollande said according to the article :  `` a country can be suspended from the european union , '' hollande told france inter radio , as `` europe has legal tools , through articles in treaties , to prevent a country from violating democratic principles , '' he added . 
   `` when the freedom of the media is at stake or when constitutions and human rights are endangered , europe can not act just as a safety net . 
  it has to put in place procedures to suspend offending countries . 
  it can go that far , '' the president added . 
  to date , no country has been expelled from the european union for that or any other reason . 
  however , hollande stated that `` checks '' would be necessary to monitor the proposed changes in poland . 
  i guess it 's nice to see the right-wing take it as a given that freedom of the media , the constitution , and human rights are endangered by their ideology ? 
  seeing as that 's the only way to make the headline make sense . 
  unless they 're highly over represented compared to the general eu population , only 4 % would be muslims . 
  so nearly none . 
   transportation : 56 that number is wrong for one . 
  two public transit tickets in oslo will set you back 60 nok , not 56 . 
  ( though if you 're staying for anywhere significant time in oslo , you should go for a 7-day ticket instead ; that ends up at 34 nok/day ), 
  a lot of house painting , cleaning , and the like is done that way here in norway . 
  mostly done by legal immigrants from eastern europe , but also to some extent by ethnic norwegians .
