  and also has 8 times as many people . 
   so has anyone here ever fired a gun ? 
  sure . 
  gun ranges exist pretty much everywhere . 
  i went to one for about half a year . 
  was pretty fun , but also kinda expensive unless you only fire .22 rounds . 
  i 've almost never seen a gun in person outside a gun range or museum though . 
  when i went to france i was a bit weirded out to see police ( possibly army ; i had other things to do than figure out who exactly they were ) armed with rifles or smgs or some such ( ca n't quite remember ) . 
  have n't seen any armed norwegian police , though these days they 're `` temporarily '' armed , and have been for a year or so . 
  14 is also a neo-nazi thing : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourteen_words, 
  for comparison , we 've got a similar party in norway in government . 
  they 're opposed to most immigration , and really do n't like refugees . 
  they 're one of the two parties that voted against taking 8000 over 3 years ( the other party that voted against it did so as a statement that 8000 was too low ; the initial plan was 10000 over 2 years ) . 
  the end result though is that we 're still taking 8000 syrian refugees , as the entire rest of parliament wanted that ( or more ) . 
  they still keep making statements about how this is bad , but that really does n't affect anything . 
  just like this statement is unlikely to actually affect anything . 
  schengen has provisions for temporary reintroduction of border controls :  member states should also have the possibility of temporarily reintroducing border control at internal borders in the event of a serious threat to their public policy or internal security . 
  the conditions and procedures for doing so should be laid down , so as to ensure that any such measure is exceptional and that the principle of proportionality is respected . 
  the scope and duration of any temporary reintroduction of border control at internal borders should be restricted to the bare minimum needed to respond to that threat . 
   also nice editorializing . 
  and when i say nice , i mean intentionally misleading . 
  i recommend reporting that ; it is supposed to be against this subreddit 's rules :  editorialising is not acceptable . 
  editorialising is simply the act of inserting an opinion into a ( submission ) title . 
  you should , in most cases , use the title on the page you are linking to . 
  however , in the case of youtube , you may have to be inventive and attempt to create an nonpartisan and neutral title if the one the youtube video uses is clearly partisan and bias . 
  ( for anyone who does n't see the editorializing here , try to find any reference in the article to germany pressuring anyone . 
  it 's an opinion inserted by the op with no basis in the article ) i 've reported the submission ; hopefully the mods will enforce their rules . 
  160k across the whole eu , not denmark . 
  norway is doing reasonably well too . 
  we 'd do better if we did n't have conservatives in government , but we 're still doing more per capita than most of europe . 
  not in the eu though . 
   i 'm just interested because in the uk it is not common for the opposition to help the government craft bills . 
  the government do it by themselves . 
  in the uk , most governments have been majority single-party governments , and thus do n't need any outside support to get bills passed . 
  the ruling coalition in sweden on the other hand is a minority government , and therefore does need outside support to get bills passed . 
  it 's easier to get the other coalition to support them if they include them in the process . 
   perhaps , in the hope that their support will decrease after they have taken some real responsibility . 
  which seems to have worked here in norway . 
  according to the polls our right-wing populists have lost somewhere near a third of their support since they formed a government with the conservatives two years ago . 
  statutory rape is n't considered rape under norwegian law to the best of my knowledge ; it 's a separate though related crime . 
  age of consent in the eu , and europe in general , varies by country between 14 and 18 . 
  in norway it is 16 . 
  here 's a map : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ages_of_consent_in_europe#/media/file:age_of_consent_in_europe.svg, 
  assault rape ( in this context at least ) is the rape of someone you do n't know via the threat or use of violence . 
  it 's the most severe form of rape , but the vast majority of rapes are n't assault rape . 
  it does n't include various other forms of rape such as date rape , having sex with an unconscious person , refusing to stop after consent is revoked , etc. 
   94 % of rapes in norway are committed by non-whites . 
  straight up lie . 
  * that 's a statistic for oslo , not norway as a whole * that 's purely about assault rape , not rape in general * that 's only about reported rapes , not all rapes ( the article itself mentions that only about 1 in 10 are reported ), 
   i 'm crossing the border norway/sweden today ( schengen border ) . 
  it will take me 3 seconds . 
  pre-schengen , it took me 3 seconds . 
  norway/sweden ( plus denmark , finland , and iceland ) were already in a passport union . 
  of course almost nothing changed on that border . 
  the telegraph is an absolute saint compared to breitbart , and they 're certainly * not * left-leaning . 
  breitbart on the other hand is , if anything , worse even than the daily mail . 
  i ca n't find the actual polls ( and do n't really care enough to spend much time looking ) , but [ this news story ] ( http://www.latimes.com/world/europe/la-fg-germany-migrants-20150901-story.html ) says that `` polls show that 60 % of germans support taking in refugees '' . 
   it was done in may and says that 54 % of germans have a negative view of immigrants coming from outside the eu . 
  conflating immigrants in general with refugees in particular is nonsensical . 
   this means an average of $ 600-625 / month per refugee ( migrant ) from the labour ministry ` s budget for benefits . 
  sounds pretty reasonable . 
  students in norway and denmark get more than that . 
   kind of ironic that even schengen citizens need some sort of identity document outside of their homecountry but they do n't . 
  i went to germany earlier this year . 
  the only thing ever checked was my plane tickets , nothing else . 
  i said literally nothing about economics . 
  i 'm talking about avoiding a country that * clearly does not want you * . 
  why would anyone want to request asylum in hungary ? 
  i know a place that actually decides to put up a fence along its border to keep `` undesirables '' out would certainly be one of my last choices , since that 's not somewhere i 'd actually feel safe . 
  conflating immigration in general with refugees in particular is nonsensical . 
  note that it is n't all the refugees we 're taking , just the syrian ones . 
  though i agree that it is low . 
  the original 10k over two years was much better . 
   a bit poorer ? 
  `` quite a bit '' and `` a bit '' does not mean the same thing . 
  yeah . 
  200 is pathetically low . 
  meanwhile , norway , which has a slightly lower population than slovakia , will be taking in 8000 over three years despite our current conservative government , and even that is quite a lot lower than the left 's desire of 10 000 over two years . 
  i would n't expect slovakia to take as many as norway , what with being quite a bit poorer , but over an order of magnitude less is pathetic . 
  it seems they just got an emergency room of their own . 
  i think the `` good old stormfront argument '' is pretty applicable when someone is actually advocating the outright murder of refugees by sinking their boats . 
  the only real flaw is that it 's an endemic issue in this subreddit rather than something merely caused by brigading . 
  yep . 
  that 's basically what i was saying : `` at this point it is endemic [ ... ] actual members of this sub manage to be terrible all on their own '' . 
  if someone is only showing up in a subreddit when they 're linked there from elsewhere , i think it is reasonable to not consider them an actual member of the subreddit . 
  so someone who does actually visit the sub when they 're not getting linked here would be a member of the sub . 
  it 's a pretty low bar . 
  really though , at this point it is endemic . 
  external brigades certainly make it * worse * , but actual members of this sub manage to be terrible all on their own . 
  since the invention of nuclear weapons , no nuclear power has been at war with another , and the world is more peaceful than it has ever been . 
  seems to work reasonably well . 
   the whole point of having a military is n't to use it . 
  exactly . 
  `` si vis pacem , para bellum '' - `` if you want peace , prepare for war . '', 
   they 'll end up looking like jehovah 's witnesses with their doomsday predictions that do n't come to pass . 
  sadly they 'll just come up with some other doomsday prediction instead . 
  muslims are called `` muslimer '' in the scandinavian languages . 
  denmark 's unemployment rate is only 6.3 % , and there are unemployment benefits . 
  they should be fine . 
  denmark has unemployment benefits ; they should be fine .
