  they 'll find new jobs ( probably better too , what with how low unemployment rates in denmark are ) soon enough . 
  exploitative company decides not to do business rather than accept reasonable demands . 
  sounds quite good to me . 
   other ryanair workers went to the media with claims that in some months their wages were as low as $ 500 ( # 348 ) , or less than half the salaries of local low-cost airlines . 
  sounds like a pretty reasonable complaint to me . 
  $ 500/month is fuck all in the nordics . 
   `` ryanair 's style is management by fear , '' said morten windel\u00f8v , a ryanair pilot from 2007-2011 , and now a leading voice in the unions ' campaign to persuade the airline to negotiate . 
  `` there is a widespread disdain for employees , you are not treated with trust or respect as an individual -- irrespective of whether you are a pilot or cabin crew . 
  i can not comprehend that you can be treated like that . '' also sounds like a pretty significant issue . 
   if the rules forced upon by the unions represent a major disadvantage to the point where companies who do n't comply with them are accused of having `` an unfair disadvantage '' , maybe the unions represent the problem and not the solution . 
  a company that did n't bother following pollution guidelines would also be accused of having `` an unfair advantage '' . 
  that does n't make pollution guidelines a problem . 
  much like it does n't make union guidelines a problem . 
  nordic society is built on unions , and most nordic people are quite happy with that state of affairs , what with some of the highest standards of living in the world . 
  the distances on the other hand are . 
  it 's about 16km between k\u00f8benhavn and malm\u00f8 , while it is near 80km between helsinki and talinn , and about 40km between dover and calais . 
  the whole rail baltica project is budgeted at 3.7 billion euros . 
  the chunnel alone cost 4.6 billion pounds . 
  a tunnel from helsinki to talinn would presumably cost twice that , so it 'd cost nearly four times as much as the * entire * rail baltica project . 
  that 's inaccurate . 
  it was phrased really badly , but it was listed as a goal , not a demand . 
   your whole argument is that they give up transiting after puberty because it 's hard i have not said anything of the sort . 
  since i 've already clarified this once [ a few comments up ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b6rkj/norway_to_let_7yrolds_change_gender/cskec6v ) without it sinking in , you can consider this discussion over . 
  a lot of trans people do transition , including getting sex reassignment surgery . 
  especially in countries that cover this as part of universal health care . 
  even more get hormone replacement therapy . 
  it 's not perfect , but it beats living in the wrong body . 
  the medical community 's consensus is that that is the right way to deal with it . 
   you seem to think they decide it 's too much of a hassle to go through it once puberty 's over . 
  not even remotely what i 'm saying . 
  growing into the wrong body can be very traumatic , and causes permanent changes that are difficult to undo . 
  delaying puberty ( e.g. , until age 16 , so that they can make an informed choice ) and then deciding to go on hormone replacement therapy avoids both the trauma , and the undesired permanent changes . 
  it 's almost as if going through puberty can be traumatic for trans individuals , and makes it a lot harder to transition afterwards . 
  which is why puberty blockers are used to delay puberty long enough for the person to make an informed decision . 
  what part of it do n't you buy ? 
   what is against rules of this sub i ca n't find anything in here banning non-english languages : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules in fact , the opposite is there :  we request that users who post non-english articles also post a translation ( even if just a machine translation ) to help the forum engage with the post . 
  ** however , this is only a request , and posts will not be removed for this reason . 
  ** ( emphasis mine ), 
  and with the attitude that any error is grounds for removal , why would anyone want to be a moderator ? 
  sure . 
  the issue with that though is that it tends to strip mod actions of all nuance . 
  it is very easy to take a removal for example out of context if you do n't know the actual reason it was removed . 
  there 's no actual way to do removal reasons at the moment for example . 
  though according to some mod replies there * is * some sub that mirrors removals somewhere . 
   but how come you 'd have to remove a post that was doing well ? 
  is this like off-topic stuff ? 
  yes . 
  subreddits tend to stuff that is n't really relevant if it is funny or otherwise interesting in some way . 
  moderation is needed to maintain quality . 
  it 's the main difference between / r/gaming and / r/games for example . 
  to the best of my knowledge there 's no way to make either page public . 
  they 're for moderation purposes only . 
   you are , not , in fact , of a different gender , until you actually undergo treatment . 
  a trans person is the gender they identify as even before they transition . 
   you just change a word in the passport and legally you become a person of a different gender and why is this a problem ? 
   however what about the children who decide they are wrong about being female or male the risk and consequences of that are considered to be lower than the risk and consequences of a trans person going through puberty . 
  going through puberty can be quite traumatic for trans people , and makes it quite a bit more difficult for them to transition later in life . 
  trans people also have quite possibly the highest suicide of any group , so providing them with the help they need is imperative . 
  there 's no `` on a whim '' . 
  transitioning usually takes years . 
  what 's usually done in the case of children is providing them with puberty-blocking drugs so that they get the time to figure out whether they 're trans or not . 
  this bill is purely about the legal aspect ( e.g. , on a passport ) , not surgery or hormone replacement therapy . 
   nevermind that males and females are factually different way beyond just physical appearance . 
  the main difference between a pre-transition trans woman and a cis woman , or a pre-transition trans man and a cis man , is physical appearance and hormones . 
  mentally they 're very similar . 
  that 's why they feel the need to transition . 
  a trans person is very much the gender they identify as . 
  going through puberty is undersirable for trans individuals , as puberty results in various permanent changes to a person 's body , and if the person is trans these changes will make it more difficult for them to transition later in life . 
  plus puberty can be quite traumatic for trans people . 
  as trans people have essentially the highest suicide rate of any group , the expected value is considered to be positive despite the risk of the person putting off puberty and then turning out not tans . 
   vast majority i looked the study up . 
  referring to it as the vast majority is disingenuous at best . 
  of 54 children , 61 % ceased to be dysphoric . 
  there 's nothing vast about that majority . 
  also worth noting that on average , those that continued to be dysphoric had stronger symptoms to begin with . 
  by the sounds of it , that 's the same way norwegian government works . 
  the current norwegian government is a minority coalition that rules through the support of two parties not in the coalition . 
  or am i misunderstanding the agreement ? 
  probably to do with demand . 
  they 've presumably figured out what price point works the best for each trip , and coincidentally they ended up the same . 
  150 vs. 70 eur , then . 
  meanwhile here in norway , train is far cheaper . 
  oslo-trondheim by train is 250 nok each way , and you get from city center to city center . 
  so 500 nok for the round trip , plus 120 nok or so for public transit to wherever you 're actually going within each city . 
  oslo-trondheim by plane is usually 500 nok each way ( though sometimes there 's sales and it can go as low as 200 nok . 
  500 nok seems the most common ) . 
  on top of that , you 're well outside the city on each end . 
  the bus to/from the airport usually costs ~ 150 nok for a round-trip , so 300 nok total for the trip . 
  all told , 1300 nok for the round-trip . 
  so overall , 1300 nok vs. 620 nok . 
  the big advantage though is that while the plane takes about 50 minutes , the train takes 7 and a half hours . 
  even accounting for check-in and all that , taking the plane is much quicker than taking the train , but you end up paying about twice as much . 
   however , pollution by cigarette butts is still a big problem . 
  the real problem there is lax enforcement of littering laws , really . 
  the problem is simply exacerbated by smoking . 
  ( i too would like to see smoking limited purely to homes and open places , but with enforcement of littering laws to stop cigarette butts lying around ), 
   what you get is children that speak broken swedish i do n't know if norway is somehow significantly different from sweden in this regard , but here that simply is n't the case in my experience living for a couple of decades in eastern oslo where immigration is especially heavy ( over 50 % in some areas ) . 
  second generation immigrants in my experience speak virtually perfect norwegian . 
  at worst they have a very slight accent . 
  there 's occasional loan words , but there 's definitely more english loan words than loan words from other languages .
