  you had to spew slanderous nonsense about all of us . 
  you claimed the eastern expansion was thrust upon you , that turkey and syria might be made members against your will , that your sovereignty was under attack by regulations you ether wrote , help write or voted for . 
  you claimed we were taking your money and giving nothing in return . 
  pfft . 
  i see someones been reading the daily mail . 
  certainly their your rhetoric seems inspired by the same bile . 
   even now , trying to prove that the uk is n't already hostile , the best you can come up with is `` the political leaders we do n't like did something that helped you so shut up and suck our cocks . '', 
  you really are just like the fucking serbs . 
  you want to act like blunt assholes but you also want everyone to love you for it . 
  casual racism really makes your point for you  european unity is a joke . 
  every single member of the eu is acting only in it 's self interest . 
  when everyone else does it they are being ` good eu members ' when the uk does it they are ` sabotaging the eu ' . 
  you think we are hostile ? 
  if the eu negotiating team are as fucking braindead as you , you 'll see hostile . 
  lets go back to fucking 1900s europe if you want . 
  it 's not like one of the founding principles of the eu is peace in europe . 
  what happened to sticking to your principles ? 
  i guess it does n't apply when it 's not in your self interest ? 
  as an aside , i 've realized it seems i 'm more arguing the case of what i think cameron 's renegotiation attempt should have looked like , not what a brexit should . 
   why would eastern europe voluntarily agree to it ? 
  because the uk has been consistently backing their interests . 
  in the name of european unity they could selflessly back one of ours . 
   i care about the precedent that allows a country to randomly change the rules based on completely internal issues . 
  it 's not really random at all though . 
  england is the most densely populated major country in europe and it has one of the highest net immigration aswell . 
  it 's a problem that needs to be addressed . 
   i could buy into that if that could be made as a workable solution for everyone ( not just uk as a special case ) . 
  but how do you decide on the `` 0,3 % '' ? 
  i worked backwards , so i know i could sell a 100,000 deduction in immigration with controls to see future immigration is manageable , and from that i worked out what percentage 200,000 is of 65million ( uk pop ) . 
   do you leave it up to the host country ? 
  that sounds like an implementation nightmare and a huge increase of bureaucracy for eu workers - stands directly against the principles of `` freedom of movement '' . 
  an agreed upon maximum percentage would work i think . 
  implementation would i think be up to the host nation , if they want to do it they can pay for it . 
   stands directly against the principles of `` freedom of movement '' . 
  not really . 
  i would be perfectly happy to have a clause for full fom to be resumed when the eu is more balanced . 
  short term pain for long term gain . 
   sanctions , csdp : that does n't need to be part of the agreement . 
  of course we 'll collaborate , we 're not enemies , we have common interests . 
  but these are different subjects . 
  the idea of ` punishing ' the uk for leaving has come up and if that does turn out to be the case i would support our not being a part of a common defense or sanctions against russia . 
  to be clear i do n't expect the eu not to look after it 's own interests , i just do n't expect it to go out of it 's way to ` make an example ' . 
  this is a thought experiment . 
  no need to be rude . 
   brilliant observation sherlock [ ok ] ( http://www.carlsguides.com/strategy/civilization5/gamepictures/xculturalvictory.gif.pagespeed.ic.7riiycq_pj.jpg )  my point was that she could have invoked article 50 immediately but picked an arbitrary later date . 
  why ? 
  no , actually that was n't your point . 
  your point was that '27 countries voted for croatia to join ' and that ` the uk has no influence ' . 
  and even if that was your point , youre still wrong . 
  she was n't pm * immediately * after the referendum . 
  even if she had been she would n't be able to , she needs parliamentary approval to do so . 
  and then there is the question of why should she ? 
  rushing into negotiations would be a disaster . 
  her setting a date that is soon but not immediate is absolutely the right thing to do . 
   now that it 's up to the courts the government can blame whoever ultimately votes it down in parliament , rather than facing the consequences of pulling the trigger . 
  no one is going to vote it down , the tory party are in favour as are the labour party . 
  thats the majority government and the main opposition , if you did n't know . 
   you already see us as the enemy . 
  us treating you as anything else is absurd . 
  germany and france wanted to loosen sanctions on russia . 
  the uk pushed for harder sanctions . 
  the uk is the only major power in the eu meeting it 's defense spending aims . 
  - we 've treated the eu as friends , we 've put actual actions behind our defense of the eastern members of the eu , what has croatia done ? 
  in what way is germany and france wanting to lessen sanctions on russia show unity with the european union ? 
  you are full of it . 
  ah , and so your true meaning comes to the fore . 
  honestly why were you trying to pretend you had an actual point ? 
   it 's a dumb decision and you know it . 
  if you did n't know it was a dumb decision , you would go around looking for others to validate you . 
  what do you even mean . 
   you are fighting tooth and nail to ether have parliament block brexit or for some other legal technicality to bail you out . 
  a certain number of europhiles hope for this . 
  the vast majority of the country is on the same page in regards to that we are leaving . 
   if that was n't the case , may would have invoked a 50 months ago . 
  may stated she would activate in march before the court challenge . 
  if you think the eu is such a horrible place , try shutting up about it long enough to go away !, 
  are you like 5 ? 
  believe it or not international politics is generally taken a bit more seriously than playground arguments . 
   we got 27 yes votes and why did you get 27 yes votes ? 
  because the uk exerted it 's influence to make it that way . 
   the french and germans ca n't even push around hungary , or wallonia or hell , even us , jet somehow the only country that constantly folds to this so called hegemony is you . 
  and yet the whole of southern europe is dependent on germany now . 
  and yet before the uk joined , france and germany held meetings before eu meetings to decide what the agenda would be . 
   maybe you 're just naturally pathetic and unable to stand up for your selves . 
  the rest of us have no such issues . 
  in the next breath your going to complain about all the ` special opt outs ' we get . 
  honestly if you have nothing but rhetoric best not to speak . 
   this sounds like a contradiction . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  it 's an ideological contradiction , not a pragmatic one . 
  i would add in a commitment to full freedom of movement when eu nations have comparable wealth . 
  such that one sided labour exchange is curtailed . 
   what about a quid pro quo agreement per percentage of inhabitants ? 
  that would be agreeable . 
  approx 0.3 % of native population . 
  which would allow for ~ 200,000 into the uk this year . 
  ( yes , that is an annual limit ) . 
   also , what about students in exchange programs , pupils and artists ? 
  do they count as immigrants ? 
  student are not immigrants , though in some fields certain numbers of positions may need to be reserved for native citizens , to meet domestic need .
