i 'd think getting air superiority of iran would be much harder than of germany . 
  they 're not right next door . 
  they 're airforce though outdated can actually put to air . 
  they 'd have plenty of support from ground installations . 
  we know every installation in germany . 
  we could wipe out every military installation in a first strike . 
  you said its playing out a little too well to be coincidence . 
  i am disagreeing with that statement . 
   that 's still 8 modern and capable aircraft though . . 
  it 's not quite the same as going up against an ageing fleet of badly maintained aircraft whose pilots are n't getting any flight hours . 
  like i said , it 's a matter of degrees of difference , you do n't have to notch up the defensive capabilities much to make it a very different proposition . 
  i mean , the uk has around 126 operational typhoons and around 104 tornadoes . 
  france 's airforce has about the same capabilities as the raf . 
  those that could be deployed quickly are of course less , say 50 typhoons , and i cba looking up for tornadoes . 
  i 'd say it 's more than a few notches to make the german airforce relevant . 
  also there is the carrier aircraft to consider , though i 'm not sure we have those yet ? 
  ( the f-35s right ? ), 
   of course nothing is new under the sun , or it is n't true word for word . 
  but it 's all just playing out a little too well and too well timed to be complete coincidence . 
  how many books are there that prophesise completely different things and have been proven completely wrong ? 
   but the german air force are neither blind ( they 'd see it coming ) nor unable to respond . 
  it 's a different ballgame simply because everyone involved is quite a bit more capable . 
  the german airforce is a joke . 
  in 2015 , 38 deployable fighers out of an inventory of 198 . 
  only 8 of these 38 are the more modern typhoons . 
  unable to respond describes the german armed forces nicely , i think . 
   true , although you 'd think there 'd be better options . 
  i mean , this scenario taking place means they would already have ignored the literal tonne of pressure from every major allied power said rogue nation would need to move through . 
   i 'm not so sure ( it 's a lot harder than bombing a reactor in iran . . ) i 'm not sure why it would be ? 
  the french and british air forces could wipe any other in europe out without breaking a sweat . 
   but it 'd certainly make an interesting afternoon . . 
  it would be the end of peace in europe . 
  better that than the end of global peace . 
   why should they censor themselves ? 
  lets see them make the same comments about saudia arabia as they continue arms trading before we even consider making comments about one of our closest allies new leader , who as of yet has none nothing of note . 
  yes , hand them over quietly and the retaliation will be handing more nukes over quietly to other people . 
   or to bomb the facilities that are part of their weapons programmes . . 
  i do believe european or nato forces would take this action in response to a rogue state attempting to go nuclear in the middle of europe . 
   the only thing i meant was how the french `` imagine '' / `` see '' them . 
  not how they actually are . 
  but ask a french what he thinks about japanese he 's gon na tell you they 're aliens from the future . 
  same in the uk , it 's a common stereotype i think . 
   naaaah , not in awe of that . 
  we french have the best trains in the world !, 
   i think they are about the same , speed wise , but we have more high speed tracks than them . 
  could be wrong there . 
  we defenetly started before them . 
  but do your trains arrive on time ? 
  if they do i for one am jealous !, 
  japan is very paperwork heavy . 
  they have very entrenched ways of doing things and the collectivist society takes a long time to change . 
  it 's a great place and i 'm not trying to put them down but you have to realize that the super robotic technological japan is how they marketed themselves to the world like a decade ago . 
  their trains are rad , too . 
  you may be right . 
  perhaps though the answer is for germany to put funds into the militarises of the border states of the eu and make up their contribution that way . 
  defense costs need to be paid , doing nothing isnt a solution unfortunatly . 
  it 's pretty implicit in the tone of your message . 
   * we would just * have to restart our respective nuclear weapons programs ( * that you forced us to end * ) . 
  * nuclear weapons are very cheap , you know * ? 
  on a more pragmatic note . 
  as signatories of the nuclear proliferation treaties you wo n't be restarting your nuclear programs . 
  it would be incredibly fool hardy , china and russia 's response would no doubt be to arm their allies with nuclear weapons . 
  such as iran . 
  it would also sour relationships with india , pakistan , turkey , australia . . infact pretty much every relevant power that has not developed nukes and not had a permanent seat on the security council at the threat from the nuclear powers . 
  if by some incredible turn of fate this idea managed to pass your national government i can only expect the result would be these attempts being taken out by your allied forces . 
   nuclear weapons are very cheap , you know ? 
  delivery systems that allow for mad threat are very expensive . 
  the democratic institutions of the uk , france and germany are very unlikely to fall to fascism any time soon . 
  - i can understand why many would be uncomfortable with a strong german military . 
  perhaps they could outsource their military expenditure to other eu nations that they trust ? 
  either way germany is just one of many eu nations not meeting the nato guidelines . 
  i can kind of see the statements you are making but i do n't understand how they fit into the context of the discussion . 
  - the original point made was that the only eu country that can stand up to china and the us is germany . 
  my point is that actually france and the uk are much better at this than germany . 
  i mean , you 're not wrong , but it 's a bit of an inane comment . 
  given a fair playing field after ww2 germany still would n't have the sort of soft power france and the uk have as that power is largely vestigial power of the empires and germany never had a particularly influential empire . 
  - i do n't disagree with your comment but i do n't understand if there is a further point being implied or not ? 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  our actions show the truth , as do yours . 
   if we are talking about countries paying for defence of other countries it is . 
  no , it 's the literal opposite . 
  countries defending other countries is the opposite of countries defending themselves in isolation . 
   no matter how many nato countries spend 2 % , the us still has to spend money on canadian/european defence . 
  and other members of nato are spending money on us defence , that is how nato works , yes . 
   considering that there were years where us has spend more than 5 % of their gdp on defence i also do n't see how 2 % is an equal share . 
  it 's a fair amount because that is the amount the us agreed was a fair amount . 
  that is what they were willing to work with . 
  now if we were meeting that and they wanted to increase it , then sure , lets have a debate . 
  but what we have at the moment is just 4 of the european nato members meeting that 2 % . 
   a country like estonia will never be able to protect against a russian invasion conventionally . 
  estonia is part of the european union and nato . 
  if european nations actually met the nato 2 % guidelines russia would have no chance , with or without the us . 
  i do n't know why you picked estonia , as they meet their nato obligations the us do n't have a bone to pick with them . 
   nukes , however , could have a very preventative effect . 
  as signatories of the nuclear proliferation treaty you wo n't be getting nukes . 
  you 'll have to deal with french , british or us nukes . 
  if other eu nations start developing nukes that will cause a huge diplomatic incident with china and russia . 
  their obvious retaliation is giving nukes to countries we do n't like . 
  for example iran . 
  - i 'm sure you 'll find plenty of upvotes , european jingoism is always liked on / r/europe .
