  the reality is the eu already has a nuclear umbrella and trying to expand it would be disastrous for world peace . 
  it 's not about estonia being able to defend itself in isolation though . 
  it 's about estonia paying an equal share into the pot that defends it . 
  it 's not their fault they are a small country , what matters is they pull their portion of the weight . 
  which is why the uk is the only one of the ` big three ' who pushed for harsh sanctions against russia in support of our eastern allies ? 
  keep the propaganda . 
   the german efficiency , the nordic transparency , the swiss cleanliness , the japanese modernity ... you know japan still uses fax machines enmasse ? 
   the only european state that 's even remotely capable of standing up to china and the us is germany . 
  germany 's influence around the world is essentially nil . 
  both france and the uk have * far * more soft power than germany . 
  the only power germany has is it 's position in the eu . 
  - if we 're talking about standing up to other foreign powers , it is the uk that has been arguing harsh sanctions for russia , both germany and france wanted to relent . 
  \\  eu countries complaining about threats . 
  so the us wants you to raise your military expenditure to agreed upon levels . 
  to spite them , you propose ... raising your military expenditure ? 
   because usa has been funding literally every single european country 's national defense for decades . 
  the uk , poland , greece and estonia are meeting thier nato obligations . 
  so not * literally * every single eu country . 
  other than that i agree . 
  difference between party membership and labour electorate though . 
  reeeeeee, 
  it 's pretty simple , and you will find the same sentiment in france : the only two competent militaries in the eu are the uk and france . 
  we already work extremely closely together . 
  now before anyone takes offence , i am aware that a few other eu members are meeting their nato obligations , but their militaries are so small in total scale or so focused on defense as to make them irrelevant in the capacity the uk and france require . 
  the uk and france have commitments all over the globe , we do n't trust a committee of 28 nations to consider our commitments and so an eu army is impossible . 
  then you have the question of leadership of an eu army . 
  when most of it would be paid for by the uk and france and the largest military groups will be the uk and french , command is obviously going to have to be a joint uk-french venture . 
  in which case the situation is a lot of hassle to barley improve on the current situation . 
  ( and i doubt the other eu nations would be too happy to give up control to the uk-france . ), 
  ** it 's a question of what an eu army offers and what limitations it brings and to the uk , and i would argue to france as well , it offers practically nothing and sets huge limitations . 
  you might aswell be angry that men ca n't sprout wings and fly . 
  the uk is/was the main proponent of sanctions against russia . 
  france and germany were much less steadfast . 
  i get it 's cool to hate on the uk though , got ta get those internet points . 
  it is a myth but it is only a myth discovered in hindsight , the people at the time were acting on the belief that it was true and when judging their actions you then must consider this aswell . 
   american based nuke til : scotland and the european coast are american . 
   the dialogue changes completely when we discuss `` intra-eu alliances '' vs. `` backing someone who leaves '' . 
  the ee needs to focus on eu future ahead of relationship with uk . 
  i do n't think the dialogue changes at all , they did n't back us when cameron tried to renegotiate , they wo n't back us now . 
   random was the wrong word , `` arbitrary '' ( as in `` unilateral '' and `` selfish '' ) is better - i.e. 
  done in the way that does n't consider the rest but just oneself . 
  a group that has done nothing but be selfish ca n't accuse another of being selfish , i think . 
   as you realised ... you 're discussing something that might 've worked inside the eu . 
  the problem that we have is that we have to leave with the precedent that you set ; ** as we all realise , mobility of the workforce is a real problem ** , with no easy solutions . 
  if we make it seem like being isolationist is an easy solution , we 'll break up the union . 
  and i for one am strongly convinced that sticking together is better for everybody - even for the richest of the eu , like e.g. 
  it may seem that they benefit the least - and in many ways , they do ; but they can enjoy their relative wealth better in a stable & prosperous continent , than in a divided one , fraught with conflict . 
  in the same way that well-spent taxes actually helps the wealthy live a better life , not just the poor . 
  unfortunately it seems a uk exit vote is the only way for this message to reach the political elites . 
   that was just emotional response from some , does n't mean anything . 
  there 's disappointment in the eu , yes - but nobody wants uk to be enemies . 
  however , the mood changed from `` how can we solve this together '' to `` damage control '' - `` how can we keep the eu together & move forward with this new reality '' . 
  and , the pragmatic reality is that an eu that looks after its interests will likely hurt uk interests to some degree - if you can propose a win-win solution , we 'll take it . 
  but put yourself in our shoes , win-win is not `` common guys , show some flexibility '' - for something to be a `` win '' for eu , you need to make a convincing argument that it wo n't hurt eu 's future . 
  do that , and we 'll take the deal . 
  i do n't expect the eu to sacrifice it 's own interests in favour of ours , from what i can see even as a member that is n't a thing anyway . 
  i expect them to work towards a workable deal that will work for both of us . 
  as i expect the same of my gov. 
  it does n't need to be win-win , it needs to be fair . 
  an unfair deal in the long run will be much much worse for european stability . 
   and we 're back to the original problem . 
  you 're assholes and you 're hellbent on being the other . 
  as , i think we 've already discussed . 
  that was n't the original point . 
   you get to be assholes while being one of us . 
  when you 're not one of us and are still assholes , then we hate you . 
  how 's that for unity of purpose . 
  not every eu member agrees the eu is better off without you , but no one disputes that you are the most annoying people on the continent . 
  ah , not wanting to be part of a union of assholes ( as you put it ) how out there and * other * of us !, 
  but please , you want to be hostile , \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0442\u0432\u043e\u0439 \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 ? 
   how would rushing to negotiations be a disaster ? 
  if the uk can afford to walk away with nothing it really does n't matter when negotiations start . 
  if the uk ca n't afford to walk away with nothing , then it does n't matter when negotiations start because you 're negotiating from a position of weakness . 
  by starting the process immediately you at least have the ability to bluff . 
  now everyone 's seen your hand . 
  you need a deal . 
  lol . 
  the eu has no unity of purpose . 
  the balance of these negotiations has yet to be seen . 
   you treat the eu with very open hostility . 
  you 're meeting nato obligations , but in terms of actually contributing to the defense of the east front you did exactly as much as france or germany , and poland and belgium and denmark for that matter . 
  no , actually we did more . 
  from your list poland did the same amount . 
  germany and france wanted to loosen sanctions . 
   when spewing nonsense about controlling your own borders , you 're specifically talking about us . 
  you have to be . 
  romanians and poles coming to steal your jobs . 
  no freedom of movement so that none of us undesirables can soil your pristine country . 
  it 's got nothing to do with being romanian or polish or anything else . 
  it 's simple statistics . 
  there is a huge wealth devide in the eu , english is the most spoken 2nd language in the world , of course people flock to the uk . 
  now england is the most densly populated major country in the eu and it has a housing crisis and public service crisis ongoing to boot . 
  the eu could have flexed on this issue , and then cameron would have won the referendum hands down . 
   the french and the germans are assholes , but they 're our assholes . 
  they have their own geopolitical agendas , but they still want to peruse them from within the eu . 
  they 're willing to ignore immediate benefits for the long term prosperity of the group . 
  why did they oppose financial integration when the uk backed it ? 
  because it would n't benefit them . 
   but no . 
  you could n't have that .
