  plus his story was shady as well . 
  like bribing the policemen on the border and being tortured at the station whereas there is not police presence in turkish borders but military , etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war#turkey http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/30/world/europe/turkey-strengthens-rights-of-syrian-refugees.html?_r=0 http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html, 
  like i said it might be . 
  but even tough i believe that erdogan and his government is corrupt as fuck , turkey had spent a lot for refugees . 
  be it camps , healthcare expanses , monthly financial aids and so on and so on . 
  oh riiiiight , now the money had not been spent on refugees but gone to pockets of some corrupt guy . 
  might be . 
  care to prove it tho ? 
   arbitrary such as ? 
  what arabian friends ? 
  i guess you meant gulf countries ? 
  for instance some sources claims that ksa did around 500k but they are not registered as refugees . 
  so what is your actual reason ? 
  i guess you have pretty low humanitarian standards when you compare yourself with the gulf countries . 
  to me you seem like full of bs with your tone . 
  god speed troll , before you label me as marxist also . 
  how much israel spent on syrian refugees ? 
  or better put it that way ; does israel take syrian refugees ? 
  ( that 's an honest question . ), 
  if not , why not ? 
  they are being registered tho and getting monthly aid , free healthcare , education and now they got work permit with regulations . 
  may not be on par with german or sweden standarts but they definitey get benefits . 
  how the hell billions of euros had been spent by turkey herself if they do not get anything ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_and_crescent#non_muslim-majority_state.2fterritory_emblems good enough ? 
  or you will insist on flags ? 
  here comes the super genius europeans with the ideas of sanctions , nuking ankara , taking \u0130stanbul back . 
  this one is as sharp as a tack . 
  wow . 
  supporting oil sales as a country ? 
  debunked . 
  we do not use refugees as leverage in discussion . 
  get off your freaking high horse . 
  3 millions of them in the country and they do not consume rainbows you know ? 
  human rights and control of turkish media , freedom of speech is awful at the moment you are right . 
  tho a bit rich coming from europeans who cheer for iran deals at the moment , ha ? 
  magically iran is now a paradise land . 
  it is beyond than imagination people are in denial and keep parroting the same unrealistic approaches and bash out relatively sensible offers well just because erdo\u011fan said so . 
  `` hurr durr safe zone because they do n't want kurds . '', 
  well good luck with creating australian type detention camps or shooting down boats which i am sure will be the next solutions . 
  and what sketchy shit are you talking about ? 
  another genius european . 
  tell this to your fellow eu countries and your government who also took part of destabilizing the region , supporting separatists and arming them . 
  very much delusional to think that it is not also your problem . 
  oh do not worry i know what you are also . 
  hypocrite western european with a superiority complex plus a joke . 
  so do not lose your mind when we turn blind eye to the refugees who go to your precious eu , ok ? 
  we got ta take care about our country and our people and we have done our share with 3 millions of them . 
  take some of the burden . 
  we are not your dumpster ( ! ) . 
  and you speak about manipulation and at the beginning of your posts there is `` war crimes against kurds and cheap isis oil . '', 
  are you a joke or what ? 
  he even commented about my hometown antakya and how we are occupied . 
  did not even bother to reply . 
  just lol ` ed . 
  average american . 
  i see . 
  lol, 
  how was that a national pride thing ? 
  as much as i hate the fsa support of current government , they were not alone in this shit . 
  us , france openly supported fsa and yet nearly all the eu countries showed solidarity with fsa and islamist rebels , separatists against assad . 
  we may be heading towards the wrong direction , but blaming the whole mess on just turkey is ridiculous . 
  a line has drawn long ago . 
  move on . 
   ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ural_mountains, 
  no , it is not . 
  that 's why there was an exclamation mark on the dumpster . 
  indeed they are not thrash so quit trying to get rid of them like thrash . 
  set your priorities . 
  do you want to aid rather underdeveloped eu countries ? 
  or to solve your the world ending `` refugee crisis '' ? 
  because any solution about your crisis will cost you a lot , you know . 
  do n't pay . 
  personally i do not want your money or your aid or the refugees back whom you hate . 
  we are not a dumpster ( ! ), 
  of your union . 
  that being said we host 3 millions of refugees and as you said the economic level is not good in the country . 
  we have done our share , i would 100 % turn my eyes to other way when they want to go to europe . 
  hope they will for their own good also . 
  no problem at all . 
  nothing wrong with having turkish genes . 
  so you are probably also ok . , 
  the very fact that everything in your mind is related to genocide is the problem . 
  oh you dislike turks because of me and reddit discussion ? 
  nice lol . 
  is there any chance that your surname ends with oglou ? 
  your straw mans are strong eh ? 
  if there is a hypocrite here that is you by openly trying to justify massacres and celebrating them . 
  we see from the case of you . 
  it really is not healthy and sane way to choose to live . 
  yeah good for them . 
  living on hatred . 
  clearly very healthy way to sustain your life . 
  yeah ' it did not work well indeed . 
  because that aid is not delievered . 
  i swear people like when they see turks are/were getting killed . 
  `` oh armenian genocide , but you did it first , barbarian turks , etc. 
  etc. '', 
  for once shut up , take responsibility ( ! ), 
  and say sorry at least .
