  prepare your valium in advance . 
  cheers . 
  great plan and route . 
   hope you enjoyed . 
  that is indeed fun fact . 
  i was really laughing at that character when i was kid . 
  sad to see that shadow play is vanishing slowly . 
  it was not expected to see karag\u00f6z magnet from bursa  and there are plenty of romanians coming to that city due to factory and company visits in automotive industry . 
  and vice versa as well . 
  you work in automotive industry ? 
  i am not offended , your choice to live and ruled by hatred and agenda . 
  it is not healthy tho . 
  get over this turkish hate mate . 
  you sound like you have inferiority complex that will live in you for centuries . 
  and there is a video with subtitles . 
  enough red alert for today . 
  turn the pc off . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  trolling is disgutsing sometimes . 
  it was an emphasis of hypocrisy and having a laugh over double murder , you dumbfuck . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  not muslim , not terrorism ? 
  eh let 's fill the comments section with shitty jokes . 
  good , start with the ones from turkey . 
  i grew up in bursa and specifically a particular neighborhood where exiled turks from bulgaria settled down . 
  have not heard a single bulgarian word from them . 
  i mean like none in my life . 
  and i served my military duty in k\u0131rklareli still none . 
  anyway i laughed hard when i saw the kurdic dialect near ankara , konya , etc. 
  please take erdo\u011fan from us and integrate him into european politics . 
  thank you . 
  yes , some of them are also very openly vocal about the issue , [ one of the protestors ] ( http://p.ocdn.ee/17/i/2015/6/12/bklbjyec.da4.jpg ) with refugee topic related tshirt !, 
  ( not . ), 
  i agree but it is like you can not escape from them . 
  it seemed that they were at every corner of vilnius . 
  no \u010cili pica ? 
  shame shame . 
  russians are catholics in estonia ? 
  highly doubt that . 
  [ i will just leave this here . 
  so do not complain as an eu and usa about refugees and immigrants . 
  you pretty much have been destroying those countries for decades . 
  much democracy . 
  you can get whole 400k of them which turkey accepted , if you like them so much . 
  and turkey , syria , iraq is fucked with them also . 
  i thank lord every day and night for my savior kurds tho , just because you said so . 
  ahahahah lol . 
  power politics is ok when the west do it based on soviet fear , which was freaking millions of kms away from the main land usa . 
  but taking measures ( which were really really not so well planned by neo sultan erdogan . ), 
  against armed terrorist kurds right next to your country ( which is organically same terrorist movement as pkk ) is not ok . sure mate . 
  pkk/ypg kurds are terrorists . 
  who cares , they want europe . 
  take good care of them there . 
  lol . 
  be my guest , try to build a kurdish state within turkey 's borders . 
  just try . 
  because for some people religion comes first before nationality . 
  yes they are . 
  one of the cartoons ? 
  cartoons ? 
  spot on . 
  for my behalf vilnius is the best . 
  my favourite . 
  [ watermelon - feta . 
  eastern thrace is european anatolia . 
  a stubborn biggot obsessed to piss off another branch of stubborn biggots . 
  what a great value he brings to the table . 
  estonia did not have any effect on my personal religious beliefs or choices , i was always like this . 
  but i ate the pork for the first time here for instance . 
  probably drinking more saku than you do . 
  i consider myself as muslim ( maybe more like culturally ) but i do n't live by those codes . 
  pork meat is just another type of meat to me . 
  lol , that is something you do much . 
  guessing . 
  ; ) i probably had all the mainstream forms of pork meat . 
  tastewise it indeed is not the best meat in the world by no measure to me . 
  so stop trying to push your personal tastes as absolute truth , s6ber . 
  popular = tastes the best , sure mate . 
  potato is the most tasty thing in estonia . 
  no , it is not . 
  loan words ? 
  ahahh then if he is kurd he is turk , majority of them speak turkish instead of kurdish among themselves . 
  plus the arabic/sheria laws that they embrace such as ; enslaving woman , killing them , blood vengeance etc. 
  very progressive unique unicorn ethnic groups they both are . 
  yeah with only some kurds but the whole turks kinda relation right ? 
  speaking of excuses and denial ? 
  i do n't know why kurds are in a denial to accept their cultural similarities between arabs and themselves . 
  is it too bitter to swallow ? 
  nope . 
  no , overall kurds are totally like arabs . 
  there is one ethnicity who is closer to arabs in turkey , and those are kurds . 
  this statetement got us bored for real . 
  so what if we are not european ? 
  who gives a god damn thing ? 
  are you for real ? 
  why are you baltics raging over potential 200-300 asylum seekers then ? 
  of course it is . 
  and there is loads of people here who defend to shoot those boats . 
  amazing hypocrisy . 
  muslims are all the same .
