yes , glad to see that we are on a same page with you . 
  even now akp is interpreting them how they want even if the actions that they take are against the laws . 
  my motive to leave a comment was your statement of `` europe has the same laws , so it is ok . '' well we both know it is going to be way different in turkey than let 's say norway or germany . 
  abusive interpretation of those laws do not tho . 
  oh now , nowhere comparable . 
  : ) ) ) and being kurdish does not get you killed . 
  awwww , now chp is leftist ? 
  great to see that you use anything when it fits to your agenda . 
  well i will give an example of a simple guy ended up being respected by millions of turks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alen_markaryan no denial , yes there are people with bias against armenians ( and kurds ) but i do believe it has improved a lot despite the fact that we as a country going backwards under erdogan . 
  you got ta move on from that `` blame the russians '' attitude . 
  they are either aliens counted in statistics and affect your country 's position or estonian citizents . 
  very jelly . 
  because it is awful . 
  why ?!, 
  dude , they are minortiy . 
  we are lovely people in general . 
  ask holosko and stoch . 
  you are gon na get into / r/europe monthly statistics by the excessive usage of turk word . 
  yeah i do not approve hearing loud music at 3 am from neighbours like you do , but that applies to the most of the students to act like party animal from time to time . 
  do not ? 
  what is the problem to attend to an exam with a jogging suit ? 
  do you have some dress code there ? 
  what makes them `` arrogant idiots '' ? 
  yeah i am buffled why there is not more pc gaming industry or start ups in estonia . 
  [ but there is this project lately ] ( http://www.overstepgame.com/ ) . 
  let 's see if they are gon na make an impact or not . 
  ** ^ ** top kek bot . 
  and those fears do not apply us ? 
  says the torching fan stormfronter . 
  have some love , man . 
  brown love . 
  wow . 
  brilliant tactics . 
  so much wisdom . 
  my respect . 
  calm your tits . 
  and he was from pakistan if i remember correctly . 
  working in turkey sucks even for it 's own citizens . 
  yet i guess pakis were way more kuffar than turks that he had to flee . 
  it is blessing . 
  of course because you kill the kurds who does not like pkk . 
  ah good old level of proof hypocricy . 
  i guess you need interpretation of the picture as well ? 
  : ) ) ) why would i give you source about gray wolves being racist . 
  ? fuck them . 
   but you wont find a single member hating turks or arabs because of their ethnicity . 
  [ lol . 
  please tell me more . 
  clearly you watched something else . 
  my apologises , i did not read the `` if '' at the beginning so read that you wrote `` this was done by turkish . '', 
  what picture ? 
  really ? 
  from all of the videos which had been posted here it can be seen that pkk supporters were/are provoking and going for a hunt and you claim the vice versa ? 
  and you spread your blatant lies ? 
  and did you even read article ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  yeah , of course you do . 
  apologist much ? 
  or somehow something blocked your view when they were holding the flag of apo ? 
  there are cheeses that are not smelly ? 
  guess murica eats potato mash and thinks it is cheese . 
  lol, 
  good to know i am way more cultured than you are : ) ), 
  they literally miss close to zero . 
  you know what they say bout turkish guys ; protective aka obey me jealousy . 
  same applies for turkish girls . 
  massacres which being done by both sides . 
  not surprised there was no genocide in the link . 
  you guys trying too hard to be funny . 
  bro , why do you want a hell in your life ? 
  ah good old torching tradition . 
  you said what ? 
  you said atat\u00fcrk commited genocide . 
  back it up please not some random claim . 
  now tell me more about h\u00dcda-par . 
  ; ) edit : seems like he does not want to give information about h\u00fcda-par . 
  it is a political party which represents some of the conservative kurds of turkish republic . 
  and the claim is that they have roots with hezbollah . 
  and do not mind me to remind you kurds heavily voted for erdogan till last election . 
  much progressive . 
  sure but seems like you like to fall into one side 's misinformation in west . 
  rudaw.net as a source and they go apeshit when they see sputnik or rt. 
  oh wait they also used rt to bash turks . 
  lol level of hypocrisy . 
  first time you see it , because even on this subreddit the previous topic was about turks assaulting pkk supporters . 
  but in reality when you watched closely it was vice versa . 
  pkk supporters always produce misinformation . 
  seems like some of them are indeed asshats . 
  thank you . 
  could you link me the first incident ? 
  i have not noticed nor read it . 
  pkk will bomb policemen in europe ? 
  maybe for foreigners , but i guess in turkey it is easier to spot people from different regions for us . 
  nah , just check the yellow colored flags that they are holding while they are breaking bottle on the guy 's head and one of the guys who are assaulting is yelling pkk at the end of the video . 
  hint : gray jumper and converse . 
  watch this one . 
  so how is the life in kreuzberg ? 
  is it like stereotyped malm\u00f6 type ghetto or ethnic germans and mostly turk immigrants live in peacefully ? 
  yeah and i want to see his reaction while wathcing himself renamed as benjamin .
