  stop being so naive . 
  i have huge trouble with millions of new akp vote base . 
  and you better feel like having the trouble as well . 
  oh you moron , incompetent akp clowns . 
  [ wtf ? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/elchiringuitotv/status/710787839747858432 ), 
  he can eat bacon in turkey . 
  and you are a right wing circlejerk , source being yourself . 
  hmm okay . 
  `` according to yle 's sources ranta is accused of aggravated assault of a man and a woman . '', 
  and who is gon na protect women from them ? 
  fans made them do push ups for the money . 
  ah now it is specifically your town ? 
  might take a trip to the factory that they are working ? 
  and then maybe you would shame your spoiled work ethics . 
  i knew quite amount of them . 
  one of the hardest workers at my previous company which is operating in heavy industry . 
  what you gon na do now ? 
  guess , estonians indeed think that it is smart . 
  since multiple of them post the same link . 
  no , it is not . 
  what makes all the links you post `` excellent '' all the time ? 
  next time keep your hopes up for me about joking as well . 
  turkroaches sounds like a joke to you ? 
  i dont give a flying f ** k about what he said at the moment . 
  i am not in that mood . 
  but are not you the mod who warned me about aggresive language ? 
  hey , i was trolling too mate . 
  `` turkroaches '' lol . 
  cool . 
  noted . 
  and liar is ok accusation ? 
  yeah whatever . 
  this country is fucked up . 
  another middle eastern shit hole . 
  be proud with your work erdogan . 
  [ turkish harem is bad , kurdish harem is good . 
  ] ( http://image.yenisafak.com/resim/upload/2015/08/22/c87cbasliksiz2.jpg ) is not it ? 
  there are more brown guys among them than regular western or northern turks . 
  lol, 
  boring vegeterian/vegan speech . 
  your camps are already crappier than the turkish ones . 
  i like them most . 
  hence the question mark and `` or none '' . 
  what is the funny point that i am missing ? 
  now you know . 
  twin ? 
  does not exist , we are pretty unique in that regard . 
  azerbaijan or us ? 
  or none . 
  i would welcome the balkans most . 
  about time . 
  why are you even bothering ? 
  these europeans are out of their minds because couple of millions of brown people arrived in their continent . 
  they do not listen , they do not analyze , they do not emphatize . 
  all they want is ; deportation . 
  are you ok mate ? 
  one of your posts in other thread says you symphatise with turks and the this is about fucking us over . 
  and ? 
  what is the regulation if they come to turkey legally and flee to europe ? 
  and how are you gon na prove that the ones you are planning to send back came from turkey ? 
  good for you . 
  but we are not the same so that is the problem . 
  these people are so obsessed about not to see some brown people in their countries that they can literally suggest laying mines between greek islands and turkey . 
  in their minds they think that only refugee boats are sailing in aeegean sea . 
  and why the hell we get the economic migrants ? 
  and we share the responsibility you know . 
  3 millions of refugees ringing any bells ? 
  now the ones in eu are well deserved as you flame the situation up by supporting fsa , bombing libya , invading iraq as eu countries . 
  europeans ; always white as snowflakes . 
  good for you . 
  oh then you kick turkey out of nato because supposedly erdogan outplayed you ? 
  `` kick turkey out of nato because erdogan play power politics . '', 
  `` make deal with warlords . '', 
  so much european values . 
  good . 
  : ) ) the current situation is better . 
  we do not have cheese in turkey ? 
  the sad thing is that you got an upvote with that level of ignorance lol . 
  you can keep your money , visas and migrants in europe . 
  none of them needed in turkey . 
  so tell me how does it make sense to have independent kurdistan in your wet dreams while even the kurds in turkey do n't want it . 
  good luck . 
  i said you had a fair point . 
  now let 's see how you will keep up with your other rules . 
  sure . 
  i will play by your rules and delete my comment since you have a fair point . 
  let 's see how you are gon na enforce your rules of `` agenda pushing '' on him tho , since that is the only thing he does with the same words over and over again . 
  genius . 
  hopefully not . 
  the best is swedish because saga nor\u00e9n . 
  the worst is georgian . 
  ( i am sorry guys , i like you a lot for real . ), 
  yep . 
  i am idiot . 
  like i said sorry . 
  i have not associated your comment to the front page because we hear those kind of comments in a serious way quite often . 
  ok then i am dense if it was a joke . 
  `` lol it was a prank broo . '', 
  but if it was really a joke .
