  oh the excuses , like a butt everybody has one . 
  do not quote me on this but i feel like despite the mass immigration of muslims , western europe has progressed more and currently way way better place than poland . 
  must feel so bad staying miles behind while being clean of large muslim groups . 
  :d  :d, 
  hahahaha : ddd, 
  : ddd, 
  they have responsibility for the destabilization one way or another , not like an angelic past they/you have as you try to portrait . 
  but i agree on defining the bigger role of course . 
  does it work differently for different countries because there were shit loads of nato countries who refused to participate . 
  it was god damn poland 's decision indeed . 
   was n't it the western coalition invading and destabilizing middle east/iraq which led to isis poland would like to have a word with you . 
  source your reports then i can apologize from him . 
  i am waiting . 
  this is getting out of control i guess ? 
  btw there was a swedish guy here who claims that westerners do not attack in a pack . 
  read this , man . 
  except they are not that shit to be fair . 
  then how do you explain that they are pretty famous even in baltics ? 
  lol what a joke thread . 
  i expect you to explain this anytime when a person tells `` can not be racist , cuz islam is not a race ( insert any excuse here ) . '' . 
  ps : i agree with you on the definition . 
  how can you be racist towards the same race ? 
  was not r/europe preaching that ? 
  and now suddenly we are racists . 
  : dd edit : sure buddies , when it comes to turks your logic changes before the ink is dry . 
  lol . 
  ayyy look at all those hypocrites . 
   they just all seem to have flooded our sub . 
  lmfao since when this place is exclusively yours ? 
  you guys are horribly going absurd when it comes to turks . 
  and yes unlike you hypocrite westerners , we call terrorists terrorists without sugar coating them . 
  very deep and accurate analyze of the situation . 
  follow this man and you have a peaceful me 100 % . 
  edit : lol the strategists are salty . 
  exactly . 
  living close to you for quite some time . 
  -15 \u00b0 c in finland is nothing compare to humid +40 \u00b0 c in turkey . 
  maybe because he knows marketing and pr better than you do ? 
  i am sorry , i misunderstood . 
   by tenth class , army officers in uniforms start giving the lecture on this , explaining armenia is an enemy state , among others , that should be countered whenever possible . 
  and you are the bastion of truth ? 
  that lecture had been abolished 4 years ago . 
   is that level of argumentation that i can expect from turkey these days ? 
  selective amnesia and making up of facts ? 
  i guess same goes with slovakia eh ? 
  nitpicking ceasefire time as being an ally period ? 
  you think being an ally in turkey would mean giving an autonomy or freedom to kurds right away ? 
  that would be political suicide and we know that erdo\u011fan would not commit such a thing however that does not again change the fact that the massive progress towards kurds rights had been done under erdo\u011fan regime and the kurds were more than happy about it . 
  once more , he ran negotiatons with apo that should mean something to you . 
   when did hdp mps or independent mps supported erdogan proposed legislations ? 
  well back in the time bdp refused to participate to the constitutional referendum but that was just dodging the bullet officially.they agreed with the most of the changes for the sake of getting rid of `` coup d'etat '' constitution , the result of the kurdish votes should have told you something . 
  i mean if you go by the official statements but not the context you never fully understand the turkish political scene . 
  and your point being is ? 
  that does not change the fact that they remained ally for 12 years . 
  so you blame hdp and pkk also turned to a blind eye to erdogan 's neo-sultanic ambitions ? 
  erdo\u011fan was an ally with all the kurds including pkk till the last election , noone in the turkish political history but him made negotiations with apo and pkk . 
  what are the fundamental cultural differences between estonians and latvians ? 
  and what are the similarities between finns and estonians apart from the obvious language ties ? 
  just wondering . 
  are you from tartu ? 
  indeed and on top of that as far as i know they do not even train or live in turkey ( i may be wrong on this tho . ) . 
  the measures have to be taken against this kind of recruitment . 
  why is turkey light red but not blue ? 
   but they wo n't arrest any attacker whose skin colour is darker than white greeks are safe then , do not worry . 
  yep you definitely prove a fact here . 
  i mean we should have realized your level of understanding by calling almost thousand years as few centuries . 
  god speed troll . 
   they were no turkish genocide in the balkans for the simple reason that turkish did n't live in the balkans . 
  the only turks in the balkan at that times were soldiers occupying what was the ottoman empire . . and that is a proper history which your government is feeding you ? 
  some countries do not have a problem with the latter . 
  everyone talked about those , and even went for a verbal witch hunt and so on . 
  nothing is hushed up or covered . 
  delusion is strong . 
  people lost their minds and sanity to complain about and bash muslims and people of color . 
  what is this `` but but people can not talk about muslims . '', 
  to prevent the misunderstanding caused my bad wording , i meant they were up on the list somewhere but not topping the list itself . 
  where is this assumption of eastern european immigrants are saints coming from ? 
  i mean poles are up there in numbers of convicts in uk and in germany . 
  but of course it is not justifying the disgusting xenophobia and discrimination towards them . 
  they are . 
  1 millions of ukrainians in poland are not . 
  that is because you have not . 
  your officials painted the ukranians in poland as refugees to dodge the other refugees . 
  says the guy who eats [ shit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surstr%c3%b6mming ) ? 
  you won . 
  then kick spain , italy , portugal and greece out . 
  when it comes to turkey , the bashing is going full retard that it is funny . 
   i think kurdistan will have a chance after the daesh war . 
  they do n't treat their women like animals and that 's a huge thing in a muslim country . 
  when you live your life on reddit . 
  ah i should have said `` fuck off '' like you say to people . 
  then it d be kind . 
  are you talking with your mod powers officially ? 
  lol, 
  no , i want to moan here . 
  if you are upset about it ; you can comment , report or down vote . 
  when you bring up muslim massacres in balkans and in armenia , russia in a thread of armenian genocide , people go berserk `` whatboutism '' . 
  we see now , how hypocrite you europeans or `` christians '' are . 
   lol any day 's a good day to fight mongols . 
  but then you cry at the end of the day .
