  yes yes `` genocide deniar '' , we know . 
   i mean the money bribe worked so well did n't it what money bribe ? 
  thank you . 
  `` panos kammenos , rt.com , refugee blackmail , oil trade with isis , no eu . '', 
  you forgot `` out of nato ! '', 
  i highly suggest you to add it . 
  `` why they do n't go to turkey ? '', 
  is this some sort of new level of trolling ? 
  and they had troops in iraq invasion . 
  thank you . 
  i was just curious if it could be pivovarsk\u00fd d\u016fm by any chance . 
  i assume it is a traditional czech pub . 
  and if indeed so , what is the name of the place if anyone can recognize the place ? 
  http://www.todayszaman.com/national_terrorist-pkk-starts-violent-campaign-against-schools-and-children_295906.html empty of people but students and teachers were injured . 
  are they fucking ghosts ? 
  blatant lies . 
  `` i hope that the admins of r/europe will do something about sharing fake news . '', 
  i hope that too . 
  would be fun to see that all the pkk shills get banned . 
  being terrorism apologist is being progressive in your book . 
  siding with anti terrorism and anti violence is not being `` useful idiot '' . 
  unlike you ' i condemn both state terrorism and kurdish terrorism . 
  and i do not spread lies like you do . 
  oh and i am obviously miles away being a `` clepto '' ( lol ) racist like you are . 
  find a single word that i justify the death of civilian kurds . 
  prove people that i am pro-akp . 
  you are so fucking boring and a shameless liar . 
  reddit bots ' vocabulary is richer than yours . 
  and now read and watch what pkk does to civilians . 
  http://www.aljazeera.com.tr/al-jazeera-ozel/sur-magdurlari-anlatiyor https://www.59saniye.com/pkk-yol-kesmis-magdurlardan-biri-oyle-guzel-konusmus-ki/ but you pkk people justify the death of kurds to reach greater cause . 
  now time to shut the pc down . 
  too much rts games . 
  great . 
  turkey is still in the shithole region . 
  there was another thread which had been removed, 
  5 years old kid , 1 years and a 5 months old babies died in this terrorist attack . 
  and there are people on this sub telling that it was their father 's irresponsibility to become a policeman and trying to spin this disgusting attack into freedom fight ? 
  some of you are truly sickening me . 
  not me . 
  both parties have to accept that thrace is muslim greeks , greece is christian turks . 
  yep and aegen turks aka greeks are the progressive ones of us ; ) ), 
  why is not this thread 's title labeled as misleading or editorialized ? 
  are you surprised about pkk symphatizers ' misinformations and manipulations ? 
  vice versa i guess , i feel the butthurt strong in you . 
  no , unlike you pkk i do not approve murder of civilians . 
  good for you . 
  screw doctors and patients , cuz they are no civilians but government scums and leaches . 
  so bomb the hospitals . 
  right ? 
  what russians in germany ? 
  are they refugees ? 
  while the rpgs and ak 47s belong to civilians in some region of turkey . 
  and soldiers of turkey is murderer . 
  crap ? 
  ca n't cut at the moment , reading it . 
  panos kammenos , armenialiberty.org and / u/urartu _ th very objective combination . 
  ok ok , was just trying to be troll . 
  how many dutch at ramadan ? 
  let me guess . 
  not.one.dutch . 
  lol, 
  arabic ? 
  him or his wife 's ? 
  beating around the bush with massive texts . 
  yet no context , yet personal insults . 
  you are a kido who knows nothing about life but think almighty of himself . 
  you will grow up one day . 
  spamming racist and nationalist to people do not make you putting an argument on the table . 
  all you preach is much freeodom meme . 
  and as a human rights defender and non racist you use turk as pretty backwards and offensive . 
  oh but wait you were using ottoman word to describe certain people that you want to describe right ? 
  hillarious . 
  very strong and well backed arguments ( ! ), 
  without any solid solutions . 
  putting words into mouth you talk about ? 
  and flat out label me as turk ? 
  sorry to let you down but i am not even ethnically turk . 
  indeed i wonder why am i not revolting against the state even tough i belong to one of the opressed minorities in turkey . 
  because violence preaching and bringing peace eventually right ? 
  always right ? 
  putting the words into the mouth ? 
  point out where i had debunked the importance of education ? 
  turkey is backstabbing kurds you say and then blatantly tell here that you did not generalise all kurds as pkk ? 
  could you also please quote me the eu , nato , etc , accepted terrorist organisations lists ? 
  and you paint the situation as if turkish citizens and state is 7/24 on kurdish hunt , not true . 
  your wishful thinkings and hopes are becoming your delusional agenda . 
  i can easily self criticise and say that there are too much has to be improved towards minorities and their rights in turkey . 
  but your violent freedom fighting solution will not ever work . 
  you sound so naive , to believe the minorities can not ever cause problems . 
  maybe firstly , you get over your butthurt ? 
  there is no ottoman anymore . 
  you lose your credibility when you refer pkk and affiliated organisations as all the kurds . 
  noone denies that attrocities had been done towards minorities but i am not going to whitewash their violence and backwards lifestyle and beliefs . 
  there are plenty of kurdish landlords with higher education who have multiple wives and i would not be surprised if there are underaged ones among them . 
  self education , cultural revolution needed among their society . 
  do you want us to educate them like we did before ? 
  but cut your bullshit with the human rights then ? 
  kinda harder to get education while killing teachers , torching schools , etc. 
  edit : no . 
  yes yes , we own both women and countries down there unlike you .
