  in fact most of the time the reality is they feel jealous when they see a local girl with them brownies . 
  did you even read the article , yourself ? 
  because it is . 
  : ddd, 
  : ddd would be awesome if it was antakya . 
  serves well , dick place :p . worked there for 2 years . 
  probably it goes with the official city name hatay . 
  i mean there were always religious turkish nutjobs who prefer islamism over secular turkey and we have been dealing with them since the establishment of the republic but with the erdogan and his neo ottomanism , hearing these kind of ideas is more prevalent and vocal among the population . 
  but regular folk who preaches this bullshit is mostly after some personal benefit who just says what is mainstream power right now . 
  if the narrative is more nationalistic or secular or etc. 
  in the future , you can bet that these people will change their political stance like they are the bastion of these beliefs . 
  sorry for the late reply . 
  i really do not want to translate the lyrics since they are gibberish bullshit . 
  but the main motive is ottoman revival and bringing caliphate back to turkey and also he is talking against the guys who attempted for the coup . 
  for example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjecu6t_qiu the guy is extremely idiot and ottoman wannabe and of course erdogan sucker . 
  ahahahha please continue , please . 
  did not downvote a single comment of yours . 
  and also a guy who does not know how to read . 
  mate , you made my day . 
  afraid to burst your bubble mate ; you are not michelangelo , da vinci or hack not even orban . 
  all you do is spouting arrogant nonsense on reddit . 
  lmao delusion is real in this guy . 
  replied me with the same answer twice ? 
  proving your kinda europeans extremely boring and again unoriginal . 
  lol . 
  soo , turkish you mean . 
  must sucks being bad at easy math then . 
  do n't believe we are europeans . 
  but you still are not original . 
  extremely original and mind opening find . 
   the problems might not be there yet , but just by looking at the demographics , they will be in a matter of decades . 
  i knew that estonians were smart but did not know that you had fortunetelling skills . 
  does not matter , he stated facts and he even praised intra-eu migration and that it was a right . 
  on the other hand you definitely sound like germany is close to the damnation . 
   you act like the immigrant problems in your country are with intra-eu migrants where did he say that ? 
  anti erdogan people were/are naturally anti fetullah since he was his mentor and way bigger threat to secular turkey . 
  i myself also do not feel bad for the followers of fetullah but it is not deniable that tayyip is going to replace those people with his mindless drones . 
  at the end we are fucked anyway . 
  prime example of why abortion should be legal . 
   because fuck turkey . 
  and as long as france is here , it 's a done deal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-ottoman_alliance ), 
  `` essentially . '', 
  speaking of trump rhetoric ? 
  comparing refugees who are not allowed to work and on benefits essentially and turks who migrate to work is not an honest comparison . 
  do not play the fool here . 
  we got what he meant . 
  of course mate , of course . 
  you know another thing that i do not get ? 
  beating around the bush . 
  very informative . 
   by your logic , turkish people should not be allowed to go to europe ( specially germany ) and ** feed on social benefits . 
  ** now as a proper humanist and progressive person cite your sources that the majority of the turks live on social benefits . 
  complaining ? 
  fine by me , let them pass through . 
  slighlty , since they are probably more crowded than an estonian or finnish pack of guys . 
  i am dumb middle eastern . 
  thanks for correcting . 
  claiming turks are not european , stating armenians are europeans lol . 
  we got it mate , evil muslims slaughtering christians . 
  i 'm impressed !, 
  almost a day and people still comment without reading the article . 
  people get triggered a lot when they see eu and turkey together . 
  : ddd, 
  were . 
  ottoman empire , republic of turkey . 
   islamic republic , christians and jews have always been second-class citizens in turkey . 
  educate yourself . 
  let me correct for you ; akp loyalists vs. gulenists . 
  you are welcome . 
  and those gulenists are dutch ? 
   gulenists-turks is this a thing now ? 
  lol wtf is gulenists vs turks ? 
  ok maybe , maybe not . 
  you have a point tho , so apologies . 
  do not mind my rant . 
  true , yet they probably know also arabic . 
  so safe to sum up them into arabic dialects . 
  you have two less languages , here you go . 
   kurdish , turkish why ? 
   and 1 in turkey/syria for me and further eastern states like afghanistan , pakistan migrants . 
  yeah , no . 
  lol . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  is this strong beard for you guys ? 
  happy independence day . 
   and yeah , probably that 's why ** bible ** says to judge on actions , not words and there was enough time to check if a party is doing what it has promised . 
  you , my friend made my day today . 
  : ddd, 
   but is still behind western europe . 
  thanks for agreeing . 
  : ddd indeed . 
   can you discuss without hyperbolizing discutant claims ? 
  it 's immature and unfair and i wo n't discuss with someone who 's doing that . 
  comedy gold . 
  : ddd, 
  lol , and your western europe description is on point with being catastrophy and getting worse ? 
  plus i have not suggested that they were richer because of muslim immigration in fact i have not talked about financial status at all . 
  lol, 
  fair enough , after all it matters if you feel happy or not .
