  benjamin aslan is lecturing backwards islamic beliefs to his family ? 
  turks and kurds and the beginning of what 's to come in eurabia . 
  lol, 
  the situation in latvia and estonia is far way more peaceful and calm . 
  i mean not even comparable to what we turks and kurds have . 
  really ? 
  yeah i know . 
  and i am sorry but you still rush to conclusions , you sound like all kurds support pkk . 
  and overall kurdish population varies 30-32 millions ( zazas included . ), 
  oppression or prejuidice against them certainly must be a topic which should be improved among turkish society but in my opinion the situation is way way better now , well at least till the last election . 
  gray wolves ( ultra nationalist turks ) must be detained or prevented if they plan to counter attack . 
  they are equally violent and burden for this country as pkk . 
  but i am sorry for not having a sympathy for a terrorist organistation and their supporters . 
  most likely religion . 
  i mean how a portugese can look so different than a turk / kurd ? 
  he is actually one of us . 
  oyy my bad , sorry . 
  dumb moment of mine , managed not to read syrian refugess . 
  well twice . 
  so deport pkk supporters i guess since they are the ones breaking bottles on heads and attack . 
  nice misinformation you have there . 
  what do you mean by saying alawite vs sunni fight ? 
  yeah check your facts and watch your sources again . 
  it was pkk supporters beating turks and rioting and clashing with police . 
  since when chanting terrorist organisation name is better than saying god is great ? 
  there is not any language come closer to turkish in this matter . 
  i do not know if i have to feel ashamed or proud . 
  why would we want tribal dead born country in our soil ? 
  you just stir up this independence issue to gain supporter to your terrorist organisation . 
  majority of the kurds i know do not want a state but live their life without oppression . 
  calm down eesti . 
  you started to get delusional with your eu backing up . 
  have you ever heard who kemal atat\u00fcrk was ? 
   but your country was founded on islam are you a joke or what ? 
  cherry picking the words ? 
  then i would like to pick `` give weapons , volunteer fighters , and training via national liberation army to the free syrian army . '', 
   as of 27 february 2012 , the syrian national council is currently recognised or supported in some capacity by 17 un member states , with three of those being permanent members of the security council , france , [ 7 ] the united states , [ 8 ] the united kingdom , [ 9 ] spain , bulgaria , tunisia , egypt , and also libya 's national transitional council , [ 10 ] who announced that it had been in talks with the syrian national council and is considering to give weapons , volunteer fighters , and training via national liberation army to the free syrian army . 
  tell me about it . 
  really ? 
  syrians may be culturally close to some parts of my hometown or some cities in the southeast in turkey but saying that they are culturally close to turkey is wrong . 
  and saying all muslims are culturally similar is flat out misinformation . 
  no they are not . 
  broad assumptions when it comes to muslims are one of your favourite debating content in west which are strongly flawed . 
  please educate yourself . 
   the fsa is supposed to be a secular military . 
  dream on . 
  and why is that ? 
  you mean tiger woods ? 
  sure he is one of the whealthiest sportsmen . 
  i can believe that . 
  lol, 
  because they hate books and get informed , they are only passionate about speculation and accusation . 
  they should communicate with smoke , right ? 
  yeah i am aware all of those , and i just wanted to have a data on it since it was not matching with the realities to say majority of the refugees are shias . 
  plus as you stated they do not call themselves or generally identified as shias but alawites in particaulr in syria . 
  is there any statistics/source about the muslim refugees ' religious groups ? 
  are you from slovakia ? 
  lol . 
  in turkey a supporter group is being trialed by coup d'etat after gezi protests . 
  [ funny thing erdo\u011fan tried to gain the apolitical supporters and he made up the banners of the group in his party 's rally . ] ( http://i.sozcu.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/kazlicesme.jpg ) . 
  but of course no one bought the shit and he went after the group . 
  \u00c7ar\u015f\u0131 is the name of the group which has very political stance leaning towards left . 
  where are you from ? 
  genuine question here . 
  is it really that bad when it comes to turks integrating to german society and culture ? 
  i am asking because all my real life samples are all well integrated educated ones who identify themselves as germans not turks , speak way better german than turkish ( some can not even speak turkish . ), 
  even myself have cousins who all have university degrees , some working for government and the married ones among them are married to germans . 
  i felt like older stereotype of turkish immigrants were fading rapidly . 
  it is always a blast for you to take a shower then . 
  how the hell kazakhstan is culturally and physically closer to syrian refugees ? 
  you people started to sound funnier day by day to find a culturally ( ! ), 
  similar ( ! ), 
  place for the refugees . 
  you do n't say ? 
  lol you soo progressive and high tech european countries can not defend the miniscule borders even within agreements with each other . 
  but you expect from turkey to control that long iraq and syria border ? 
  delusional + hypocrite . 
  worst of the worst . 
  about the middle eastern conflicts i think eu and usa deserves all the immigrants and refugees since you are so persistant about fucking their lands . 
  how is your sis doing ? 
  and you are accepting or debating the opinion of brigading by telling people that they are like stalin or hitler ? 
  indeed can not kek on it enough . 
  lol, 
  please do not turn this thing to armenian propaganda . 
  indeed i feel sorry and angry for the cultural heritage destructions or ruinings but some of the examples you gave was not even ruined or destroyed by turks or in better shape . 
  nevertheless whomever had damaged historical ruins must be punished . 
  not even fucking graffitis . 
  what do you expect from akp ? 
  they probably land the restoration works to some construction companies which are their relatives or the ones who share the profits with them . 
  witty incestuous you are , are not you ? 
  if there is war and oppression in that african country , yes it is discriminatory as well . 
  and that is discrimination as well . 
  coming to slovakia for the feast . 
  you , my friend are very smart person . 
  lol, 
  yep i am from antakya . 
  i do not find it insulting i just try to make a point that you make your statements as an absolute truth with a broad subjective view . 
  `` perfectly true for hatay . '', 
  well not . 
  yeah you have pretty broad definitioan of the arab feel which is far from being fair .
