  ok take it like that estonia has great pr . 
  better ? 
  my bad i forgot how estonians are so fragile . 
  what happened to your overachieving freedom of speech dude ? 
  stop being an asshole and typical biggot and suppresed racist who can not handle the mocking and criticism in a slightest way . 
  i will say whatever i want . 
  downvote is there press as much as you can and want . 
  did you just pull that out of your ass ? 
  noone 's ever claimed that you daft twat . 
  ; ) ) i do not hate the nation . 
  vice versa i love estonia and estonian people . 
  and by no measure you are not in a position to kick me out of the country . 
  vegans are bullies . 
  eesti thinks stronk . 
  not . 
  because estonia is the by far leading country of eu and apart from estonia all the other countries from different perspectives are underachieved . 
  not . 
  wheat beer is shit . 
  now i will contribute to this witty claim by very intelligent approach : lol . 
   i do n't have to afford human decency to those who do not respect humans . 
  you still can not explain which ship you were talking about when you said greece and guess for you asylum seeking or immigrating is not respecting humans . 
  okay . 
  which ship are you referring to , when you said greece ? 
  which muslim immigrants killed christian immigrants on that ship on the way to greece , so you do n't respect them and they somehow ooops deserve to die ? 
  thank you for the link but not everyone speaks french . 
  first of all i have not claimed anyone with conducting genocide unlike you . 
  second of all quit drowning in your sarcasm cerclejerk and stop thinking that everyone is sarcastic . 
  it was an honest and polite question . 
  third of all i see that you are good at spewing white washing the history `` bullshit '' . 
  could you please show me the documents of payment from the french government to let 's say algerians . 
  thank you . 
  i do not say that there are incidents . 
  ( which i doubt but got ta take your words to count on . ), 
  but even if close to none , tartu is small especially the centre and uni area . 
  so hard not to notice . 
  guess you do not live close to raatuse then . 
  what about catalan/basque/spaniard triangle ? 
  not trying to imply anything but curiosity . 
  if you had paid attention idk maybe some travellers blog or entities from people who had used the coaches in turkey for transportation , you would have seen that they are higlighting that the coaches are far more comfortable and luxurious than they have experienced in europe or us etc. 
  because inner flights becoming popular recently in turkey . 
   highest rate of homicides , that , i was not expecting to be honest . 
  ok that last sentence sums it up for me . 
  thank you . 
  not related with the e-hype about estonia , but just wondering do you think estonia has downsides about any topic ? 
  ( well please do not come up with russian minority and aliens . ), 
  i second that , proper post . 
  thank you . 
  call and raise . 
  why not communism , ottomans and balkans themselves . 
  that sounds like the best bet to me . 
  no need to quote me what happened at balkans . 
  i speak to stress out your ( generally this subreddit . ), 
  hatred towards turks nowadays and your hypocrisy is ridicilious . 
  then please decide among yourselves who to blame . 
  communism or ottomans . 
  and up to date especially lately balkans are the biggest contributor to civilisation . 
  move on , leave your hatred . 
  you are dwelling around your blinded hatred too much . 
  he is an oppressor , occuppier himself ( which he accepted when i asked ) as well . 
  do n't mind him giving lecture to you . 
  this guy is probably the most corrupted ( rich ) and tasteless troll in the world . 
  really ? 
  while there are decepticons . 
  pfff . 
  and your ancessters are aboriginal native canadians , i assume . 
  if not , you are pretty much an occupier yourself according to your context . 
   stop reposting that shit . 
  i saw like 6 of your comments and all are the same . 
  we get it . 
  poor colonisers got genocided . 
  what a shame . 
  as you can see there are people here who are very welcoming.now you can edit your post . 
  you are welcome . 
  if only it was dutch or french or german or bla bla like i have seen million times here . 
  turkish ? 
  pfff so barbaric , switch it to english . 
  yeah , we are ( at least me ) just not naive to believe that if a turk or the state accept the genocide , the hate towards him/her or to the country from your civilised nations will vanish . 
  i mean , it is beyond than my comprehension to understand the roots of your hate . 
  can we find those reports online somewhere ? 
  or where did you read them if i may ask ? 
  not even close . 
  elaborate your argument please . 
  bro you still have not learned yet , have you ? 
  all the evil had been done by the turks . 
  shut up , admit it . 
  something something pr . 
  sliced cucumber with lemon juice and a pinch of salt on it . 
  sure . 
  there were tons of people in turkey who did not want to join eu . 
  now take this and only spread it to yourself . 
  are you including turkey into balkans or not ? 
  greece ? 
  western europe ? 
  economically ? 
  nowadays ? 
  maybe some associates being cold to being rude . 
  maybe ? 
  greece ? 
  western europe ? 
  there were rumors that he had an affair with [ this woman .
