  then i am sorry . 
  me too . 
  so educate yourself before spewing shit . 
  i suppose being anti democratic was enough for you to assemble your navy , ha ? 
  oh that implies that erdo\u011fan is bin laden tier ? 
  take 3 millions and speak . 
  a milllion flipped the shit out of whole eu . 
  then what other borders was he/she talking about ? 
  i am puzzled . 
  why do n't we assemble our navies and do something about you ? 
  since you house and feed anti democratic and islamic cult leaders in fucking mansions there . 
  take 3 millions and then speak , boy . 
  give me a break . 
  like you care about refugees . 
  what is the legal regulation of that ? 
  a tourist comes to turkey and flee to europe and claim asylum . 
  what does it have to do with turkey ? 
  stop crying and telling us to open when we do then . 
  so good to agree that there is nothing yet and hopefully nothing will be decided . 
  turkey is not your trash ( ! ), 
  bin and can not be bought or bribed for this matter . 
  so no money , no actual concessions whatsoever but just talks from your side . 
  got you . 
   extorting what money is turkey extorting from you ? 
  what troll ? 
  improve your reading comprehension and then come back to me . 
  yeah hard for the one who is not capable of reading . 
  lol : ) ) ), 
  there is not any refugee camp which is funded entirely by un in turkey . 
  good misinformation you have here ha ? 
  blow yourself up . 
  guaranteed virgins . 
  just a guy who is obsessed about his agenda . 
  you convert satanists to erdo\u011fan supporters . 
  easy or no visa regulations have been always the strategy of turkish tourism policy and now just because you europeans got to see brown ( ! ), 
  people in your continent , you are gon na shift that policy into conspiracy theory ? 
  come on mate . 
  relax , i was not so serious . 
  a cevapi hater certainly can talk about good food , right ? 
  take a chill pill . 
  long story short : whiny eastern europeans love to scapegoat turkey for every single shitty thing about their countries . 
  plus , a cevapi hater can not talk much about good food . 
  georgian food is amazing actually . 
  khinkali is the best dumpling version that i have ever eaten in my life . 
  indeed you were right , we are smart bunch of the asses . 
  indeed , if only people could taste genuine doner , would never mistakenn them with gyros . 
  in brussels ; beer , mussels , fries [ combo ] ( https://10thirty.files.wordpress.com/2009/08/chez-leon.jpg ) . 
  fucking apple sissies !, 
  2002 pre election campaigns . 
  yea sure he is not homophobic . 
  how can a conservative muslim ( see i have not said islamist since you will oppose it also ) guy can be homophobic , right ? 
  and the freaking video ends with `` keep your promises erdo\u011fan , enough ! '', 
  and was uploaded in 2012 . 
  time to commit a suicide erdo\u011fan . 
  gay guys have crush on you . 
  absolute disgrace , you can not carry on like this . 
  but yet alone graduation does not give you right to `` deal '' with it . 
  you need to work abroad . 
  for 3 years . 
  finishing uni abroad does not benefit you in that regard . 
  so better eat lots . 
  if you live in turkey you better learn the law about it . 
  it would be total devastation to go for 6 months while expecting 3 months for instance . 
  fuck italy , the most exxegerated cuisine in the whole fucking universe . 
  lol, 
  nice thread lol . 
  i do n't hate any particular country but one thing i have to tell to fellow estonians . 
  for fucks sake just bare the minimum amount of criticism you get and do n't take it to the heart and start to throw a tantrum . 
  ( no political correctness , right ? ), 
  that is nothing for ultras . 
  you know it , right ? 
  yep that is why they share refugee stories happening in russia with a photo of putin and that night wolves biker shaking hand . 
  just lol . 
  of course we are , because it is god 's gift . 
  [ this ] ( https://egeligezginege.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/dusuk_coz_mezeler_18.jpg ), 
  dude , do n't even try to criticize estonia to estonians . 
  no point . 
  i mean you should know this as latvian , right ? 
  because there are islamist kurds . 
  huh ? 
  `` this is a military campaign against the syrian assyrians '' `` this isnt about pkk or its affaliates , this is pure about turkey wanting to kill kurds '' pushing agenda at its best . 
  the rules of this sub is freaking joke . 
  where is it mentioned that turkey gets your money ? 
  i am not disputing what you say . 
  but to me you just being double faced . 
  that 's it . 
  you are writing at the thread which leads you to / r/syriancivilwar where their source is twitter . 
  did you question this thread itself also ? 
  yep just click on the contribution button on the right of budget . 
  anyway the money turkey had spent is being speculated always but definitely over 7-8 billions atm . 
  huge amount for our current state of the economy . 
  your source says 1.230 millions of usd to middle east and north africa by the year of 2015 . 
  that 's why finnish tap water is freaking delicious ? 
  i must have known . 
  `` saga nor\u00e9n , l\u00e4nskrim , malm\u00f6 '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggupsrsbbeq, 
  noob , please !, 
  i do not claim that the life is a paradise for them . 
  heck , it is not even a good life for the citizens themselves . 
  but both europe and refugees have to appreciate the efforts . 
  yeah iirc the one who did not register himself to flee europe , right ?
