  i am not surprised . 
  only demirba\u015f \u015earl as far as i recall . 
  dude do not bother with him . 
  after all he is descending from `` demirba\u015f \u015earl '' they know how to come to foreign country and not to leave . 
  lol : ) ) ) ), 
  official pkk is not fighting with isis . 
  turkey clashes with pkk not all kurds . 
  they are far from being the only hope against isis . 
  you claim america funding 30 years old terrorist organisation train their men against turkey and you go rampage over the turkey , isis relation ? 
  and last you do not know anything about the station there . 
  i drank not in uk but abroad . 
  so i am not hundred percent sure if it was legit but definitely was not turkish tea . 
  are you more sorry that they were ? 
  tea with milk should be banned in islam , not pork . 
  that thing is a true sin . 
  estonia : saku lithuania : \u0160vyturys latvia : valmiermui\u017ea ( the best ), 
  holy hell all the comments had been deleted . ? . 
  [ sort of . 
  if you understand how numbers work in the world ; 49 is less than 60 you know ? 
  smart boy . 
  lol : ) ) ) ), 
  not generally but there is specific ottoman palace meals which are pretty much dead nowadays . 
  some niche restaurants are serving the dishes tho . 
  i sense butthurt instead of a laugh . 
  lol . 
  get over it mate . 
  there is nothing you can do about it . 
  the truth makes you laugh ? 
  good to know . 
  musakka is turkish . 
  still the ones in germany are more progressive than czech people towards same sex marriage . 
  interesting . 
  no contest [ here . 
  meanwhile in steam weekend sales . 
  i can swear that 1 out of 3 women here is triin or triinu . 
  regardless , my condelences to the family and to the country . 
  were the victims ethnic swedes ? 
  he said something like `` better , then there would be less turks . '', 
  lol . 
  lol . 
  european logic = romas throw rock and do not integrate . 
  worst scum of the world . 
  european logic 2 = kurdish terrorists do not want to integrate , vandalise and blow up even their people , caught with rpg and mines . 
  oppressing turkey , unicorn pkk , they are just kurdish workers . 
  as you can see guys , a guy is supporting the arsonation of schools and possible danger to the life of teachers and kids for the greater cause . 
  you are flat out horrible person . 
  and tried to burn kurdish kids just because they attended public school and wanted to have education ? 
  you are cleary mentally sick to support these actions . 
  http://www.todayszaman.com/latest-news_school-burns-down-after-pkk-terrorists-throw-molotov-in-van_294985.html http://www.todayszaman.com/anasayfa_pkk-supporters-burn-schools-in-southeast_359026.html http://www.todayszaman.com/national_terrorist-pkk-starts-violent-campaign-against-schools-and-children_295906.html, 
  probably a pkk kurd living abroad you are , easy to talk and misinform while not suffering from pkk . 
  and for instance we did let peshmerges use the turkish soil when kobane was under heavy isis attack . 
  as much as i hate erdogan 's and his former party 's shady foreign policies , i want to believe that they are really clashing with pkk for the sake of the country 's security , not their political agendas . 
  that being said progress has to be made in parlimental level with hdp altough on the other hand they have to cut their organic relationship with pkk . 
  see ? 
  i always wrote pkk . 
  you most of the westerns as in comic just mention kurds . 
  well no , not all the kurds but the terrorist organisation pkk turkish state aims to finish . 
  you have to understand this . 
  is germany actively fighting with isis ? 
  not kurds , pkk . 
  stop spreading misinformation . 
  it is all about pkk . 
  and you first said kurds in general , then talked about ypg ( which is the different fraction of pkk btw . ), 
  but failed to mention that the aim was pkk . 
  could you provide a source about that quote ? 
  i genuinely missed to read that statement from officials . 
  not the same , pkk is worse indeed . 
  so send some nato troops to raid them . 
  thank you for your understanding . 
  take care . 
  then why the fuck do you whitewash pkk ? 
  did you fucking check the list that you sourced ?? 
  i only met one estonian who identified him as gypsy in 3 years here . 
  and he was definitely not like the stereotyped roma/gypsy . 
  there were gypsies in estonia ? 
  [ oh please !, 
  seems so , from the last discussions . 
  i count on that the question was honest and not rhetorical . 
  so i answered who else is doing it . 
  problem ? 
  hit the downvote . 
  westerns ' beloved kurdish liberty fighters . 
  can confirm . 
  one of the worst places in the universe . 
   so let 's get this story straight . 
  first there 's a bomb attack on kurds by isis , pity , your story started wrong from the beginning . 
  now you started to paint every victim of every attack as ethnic kurds ? 
  where is your egyptian forces clashing against isis ? 
  yeah yeah , sure . 
  congrats greek bros , was close game . 
  we should have snitched it for the 3rd consecutive time . 
  why not ? 
  you know saudi arabia and us is the best buddies . 
  he complimented us . 
  plus torture and shit prisons are their long time sport and facilities . 
  source : the oz . 
  [ we brought it on buddy . 
  : \\ ) ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=10&amp;v=efp0rhnt6l8 ), 
  u18 euro c'ship match today , behold srbija !, 
  even the pro hdp kurds are [ suffering and condemning ] ( http://www.ensonhaber.com/pkklilarin-yaktigi-aracin-sahibinin-kizi-hdpyi-satti-2015-07-30.html ) pkk actions but we have to let pkk terrorism go because westerner reddit users want so .
