  you think arabs are turks or turks are arabs ? 
  which one ? 
  says the guy from uk ? 
  hillarious . 
  are you sure ? 
  so start to think in a sensible way then . 
  it is insane that us is still in nato while they were/are bombing afghans and arabs for decades . 
  shame on you nato . 
  mostly chicken ?!?? 
  andorra is stronger than usa . 
  you know us military can not take out taliban , al qaeda , isis and many more . 
  such a weak country . 
  oh my bad , i am sorry was clearly a mistake it is indeed nearly 5 billions in the source . 
  you were talking about specifically turkey and now you took the liberty of shifting it `` whole region . '', 
  uk aided 24m # to turkey . 
  your claim is laughable . 
   also note that turkey can handle the refugees thanks to western europe . 
   most of turkey 's ` help ' is financed by the un and foreign aid budgets . 
  i beg your pardon but what the hell are you talking about ? 
  turkey spent nearly 6 billions alone and your so called `` majority of the help '' is not even close to billion . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/echo/files/aid/countries/factsheets/turkey_syrian_crisis_en.pdf http://www.unhcr.org/5461e60c52.html, 
  what is it with the `` send them all to rojava . '', 
  you think all the refugees are kurdish or what ? 
   said how you should let all the refugees in turkey continue to europe because it was europe 's fault . 
  are or were you high ? 
  never said such a thing . 
   that is worse than turkey supplying weapons , training and safe haven to islamic front . 
  you were preaching that it was isis and now it became islamic front ? 
  for fucks sake you do not know what you are talking about , you do not know how power politics are manipulating the masses . 
  as i said before , so long . 
  you are the blatant lier . 
  and i sent you the links . 
   typical of you turks that you have to lie . 
  reported . 
  racist much ?? 
  oh btw your tag was unicorn viking . 
  ok ... where can i get it freshly baked in vilnius ? 
   the most passionate fans in the world lol . 
  dude , google fsa and recognition . 
  it was me and i provided sources to you . 
  but you have a freaking head in the sand who can not read and understand . 
  you europeans supported fsa and had meetings with their political entities and representatives and that is not destabilizing ha ? 
  and i mentioned invasion of iraq as well which has pretty much created all the power vacuum and the shift towards the arab springs . 
  how come except us ??? 
  ? on top of that i have not rejected nutjob erdogan could have done that . 
  classic freaking hypocrite bringing the issue without context . 
  yes yes turkey evil , turkey shit , you are unicorns . 
  what are the problematic points of turkish culture if i may ask ? 
  it was a question to the economist . 
  and what is the double faced role now ? 
  also sleek [ bicycle ] ( http://viks.cc/ ) from fellow estonians . 
  typical `` kurd '' bombing , educate yourself kido . 
  done for the last time talking with you . 
  you have no idea what is going on in the world but typing bullshit from your cosy keyboard . 
  i expected nothing less from you neither . 
  keep looking at your dead iraqis picture as a trophy in denmark like your troops did . 
  outright blatant hypocrites and liers people like you are . 
  indeed do not reply to me . 
  nothing to discuss with a blind lier nationalist like you are . 
  bullshit and whitewashing and lies . 
  ah man go learn something and burst your bubble of `` hur durr we so good , hurr durr evil turks . '', 
   mostly defeated enemies . 
  lmao . 
  lol level of hypocricy . 
  : ) ) ) i am talking about recent modern day history . 
  i guess you are so sharp about understanding it . 
  well not . 
  : ) )  the biggest slave empire in the history of mankind was the ottoman empire . 
  says the proud vikings . 
  oh but they were unicorns i presume . 
  by the way indeed i should zip it up . 
  your country had secret agreements with usa to fuck the iraq up and then i prove that you are wrong you are just another turkophobic lie spreading hypocrite bigot . 
  good day my friend . 
  butthurt ? 
  obviously we see the level of butthurt with the obvious lies you are spreading . 
  like it is not your tradition to fuck the me and north africa as europe he ? 
  much democracy . 
  ah please , who the hell is whitewashing erdogan and his government ? 
  it is freaking unbelivable while you are doing it as europe and now blaming it on us . 
  funny you do not comment about your country 's position . 
  whitewashing am i right ? 
  but bro we are turks , we do it right ? 
  should i mention your country as well about invasion of iraq which led to freaking forming of isis ? 
  no problem at all if you accept , respect , adopt , and asimilated to turkish culture . 
  that is what you want and preach over there also . 
  you will do the same if you want tolerance and respect . 
  yeah , yeah sure . 
  europe has not involved in the mess at the first place . 
  of coursee . 
  oh thank you for the reply . 
  i also am keeping an eye on pc stuff ; a mouse and a keyboard . 
  probably i will give it a shot . 
  [ i wish i was turkish/bulgarian kid . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81sfcpjlmna ), 
  copying [ ninja ] ( http://images.rapgenius.com/3r5rjwv0j8cf6itrjwifpu7a5.384x512x1.jpg ) from die antwoord . 
  are second hand amazon warehouse deals trustful as in product quality ? 
  i swear if these people with this master white race mentality was born in some islamic country , we would be running from their sharia bringing hands . 
  never once in my life saw a guy who acts civil to girls or like gentleman when they are drunk in europe . 
  do those guys beat stags also ? 
  anyway that is a common trick from those aggressive local guys , `` they disrespected our women . '',
