  nice shift again non related pieces to paint people as pro erdogan . 
  oh by the way tell me more about how hdp and majority of the kurds were in favor of erdogan heavily ? 
   you are aware that a military attack , by which the attackers happen to get killed , is not necessarily a `` suicide attack '' , right ? 
  turcophobia is strong in you . 
  have not read that stupid stuff here for a while . 
  lol you fucking get this . 
  people do not want terrorism in the country and that does not make them sunni islamists . 
  nice misinformation you have there . 
  that was literally what they were saying . 
  us is again imposing multiculturalism on countries . 
  estonians have right to choose who can live in their countries and etc. 
  racist estonians . 
  i live in estonia for 3 years already . 
  spare me your assumptions . 
  ; ) and i have witnessed your non existing estonian racism from the first hand . 
  they exist yes , they are slim to none no not everyone is like them . 
  not so hard to accept . 
  yeah the vocal ones , who are very active and have increasing support and estonians and in tallinn.so they are out there . 
  why ca n't i know such marginal things from estonia ? 
  is ekre or ojuland russian ? 
  come on mate . 
  you know there are estonians in tallinn who are planning to molotov `` hidden refugee centers/uni dorms '' ? 
  there were french guys in estonia who were defending the abusive guys and telling that us imposes the multiculturalism on estonia . 
  lol world is strange . 
  lol, 
  meanwhile in another thread black germans are being called dogs in horse staple . 
  lol, 
  long live and prosperity my beautiful country . 
  to the future without erdogan after this weekend . 
  good riddance . 
  good that we agree on erdogan and those liberals . 
  next you will change your view about pkk . 
  `` decent liberal turkish person . '', 
  noone can be decent to back up and defend erdo\u011fan for the sake of democracy . 
  `` the politics were n't like that , the tone was n't like that . 
  but they became that way with gezi . '', 
  what a horseshite , the tone and politics were always like that , they all start to use gezi as an excuse to dump the sinking ship . 
  those decent liberals are stupid enough to wait democracy and human rights from islamists or should i say smart enough to prosper with them economically . 
  noone decent , take them seriously in turkey . 
  good for you , now it can burn to the hell since you got the fuck out . 
  no no no pyd/ypg are secular angels . 
  this post is so so rubbish i can not even believe . 
  lol . 
  kurds are not predominant representative of left in turkey , and the majority of the left was/is opposed to erdo\u011fan ; only `` cihangir solcular\u0131 '' and some inner groups of hdp wereallied with him . 
  and now we see how they were right to support him , right ? 
  gezi and hdp prevented erdogan ? 
  hdp had withdrawn itself and their supporters from gezi by literally describing as `` coup d'etat '' . 
  `` right wing turks like me blinded by my hatred against kurds ? '', 
  yeah lol i will tell this to my kurdish relatives . 
  one big economical crisis which affects the income of regular turkish family and erdo\u011fan is long gone , always been like that . 
  keep thinking that erdo\u011fan is in power because turkey is becoming pakistan . 
  and please tell me what you are using as a drug to be that delusional . 
  erdogan get more powerful because of anti kurdish racism ? 
  fucker got bigger and bigger with the kurdish votes and his good relations with kurds until recently . 
  do you really know how the things work here or you just shaped your opinion based on reddit circlejerks ? 
  til i am a supporter of erdo\u011fan if i am against pkk/ypg . 
  jog off will you ? 
  pkk is worse so far . 
  we lived through it , we still see it and we suffer from it . 
  your paranoia over islamisation of the world or liveleak videos about isis does not change the fact that pkk and their fractions inneighbourhing countries are more of a threat to republic of turkey . 
  and i am so sick of you people label the ones who state this as religious fascists . 
   kurds and turks/muslims are not friends . 
  i think that played a large role since germany has a large turkish population what is that turks/muslims thingy ? 
  you think that kurds are not predominantly more conservative muslims than turks ? 
  and do you naively believe that kurdish number is slim to none among `` turkish population '' in germany ? 
  sure i can explain . 
  he is douche . 
  see ? 
  what a nice , caring government we have . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  algerian , turkish ? 
  `` may , might , maybe , i think , i assume , etc. '', 
  you guess too much but you do not hesitate to rationalize the discrimination ( if it is the deal right no . ), 
  based on the combination of one reddit statement ( which totally was not showing any symptoms of the things you have mentioned . ), 
  and one reddit flair . 
  and that is bullshit . 
  are you that stupid to understand my child ? 
  aye , because it is a reason to be discriminated . 
  a freaking reddit flair . 
  well to be fair if i was in your shoes , in that marches and gatherings of political extremist kurds even i would feel like an alien as well . 
  very understandable . 
  istanbul is just a strange chaos either you love it or hate it . 
  i personally am on the second fraction . 
  anywaay thank you for the detailed answer . 
  : ) kebap is op . 
  what culture shock you had experienced in \u0130stanbul if you do not mind me ask ? 
  and i am here waiting for the last subs for bron/broen . 
  ah your mama loves the turkish tv series . 
  do not be salty kom\u015fu . 
  thanks  ) ) ) . 
  yeah not direct impact to themselves but going on a boat by tayyip 's `` we conguered europe , they kneeled us . '', 
  brainwashing . 
  that kind of impact . 
  of course it would yet again i looked from the simple turkish voter perspective . 
  you have a solid source on policemen taking bribes from smugglers ? 
  just asking . 
  an average turk would not care about the visa liberalization also , since he/she could not afford the trip to europe and additional side expenses . 
  seems like to you , huh orthodox brother ? 
  ; ) ) your keyboard can only type `` hate '' word as i can see . 
  move on .
