  based on his previous marriage , seems like he can not even own his wife yet alone other nation . 
  we also have a different version of bagpipe in turkey . 
  i have seen your folk instrument . 
  that was a fun video . 
  not all turks are sharia freaks , you know . 
  then i guess estonia does not have any hands . 
  source ? 
  edit : of course . 
  : ) ) ) proven point of murican genes . 
  what is turkish gene ? 
  appearantly mongol and arab genes provide more iq than murican one . 
   it does not matter whether they are turkish citizens or not , if they came from turkey illegally then they can be rightfully returned to turkey . 
  are you sure ? 
  too many construction companies operating in russia . 
  i read somewhere that over 80k turkish nationals are working there . 
  - everyday links an article from june . 
  i guess you preach about no schengen in eu and closed borders , am i right ? 
  why is visa free `` travel '' is the most stupid thing ? 
   zhirinovsky like he needs reasons for his desires . 
  too much drugs . 
  syria got one down few years ago . 
  you want eye for an eye ? 
  now it 's even then . 
  yeah i feel you . 
  well it somehow matters , because next you will hear is '' you occupied those lands . 
  it is armenian , syrian , kurdish , assyrian , roman , yezid lands at the same time ( !, 
  if you talk about turkey . 
  hell he even mentioned `` contrevorsial referendum . '', 
  it is never enough when it comes to us . 
  antakya is a turkish land which is joined to the turkish republic by referendum . 
  end of story . 
  edit : ahahahhaha . 
  could you tell me more about my hometown ? 
   ) ) like what we want or where do we belong or are we syrians or turks ? 
  please do . 
  lmao is this the new attempt of justification of border violations ? 
   i have watched the syrian civil war for years now , dealt with german policy towards it and its consequences in professional and political life , and accompanied it at reddit for the last couple of months . 
  meaning ; spamming 7/24 `` islamist turkey , progressive secular kurds . '', 
  no wonder germany is failing at politics nowadays lmao . 
  right . 
  says the most brutal terrorist state in the world . 
  guess you deserved 9/11 ha ? 
  evidence and reliable source . 
  good you can go far with your delusion . 
  you claimed yourself as reliable source . 
  lmao . 
  never pkk ; either m\u0130t , some sympathizers , just civilians with rpg 's , etc etc. 
  try harder , wan na see how far your delusional imagination can go . 
  ah right , this one is also done by j\u0130tem right ? 
  it is always m\u0130t or j\u0130tem right ? 
  pkk molotovs supermarket while children in it . 
  tell me more lies . 
  are you the new pkk apologist here ??? 
  [ 17 year old girl got molotoved to death in bus . 
  ( warning disturbing video . 
  ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joaupeteew0 ), 
  eu countries . 
  wan na slap them armenia ? 
  oh , the assimilaton that you cheer and want in europe everytime when the minortiy subject is being discussed ? 
  just pkk things , strawman when you tell how disgusting and brutal they are . 
  i read that when pkk kills kurdish kids it 's good for greater cause when \u00d6calan rapes girls its good for him sexually , etc. 
  much freedom fight not kurdish nationalism . 
  just kurdish things , til my hometown has predominant kurdish areas which is utter bullshit . 
  right !, 
  teachers represents state , kurdish students are the brainwashed tool of the state . 
  so pkk can bomb and torch the schools in kurdish majority areas . 
  engineers are building turkish state area 51 in disguise of dams so bomb them , kill them . 
  what a freedom fight . 
  define terrorists then . 
  and give me an example of them . 
  wait wait , is there a chance to drink free valmiermuiza at latvian embassies ? 
  long live latvia . 
  off i go . 
  i am talking also about the eastern border , you ignoramus . 
  yea i think it 's a good idea . 
  close the east , open the west one way out . 
  best solution . 
  ; ) everbody 's happy , right ? 
  and you lose your mind when turkey does not open the borders immediately . 
  what the fuck do you want from turkey , first make your minds up . 
   turkey also reported every ethnic kurdish woman who owns a miniskirt aahhahahahahhahah . 
  my condolences to the victims , families , friends and france . 
  sad and terrible day indeed . 
  do n't cry about terrorists and extremists later on . 
  and do not try to shut your borders when people will escape from the guys you armed . 
  successful trolls are intelligent . 
  and you are not a successful one . 
  if there is an ignorant one that is you . 
  all staged propaganda videos that you source ? 
  : ) ) ) delusion is strong in you . 
  go and make your research how \u00d6calan claims that he blesses girls by fucking them , and research what happens when they refuse to have sex . 
  emancipation !, 
  my ass . 
  lol, 
  ahahha an organisation which kidnaps , uses child soldiers and enslave women and abuse them , rape them for years . 
  much progressive . 
  so yeah thanks for confirming that turkish government 's problem is with pkk which is so called secular terrorist organisation . 
  because majority of the non pkk kurds are not secular . 
  guy has a point . 
  i asked the mods , the rule is on .
