  populated by tons of arabs or hearing arabic is nothing to label it as arab city . 
  ever been to central anatolia ? 
  to me konya or kayseri is way more arabic ( ! ) . 
  plus which arabic country ? 
  you are aware that they have shit tons of differences among themselves , right ? 
  what makes you think orhid is more turkish than hatay ? 
  ever been to hatay ? 
  and kurds . 
  lol . 
  guess you drink the molotov instead of throwing . 
  you are harming you brain cells mate . 
  be careful . 
  bro try to drink `` bo\u011fma rak\u0131 '' and then we are set to debate if we can drink or not . 
  do not you have some molotov to throw ? 
  if you do not mind my off topic question , what is the story of your username ? 
  do not waste your precious time . 
  it tells too much about you . 
  wording matters my friend , it even is wrong to generalise all the people in taksim but you hear that we all are scammers . 
  i am being angry and bitter ? 
  lol vice versa my friend if i object you people i sound angry and bitter ? 
  ability to handle the opposite ? 
  why is it so offensive to call people arrogant while they are free to criticise in every aspect ? 
  cihangir leftist much ? 
  ofc , ofc just because you say so , you think so ? 
  got ta love the superiority complex of yours . 
  what bout kurds ? 
  if you happened to speak with a kurdish girl , be prepared at least get beaten up by his brothers , uncles , dad . 
  or even get shot . 
  what is it with being praised and can not take criticism ? 
  touristic places in turkey , touristic . 
  am i gon na just sit and listen the shaming on honest anatolian people who for example shares last bit of food with strangers ? 
  and am i gon na just listen to him whereby there are thousands of foreigners who could approve that there are welcoming people in turkey ? 
  do you hear spanish or catalan people are this and that ? 
  because i assure you scamming and pickpocketing is a thing in barcelona etc. 
  quit with your inferiority complex over europeans and your superiority syndrome over your fellow countrymen . 
  i observe western culture on a daily basis past 4 years . 
  i am not in a war or in a fight with you europeans , nice to know the mindset of yours ; ) ) ), 
  a european talk about hypocrisy ? 
  lol priceless . 
  sure if read my comment out of context i would find it idiotic as well . 
  lol now this sub-reddit tells me what i had experienced individually and all i was trying to say was hostile people are everywhere . 
  inbefore your ottoman oppression comments . 
  you guys are hillarious . 
  there is this bias against turkey here and when we try to say do not paint us all in the same color then here comes the label of hostile or sensitive etc. 
  turk which i am sure everyone would react the same . 
  anyway i know northern people who had been to egypt and turkey and they say egytpian merchants are more pushy . 
  so you may have an european view about two through me . 
  nah it is totally not . 
  typical arrogant western tourist who thinks whole turkey is sultanahmet , taksim or antalya . 
  asking for a payout for directions ? 
  you have no clue about the turks in general . 
  in the subway which is close to where cruises from estonia come and get docked in stockholm . 
  i really do not remember the location or neighborhood . 
  about 1.5 years ago and the guy mentally seemed disabled tho ; i was with my estonian gf , guess he thought she was swedish and got his nerves on . 
  of course he was one individual who did not paint all swedes like that in my book . 
  perfectly fine . 
  and i see that you are on a boat to hate all turks , so i am happy that you have tried to lecture me . 
  lol . 
  so you see the irony then . 
  of course they are not in whole , yet you do not oppose when there were claims about the `` nature of the turks . '', 
  rich coming from a swede while your nature of people is to tell brown ( ! ), 
  tourists to fuck off from the country in the subway . 
  source : myself . 
  no he is just an egyptian migrant living by his hatred towards muslims and turks , that is why whenever he let his hatred out , he fails to see that he actually is like one of those wahabbist bigots that he hates . 
  i fail to understand your bases for comparison tho . 
  general muslim population also has billions of differences among themselves as well . 
  are you implying that cechens are more progressive than general muslim or vice versa ? 
  are you high or something ? 
  lol, 
  if you do n't get the sentiment of mine , germany does not have more to lose compare to lebanon and jordan in the flux of recent refugee flow . 
  you need to get out of first world bubble my friend . 
  and in none of my comments i claimed germany either has to accept more or defend itself against the immigrants . 
  and you do n't need that in europe ? 
   its so nice of you to omit the `` special '' status of refugees in lebanon and jordan you as in who ? 
  that is why i said . 
  http://www.ilo.org/wcmsp5/groups/public/---arabstates/---ro-beirut/documents/publication/wcms_240134.pdf and here and your source says they have right to work , healthcare , even right to have an estate so ? 
  stable democracy will collapse because 100k refugees ( which will be accepted . ), 
  not very stable then my friend . 
  and rest ; lebanese jordanian values , second world living standard and resources can be lost for them as well . 
  again define `` more '' not what would germany lose according to your perspective . 
  you already sounded like them . 
  i am sorry . 
  and are you aware that lebanon is religionwise the most diverse middle eastern country , right ? 
  yet alone all the different islamic cults , beliefs and different ethnicities . 
  being muslim is not having a monolithic identity . 
  1 ) yes and yes . 
  with a side note i am not lebanese or jordanian in case you have not noticed or chose not to notice . 
  2 ) seems like only difference is social benefits . 
  so source your 0 social benefit claim please , if it would not be too much of a hustle for you . 
  same things which lebanon or jordan can lose . 
  just change the standard of living there . 
  oh but yeah the standard of living which came with the help of unhomogeneous population and banlieus , right ? 
  i did not ask what would germany lose ? 
  i asked what it has more to lose compare to lebanon or jordan ? 
  so compare them please . 
  such as ? 
  i suggest to dump them to usa . 
  europe do not need permission from the country where they will dump them to after all , am i right ? 
  the further the better , plus they will not try to come back from the land of dreams . 
  win and win for europe .
