  if we take into his actions not just this picture , and his wife 's dress . 
  he has always been anti-secular , was even more agressive with his speeches before . 
  firstly define `` muslim countries '' , secondly define '' the most civilized muslims . '', 
  and which of these happened in turkey ? 
  enlighten us with your ignorance . 
  what makes you think if a person disagrees with erdo\u011fan is pro west ? 
  and you believe that erdo\u011fan is a guy who is uprising to west ? 
  you are high on something i guess . 
  make your mind up , if turks ( who sadly electing erdo\u011fan ) are lapdogs of the west or rebels against west . 
  take reality pill , instead of what you are using right now . 
  if not turk , clearly a person who buffed up economically with the help of corrupted business environment . 
   1 ) i am not even turkish , but i have done many business in turkey in the financial sector . 
  being a dick over personal statement which harms no one ? 
  sure mate . 
  they have done it several times before , do not pretend like you have not heard of it before . 
  what are nordic values ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  there is no try and lie but the truth in that story , just like the racism and ignorance in you . 
  plus who told you that my friend was muslim ?? 
  it is a shame that my male friend on erasmus got beaten like hell in poland that i could not recognize him when i saw his picture . 
  just because he had darker skin and the polish girls were all over him , the local boys gone nuts . 
  what a barbaric times it seems . 
  define the rest of the world . 
  http://www.lojiport.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/varyag_bogaz_cin.jpg even an aircraft carrier passed through . 
  okay . 
  try milano or brussels next time . 
  it is even popular in estonia . 
   must suck to lose it to turkey . 
  and you were speaking of projecting much ? 
  spewing shit skills you have . 
   oh , i can work in very diverse settings . 
  highly doubt it , since your diverse setting example is still dwelling about nationalistic turks . 
   please feel invited to call me to your defence any time . 
  i would not want to lose the defense , so thank you . 
   you can be sure that everybody in europe would rather welcome `` pkk kurds '' than islamist kurds . 
  not everybody in europe is `` clepto kurdist '' like you are . 
  when you put % 10 of those kurds to let 's say estonia ( no offense guys , due to low population . ), 
  i will tell them 2a1za wanted to flood europe with terrorists . 
  while you are at it get the islamist kurds also since they are majority in their ethnic population . 
  s\u00fcr\u00fcc\u00fc family is a kurdish reality , you would see it if you could burst your bubble of terrorist propaganda with a sauce of liberty . 
  improving ethnic minority rights and human rights and freedom of expressions , etc. 
  are the things which our country should work on immediately . 
  however we will not sympathy with terrorists , like your kind of hypocrites do . 
  lol good luck and please take pkk kurds . 
  class keyboard skills you have there . 
  pathetic . 
   norway yes . 
  apologies . 
  was being ignorant and clearly bad example . 
  all . 
  1 - til romania is not in europe . 
  2 - could be less than illegal romanians . 
  3-i do not know why you bring romania to the table about illegal working then ? 
  by that logic you can find more illegal norwegians in eu than romanians . 
  anyway my point was not to argue . 
  i thought you had some numbers but clearly you do not . 
  thanks . 
  that is not what you claimed . 
  that page is about legal migration . 
  what are the comparison of the numbers of illegal workers from turkey and romania ? 
  can i see the numbers as a curious and sincere question . 
   ethnic cleansing you never fail to lie , spread misinformation and push your agenda and bias . 
  that agreement was fail from the beginning for our side . 
  it is no brainer that akp officials can not fulfill the requirements by the eu for the visa liberalisation , yet those akp clowns agreed to take unwanted immigrants of eu . 
  i hope the deal will be cancelled anytime soon . 
  gas you ? 
  that is europeans ' speciality , no ? 
  :d greeks are my eternal friends and neighbors . 
  i like them . 
  oh ok , then you are christianized turk . 
  and you are european as an israeli ? 
  lol, 
   world has not reported on it except rt ( russia ) ahahhaha . 
  pretty sad fucking life you have there , shaping it based on lies . 
  lol, 
  in woeskies ' defense . 
  the other dude is clinically obsessed with turkey and erdo\u011fan and he really is spamming those pictures . 
  but to be honest , it is of course normal to use in this thread . 
  thank you , good sir for your insightful contribution . 
  have a nice day . 
  where in my comment did i defend him ? 
   i simply put that you also have low quality posts which have direct insults and oftenly your comments dwell about turks and islam in an obsession level so you are not much different . 
  and this is coming from a person who insults reddit users as `` moron '' ? 
  what a high quality contribution you have there . 
  lol, 
  you are boring . 
  way before the shitshow of migrants taking over europe . 
  my friend who was also doing erasmus had been beaten up pretty savagely in opole . 
  but he also noted that poles were mostly kind in general . 
  i will come to netherlands . 
  and ? 
  thats why precisely he has to fuck off . 
  then go fucking live in ksa or somewhere else . 
  oh , are not you the ones who stacked the refugees in a van like caged animals and melted them into liquid ? 
  oh boy , europeans are so angelic . 
  says the guys who preach about drowning the refugee boats ? 
  pretty rich . 
  and ? 
  i agree . 
  you are the amusing ones here .
