  it 's fine by me he is trolling but if there is a rule like that and if they remove other posts based on that rule they have to take action against him . 
  because if the thing which he is doing is not `` agenda pushing '' , i do n't know what it is . 
  anyway i ll stop talking inbefore `` secular kurd '' comes . 
  lmao . 
  btw this sub reddit has a rule of `` agenda pushing . '', 
  which is as always not applying to anti turk circlejerk . 
  openly admitting he is pushing his retarded logic in every possible way nearly 7/24 . 
  right right . 
  ; ) i am sure you do lol . 
  so much professionalism , lets you live on reddit 24 hours . 
  he is either troll or mentally flawed . 
  he dedicated his life to make turkey 's future even worse . 
  ( his words . ), 
  by commenting on reddit with misinformation . 
  lol ca n't get any more pathetic . 
  be\u015fikta\u015f , a club which is founded in 1903 officialy acquired a lol team in turkey while ago . 
  http://lol.gamepedia.com/be%c5%9fikta%c5%9f_e-sports_club e-sports becoming serious deal . 
  i say `` the body is foreigner , the brain is estonian . '', 
  for skype . 
  nevertheless estonians go crazy even when they heard . 
  ofc , ofc . 
  totally calm . 
  sipping on beer . 
  right . 
  `` do n't care , never leaves turkey related threads . '', 
  lmao . 
  i am talking about the general written rules . 
  we do n't . 
  it is your wet dream that we become some shithole which is run by sheria but we do not wave white flag like you do . 
  i do not disagree with the current government 's actions . 
  they need to be gone . 
  and i support referendum in cyprus . 
  my point is i do not naively believe if people remain moderate muslim in turkey europe will embrace us . 
  eh too much typing for a day for me . 
  thank you for the last answer . 
  not related to our debate but where are you from precisely ? 
  just adjusting the rules according to the modern world . 
  ( no stoning , no hand cutting , etc. ), 
  just like you did to christianity . 
  i do believe muslims can have reform or renaissance or whatever the enlightment is . 
  no need to be atheists . 
  being athesit solely is not a sign of being progressive . 
  so you were not europeans back in time . 
  nice to know . 
   we can into europe soon . 
  you could have decent cuisine . 
  pity that french cuisine is just a baloon overpumped . 
  are you deliberately being stupid ? 
  first you generalise middle east due to islam then you sub categorise them according to the religious groups and ethnicity . 
  are you fucking aware that `` because middle-eastern countries have a lot more in common with turkey ? 
  for starters , they have the same religion which influenced their cultures until relatively recently , as a result their art , literature , cuisine etc. 
  are far more similar to those of middle east . '', 
  this can apply to ksa and iran . 
  some of you europeans are sometimes a freaking joke . 
  i understand your concern , i am not happy with the current situation in my country neither . 
  but i do believe ( and most of the country ) as i said even if we embraced the european values we ll have hard time due to history and religion . 
  some can say that it is inferiority complex but my experiences make me think like that . 
  so no matter what , no acceptance . 
  because muslim . 
  no need to break it to details . 
  even funnier they see georgia and armenia as europe . 
  i mean i have met too many georgians and few armenians . 
  they definitely share more with us than lets say swedes or germans . 
  i am not taking this sub so seriously , it is just killing time . 
  seriously jokes aside ; of course i would like to embrace european values but we do hardly believe no matter what you would not accept us . 
  because muslim . 
  plus i do not see any harm or minus being defined as turk or anatolian . 
  aye we are european . 
  balkan power . 
  who cares lmao ? 
  i will post turkey related threads from now on . 
  you link zaman to fight with oppression , to avoid dictatorship and show solidarity with them . 
  with the lightest words you are pathetic to spend all your time with anti turkey posts , comments , threads , so on . 
  no progressive , sane and honest person would back g\u00fclen movement up even tough they are in a conflict with erdo\u011fan . 
  what next ? 
  you are gon na advocate military coup to bring erdo\u011fan down ? 
  you are a joke . 
  ps : rudaw is biased media source . 
  suck it up . 
  no they are not . 
  erdo\u011fan might be working with kurds but certainly not open minded towards religion based minorities . 
  that 's a bullshit belief first started to being spread by anti coup so called leftists who sided with erdogan because he was anti militarist thus much progressive . 
  we see . 
  ok now turn your pc off , too much arma . 
  we fight with g3 's . 
  my rifle was born in 1973 .  ), 
  no doubt us outmatches pretty much every army in the world . 
  yet they ca n't stabilize or claim success at afghanistan after all those years . 
  plus i think the guy is from europe since he describe eu as `` we . '', 
  and clearly for him the benefits are more than the costs . 
  so i was just being friendly and inviting him to the hell caleed `` middle east . '', 
  your source is just the plans . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/echo/files/aid/countries/factsheets/turkey_syrian_crisis_en.pdf eu contributed millions whereas turkey spent 6-7 billions . 
  now shut your mouth and spew your lies elsewhere . 
  come and bomb if you have the balls . 
  guess we fucking deserve this . 
  screw you bah\u00e7eli , this shit is so depressing . 
   the vision of a pluralist society , as it appeared during the gezi protests two years ago right pluralist society like it appeared during gezi . 
  which hdp had withdrawn itself and supporters . 
  stop using gezi for your agendas .
