  he is massive populist , authoritarian with islamist roots and agenda . 
  however that does not change the fact that pkk is far from being liberty fighters and one of the most brutal terrorist organisations in the recent history which even oppress and kill ethnical kurds if they find it `` good for the cause . 
  this is like the third of fourth time this video is up . 
  got it , still bulky and ugly . 
  but not important it is just my design preferences . 
  plus , the position is misplaced and the color options are too ugly in my opinion . 
  i guess you are the joke here . 
   kurdish ypg has been beating isis then list your allies also . 
  good that you are buddies with u.s. as a socialist ( ! ), 
  oh right , those socialist brave kurdish fighters who are being anti oppresing state but yelling `` biji serok obama '' kicking butts alone right ? 
  oh man , i guess you have not been in the army and you think that once you had been trained and held the gun people are becoming pure evils . 
  sure they have to follow orders , no denial about that . 
  but it is indeed close to `` innocent people who want to do their service and head back to civil life '' . 
  because if you refuse to serve your military duty be prepared to be trialed by the military courts for nearly life time . 
  sad but freaking true . 
  so the mindset is indeed like you have said for the majority of the soldiers in turkey . 
  we are not discussing here the chances of being in a conflict and getting killed once you forcefully got the gun in your hands . 
  it was simply an objection to you for the words that you chose . 
  i do n't know how this simple reality is supposed to be discussed away . 
  simple soldiers ( whom die in the wars in mass scale ) do not sign up , they have to serve in turkey . 
  what sign up for ? 
  it is mandatory here to serve the military duty . 
  check your facts maybe ? 
  those innocent civilians got through the border in a day after the news had been released . 
  but you think that turkey is banana republic and has to open borders to everyone while you can not handle 100-200 refugees in your countries ha ? 
  oh soldiers can be very innocent , there are thousands and thousands of soldiers in turkish army who are anti militarists but forced to serve military duty . 
  you got boring with your turk bashing ignorance . 
  i guess you you glorify 9/11 too ha ? 
  or you think that it was ok for innocent people to deal with state created monsters ha ? 
  genuine/honest question . 
  does it generally work like that in estonia ? 
  do you want to ban christianity or not ? 
  i showed you devoted pastor with thousands of followers who is threatening gay people by rifles and calling a rise up . 
  stop beating around the bush and all those beliefs are taking part in christianity in modern day as well . 
  do you want me to link them to you ? 
  even if you do want , i will not because you are the different page of the same story just like bigot muslims . 
  end of discussion . 
  take care . 
   islam is the last cancer in the world and if it were eradicated i seriously think the world as whole could be at peace . 
  i think you are the naive or biased one who thinks that whole world could be in peace if you want to ban the belief of billions of people . 
  i once did not oppose you that islam or qur ` an has hostile sentiments towards the menitoned groups and even more to females and so on . 
  it has to have a good modern reform to fit in the modern world . 
  but are you gon na answer my question ? 
  do you want to ban christianity as well ? 
  you want to ban christianity as well ? 
  [ since some of them threaten gay people by posing with assault rifle . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf8un9en2dq ), 
  people want nazis back literally , instead of dealing some 100k refugees in europe . 
  wow . 
   they modernized egypt from the complete backwater cesspool it was thanks to centuries under the rule of the possibly the biggest failure in human civilization , the ottoman/mamluk empire , which did more harm to egypt than any western rule combined and multiplied by a million . 
  cherrypicking on colonial powers and whitewashing the history of westerns . 
  if the ottomans were barbaric so were the westerns . 
  modernization did not matter and does not matter , since you can self criticise and see the situation of egypt now . 
  are you waiting for brits and french to repay egyptians ? 
  or you prefer to live on france and be ok with their occupation on egypt ? 
  because nearly 4 millions of them are in the neighbour countries ? 
  please take half of the 2 millions of refugees in only turkey . 
  and help the refugees and us . 
  thank you . 
  i want to point out , maybe read the thread first and then start to comment ? 
  the link is among the comments . 
  you do not find data , but you ask for sources and data ? 
  cool , got it . 
  and are you economic migrant who came % 100 legal ? 
  oh , now the rules have changed ? 
  now more women you want ? 
  ok . my bad , apologies . 
  you won . 
  easy game . 
  fully noted . 
  then i would suggest you to stop posting nonsense since noone cares about them neither . 
  you did not notice ? 
  maybe click the source link ? 
  nah , not my objective . 
  but i am pretty confident , belonging certain ethnicity takes a positive or negative role in your life . 
  plus with the direct curses in the responses of yours pretty much shows your ability of accepting claims . 
  ( even tough they might be false . ), 
  why not ? 
  are armenians some kind of \u00fcbermensch ? 
  and what are you if you pardon me to ask ? 
  was egypt in a war recently that you had to fled from your home country ? 
  plus where are your sources ? 
  and did you purposely choose the picture of only males ? 
  because there are children and women on the other pictures as well . 
  ( since some people here mentioned why it is only males . ), 
  til lithuanian immigrants on the west are disrespectful and lazy . 
  thanks . 
  pfff !, 
  it would be funnier , if that was not satire . 
  they are poor compare to you , and way way poorer . 
  and imagine what they had been through to find that money or how hard they tried their asses off to save the amount of 3 months ( tops ) wages for you . 
  life is not sunshine and lollipops you know ? 
  benefits , they definitely are getting , citizenship ? 
  not yet . 
  yes nice , send them . 
  let swap what we have and what you have . 
  i changed my mind you ll need more sinebrychoff . 
  and you are pretty confident about we are gon na accept them ? 
  heh lol you wan na piss off turkey by sending 1k refugee in finland ? 
  try to deal with your anger when turkey decided to piss you off with 2 millions of them .
