  you are no better than the neo sultan when imposing what is best to people . 
  fuck akp and their backwards politics , but seriously why eu ticket always ? 
  there is just [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3f4xxa/shut_up_as_a_woman_deputy_pm_ar%c4%b1n%c3%a7_tells_female_mp/ctlcvaq ) below your comment . 
  ok i got it , some european countries are good ( ! ), 
  with their minorities , some not . 
  but we assume all are . 
  and we can go easy to some european countries according to history of theirs . 
  got it . 
  i do not know , you tell me . 
  so ok i hate armenia also . 
  what the hell is this now ? 
  you demand kurdish to be official language ? 
  you demand regional government ? 
  the situation is not the same i know but it is still minorities , try to suggest this to baltics maybe . 
  see the reaction that you will get . 
  will not happen , sorry . 
  for instance they opened their own private kurdish language courses in the eastern turkey , nearly no one showed up . 
  anyway there had been oppresion , even brutal threatments towards kurds and minorities no lies . 
  but i can not stand to pkk 's victim complex , ethnical hate behind pro western ideals , and of course their violence . 
  genius . 
  really ? 
  i mentioned ottoman first what a brilliant observation . 
  he will get what i mean . 
  i have not replied to you as you can see . 
  extremists started to pop up in modern day prior to 2003 ? 
  lol . 
  anyway who said that those countries were peaceful within themselves . 
  i was specifically talking about extremists . 
  intervene for the democracy and human rights he ? 
  assad was killing his own people according to you . 
  now what ? 
  turkish government is righteous to arm the fsa ? 
  if you say no , you are nothing but a hypocrite . 
  is fucking / r/europe reserved for you ? 
  mind boggling in the same thread you criticise the hell out the entire muslim population and when some users from turkey tells something contarory to your belief you question the right of his existence on this sub ? 
  so fucking what if it is conspiracy ? 
  too many haters recently hiding behind `` western values . '', 
  je suis charlie , right ? 
  same for kurds ( for biased users ) . 
  for instance why do i not see roma prime minister in hungary ( mentioned because of the recent news ) or in its parliementary history ? 
  like franco did to you ? 
  do you hate armenia as well ? 
  oh , your western ball sucking is boring . 
  blame ottomans as you usually do and paint the sunshine and flowers over western history . 
  no sane person denies that islam needs to be reformed to eleminate the extremists . 
  yet the existence of modern day extremists have been triggered by west , mainly us . 
  flee your country , and then bitch about how the country is fucked up ? . 
  you know what . 
  those westerns will never aid the poor muslim majority countries to develop . 
  but yeah life is good in france while bashing them . 
  heretic eu . 
  it is somehow great that rural conservative turks are always being mentioned but you go blind that they actually will be kurds in majority . 
  oh but kurds were secular , western and progressive right ? 
  i am sure it is going to be filled with lithuanian immigrants . 
  afterall we are west europe now . 
  if they are really atheists , they might be after some hidden agenda ( hint : personal economic growth ) or the most naive people in the universe . 
  and i do not have a slight clue how a gay person can be pro akp . 
  however thanks for the reply . 
  probably i have not been there ? 
  now the claims are shifted to this ? 
  oh please since when you have to be to a certain geography to make a statement or analyze about it ? 
  if it is mandatory , then near 100 % of you europeans and americans has to be silent you know ? 
  ps : i have been there , and i was born close to there . 
  they have their little piece of land in iraq where they started to live peacefully . 
  why do n't they live there ? 
  kokoretsi is ours , as well . 
  in no world we do deserve that indeed . 
  so pkk should start to kill isis not civilians , soliders , policemen , engineers , teachers , students , so on so on . 
  there are sources and links to everywhere but nothing on evidences . 
  `` being analyzing ! '', 
  undeniably yeah . 
  who are those high ranking atheist akp officials ? 
  they also have killed 3 off duty soldiers day time in hakkari in late 2014 . 
  but yeah they are angelic unicorn liberty fighters according to turk hating reddit users . 
  same logic ; no peace talks and death to the terrorists who are actively killing turks and kurds for years plus the guys who actively help them . 
  nice ha ? 
  i am neutral about recent refugee situation , there is a moral side of it and also disadvantages of such as integrating to them into the society . 
  in fact i mostly sound pro immigration because i find some europeans are using it for fear mongering to gain support to whatever their agenda is . 
  that being said i personaly dislike mega threads and also one thing i am being sure is recent change of moderators had not been benefitial to here . 
  too many controversial decisions which led to mass arguments . 
  ( which makes moderators ' work harder than it should be . ), 
  wow , much rebel . 
  dear fellow estonian and finnish friends , please stop wearing flashy blue ties . 
  / no homo . 
  ( there i impose my evil middle eastern customs . ), 
  ah now turkey playing both sides ? 
  it was one sided leaning towards jihadists before at your comments . 
  bugger off with your obvious propaganda and lies . 
  my vote d be first vilnius then tallinn . 
   isis was moving its terrorists through turkey , and kurds were noting this and what is this ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyuszwegvok fyi guys this is the time turkey let peshmerges in turkish soil to go to kobane due to isis blockage in syrian borders . 
  oh i guess you preserved the kurdish identity to only pkk or ypg ? 
  since you do not mention these kind of stuff and constantly spreading misinformation just as you always do . 
  pkk killed nearly 40.000 people , civilians and ethnic kurds included . 
  got aided by some of the eu countries in the past . 
  what the fuck do you need more to condemn the acts of an organisation which is listed as a terrorsit group by eu itself . 
  ( and you see the oxymoron ? ), 
  despicable eu , eh ? . 
  9/11 justified eh ? 
  and most turkish citizens put him and his puppet government into his place at the last election .
