  how is it going in your khrushchyovka , ekre 88 ? 
  life is xbox , life is call of duty for some americans appearantly . 
  then do not send your isis europeans out of your country . 
  lol this sub is insane . 
  nothing i was just curious . 
  where are you from if i may ask ? 
  you pretty much do nothing but push negative agenda on turks here . 
  i mean in entire reddit . 
  indeed they are , they have some values which you are desperately looking for in uk . 
  so now `` agenda pushing '' is allowed here or not ? 
  what are the chances of you being diaspora armenian ? 
  the beatles are soo overrated . 
  why would i take all of your arguments and try to debate you with the things that you will never accept ? 
  i told you i have understood your point of view and we had fundemental differences of definining the culture ? 
  of course i will take the points where you are to me 100 % wrong . 
  plus pretty much all of your texts bubble around the same idea . 
  less tells more most of the time . 
  one day i hope i will see him behind the metal bars . 
  still . 
  estonians for instance they came from `` christian family '' remains ? 
  i very much doubt it and i believe even estonians themselves would describe their roots as paganic than christian . 
  dude we are still here and we will be here , we involve in daily politics as a country in europea , we are candidate of eu , arabs and mongols are not . 
  history can not be changed but living in past will not expand your horizons . 
  wow . 
  how unpopular . 
  we have strict seperation of what defines culture and what it consists of . 
  that is why we can not share the same beliefs . 
  i see that you are entitling every positive thing with christianity and therefore you reject anything which is not christian . 
  plus european can not be static term while you have diferrentiations among yourselves . 
  i strongly think you would consider let 's say an ethnic dane who converted to islam as a traitor to european values . 
  anyway i do not think that we are european , plus i do not think it is a negative thing not to be european ; turkish culture is superior to european culture when it comes to certain issues . 
  however , `` invader , backwards , barbaric , islamic , etc. '', 
  label as you want but we were/are part of europe culturally geographically . 
  culture is not a static phenomenon , it changes and it evolves with the people . 
  so break your thick walls of hatred and try to understand there are people exactly like you culturally in turkey . 
  for instance the place called thrace maybe , reminds you sth maybe ? 
  plus with atheism the differences would definitely disappear.and they are . 
  edit : i understand your point of view and respectfully disagree . 
  i do not want to turn this into some low profile comment wars . 
  that is why i apologise for my `` deal with it . '', 
  comment . 
  if they were the part of european history culturally and geographically , it would . 
  deal with it . 
  there are european minded turks who are more than the entire population of bulgaria . 
  pkk fighting isis ? 
  yeah . 
  do not hate me but estonians go these kind of places as well . 
  this myth `` club venus is russian . '', 
  kind of style ? 
  : ddd, 
  `` totally different places ? '', 
  like what , where ? 
  is this / s ? 
  what treason are you talking about ? 
  fuck every single one of them . 
  why do n't you try yourself , big boy ? 
  being an exchange student in university , and resisting to an assaulter is a reason to hate the turks . 
  the poles ? 
  yes good , you are being tamed . 
  yeah because self defence is being animal ? 
  unbelivable , when it comes to turks trying to defend yourself after an assault is being an animal . 
  what do you want ? 
  just accept the beating and turn your other cheek ? 
  fuck it . 
  i got a friend who experienced the same thing that is reported in the news . 
  he got beaten in opole so badly that his face was a mess , that was about 7-8 years ago . 
  and my brother got attacked in belgrade last year . 
  unfortunately there is a clear negativity towards us . 
  : ) edit : i really do not care about downvotes but a real life experience also clearly hurts some people . 
  i should have said `` hurr durr all poles are racists !!!! 1 !! . '', 
  lol : ) ) ), 
  my observation and personal belief is younger generation is less religious . 
  but religiousness among youngsters can vary depending on the region or even on cities in the same region . 
  thanks . 
  i like this [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzqkpcx5pmu ) , tho of course i do not understand anything . 
  not related to radio stations , but is grasu xxl big there ? 
  til lithuania is southern europe . 
  read my first comment you ignorant . 
  and learn how many elections he got into . 
  jesuz christ , you talk without knowing shit and being cocky on top of that . 
  his explanation was not correct and it is a justification for having an explosion . 
  anyway i am kind of aggressive and sad and emotional today . 
  sorry about that . 
  homework to you . 
  get informed about turkish elections and then start to blame the majority . 
  case is now closed . 
  really ? 
  wording matters . 
  i am not gon na accept to hear the sutpidity of the entire nation . 
  go and look at the elections if he had the majority always . 
  cut the bs about `` your own stupidity . '', 
  thing . 
  then i would say you as a eu and as a western world , you were god damn stupid to believe in him and supported him , right ? 
  and there will be always the stupidity which brings the armenian genocide to every topic related to turkey . 
  and the award goes to you this time . 
  what was our sin to have this nutjob erdo\u011fan ? 
  this culturally closer thing is not argument , i am sorry . 
  i am tired but it really would not make the situation any better like you think . 
  we do not have much in common . 
   also , you are both muslim , so there is potential for less ethnic conflicts and better integration in turkey .
