  however , the domestic wiretapping ... well , he should have known better . 
  he 's competent enough to know the implications of prism . 
  what i * really * blame him for are his actions after the snowden leak . 
  the international manhunt for the whistleblower and wholesale defense of the programs are despicable . 
  it would be different if he acted surprised or did * something * against it ... but instead he and nancy pelosi stood in front of the american people saying `` sorry , this is the way it is now . '', 
  i know ... it 's hard , though . 
  honestly , on paper , my opinions lie squarely with the democrats , which , in europe would be a center-right party ( pragmatically liberal economically , unauthoritative socially ) . 
  the problem is , they do n't practice what they preach . 
  domestically , obama 's a lot better . 
  but when it comes to civil liberties and foreign policy , he 's carried the bush torch with gusto . 
  honestly , before the nsa revelations , my opinion on obama was slightly positive . 
  i agreed with economic positions and found him a centrist change from the bush administration . 
  obviously i was extremely concerned with his drone policy , but the other guy would n't have been any better . 
  the nsa revelations completely disabused me of that notion . 
  there is absolutely nothing else he could do short of personally curing cancer that would turn my opinion of his tenure as president around . 
  that being said ... i 'd still have voted obama rather than romney . 
  the choice just is n't there :(, 
  congratulations :-) i like seeing the eu bring more and more into the fold . 
  a united europe has the chance to be a true global superpower . 
  well ... to be fair , the revealed a crime to an american ally . 
  it 's not good , but it 's not * that * bad . 
  yes , i was just pointing out how it was sad that the netherlands collaborated with the nsa and had knowledge of prism . 
  i 'm sure it 's not just the netherlands ... in addition to the obvious five eyes , i 'm sure many governments knew what was going on . 
   i mean , i fell in love with an american girl and kept it going for months while we were on different continents i 'm literally in the same situation , but reversed :-) that makes sense . 
  san francisco is pretty awesome climate-wise . 
  the temperature range here is 12-25 degrees -- never hotter , never colder . 
  there 's still snow and ice or 40 + degree temps if you want it within 3 hours , though, 
  yep , you guys had direct access to prism . 
  what about australia ? 
  aaah , ok , i just figured they 'd appreciate it too . 
  cool video !, 
  just get your finnish passport . 
  trust me , it 'll make it so easy . 
  crosspost to / r/metric , 
  i 've met many people from many other countries who acted like that -- most notably , a few israelis , a swedish guy , and a british girl i met in china . 
  i think it 's not just an american problem . 
  can you give an example of a spy in guantanamo , or a country the united states has invaded due to espionage ? 
  what about animated movies , e.g. 
  toy story or cars ? 
  are they `` dubbed '' ( i.e. 
  recast ) , or are they also subtitled ? 
  i agree with you , i absolutely ca n't stand dubbed foreign movies . 
  i much prefer subtitles . 
  it looks like caesar 's palace in las vegas . 
  or in a broad , diversified indexed bond or equity fund . 
  oh , they absolutely invested in social programs , and i do n't fault chavez for that . 
  however , the spending on social programs is unsustainable and they have fallen victim to the dreaded resource curse -- crime is extremely high , and foreign investment is extremely low . 
  less people at the tail end are poor , but we wo n't see venezuela emerging as a leading economy anytime soon . 
  yep , same here . 
  pretty exciting !, 
  maybe they belong in the `` terribly mismanaged by a socialist president who meant well but ultimately failed to understand the economic externalities of his unsustainable social programs '' club ? 
  have you seen / r/politics , or the petition that just broke the 100,000 signature threshold requiring a response for the president ? 
  honestly , i see * far * more european complacency on this subreddit ( and especially in / r/unitedkingdom ) regarding the role of european governments ... 
   i do n't understand americans . 
  why the hell are you defending nsa ? 
  they are breaking your laws , lying to your congress and just do n't give a fuck . 
  charging snowden with espionage is more or less a sign of your governments stance on subject . 
  nsa is ok . exposing breaking law ? 
  nope , you go to jail for that . 
  and by jail i mean torture . 
  and here you are going with one of two favorite american excuses `` others are doing the same thing '' . 
  stop it , just stop . 
  think for a second what your country is and what it used to be . 
  why are you defending this ? 
  do n't paint us all with a broad brush ... 
  `` gary glitter is leading a new al qaeda cell . 
  let us tap your phones . '', 
  * such * a good book . 
  i highly recommend it if you 're interested in the history of the nsa . 
  it sounds great -- almost like a fondue ( shit !, 
  that 's another thing i know about switzerland , great fondue ) . 
  actually , there 's a question : what 's the difference between raclette and fondue ? 
  i was wondering about what `` cultural niche '' it fills ; i guess it 's something you have with friends and family ? 
  one of the best things about my upcoming move to europe are the cheap flights . 
  i definitely want to take weekend trips to various european destinations . 
  i first saw raclette mentioned on the thread about christmas traditions and have wanted to try it since . 
  i 've paid  $ 10 for a beer , but it 's usually some weird imported belgian sour or something . 
  i do n't think i 'd drink much in norway ... 
  the only thing i can think of that would remotely approach bashing switzerland would be people using the phrase `` swiss bank accounts '' to mean any offshore anonymous undeclared bank account ( even though swiss banks now have to report under fatca anyway ) . 
  honestly , i think most americans , when hearing the word switzerland , would think lederhosen ( not really accurate , but hey , whatever ) , financial sectors , chocolate , watches , expensive stuff , skiing , cheese ( though what we call swiss cheese * pales * in comparison to what 's available in ch ) , neutrality , and chocolate . 
  maybe not the most nuanced view in the world , but i literally ca n't even imagine switzerland-bashing . 
  i ca n't even think of any negative swiss stereotypes ... 
  i 'm sure all the five eyes knew about it ( and probably participated ) . 
  the netherlands records * every * conversation . 
  uprons to the left . 
  live audience . 
  which americans bash switzerland ? 
  i 've never heard american have a negative opinion ... certainly not as a group . 
  four languages , huge variety of amazing cheese , neutral , world banking center , strong pharmaceutical industry ( at least , roche is headquartered there ) . 
  i think of a strong science industry in general when i think about switzerland . 
  good sausage , too , and , though i 've never had it , reclette ( sp ? ), 
  is supposed to be nice . 
  also , punctuality in general is important in switzerland . 
  i did a lot of hiking with a couple from aarau . 
  i 've never been to switzerland , but i 'd love to visit . 
  edit : also , if you need mercenary pikemen , switzerland is the place to go . 
  thrust vectoring is pretty goddamn amazing . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's what the su-35 is doing in this instance , but it looks like it . 
  [ here 's a video of an f-22 raptor * hovering in middair * , changing pitch , and flying away ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wojsqpb7ss ) . 
  just incredible .
