  vkontakte, 
  same in the us and uk . 
  you ca n't sign away statutory rights . 
  any contact which restricts those rights is automatically invalid . 
  i shat on it a bit ; it 's not * terrible * or anything . 
  if i had young kids i 'd take them ( i live in winchester , so it would be a slightly-long day trip ) . 
  i think a foreign tourist would probably be wasting their time with brownsea though . 
  dorset has some brilliant climbing as well : the cliffs of swanage have some difficult trad , and the `` isle '' of portland has some of the most extensive sport climbing in the uk . 
  i 've got to say , btw , that brownsea island is a bit shit compared to the jurassic coast , lulworth , or durdle door . 
  slightly-different-colored squirrels ... yay ? 
  stanag mags are common to all france 's allies ( and the hk416 ) . 
  i did n't realize that so many famas 's did n't accept stanag mags though . 
   i 'm no objectivist , or randian that 's what op says . 
  where do they claim to be libertarian ? 
  opposition to corporation tax is pretty standard among economists ... 
  you just got rekt . 
  maybe those multitudes of economists are n't so dumb , eh ? 
  famas accepts stanag magazines right ? 
  why would n't they just buy new magazines ? 
   i 'd prefer to see what happens rather than outright dismiss the treaty based on ignorance . 
  * people on reddit use `` neoliberal '' like the american government uses the word `` terrorist '' . 
  it seems to be shorthand for `` things i do n't agree with '' . 
  i 'm not sure you realize how the ratification process works . 
  national parliaments will * never * vote on a secret deal . 
  that 's not the plan now , and that never has been the plan . 
  trade agreements , broadly , work like this : two parties negotiate a deal . 
  the negotiations are generally confidential . 
  when both sides agree on a proposal , they present the proposal to the national parliaments and the public . 
  ttip has n't reached this stage . 
  let me clarify : * ttip would have been public for over a year before ratification * . 
  not because of leaks , but because that 's how * every eu trade agreement has worked in the past * . 
  what was leaked is n't ttip because there * is * no ttip . 
  it 's a draft proposal of what may eventually become ttip . 
  and the eu has released loads of information about its negotiating position : it 's all available online . 
  it 's not done yet . 
  it wo n't be passed until it 's done ( well , it wo n't be passed at all now ) . 
  it 'll be fully public and non-secret for over a year before it actually gets passed . 
  it 's just the negotiation phase that 's secret , something that 's shared with every trade agreement . 
  why do you oppose secrecy when it will have voter scrutiny ? 
  i do n't think i quite understand your point . 
  did anybody ever say that ttip would not require voter scrutiny in the us or the eu ? 
  yep . 
  it 's a victory for ignorant populism , unfortunately . 
  though , to be fair , 2016 has been a * very * good year for ignorant populism in both sides of the atlantic . 
  do you feel the same way toward every other international agreement that was negotiated in secret ? 
  [ we ca n't , the resulting inferno would cause a forest fire . 
  ] ( http://www.thewrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/honey-boo-boo-canceled-mama-june-dating-child-molester-denies.jpg ), 
  my favorite pizza toppings from a dominoes-style restaurant ( e.g. 
  dominoes , pizza hut , etc. 
  ) : pineapple , ham , mushrooms , and sriracha sauce . 
  though i strongly prefer either a proper italian pizza or a chicago-style deep dish . 
  nope , you 've been misinformed !, 
  ketchup is never put on pasta in the us . 
  there was some woman who did it on a reality show , and it was outrageous enough that it caused a national uproar . 
  the british ( and other northern europeans , eg germans and swedes ) , on the other hand , love ketchup on pasta . 
  i do n't get it . 
  right but there are important legal differences . 
  the us is a federation while the uk is a unitary state . 
  right , but that 's only for team sports . 
  the current system will obviously overrepresent an aggregated eu medal count because they 'll have many , many more competitors . 
  as another commenter said , the us is sending 500 athletes while the eu combined is sending thousands . 
  think about it this way : for basketball , the eu teams have n potential teams who could win gold while the us only has 1 . 
  same for any other event : the us and each nation individually has a quota , but there are far more opportunities for eu countries to take the gold . 
  that 's why you ca n't really take them in aggregate . 
  it 's the same reason the per capita rankings do n't tell you so much . 
  wikileaks is an organization started by idealists with a noble goal and the potential to effect some real positive change in the world . 
  unfortunately , those idealists quickly turned to pragmatism , made a deal with the devil , and must now be viewed as an arm ( or at least a puppet ) of the russian state . 
  sorry , i misread a paper regarding the eu mexico agreement . 
  regardless , each eu trade agreement negotiated since 2000 includes dispute settlement provisions : http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/accessing-markets/dispute-settlement/ . 
  this includes vietnam , south korea , lebanon , among others . 
  in addition , there are other treaties that are n't necessarily ftas that include investor dispute settlement provisions , e.g. 
  energy charter treaty , to which the eu ( and therefore ireland ) are party . 
  eu companies have actually historically been much more litigious than us companies when it comes to initiating isds cases : 60 % of worldwide isds cases between 2008 and 2013 were initiated by european firms rather than american . 
  eu-mexico fta , for example , includes dispute settlement provisions . 
  virtually any modern trade agreement includes isds in some form . 
  errr ... you realize ireland is already party to trade agreements with isds provisions , right ? 
  no , they do n't buy it * because * it 's american . 
  what you said , though , is this :  other things are n't as convenient so you really wo n't see a lot of american cars for example in europe . 
  ford is an american brand ; i was just pointing that out . 
  really ? 
  the ford fiesta is the most commonly owned car in the uk . 
  the economist has always been by far one of the most pro-remain voices in the media . 
  yes , and bernie sanders has lost the election ... 
  oh yeah , i 'm well aware of public perception here about obama 's statement . 
  i 'm just summarising my personal opinion on the matter . 
  i ca n't vote , unfortunately ( not until i get my citizenship ) , but i 'm definitely firmly planted in remain primarily for economic reasons ( though i have to admit , ideological issues , e.g. 
  european unity , sway me toward remain as well ) . 
  yes , but the us and other major economies are a lot more likely to come back to the table and get a deal done , even if it is n't ttip , to break down some sort of trade barrier . 
  the uk alone would , as obama said , be at the back of the line . 
  banks make money when the economy does well . 
  it 's no surprise they 'd be against doing something as economically damaging as leaving a massive common market . 
  or , for those of us who would n't mind seeing a ttip-like deal passed , it makes it more likely that the uk would be able to negotiate access to the american , canadian etc. 
  economies by staying in . 
  hi kerry , thanks so much for the ama !, 
  as with many here , i feel like remain is the obvious choice in this referendum . 
  however , the polls are still neck-at-neck . 
  i ca n't vote in the referendum as i 'm an american living in the uk , but i 've been talking with my friends and trying to get them to stay in . 
  after all that , my question : looking back , do you feel like there were missed opportunities for the remain campaign ? 
  it seems like remain should be the clear leader here : the analysis of virtually every major economic organization ( imf , world bank , etc ) is that brexit would hurt the british economy . 
  the same sentiments have been echoed by almost all london 's financial services firms , and some multinational corporations have even considered pulling out of the uk .
