  not great stuff . 
  the us still operates plenty of minuteman silos . 
  it 's more similar to polish than russian . 
  you realize russian and ukrainian are actually different languages ? 
  that 's a completely specious statement . 
  who they 're built by is utterly immaterial . 
  you said `` your oldest building ... '' ... it 's a building preserved in a us national park . 
  i never claimed my ancestors built it . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taos_pueblo ) remember there were people in the americas before columbus . 
  [ some are . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mesa_verde_national_park ), 
  great news if true ( i do n't really trust rt that much after recent events and ca n't be bothered to look for other sources on my commute ) . 
  ch should be quite a quality of life boost for him ... plus , i trust the swiss to use the information he has in a fair way far more than i do the russians . 
  i 've seen both in person . 
  i think the statue gets that reputation because it 's in the middle of the water and forms an iconic part of the view from manhattan . 
  big ben is kind of in the middle of a lot of other stuff , including the imposing westminster abbey , so i think just due to a perception thing ... though tbh the statue is n't as big in person as it looks in pictures . 
  * all through with this niceness and negotiation stuff * , * we have n't met but you 're a great fan of mine * , * resistance is character-forming * ... i miss him . 
  i do n't know , if you look at the f22 , which has a somewhat similar tactical doctrine , they were only bested by eurofighters when there was an artificial limit set up by forcing them into close-range combat . 
  when the wargames actually used a realistic scenario , the f-22s cleaned up . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mgyneic.png ) they 're remarkably similar . 
  sure . 
  if my friend passed a driving test on his first try and i 'd just failed on my fifth , i could say `` shit , i should have just had you dye your hair and take it for me . '', 
  the humor is the contrast between the estonian project and the disastrous american one . 
  it 's not due to any expectation that estonia would fail . 
  it honestly has nothing to do with estonian inferiority . 
  it has to do with the fact that they have a functioning it project while the us equivalent went to hell . 
  the same could be said if he were in the uk ( and the british ehealth system did n't turn out a disaster ) . 
  maybe the humor does n't translate ... there was absolutely no arrogance behind his statement . 
  it was a dig at his own administration , not estonia -- in fact , he 's professing admiration for their system . 
  it sounds like you 're just eager to feel offended . 
  yeah , the `` target '' of the joke was his own administration while at the same time professing admiration for the estonian system , not disparaging them at all . 
  as someone who designs software systems for a living , designing a system to support 1.3 million users is * exponentially * easier than designing one that supports 15 million . 
  errr , should that be # 700 million ? 
  i was traveling in russia and literally had this said to me ... by a bisexual girl , no less . 
  i was floored and just changed the subject . 
  is the president almost completely ceremonial like the german president ? 
  japan had been fucking shit up in the pacific rim for a long time before the invasion of poland . 
  they invaded manchuria in 1931 , i believe . 
  the chinese would also strongly disagree . 
  you can say kurwa here . 
  he could be italian-american . 
  * he could be italian-american . 
  * ( unfortunately my only ancestry is british , as far as i can tell ), 
  is scotch french ? 
  it 's also american english . 
  argentina had nothing to do with isds , they issued bonds under ny law , so an ny judge decided the case . 
  [ interesting that this photo was n't included . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_military_parade_in_brest-litovsk#mediaviewer/file:bundesarchiv_bild_101i-121-0011a-23,_polen,_siegesparade,_guderian,_kriwoschein.jpg ) it was n't just a german invasion ... 
  i was also under the impression that most `` saudi '' support for such groups comes from private citizens rather than the government as a whole . 
  did n't isis seize a huge amount of gold in mosul as well ? 
  on the order of a half-billion dollars ... 
  op , title is incorrect . 
  this is clearly a fighter/attack jet that can be bought from any local supermarket . 
  i bought 3 at sainsbury 's this afternoon as there was an offer . 
  it 's just a concerned ukrainian citizen doing his part to defeat the evil fascists in kiev . 
  it 's the one i 'm most likely to have ( simply looking at statistics ) , so i 'll go with that one , too . 
  also there 's a vaccine , which is nice . 
  it 's one of the most popular names in the uk as well for precisely this reason . 
  in fact , i believe it 's the most popular name in the world -- parents from other cultures simply choose from a wider variety of names , while islamic names tend to be highly religious . 
  the great thing about living in san francisco is that it 's a seasonless , climate-controlled island in the middle of an area that actually has seasons . 
  in winter , it 's around 16 or 17 degrees , but you can drive a few hours ( or take a bus early in the morning ) to the sierra nevadas and the lake tahoe ski resorts to enjoy a day of skiing and hot cocoa , and during summer drive 30 minutes to be in the middle of either a redwood rainforest or a blazing hot desert . 
  then you just drive home to warm up/cool down as needed . 
  yes , true !, 
  you never leave the house without a light jacket . 
  i have to admit , though , i really miss the weather there . 
  it 's just a difference in grammar . 
  does it * really * bother you that much if someone uses american or british english ? 
  better stay out of / r/europe then . 
  i 'm not aware of any laws about language in the united states . 
  it 's only the singular `` by law '' in that correct form for legal documentation should say `` is '' , the same way proper for for british legal documentation should say `` colour '' rather than `` color '' . 
  are you actually implying sweden does n't have * any * problems ? 
  you need to read more news about sweden ... 
  san francisco is similar . 
  the temperatures are similar , though , because of the gulf stream . 
  it is crazy when you look at the lines of latitude on a map !, 
  messi gains possession ... he 's down the center , howard is alone at the goal , aaaand ... oooooh , drone strike on messi !, 
  well shit , fifa , go ahead and put it in north korea or syria . 
  maybe the first gaza world cup ? 
  plus it 's still happily roving around , even after its service life is over . 
  i know how important they are . 
  they 're important to me as well : i live in the eu . 
  and i think the social protections are more important to europeans than the second amendment is to americans . 
  however there 's no indication yet that ttip will threaten any of these protections . 
  if they do , i 'll be the first person protesting it : i do n't want my rights at work infringed . 
  compared to finland vs. portugal ? 
  definitely . 
  there are certainly big regional differences between boston and jackson ( capital of mississippi ) -- in some ways , politically , the denizens of ma are closer to western europe politically -- but culturally it 's very similar . 
  the same movies play at the cinema , many of the same cultural experiences will be shared growing up , and , most importantly , though there is a huge difference in legislation between us states , it does n't compare to the legislative differences between eu member states . 
  this means companies are more easily able to target their product at a really big group of people without having to hire translators , separate marketing departments , researching national legislation , etc. 
  even more a reason to open the huge 315 strong monolinguistic , monocultural market of the usa to european startups . 
  the ict sector is n't dominated by the us , but the us certainly has a leg up . 
  there are still a lot of big european it firms . 
  ict sector . 
  true but all those are multi billion dollar international corporations . 
  they are not the ones will hugely benefit from free trade . 
  it will allow smes , especially those in the information sector , to enter foreign markets with hugely reduced barriers . 
  well i 'm not disputing the cultural differences ; there will hopefully be safeguards in the treaty to protect social institutions . 
  i do n't think cultural differences are enough of a reason to scuttle a free trade agreement that could potentially be very valuable , though . 
  the eu currently has a free trade agreement with south korea , a state which is very culturally distinct , but it seems to have worked out relatively well .
