  but pensioners vote in droves , so they 're untouchable . 
  i 've used couchsurfing before . 
  it 's hard to get your first couch since you do n't have people to vouch for you , but once you do , it 's a great time . 
  i 'd definitely recommend it -- and , knowing the type of people who host , you 'll probably get some great hitchhiking tips -- or even a ride !, 
  i 'm sure much more interesting than kansas anyway . 
  nothing against kansas , but it 's boring as hell . 
  ick ... i do n't really like to have my american flair because people jump to conclusions about not liking government anything . 
  has it occurred to you that maybe i do have reasons other than an irrational fear of government ? 
  please try not to put my desire to self-direct retirement down to petty national stereotypes . 
  it 's not about being overconfident or not trusting the government . 
  it 's due to the fact that i like to set my own risk tolerance . 
  i can guarantee that i can invest in a broad spread of vanguard mutual funds with a much lower total expense ratio than a what you can get through most pre-planned superannuation provider . 
  there 's a reason / r/personalfinance strongly recommends self-direction . 
  it also allows for granular control over your risk tolerance . 
  i do n't think self-direction is right for * everyone * , but i am kind of an investment/retirement nerd , and i have a very good idea of exactly how i like to be invested in the market . 
  when you 're diversified past a certain point , it 's less about * what * you 're investing in and more about * how much * of each thing you have . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i really prefer investing my own money in the funds of my choosing when i get the chance to do so . 
  it allows me to set my own risk tolerance and asset allocation . 
  thanks !, 
  the russian military is in relative disarray , and troop conditions are n't very good at all . 
  while they have a huge military capability , their efficiency is n't as good as the french . 
  it 's similar going from the us to the uk . 
  i 'm surprised by the amount of smokers . 
  there 's a weird dual stereotype in the us of french people . 
  there 's the whole bathing-and-not-shaving thing , which , i 've noticed , is mostly talked about among the uneducated . 
  now it seems more common that the stereotype is svelte-thin-but-arrogant-fashion-models . 
  [ looks like kansas . 
  nope , only if the real data supports it ... which it does !, 
  that 's sorted , 
  the government handles retirement funds as well ? 
  is it common to plan for your retirement in other ways ? 
  i 'm in the running for an opportunity in sweden  it sounds good . 
  i have a natural fear of defined-benefit pensions , though -- i like to be able to invest my retirement funds as i wish . 
  oh , and broadly , what industry are you in ? 
  what industry are you in ? 
  the warsaw rising and the heroism of the polish ak is one of the great untold tales of wwii -- maybe because of how poorly it reflects on the allied powers . 
  for people interested in learning more about it , i found the book * rising ' 44 : the battle for warsaw * to be fascinating . 
  wow , that cost overrun is crazy . 
  and lots of oil cash ( norway , at least ) . 
  zoos do n't count . 
  damn . 
  the flags confused me . 
  i thought you were op who said `` still does n't answer why you blow them rather than one of the many alternatives ! '', 
  generally i assume there 's 1 person from each country on / r/europe . 
  komorowski had better catch a shark or poland will get * no * respect . 
  well , you 're european . 
  there are n't leafblowers in europe . 
  everybody owns a leafblower , apparently ;-), 
  there is !, 
  it 's in the metrocentre -- or at least , it was there when i was living/staying there in 2010 . 
  totally agree about the fish and chips . 
  i 've tried it here in the us , and it 's just not the same at all . 
  edit : here it is : http://www.intumetrocentre.co.uk/shopping/store-finder/chiquito?foodcourt=1 it 's not * really * mexican food though . 
  depends on the family , i guess . 
  we usually have a 3-pie spread with apple , pecan , and pumpkin ( sometimes cherry instead of one of them ) . 
  us < --  uk . 
  i love black pudding . 
  it does not exist in the usa ( at least , it 's hard to find ) , and that makes me sad . 
  however , the uk does not know how to do good mexican food or barbecue . 
  the us has the latter on lock . 
  yes , but those of us with us flags are here to read about europe , not to answer questions about how we keep our lawns . 
  / r/gardening or / r/diy or something would be a much better place for this question . 
  maybe i 'll go to / r/southafrica and ask why germans tend not to own their homes . 
  everybody with a yard uses rakes ... haha , do you think americans do n't rake ? 
  it was ( and still is ) very popular around thanksgiving , i 've heard due to dutch influence . 
  i do n't know why it 's considered a cornerstone of american culture , though ... there are certainly other foods that are more uniquely american and better representative of the american food landscape . 
  i 'd say most people do n't use them on lawns , though . 
  people tend to rake lawns and blow sidewalks/driveways . 
  not everybody does . 
  i do n't know where op has the idea that everybody blows their leaves ... i blew them off paths and out of the garage because it was much faster . 
  keep in mind , american lawns and houses tend to be significantly larger than european ones . 
  i only leafblew off paths , too . 
  raking is generally more effective on grass . 
  when you have a relatively large yard or walkway , it * is * less effort with the same result . 
  source : doing yardwork when i was a teenager . 
  yep , the lack of sunlight kills the grass . 
  you could * not * design a more stereotypical fascist sculpture if you tried . 
  that 's incredible . 
  if you wrote another novel about the nation that contributed most positively to the modern human condition , i 'd argue that the united kingdom would be going for gold there , too . 
  and both positions are completely deserved ... it 's weird how that works . 
  thanks lithuania and/or belorus !, 
  this is one of the strangest reddit freakouts i 've seen in a while ... 
  disagreeing with the foreign policy of israel ! = badmouthing jews . 
   if they said what they really think , that jews are rats , that they should be exterminated , then they would get banned . 
  you 're the only person even beginning to imply something like that . 
   only country to mention sweden in their national anthem what about sweden ? 
  yep . 
  especially when the nkvd were murdering left and right the ak partisans who helped defeat the nazis . 
  then , they rewrote history , claiming the * communists * were the driving force behind the polish resistance . 
  i 'm really proud of american participation in world war ii , especially in the pacific theater and helping europe rebuild via the marshall plan . 
  but selling poland and the baltics to satan was a horrible thing . 
  rising '44 ( i think ) is a great book about this . 
  it 's written with a heavily pro-polish slant , but it , along with the museum , really turned me on to polish history . 
   the polish-born casimir pulaski and tadeusz kosciuszko were patriots in their homeland for their resistance to russian overlordship ; both were also american patriots , serving in the continental army during the revolutionary war as officers - pulaski dying in the defense of savannah in 1779 , and the military engineer kosciuszko surviving the conflict to be the first pole granted american citizenship . 
  i never knew that . 
  thanks , poland !, 
  also , an examination of the budget . 
  it 's shocking how much of government budgets are taken up by pensions , both public-sector workers ' pensions and oap ` ers pensions . 
  it 's really insane .
