  i 'll ask you what i 've been asking other people in this thread : do you honestly think it 's rational to suggest that the nsa would * care * if this girl au paired ? 
  do you really think that they would risk blowing their * flagship * program to show a single girl some facebook messages ? 
  why even show her ? 
  just deny her entry clearance . 
  it 's such an obviously bullshit idea , i 'm shocked that anyone here even gives it credence . 
  i guess it just shows an incredible amount of naivet\u00e9 about how borders work -- i 'd expect better than such idiotic speculation from / r/europe :(, 
  gay people can serve openly in the military . 
  the sodomy law had n't been enforced for years , lawrence v. texas was a case in which it was abused and finally struck down . 
  i 'm actually not sure if a fisa warrant is required for a non-us citizen -- for us citizens , or even phone taps inside the usa , a fisa ruling is required . 
  again , i do not know the requirements if they 're getting data from facebook -- a us company -- on a non-us citizen . 
  regardless , the usa does n't * need * any evidence to turn anyone away at the border -- if an immigration officer has a bad day they can tell someone to go back home ( same in any country ) . 
  the burden of proof would be tiny . 
  how do you think the conversation would go ? 
  do you really think a low level border agent would call the national security agency -- the most secretive and secure branch of the us intelligence service -- to ask them to check her facebook messages using a highly classified surveillance program ? 
  do you think the nsa would say `` sure , we 'll do it , we do n't have anything better to do '' ? 
  i think the concept of prism being used here is absolutely laughable . 
  let 's step back a second . 
  you 're asking if the united states government would compromise the operational security of their top-secret surveillance program by revealing to an 18-year-old german girl ( along with many low-level border agents ) that they are able to intercept private facebook communications . 
  you 're asking if a young german woman 's visa status is worth blowing a $ 30 million/year intelligence project . 
  you 're asking if her visa status is worth a fisa court order , and getting the most secretive , technologically advanced intelligence service of the united states involved * during a time of across-the-board budget cuts * in a small , routine border matter . 
  think about what you 're asking . 
  do you * really * believe the answer is `` yes '' ? 
  i will literally eat a hat if they used prism documents to pull her records . 
  seriously . 
  i think the likelihood is * so low * that i will eat a hat . 
  keep in mind , even prism requests still have to go through fisa courts . 
  that can take a while , and i * really * doubt a german au pair is important enough for a fisa warrant . 
  ummm ... you * clearly * have n't read the founding charter of the nsa . 
  they have three missions : information assurance for the us government , signals intelligence , and perhaps most importantly , ironclad protection of the us au pair program . 
   article actually mentions that she was prepared for questions at customs so she might not have been all that worried at all . 
  the initial questions , sure . 
  i 've been pulled aside at a border before ... it 's a really frightening experience . 
  this was in china , but it 's the same in the us and europe : they put you in a small room by yourself , and eventually an interrogator comes over and questions you . 
  they will occasionally look through your possessions , look over your passport , and it 's entirely likely that they 'd google `` jana h. '' while she 's there . 
  her facebook would probably show up , and maybe they saw `` woohoo , going to the us tomorrow to be an au pair ! '', 
  or wall posts/comments she made with her `` sponsor '', 
  bigger , as in more americans have the disposable income and are in a financial position to purchase a big-ticket item like a ps4 . 
  european vat is , in general , much higher than us tax ( 5-10 % ), 
  british vat is 20 % ... 
   considering the last couple of days with the leaks about the us spying you might want to readjust what you consider implausible :( i do n't at all consider mass surveillance implausible . 
  do you think they 'd risk the operational security of a huge surveillance program by showing an 18-year-old girl ( and tons of unqualified tsa/border personnel ) that they have the capability to find private facebook messages , though ? 
  would that be worth the risk of kicking out a young woman who might work for a bit then go back to germany ? 
  also , i 'm sure there is * tons * of illegal activity discussed over facebook chats ( i talk about weed with my friends sometimes ) . 
  i have heard of * no * other case in which a bust was made by private conversation . 
  i 'm just using occam 's razor here : yes , the spy thing is * extremely * concerning , but let 's be realistic . 
  i think what 's * far * more likely is that they showed an incredibly frightened , confused young girl who was traveling overseas for the first time some documents ( maybe from her phone , maybe a public facebook wall , who knows ) and she misinterpreted them . 
  edit : can you find any other sources for this story ? 
  unfortunately i do n't speak german , but is there * any * confirmation other than what she told this one paper ? 
  it reeks of journalistic hyperbole . 
  i doubt random german tourists were the targets , though . 
  i bet what happened is her facebook page was public , a border agent googled her name as they were interrogating her , and she communicated with her host family via wall posts . 
  she was planning on overstaying illegally anyway , and she fits the exact profile of an overstayer . 
  i really doubt the nsa cares whether someone 's going to be an au pair . 
  plus , they 'd have to run her name to see if she had a visa , alert whatever port she was flying into , etc. 
  it 's an occam 's razor situation , i guess . 
  as someone who is immigrating to the uk in august and travels there regularly to see my partner , the uk will kick your ass out for trying to do this kind of shit , too . 
  it never happened to me , but the forums i hang out in has a post every so often ( usually from a young american woman ) complaining about how she showed up to the border with little money , no return flight , and resumes in her suitcase . 
  edit : i say woman because , like it or not , border agents profile young western women . 
  they , apparently , have a really high rate of overstaying their visas in other western countries . 
  i 've played a fair amount of kerbal space program , maybe the moon is next ? 
  wait a minute ... do you think the nsa reads the private facebook communications of * every european tourist arriving in the us * -- and not only that , they concern themselves enough with a minor immigration incident that they notified border security due to someone possibly working as an au pair ? 
  this story sounds fairly implausible to me , to be honest ... 
  totally , the united states only having legalized gay marriage in 12 of 50 states is exactly the same as russian children and police openly beating the shit out of a homosexual rights activist and the duma passing laws making any positive mention of homosexuality illegal . 
  exactly the same . 
  real good point there , buddy . 
  that kind of shit does a great disservice to the suffering of the lgbt community in russia and the strength of the lgbt community in the us ( i live in san francisco , which has one or two gay people within its borders ) . 
  `` you mean i just have to kiss another guy and i 'll get german citizenship ? 
  come here , vladislav , take one for the team . '', 
  some people in this subreddit seem to think it 's easy as pie to build a technology sector to rival silicon valley ... 
  of course . 
  do you have any understanding of us law ? 
  only non-us citizens were targeted by the program because the nsa is not legally permitted to spy on american citizens . 
  and the intelligence was shared with european governments -- do you honestly believe they 'd be ok with it if they suspected industrial espionage ? 
  and to your second point , huge citation needed . 
  it was suspected in one case , but there was nowhere near conclusive evidence . 
  in fact there is much stronger evidence that the french government engages in industrial espionage . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  economic rivalry ? 
  with china , maybe . 
  the usa and germany are economic partners . 
  of course they wo n't . 
  uk and the netherlands got access to prism data , i 'm sure they 're not the only ones . 
  the last thing they want is this thing spreading out of control . 
  awww , europe . 
  we 're just one big , not-so-happy , privacy-hatin ' family . 
  yeah , that 's exactly why europe is mad at china at the moment over solar panels . 
  if my dog had wheels , he 'd be a wagon . 
  and you europeans say we 're selfish and warlike . 
  we * do * share our toys !, 
  ah , i 've seen paulaner quite a bit !, 
  now that i think of it , i 've actually had an american doppelbock that i 've really enjoyed , i 'll definitely pick up some paulaner . 
  i 'll stop by my the local beer/liquor store and peruse the german aisle to see if i can find any of those breweries . 
  thanks !, 
  i should definitely give german beer another chance ; germany does n't get a reputation as the king of beer for nothing . 
  i consider `` light '' to be something like a pilsner or helles lager , that sort of thing . 
  they tend to have a. . . `` lighter '' , i guess , taste than the dunkels or altbiers . 
  off the top of my head , i 've tried weihenstephaner hefeweissbier and weihenstephaner original . 
  i 've tried a few more , but i ca n't think of the names ... 
  i really like one of the altbeirs i tried , though . 
  i think , for me , i 'm not as much a fan of light beers .
