  there have n't been any since ww2 though ), 
  i find people in the british service industry to be lovely ... 
  drink , play football , dance , chat , go to parties ... probably the same kind of stuff you would do in denmark . 
  kiev is a dynamic and fun city :-), 
  it completely depends where you 're from . 
  i 'm an american living in the uk , and adapting here has been extremely easy as our cultures are so similar . 
  someone completely unfamiliar with british customs would find it fairly difficult , i 'd imagine . 
  i guess it depends on where you 're from in the states . 
  in the southeast there 's a tendency to smile at strangers or tell them `` hello '' ; the famous scandinavian standoffishness may be strange at first . 
  i ca n't imagine someone from new england having * too * much difficulty though ... 
  us bureaucracy takes longer , but the immigration process is much more generous . 
  she 'd be eligible for permanent residency after 2 years , citizenship after 3 . 
  they 're not allowed . 
  hah , just wait until you hear about immigration rules . 
  for my partner to sponsor me to move to the uk ( she 's british ) , we spent around 1000 pounds for the application alone -- about 1300 all told . 
  i 'm not eligible for * any * benefits ( jobseekers , etc. ), 
  for 5 years . 
  if she were french , austrian , german , irish , polish ... * anything * else and living in the uk , the cost to bring me there would be ... 0 pounds . 
  and i 'd be eligible for benefits from day 1 . 
  the lesson ? 
  if you fall in love with someone and want to bring them to the uk , do n't be british !, 
  i 'm an american who * just * moved from san francisco to the uk !, 
  i do n't know if i count since i 'm not a native european , but i 'd be happy to send her a postcard from southampton . 
  huh , i had always heard squirrels do n't often carry rabies . 
  i think people are proud to be american , but irish-american ( for example ) and italian-american groups were , until quite recently , not really integrated into us society , to the point where they have their own cultural traditions . 
  i hesitate to call them an ethnic group . . maybe shared ethnicity ? 
  however , it * is * distinct from their original ethnicity . 
  an irish-american has a lot in common with other irish americans and some very important differences from italian americans ... however , they do n't share too much in common with an irish person either . 
  i get why people call themselves irish-americans , but there 's been tons of really positive artistic and technological accomplishments by irish/italian americans that i think they should identify with irish-american culture rather than irish culture as they share plenty of roots with ia culture . 
  i do n't know if my ramble makes sense ... but i think a separate i-a ethnicity makes more sense and makes * both * groups happy . 
  are bears heavy carriers and spreaders of rabies ? 
  when i lived back in the states , the usual suspects were possums and raccoons . 
  i 'd imagine there it 'd be foxes , maybe ? 
  i think the us definitely has a culture -- there are foods , dialects , works of art , and practices unique to the united states . 
  however , the us has been divided for a while along lines of heritage ( i.e. 
  `` irish need not apply '' ) , so there 's definitely a unique irish-american shared cultural experience . 
  even though irishamericans are a unique group , those who try to identify with * actual * irish are pretty annoying . 
  it 's about reciprocal agreements -- the us has some agreement with nz and aus , i believe , meaning we can go there for w&t , but no such agreement with the uk . 
  the us has the j2 ( i think ) visa , which allows some foreign students to do a work and travel here . 
  it would n't be a particularly * great * way to live , though , not if you want to experience europe . 
  you 'd be able to * survive * but it 'd be no way to spend a holiday . 
  [ you 're right , there are a few nations that allow it ... it does n't appear to be connected to commonwealth status ] ( http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visas-immigration/working/tier5/youthmobilityscheme/ ) . 
  we 're eligible for a few working holiday visas -- aus and nz , at least -- but i 'm not sure if americans are eligible for any in europe . 
  and there are loads for australians , it should n't be an issue then . 
  regardless , op could try that , but s/he 'd have to work -- you probably could n't survive on 850 pounds/month . 
  probably so . 
  i do n't know when the reset date is -- i did n't look into it too much as americans are n't eligible for a youth mobility visa ( i believe it 's only commonwealth nations ) . 
  i know the quota is somewhat small though , in the lower four digits . 
  then again , ai n't no way you 're living on 1000 euros/month in the uk . 
  i have zero idea what visas like that for e. european countries are like . 
  this is true , it 's a little easier for australians than others . 
  i think , in the uk at least , there 's a quota so the application should be made asap . 
  plus , afaik , the visa comes with some specific terms about work . 
  rural ukraine is extremely cheap . 
  you 'll need to learn a new language though . 
  more importantly , do you have your visa situation sorted out yet ? 
  as a non-eu citizen living in the uk , it 'd definitely not easy to just show up plop down . 
  yes i actually agree with the curry house being uniquely british . 
  its just the cognitive dissonance of that subreddit i find infuriating ... britain can adapt dishes from immigrant cultures , but when america does it it 's theft . 
  i did n't either , but them 's the breaks for us immigrants :( got ta impress that ukip crowd somehow eh ? 
  i do n't !, 
  however , i know that , over the past year , life as an immigrant to the uk has changed dramatically for the worse . 
  i now have to wait much longer before gaining permanent residency or citizenship , immigration controls have tightened to be by far the strictest in europe , fees have increased to ridiculous amounts , steps are put into the process * for no other reason * than making the visa process difficult to meet immigration quotas , and the government are seriously considering making immigrants pay for nhs ( which we already do via national insurance ) and get lower priority for organ donations . 
  so , no reading of the daily mail required , unfortunately . 
  just keeping up with the law . 
  it 's funny , they 'll downvote any suggestion that certain styles of pizza ( i.e. 
  chicago deep dish ) are american in origin , but god help you if you say that curry is n't british !, 
  yeah , it seems like subscribers to that subreddit are perfectly happy to spread ignorance as long as it feeds their narrative . 
  for example , when there are threads about american food , it 's inevitable that someone will pop up and say `` americans think they invented cooking meat over a fire ! '', 
  ( referring to barbecue ) ... when americans are actually referring to a [ specific dish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbecue_in_the_united_states ) . 
  also , a fair few still believe the `` american beer is like sex in a canoe '' thing ... as a homebrewer and someone who 's met and heard about the struggles of american craft brewers , that 's the only one that * really * gets my goat . 
  i do n't know why they need to make stuff up ; there 's plenty of dumb nationalistic bullshit to link to without having to be ridiculous about it . 
  she has !, 
  we 're living in eastleigh now  not the * nicest * place in the world , but definitely a step up . 
  we 're considering a move to winchester though , where we 'll really be living in style ( also , poor as fuck ) . 
  i doubt she 'll be escaping from me . 
  i 've hidden the key pretty well and stainless steel chains are n't easy to break ( or is that too austrian ? ), 
  dobro !, 
  ja ne razumijem , `` fuck you bro '' ili `` fuck it bro '' ? 
  it 's happening in the states , too . 
  there are measles , etc. 
  outbreaks in washington and oregon that have killed children due to failing herd immunity because idiot parents would n't vaccinate their kids . 
  [ check out this site to see how damaging it can be . 
  ] ( http://www.jennymccarthybodycount.com/anti-vaccine_body_count/home.html ), 
  i guess not . 
  i meant how it 's used , as an emphatical word ... but upon reflection , probably not . 
  sounds like `` bro '', 
  us - american exceptionalism in all its forms ( pledge at school , pandering politicians , etc ) . 
  broken campaign finance system allowing big spenders to wield inordinate influence in politics . 
  electoral college . 
  mississippi ( just kidding ... maybe ) uk - anti-immigrant hysteria . 
  bald-faced populism among certain parties . 
  * so * many chain pubs . 
  beer in clear bottles . 
  oddly enough my girlfriend grew up in hemel and knows that guy . 
  this story , apparently , is not surprising . 
  most submissions in that sub are pretty funny , but a lot of the commentors there are just as stereotyping as the people they mock ( and there 's a fair amount of ignorance pandered about unfortunately ) . 
  its definitely gone downhill imo . 
  tripe is delicious too !, 
  honestly the only taco i 've tried that i actually did n't like is brain .
