  nope  devs are getting really tough to find these days unfortunately . 
  what is your background ? 
  the company i work for in london is looking for developers and having a very hard time finding people . 
  i checked on friday for another person and they 're happy to sponsor visas for americans ( i 'm assuming you 're american ? ) . 
  if you pm me we can chat about your experience and i maybe can pass your cv along . 
  full disclosure , there 's a # 6k recruitment bonus when devs refer other devs :-), 
  if eesti can not into nordic , then nordic can into eesti . 
  depends on who you hang out with i think . 
  many of my friends are mountaineers and climbers and the usa is always at or near the top of their list for the huge amount and variety of wilderness areas . 
  i really enjoyed the idiot . 
  to give context to the bnp vote numbers , both the monster raving looney party and the cannabis is less harmful than alcohol party got more than double the votes than the bnp . 
  fresh blood ... maybe russell brand ? 
  black pudding is the best part !, 
  i 'll get skewered for this , but i prefer streaky bacon . 
  when i get a full breakfast i 'll usually substitute the back bacon for extra black pudding . 
  to be honest i prefer the black pudding to either . 
  out of curiosity , would you consider japan civilized ? 
   if you drink much alcohol your problem is n't likely to be calories . 
  what if you * do n't * drink much alcohol ? 
  i do n't go out and get properly drunk that often anymore , but i like to have a glass of red wine or beer with my dinner every now and again . 
  surely i should have the same nutritional information for that part of my meal as i would for the potatoes , fish , or even a glass of fruit juice . 
  what makes alcoholic drinks special ? 
  these types of agreements are already in force in the many other trade deals that the eu has already signed ( and even within the eu itself ) . 
  the european economy has n't really been affected by them much at all . 
  honestly they 're a pretty low impact , routine part of trade deals . 
  interestingly enough , it 's actually european corporations who file by far the greatest amount of international dispute cases . 
  american corporations do n't use these treaties nearly as much . 
  there were a lot of americans on european soil in italy prior to d-day . 
  in my city we have a jewry street . 
  absolutely not . 
  i 've worked in silicon valley and now work in london . 
  the two are incomparable : london definitely has a startup/entrepreneurial scene , but it 's nowhere near the scale of silicon valley . 
  yeah exactly . 
  the transition from police -  hearse -  ambulance makes no sense . 
  in fact it took me a bit to realize what the hearse actually was . 
  it would have been better if op used a marked-to-market usd or eur value on the y-axis rather than percentage change . 
  it started off with good intentions and some of the regulars there are still quite good , but unfortunately as it 's grown it 's come to emulate the same ignorance and nastiness it was founded to mock , with many there making massively generalized , inaccurate and overbroad statements about the american people and the country . 
  i hate to agree with theapplemansam as he 's a massive dickhead but there 's a huge portion of the sub that have honestly come to hold some quite ignorant views based off their rhetoric . 
  out of curiosity , did you study in west or east ukraine ? 
  you also have n't halved the expanded version :-), 
  ah yes , the famously american institutions like the bbc and cern shoving this down our throat . 
  note to lithuanians : if the american troops offer you blankets , say no !, 
  move to san francisco or nyc then . 
  they 're about as religious as london . 
  jamaica comes off as a chilled out country , but they have a frankly sickening and aggressive attitude toward homosexuality -- male homosexuality is currently illegal there . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_jamaica it 's worth a read , though it is quite sad . 
  only americans ? 
  you must be new to / r/europe ... 
  you ca n't really use wind power as a baseload source due to variability , unlike coal , geothermal , hydro , nuclear , etc. 
  my girlfriend is english . 
  in london yeah , but they 're in general not as good as what i could get in san francisco . 
  i lived in a district of the city with a lot of southeast asian immigrants and the food was just awesome . 
  edit : the thai here is pretty good on second thought but i do miss the huge amount of vietnamese places . 
  i moved from san francisco to a european country ( despite what nigel thinks ) so i may not be what you 're looking for , but there are certain foods i miss ( pit bbq , decent mexican food , small vietnamese and thai places , creole food ) . 
  also i do n't know if i 've just been unlucky but i do n't like how steaks are cooked here . 
  i miss my american salary too !, 
  i miss the natural areas of the western us as well . 
  england has some pretty national parks but they do n't compare to what you can get in the states unfortunately . 
  wales and scotland ( especially the latter ) are really nice though . 
  i live in southern england so i ca n't get out there too often . 
  obviously i miss my friends and family the most but that wo n't be so interesting for anyone else :-) it sounds negative due to the topic , but i do love living here, 
  the associativity confused me for a bit :-) . 
  there 's a danish-american football team ? 
  seems quite specific ... 
  mikhail saakashvili is pretty well known . 
  there 's also ... errrr ... the other guy . 
  what in the world does the moon have to do with free trade and economics ? 
  bush did n't have the massive approval ratings that putin does . 
  there was a huge internal debate going on leading up to the iraqi invasion . 
  such a debate is n't happening in russia now . 
  there 's a massive jump downward when you look at countries by population . 
  usa is 3rd at 320 million , then it jumps almost 4x to india at ~ 1.25 billion . 
  i think people tend to underestimate the population of the eu and of europe : 500 and 750 million respectively . 
  i just finished * training for the new alpinism * -- a fantastic book for anyone interested in endurance athletics , although it 's definitely alpinism-focused . 
  it 's an evidence-based approach to training that hopefully should yield some good results . 
  i 'm reading * the way of kings * by brandon sanderson at the moment -- a good relaxing fantasy read . 
  the old testament is really interesting to me . 
  if you 're able to cut away all the cultural significance of it and approach it as a near eastern mythical text , it 's fascinating . 
  i 'd recommend getting some context on other contemporary near eastern civilizations before reading -- the parallels are fascinating . 
  a walk in the woods is fantastic , definitely one of my favorites . 
  i 've been reading it on-and-off for a couple weeks , i quite like it so far :-), 
  r+l = j ? 
  it 's quite ironic that the government hosts far-right neofascist parties like golden dawn while at the same time claiming ukraine is crawling with fascists . 
  i hear they lynch negroes !, 
  i 'm not sure a union of stable economic superstars like russia , turkmenistan , and uzbekistan * needs * a trojan horse . 
  should n't that be erdogacare ? 
  only if you can take them yourself . 
  i bought a video card in the us last year and took it back in my carry-on after visiting my parents for christmas . 
  that worked out well . 
  actually [ the usa also delivers the homosexuality and decadence . ], 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gay_bomb ), 
  right , i 'm using `` beat '' to mean be higher than . 
  uk would definitely beat norway with a ppp-adjusted cigarette price . 
  i feel similarly as an american coming to the uk . 
  i find i really prefer working with my dutch and german colleagues : people are much more direct , and you can give criticism or a simple `` no '' without all the puffery of `` oh yes that 's really quite nice but ... '', 
  for what it 's worth , i find most british people to be just as uninformed about world events as americans . 
  `` let me tell you about your country ... '', 
  weird , i think the opposite . 
  almond-eyed , olive-skinned beauties . 
  also ( or perhaps as a consequence ) there are loads of very cheap flights from nyc and boston to dublin .
