  with almost all the experts saying we should stay in , why is leave doing so well , and what could remain have done over the past few months to counter it ? 
  thanks so much for doing the ama , thanks for campaigning for remain , and i hope we 'll still see a united european union day after tomorrow !, 
  do n't forget nickelback !, 
  i 'm sure netflix would love to have that content . 
  it 's not like they 're consciously pushing some pro-hollywood anti-eu agenda . 
  getting streaming rights is a very complex , expensive process . 
  well , if they supply sub par service then the problem will fix itself . 
  there 's no reason to stay in a market if there are n't any consumers . 
  really ? 
  i often see the uk 's place shown on british publications , even if they 're not in the top , say , 10 . 
  if it 's a british publication for british consumption , does n't it make sense to show britain 's position on the list ? 
  it 's `` spritzer '' ( or `` wine spritzer '' ) in english as well . 
  literally every country operates this way when issuing tourist visas . 
  my girlfriend is taller than i am . 
  i 'm a shorty though , just 170 . 
  you could even do a ghetto 2fa with something like that . 
  have a simple password you remember , like `` beanbags '' , and a long one you write down and carry around , like `` hdwl$&amp;@+jj ( ) aks '' . 
  your full password is `` beanbagshdwl$&amp;@+jj ( ) aks '', 
  i guess the difference is that a ferry ticket can be retailed along with a rail ticket by a train company while they would n't retail a flight . 
  also he 's wrong about honey , there are definitely regulations in the usa that determine what you can and ca n't call honey . 
  do n't worry , all those are absolutely on my list . 
  i am hoping to walk some of the cinque terre path and eat some focaccia for lunch . 
  as i 've said earlier , unfortunately we do n't have too much time in genoa ( we 're heading to vernazza the next day ) but i want to get a delicious ligurian meal in and at least one of the big sights . 
  i 'm very excited -- i 've literally been googling italian food at my desk at work , 
  thank you for the advice !, 
  we only have a day there as we 're heading to vernazza the next day , but we 'll definitely try to get something in while we are there . 
  do you have recommendations of things to do in genova ? 
  my girlfriend and i will be there for a bit . 
  i 'd like to eat at locanda degli adorno and maybe check out the aquarium but other than that have no plans . 
  emigration good , immigration bad !, 
  i visited ukraine years ago now ( when crimea was not occupied ) and it was lovely . 
  i never made it out west but i want to go there at some point . 
  yeah , i got this book for christmas and i 'd highly recommend it . 
  like you said , i think that his comments about the backwater state of europe is specifically due to him attempting to challenge the existing popular mental model of history . 
  i think it has to be viewed as not only a history book but almost a persuasive essay . 
  it did n't bother me , particularly , but like you i definitely noticed it . 
  because it 's not * always * good policy . 
  household debt is not like sovereign debt . 
  not immortal , they just tend to have a longer lifespan . 
  in russia , those people just * happen * to be journalists . 
  i do n't know , he seems like a neoliberal to me , in a positive way . 
  he 's for open markets and free trade , which i quite like : france could do with a bit less protectionism . 
   your colleges ... let 's just say their quality is questionable interesting , do you have any actual statistics about this ? 
  us post-secondary education is quite good , even world-class . 
  us secondary and primary education varies widely by state , but pisa scores in many states are also world-class . 
  erm ... have you studied us foreign policy historically ? 
  the us has always been in favor of a strong , united europe up until the current administration . 
  in fact the obama administration really wanted to cut down on us involvement in europe and shift to the pacific , but the inability of european powers to handle russia or the air campaigns in libya hampered that . 
  there are other - stans that are n't independent states , e.g. 
  i 've been to mongolia . 
  the wilderness and countryside are * lovely * and absolutely worth the trip . 
  ulanbaatar is ... not lovely though, 
  depends . 
  basically you have to pay the difference between the tax you pay in the congo and the tax you would pay in federal taxes in the usa , after some deductions . 
  so , for example , if you 're living in norway you 'd never owe anything in us taxes . 
  the idea is to prevent a situation like , for example , a hedge fund manager moving to the caymans and paying nothing in tax . 
   your daughter will have to pay bucketloads of money when she starts working , lol . 
  no , this is not true . 
  source : american living abroad . 
  you have to * file * but i 've never paid any american tax while living abroad . 
  people have been making the nanny assumption a lot ... 
  having lived in two of those places , standard of living at those salaries completely depends on where you 're located . 
  all in all though i 'd say it 'd be about equivalent between the us and uk . 
  never lived in india , but i do n't think it 's really comparable at all ... to expand : the american would most likely be able to afford more and have a bigger house/more expensive car , but the british person at that income level would likely have more time off and would n't have to pay an additional amount of insurance . 
  both are sufficient for a middle class lifestyle , unless of course they live in london/new york/etc . 
   but the most commonly used hop varieties over there are heavy and musty in taste . 
  i find the * exact * opposite . 
  hops like cascade , centennial , citra etc. 
  tend to have a more evergreeny or citrusy taste , while fuggles , goldings , and most of the hop varieties i 've tried grown in the uk tend to have a more musty , earthy taste . 
  that 's not to say one is better than the other -- i love beer made from both . 
  i 'm just surprised you 'd say european hops are less musty than american . 
  i mean they 're decent , especially with gravy , but they 're nothing to lose your mind over . 
  especially when you compare it to the unique foods of other european countries , especially those from the south e.g. 
  spain , italy , france . 
  how in the world is that uniquely british , though ? 
  it 's roast meat ( which exists in every country ) , roast vegetables/potatoes ( ditto ) , gravy ... yorkshire puddings are unique but they 're not * that * great . 
  i like the link !, 
  it reminds me why i support the lib dems : pragmatism and empiricism over ideology . 
  how does market socialism differ from a nordic-model capitalist state with a strong safety net ? 
  i think neoliberalism is not a well defined term as used in popular speech at all . 
  it seems to be something that is used as a stand-in for `` economic policy i disagree with '' . 
  but anyway there are a lot of people who agree that transnational capitalism and free trade are , all in all , a good thing . 
  even if you do n't , a laissez-faire voice is very important to have in a government . 
  diversity of ideas is good , and if someone argues a position with facts and honesty , that 's a really great thing . 
  wow , i like your idea about garlic/parsley in the freezer . 
  i like the parmesan just because it gives it a little cheesy consistency . 
  it 's good without it too . 
  i like 'em original : two corn tortillas , slow-cooked beef tongue , chopped onions , cilantro . 
  [ yummmmm ] ( http://assets.simplyrecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/tacos-de-lengua-b.jpg ), 
  i 've made some spaghetti aglio e olio recently that turned out alright . 
  the flavors are fairly subtle so use good ingredients . 
  it makes a nice quick treat . 
  i 'm fairly imprecise with my measurements , but it usually turns out alright . 
  ingredients : * spaghetti - enough for two to four people * olive oil - between 70 and 120ml depending on how much spaghetti * garlic - 6-8 cloves , sliced in flat discs * chili flakes - small spoonful * parsley - handful , freshly chopped , plus extra to garnish * parmesan or your favorite hard italian cheese e.g. 
  pecorino - handful ( optional and not really traditional , but i like it ) plus extra to garnish , grated method : * salt and bring to the boil some water in a pan . 
  add the pasta . 
  * add the olive oil to a pan over gentle heat . 
  add the garlic . 
  do n't burn it , ya dingus . 
  cook it slowly until it just starts to go golden .
