  i had n't heard about that . 
  h1bs , temporary work permits . 
  i live in the uk and i do n't have permanent residency ( ilr ) . 
  the foreign legion accepts * anyone * who can make it to training ( providing you meet their tough physical standards ) . 
  i read `` interventions '' as `` inventions '' at first . 
  personally , i think the latter would be far more interesting -- that 's the kind of cooperation i * really * want to see between the nations of europe and the united states . 
  tactical drum circles . 
  france is the only developed nation i can think of that lets foreigners sign up to serve . 
  it happens in the us to an extent , but the soldier must have permanent residency . 
  i like winter and snow ; i visited lithuania in january and loved it . 
  i 'm also ( originally ) from a place in the us where it 'd never get cold ( very rarely below 0 , snows once every ~ 2-3 years ) , so it 's a nice experience . 
  you serious ? 
  have you looked into getting a visa to the us lately ? 
  try going to a us embassy and say `` i 'm a poor vietnamese farmer and i 'd like to move to the us to put a business idea to work . '', 
  call me if you get a visa . 
   terrorism is n't an alien concept i can judge from a far-away shelter like most people do . 
  the thing is , that 's what i feel like some english people are doing . 
  they 're acting as if some weight has been put on some cosmic balance , as if it 's some giant game where real lives have n't been ruined . 
  there are people without feet , legs , arms , and daughters to whom it 's not a game at all . 
  nobody here is excusing the ira for what they did , or the americans who supported them with money and firearms . 
  terrorism -- well , any targeting of civilians -- is an absolute moral wrong ; i think ( hope ) we 're all in agreement about that . 
  the issue is the way people are reacting to the bombings . 
  it 's fair enough that people might say the us 's or uk 's foreign policy * led * to a bombing , that 's one thing . 
  however , saying `` they deserved it '' or being glad that it occurred ? 
  that , to me , is sick ... and it appears that 's what is going on here . 
  interesting . 
  it 's 19 % in the usa , but that 's only for cigarettes . 
  i did notice it seems like more people smoke in the uk than the us , but there 's no smoking indoors ( except in private residences ) so it does n't really bother me . 
  shut up . 
  i 'm an idiot , i was thinking of kansas/missouri/oklahoma as the midwest . 
  i forgot the great lakes region , 
  i do n't have a `` compatriot '' . 
  i think the ira was a straight-up terrorist group , and those who chose to fund them were absolutely , 100 % in the wrong . 
  i 'm not excusing those who passed the buckets around in boston at all : they 100 % have the blood of tim parry and others staining their hands . 
  if i gave off the opposite impression , i apologize : any group who intentionally targets civilians is * not ok * by me . 
  however , it was * their fault * and * their * mistake . 
  the 8-year-old boy , chinese exchange student , and young girl who were killed on that day , along with the * many * others who lost limbs or suffered severe psychological and physical injuries had * nothing * to do with the ira . 
  nor did the vast majority of the bostonian public who had to deal with the aftermath of the bombing . 
  i absolutely empathize with the victims of the ira bombings , and i think it 's horrible that there were people in boston who supported their bloody campaign of violence and terror against british civilians . 
  however , i had friends who were affected by the boston bombing , so when i see people say they `` deserved it '' or it 's some sort of cosmic justice , it really gets on my nerves . 
  boston 's a huge city , home of harvard and mit . 
  it 's some ira boot camp -- * real * people had their lives changed . 
  again , imagine how you 'd feel if you logged onto reddit after an ira bombing and saw people saying `` well , they kinda deserved it for all the british did in northern ireland . '', 
  you 'd think they were horribly unempathetic and you 'd probably be pretty angry -- and you 'd be 100 % in the right , because comments like that ignore the true human cost of the tragedy , instead chalking them up on some ignorant city-based blame game . 
  oh , * fuck * off sessions . 
  keep your mouth shut and stop giving us a bad name , please . 
  also , learn some military history . 
  the french are * incredibly * successful warriors . 
  are there currently eu nations where the right to a lawyer does not currently exist ? 
  your point does n't make sense . 
  because * some * bostonians funded terrorism , it 's therefore karmic justice that an international marathon is attacked and someone sets bombs off in the middle of a crowd ? 
  if a minority of londoners were funding al-qaeda , i 'd imagine there * would * be people with the same smug sense of self-satisfaction that you and other commentors are showing right now . 
  that does n't make the americans who 'd feel that way * any less stupid * than the british who are doing the same . 
  i feel the exact same sort of antipathy towards those who nodded their head and felt satisfaction at the 1996 manchester bombing ( though i was too young to feel anything about it then ) . 
  it 's disgusting and it is completely disrespectful to the victims . 
  `` mass retribution '' is an idiotic ideal -- it 's the same sense taken to an extreme that fueled the ira bombings , 9/11 attacks , or haditha massacre . 
  some americans . 
  * very * important qualifier . 
  some people in the islamic community have sympathies with terror groups -- they 're definitely the minority of people , but they exist . 
  when the edl goes nuts and burns down a mosque , i do n't sit back in my chair and think `` hmm , serves them * right * for supporting 9/11 ! '', 
  that would be incredibly stupid and insensitive . 
   and there are still people ... sorry , i 'll qualify that , americans , who do n't view the ira as terrorists , who view their actions as `` freedom fighting '' against the tyrannical british some people feel that way in ireland too ; how would you feel if a bomb went off in dublin ? 
  and that is * by no means * a universally held opinion by americans -- i view the pira as a horrible terrorist group , as do * most * americans . 
  the fact is , you just watch too much tv . 
  and the idiots who went on about pearl harbor in japan were also a minority -- just like the idiots who went on about the small minority of americans who funded the pira after the boston bombing . 
  there are people in afghanistan who supported the attacks on 9/11 . 
  a minority , to be sure , but still people ... and do i feel a smug sense of karmic justice when civilians are killed over there ? 
  absolutely not ; i recognize both as horrific tragedies that should n't have happened . 
  jeez . 
  you watch a few tv shows , form this idea of what `` america '' thinks ( i had no idea entire geopolitical entities could have conscious opinions , fancy that !, 
  ) , and spout off bullshit on reddit about how boston got its due . 
  sheer , utter ignorance . 
  oh god , i 'm an american home brewer and that makes me rage but at the same time ... that 's really quite funny . 
  when people think of british food , they think of god-awful , bland , beige stuff . 
  we both know that is n't the case . 
  stereotypes are very often wrong , as they are here . 
  i think a lot of british people do n't understand that the us has some pretty amazing beer these days . 
  [ check out the top 50 on ratebeer ] ( http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/top-50/ ) -- there are some fantastic brews being made in the usa that rank right up there with the best in the world . 
  i also stick to real ales when i go to the pub , and they 're really good . 
  it 's not like we do n't have similar ales in the us , though ... and op 's point , about going to bars without * any * microbrews ... well , it sounds like he 's just going to the wrong bars . 
  i 've been to pubs here that only serve tetley 's , carlsberg , tuborg , stella and all the usual , without a single ale in the mix . 
  san francisco is a great beer destination , too . 
  lots of local breweries ( lagunitas , though they 're big enough that they could be considered international ; russian river ; anchor ; 21st amendment , etc. 
  ) , and close enough to both portland and san diego to get great stuff from either . 
  it 's pretty sad . 
  the `` american beer/water '' joke is kinda like the `` british food sucks '' stereotype : true 30 years ago , but belies a pretty massive ignorance about the modern state of food/beer in the world . 
  ehhhh , as an american living in the uk , i only disagree with the notion that the uk is any better -- it 's just the same situation . 
  the vast majority of beer drunk here too is horse piss . 
  carling , stella , and fosters ( most popular beer in the uk ) are no better than bud , miller , or coors -- hell , when i go to the pub , i see a * lot * of people drinking budweiser !, 
  the uk has good beers , but , when i moved here , i was shocked that virtually everyone in my age range ( 25 ) drank the shitty macro lagers . 
  our beer culture is about the same , honestly . 
  edit : us beer is also highly regional ... were you in the midwest ? 
  brewing culture is n't quite as strong over there . 
  you 'd really need to go to the west coast before you make any sweeping statements ... 
  ah , a comment from the utter pits of ignorance . 
  a very small minority of bostonians felt that way . 
  it 's an extremely international city and the people killed had nothing to do with the ira . 
  this smug self-satisfaction british redditors get just does n't make sense ... why ca n't we acknowledge that * both * the troubles and the boston bombing were horrible tragedies and should n't have happened ? 
  honestly , you 're not really any better than an american redneck cheering the deaths of afghan civilians . 
  honestly that sort of thing is n't common in the us .
