  sometimes i want to just eat or look around in a shop without being asked `` can i help you with something ? 
  well , this is a bit like the us vs. uk violent crime statistics . 
  the united states defines infant mortality more broadly than europe , and therefore overreports infant mortality when compared with many nations in europe . 
  in the states , as long as the baby has actually left the mother and takes any independent action ( i.e. 
  takes a single breath on its own ) it 's considered alive and therefore subject to infant mortality , whereas in many european nations if a baby dies during the birthing process it 's considered stillborn and therefore not measured as part of infant mortality stats . 
  thankfully , the percentages given are so low that infant mortality in both nations can be considered a rounding error . 
  ( ps , did you read the article ? 
  the headline is satirical , it 's not against the process at all ), 
   stupid journal * the atlantic * is not at all a `` stupid journal '' . 
  you should read it more , seriously . 
  there 's some fascinating articles in there . 
  i 'm with you on this . 
  it would be one thing if the us and europe were on entirely different economic levels ( something like the us and vietnam ) . 
  we 're all first-world , developed ( or quickly developing ) economies , and breaking down trade barriers would do wonders for our respective nations . 
  your comment sounds like the ramblings of a crazy person . 
   wages in the eu are on a higher level , which prevents us from having a society in which 50 % of the people are having problems with buying food . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean here ? 
  median and mean wages are significantly higher in the us , with a much lower cost of living . 
   wages in the eu are on a higher level , which prevents us from having a society in which 50 % of the people are having problems with buying food . 
  haha , is this a joke ? 
   the conditions in the us allow corporations to keep wages and production costs low . 
  the efta works , because its is regulated to keep us from racint to the bottom too much . 
  you realize the us has the 3rd-highest hdi in the world , right ( just behind australia and norway ) ? 
  i do n't know what you 've been reading , but the us is n't some no-man 's wasteland where people beg for below-minimum-wage jobs at factories so they can fight like dogs for scraps of healthcare and prescriptions thrown onto the work floor by fat , rich capitalists in penguin suits and top hats . 
  there are issues at the bottom tail , but the vast majority of americans live really nice lives . 
  you really need to back up your claims ... you 're not making any sense , and economic data really disagrees with your point . 
  let me guess , you get most of your facts about the states from / r/politics . 
   election , election , election is the election for the storting ? 
  are there any big shifts expected ? 
  sorry for the question barrage , just curious  i have n't heard any news about the norwegian election . 
  lol ... i get a lot of identical answers when speaking to my british friends , 
  sometimes i feel like gmo myths are europe 's version of creationism . 
  if that were true , any intelligent farmer would simply choose not to use those seeds and instead use non-gmo seeds . 
  the fact is , gmo seeds increase production to the point that they handily beat non-gmo , reseeded plants . 
  let the farmers decide , not the bureaucrats . 
   ice cubes in beer ( only barbarians put ice in beer ! ), 
  holy hell , i can get on board with the plastic cups thing , but i must assure you that is not the norm !, 
  you still have publicly funded c of e schools that put on nativities , say prayers , and teach re as the gospel truth , though . 
  that kinda shocked me . 
  we 're more religious , but we do n't allow it in public schools . 
  maybe it 's time for an anschluss schweiz ? 
  i 'm surprised at 15 . 
  usually it 's quite rude to talk about how much you earn . 
  though , you were in new york ... were they in finance , by chance ? 
  i guess it depends on the party . 
  usually when i go to a smaller house party everyone should bring alcohol , but you can drink whatever 's brought . 
  if it 's larger , it 's polite to bring alcohol , but it 's fine if you do n't ( i.e. 
  if you 've just come off the street ) . 
  this is true , but we do n't pump up our population numbers because of it . 
  and it usually manifests itself in `` hail scandinavia ! '', 
  rather than `` scandinavia * sucks * '', 
  i believe it 's called a double irish , correct ? 
  i may be completely wrong on what a double irish is , it just sounds pretty cool . 
  edit : apparently a double irish is slightly more complex , but apple uses that strategy to get around some tax . 
  interestingly enough , you can also add in a few other shell companies to make a double irish with a dutch sandwich . 
  tax-avoidance schemes make surprisingly catchy lunch menu items . 
  yeah , it 's not known here because we 're not a contestant . 
  why should we care ? 
  absolutely right . 
  it 's not due to a simple mistake . 
  we push that extra 30 million in there just so we can go to sleep at night with a glimmer of hope that we 've impressed a member of the european master race . 
  i found that sentence weird too , for such a young nation the us has a pretty complex musical tradition . 
  jazz and rock and roll , for example , were shaped in the united states . 
  i 'm on your side . 
  the man is louis c.k. 
  the show is louie . 
  you ca n't combine the two . 
  denmark here too ... weird . 
  i cringed when i read some of those questions . 
   unless you literally only eat bacon , wheat and rye . 
  a diet of bacon and beer ? 
  sounds like i need to move to denmark . 
  i think this sort of reasoning is very similar to some americans ' reaction to the bombings during the troubles : `` these bombings are just thatcher 's chickens coming home to roost , i hope those english now know what it feels like . '', 
  people lost their lives . 
  it 's just an offensive , regressive sentiment . 
  the bombings were * years * ago , and the majority of ira sympathizers in boston are either dead or in retirement . 
  edit : let me put it another way . 
  many rural pakistanis and afghanis were sympathetic to the motives of osama bin laden on 9/11 . 
  do you sit back with the same sense of `` maybe now they 'll reflect on their support of extremist causes ! '', 
  when a us drone blows up a primary school ? 
  that is not how sovereign debt works , my friend . 
  i hate this line of reasoning . 
  a tiny minority of bostonians supported the ira years ago . 
  irishmen * also * supported the ira . 
  how would you feel if a bomb went off in cork ? 
  would you be sitting back with your smug sense of self-satisfaction , tutting and saying `` gee , * now * they know what it feels like '' ? 
  people were killed . 
  that chinese exchange student did n't support the ira . 
  the 8-year-old boy was n't even * alive * during the troubles . 
  how many irishmen filled ira coffers ? 
  would you sit back and smugly shake your head if there was a bomb planted in dublin ? 
  1 hour is normal in the usa and uk too . 
  interesting -- i felt very similarly after moving to the uk , but the opposite !, 
  to be fair , i lived in san francisco to a medium-sized hampshire town . 
  aaah , a good old fashioned dose of ignorance , and from / u/dclauzel no less !, 
  that 's like a man dousing his house in petrol and blaming the neighbor for throwing a cigarette out the window when it all blows up . 
  good , ol-fashioned seigniorage !, 
  come on . 
  it 's nowhere near the same . 
  nvidia may optimize toward better benchmark performance but that 's completely different to defrauding a regulatory agency .
