  many european nations were involved in iraq and afghanistan . 
  lookin ' at you , uk/netherlands/spain / denmark . 
  ah , see , this is a little known russian grammatical feature . 
  `` the best '' actually means `` destabilization and eventually sovereign control over strategically important ukrainian territory '' . 
  easy mistake to make . 
  exactly , the usa has a higher gdp . 
  yes , i 'm entitled to the nhs as i have the ability to work -- my visa is a settlement visa . 
  the private insurance works as a supplement : if i get sick and need an operation or something , i can have it done at a bupa ( my insurance provider ) hospital instead . 
  the conditions will be a bit nicer , eg i 'd get a private room , and the wait time will usually be less . 
  i 'd still be entitled to the same stuff under the nhs , and i still pay the same amount of tax/national insurance contributions that anyone else at my salary level would . 
  i think it is a class thing . 
  as an american who lives in the uk , i 've been incredibly pleased with my treatment at the nhs . 
  i have private care , but only due to the fact that my employer offers it for free -- i only pay tax , resulting in a ~ 65 % discount . 
  i have n't had to use it yet . 
  moreover , everyone i know loves the nhs and holds it up as a positive counterexample to the american system . 
  in some ways , this can be a negative -- those on the left occasionally consider the nhs sacrosanct and can oppose any reform -- but overall the feeling is very positive . 
  i get it through work , but it 's very much a nice-to-have rather than a necessity . 
  or maybe someone who lives in a british holiday destination . 
  i thought americans were cunts abroad , but your stag dos take it to a new level . 
  yes , definitely , that 's what i was saying . 
  just that both now seem natural to me . 
  haha , the english get so touchy about the food stereotype . 
  pickles are pretty standard on a burger in the us . 
  you 're more likely to get them than not . 
  did you attend the tyler perry school for english language studies ? 
  i got norwegian as well ( also , dutch ) below english . 
  i think many native english speakers would as they 're germanic . 
  in hospital/in the hospital , too . 
  there are other differences as well , i.e. 
  the pluralization differences between our dialects ( the committee are / the committee is , etc. ) . 
  i put on the weekend/at the weekend and in hospital/in the hospital as i live in the uk and both sound natural to me now , but it still guessed me as us/us ebonics/canadian . 
  yeah , in the cases i 've seen , farmers were literally spraying roundup on their crops to specifically select for roundup ready corn . 
  he 's trying to look tough on the eu to get some ukip folks back into the fold . 
  is that a remnant of the red army faction days ? 
  do you have any basement ... guests ? 
  finland ? 
  do you have a job ? 
  sterilize eugenicists !, 
  i actually had a really great history teacher . 
  we went into detail about kursk , stalingrad , etc. 
  i feel like i got a very accurate picture of the war . 
  i really wish there was a perfect simulation machine that would allow you to go back to ww2 and alter key decisions of the leaders . 
  what would europe look like today if barbarossa was never launched ? 
  or if nazi germany did n't invade poland ? 
  the us landed in europe in 1943 as part of the italian campaign . 
  out of curiosity , how much do you learn about the pacific theater ? 
  i 've never actually seen the movie . 
  i did n't know it was so poorly received . 
  enemy at the gates ? 
  i was definitely taught about the soviet union 's part in the war and the eastern front . 
  maybe it 's just your school ? 
  i live in the uk and have spent months traveling through europe and asia . 
  i never received any flak for my nationality except a. ), 
  banter , which i returned in force , b. ), 
  border guards in china ( bastards made me miss my bus ) , and c. ) the owner of a hostel in prague . 
  in the latter case , he just mentioned some of his thoughts about the us , and it turned into a nice dialog . 
  he and i got along quite well . 
  basically , i think it 's idiotic to try to hide your nationality . 
  ignorance exists everywhere and there will always be those who look down upon any nationality , but if anyone treats anyone else badly simply because of their passport , they 're not worth your time anyway . 
  if people do pre-judge someone for being an american ( e.g. 
  assume they 're loud , ignorant , etc ) then it 's just an expression of their own insularity and foolishness . 
  it just does n't happen in the vast majority of cases , and with kindness and a cool head it wo n't matter if you 're from the dprk , you 'll be fine . 
  also i never met any americans who faked their nationality , so personally i put this down to either a small minority or an urban myth . 
  do n't be crazy , russia wo n't out and out attack finland for joining nato . 
  they would hem and haw , maybe cut off gas supplies , but they would n't just invade . 
  he looks like a special forces soldier , but he sounds like a mild-mannered accountant . 
  fwiw most people i know who have done a mooc ( myself included ) have used coursera . 
  i do n't know if that 's a us/uk thing , but edx does n't seem to have gained as much traction . 
  absolutely . 
  history is in no way black and white , and even wwii does n't fit a purely good-guys-vs-bad-guys worldview . 
  it 's not whataboutism . 
  i absolutely agree that we should n't remember the institution of the wehrmacht , but the majority german soldiers were just kids taken from their homes with a rifle and sent to fight . 
  i think it 's important to honor their memory . 
  yes , the wehrmacht itself was representative of a horrific ideology that i am very glad does not exist on a meaningful level any longer . 
  however , germany lost a generation , as did russia . 
  the tragedy of the millions of lost lives is something that should n't be forgotten . 
  the red army , not just the nkvd , also committed atrocities on a horrific scale , more than paying back what the germans did . 
  there are stories of red army soldiers raping and crucifying german women . 
  i do n't think we should dismiss red army soldiers because of that , though . 
  there were a couple of people doing it -- one guy , a former 101st airborne soldier , jumped yesterday carrying the same kit he wore on the day 70 years ago . 
  the governor general of nz , i think . 
  the guy on the right is a subject . 
  most do n't seem to give a shit . 
   if you get sick in the us , even if you 're medically insured , you can expect a 3/4 chance of becoming bankrupt . 
  you might want to learn how to read statistics first ... 60 % of bankruptcies were caused by health issues , of which 75 % had insurance , but that does not mean at all that 75 % of sick people went bankrupt . 
  the russians will cower in fear when we bring the tactical love shack to bear . 
  the reaction to the bnp paribas story pretty clearly shows that / r/europe has a really shitty understanding of international trade law . 
  out of curiosity , do you think farmers are idiots ? 
  if non-gmo is truly more cost effective , farmers wo n't use it . 
  why not legalize it , then ? 
  i 've noticed a lot of people from europe do n't know much about the pacific theater of wwii ( which makes sense , the european theater is far more relevant to a european ) . 
  there was some pretty horrific fighting that went on during the war that still fuels some amount of resentment toward japan in some asian nations today . 
  i do love fish and chips , i just prefer the `` fish '' part . 
  i 'm not saying british chips are bad , either ... they just have to be soaked in vinegar to be tasty , whereas belgian frites can be enjoyed on their own or with any number of amazing sauces ( i < 3 curry ketchup ) . 
  i have to admit , though , i do love mushy peas . 
  i live in the uk  report away !, 
  belgian fries are so fantastic . 
  they 're far and away better than english chips . 
  fries , mussels , and beer . 
  i did n't know austrian culture was so pervasive .
