  well , that 's just a form of ignorance , i think . 
  you see it from any nationality , including americans , unfortunately : `` let me tell you about your country ... '', 
  that was kind of the point of eurotrip , to be fair . 
  not that i 'm defending the movie , it was n't up my street at all . 
  the mercator projection really screws with your sense of scale . 
  seriously , it looks like an ncis-level drama aimed at overweight middle aged midwesterners . 
  it is n't anything to get too angry about . 
  fortunately racism/xenophobia is n't an issue for me . 
  i do feel awful for those who suffer that kind of stuff though . 
  i 've course i 'm not being * targeted * . 
  however , immigration rules are the same for everyone not from the eu , whether they 're from botswana or the us , and even if i 'm not the target demographic i still get caught in the collateral damage . 
  citizenship changes moved the time to citizenship from 3 years to 6 ... for everybody . 
  they were talking about introducing a possible mandatory insurance policy for immigrants ... for all `` non-settled '' immigrants . 
  depending on what definition you use , it * might * mean everyone who does n't have ilr -- meaning all immigrants would have to purchase insurance * in addition * to paying ni contributions and tax for 5 years . 
  so yes . 
  i 'm not being targeted . 
  but the immigration rules are the same for everyone , and it 's gotten quite frustrating lately . 
  they scare us immigrants too . 
  not because we think they 'll get into power , but it causes the tories to take populist moves against non-eu immigrants . 
  i still have a lot of money in usd invested primarily in the us , but i get paid in gbp ( still falling relative to the dollar , but not as much ) . 
  i think it 'll just mean i vacation in europe rather than the states over the next year or two . 
  i try not to think about my pre-move salary vs my post-move salary ;-) i will say , though , that i 've been snapping up some awesome deals on mountaineering equipment from german online shops . 
  i snagged a pair of boots that should usually cost # 520 for fucking # 340 . 
  i generally dislike talent competitions because they take themselves so seriously . 
  eurovision is an amazing opposite -- i really get into it . 
  i live in europe and thus am directly affected by things like british eu membership and other european issues . 
  plus , i enjoy reading and discussing news , and / r/europe 's size means the discussion here is relatively civil compared to mainstream subs . 
  edit : i should also say that i 'm a massive supporter of european unity and would love to see a more united europe in the future . 
  this sub has a lot of interesting information and articles about eu-wide issues that do n't really make it into american news sources . 
  is it ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i know americans ( well , i am one ) and i know russians . 
  one of my russian friends literally bought a us flag to use as a doormat . 
  the american opinions , on the other hand , fall into one of three camps : grudging admiration , apathy , or concern about the government ( with no ill will toward the people ) . 
  they ca n't tighten the belt , they 've been eating at mcdonald 's . 
  oh wait , you do n't ? 
  so * that 's * why i 'm banned from germany ... 
   normally americans interject on matters and places they know little of and try and put it into an american context . 
  which is what you 're doing here . 
  `` let me tell you about where you have lived all your life '' ... to be fair , / r/europe is particularly bad about `` let me tell you about your country ... '' statements toward americans . 
  aaah , you say that , but is your broom painted tactical black ? 
  i wonder if they 've added picatinny rails yet ... 
  personally i have cynical reasons for not being too upset about forced labeling of gm produce : if there 's higher demand for non-gm produce , i can buy gm produce at a discount !, 
  in all seriousness , though i do prefer the eu 's stricter regulatory regime , i hope that the stigma against gmo dies out . 
  it seems like it 's hamstringing some very exciting agriscience that could , hopefully , significantly increase humanity 's capacity for food production . 
  i remember reading about how the us 's insane laws limiting stem cell research could cause the country to fall behind in genetic research ; i would n't want to see europe 's agritech industry similarly affected . 
  cheese made with unpasteurized milk is illegal in a lot of countries , including canada ( barring quebec ) , australia , nz , and the united states . 
  blue cheese is legal , but only if it 's been made with pasteurized milk . 
  in new orleans , a `` king cake '' is something similar where a small toy baby is baked into a cake . 
  there 's some tradition around what happens when you find the baby ; i 'm not really sure what it is . 
  apparently cast iron skillets leech iron into food as well , which can help supplement iron intake . 
  i do n't really know the full extent of how * much * it adds to food , though . 
  i 've thought about it and had a small go at it , but openvpn configuration seemed quite fiddly . 
  i have n't gone back and actually done it yet . 
  i guess it depends if your vpn 's made it to their blacklist yet or not . 
  the vpn i use has been blocked . 
  in international waters ? 
  it was near the border of the kaliningrad oblast , the exclave in the baltic . 
  the baltic nations are close us allies . 
  yep . 
  the notion of people being `` straight '' or `` gay '' is quite a modern one . 
  yes , i know how the electoral college works . 
  but read the article . 
   the twenty-third amendment to the united states constitution , adopted in 1961 , entitles the district to three electoral votes in the election of the president and vice president of the united states . 
  my brother lives in dc . 
  he votes for president . 
  washington dc residents can vote in presidential elections . 
  how is dc comparable to puerto rico ? 
  fwiw , as someone who 's lived both places , my disposable income post insurance contributions and education expenses was much higher in the us than the uk , at least , due to significantly higher salaries and lower cost of living in the us . 
  this is , of course , skewed by my particular industry , and a sample of one does n't really say much . 
  also , dryers on washer-dryers are almost universally shit , in my experience . 
  i have a washer-dryer but i 've only * very * rarely used the `` dry '' function except when i was desperate to get something dry asap . 
  hey , abortion 's constitutionally protected in texas . 
  good luck . 
  i hope you and yours are all safe . 
  i 'm guessing that 's why , likely they had something planned but with the police raids ( and the capture of abdesalam ) had to accelerate . 
  such a horrific tragedy . 
  with the events in turkey and belgium , this week has been pretty shit . 
  what 's the atmosphere in brussels like ? 
  and yet those of us who are legal immigrants have to bear the cross of the illegal immigrants with increased fees , extra nhs charges , etc. 
  what 's stopping you from saying `` i wish you 'd stop '' ? 
  if you lived in the uk for 9 years could n't you naturalize ? 
  i just plopped # 1550 for my visa :( it 's a settlement visa , though , and # 500 of that is nhs charges ( even though i pay taxes , go figure ) . 
  i 'm eagerly awaiting the albanian response to this question ... 
  i 'm an american living in the uk . 
  i 'm going to stay because i make well above the threshold and my partner has family here , but there 's no way i 'm going to start a family before i get citizenship . 
  the immigration rules have been changing at a lightning pace over the past few years and i ca n't be sure that my family would n't be split up due to theresa may 's latest whim . 
  british people , like americans , seem to get quite butthurt when someone outside their own nation criticizes the uk . 
  maybe it 's an anglo thing ? 
  you do n't see it in canadians , australians , or kiwis that much ... so maybe it 's just a once-was-a-world-leading-power anglo thing ? 
  it seems to be uniquely english as well ; the welsh , scottish , and norn irons seem to be a little more chill about things . 
  wtf is that map of san francisco ? 
  that 's the whole bay area including other major cities such as oakland , richmond , and san jose , and the big towns of silicon valley , eg sunnyvale , palo alto , mountain view , san bruno , etc. 
  it looks like they 've even got some of marin county in there ... 
  again , as i said earlier , it 's not that britain did n't spend a lot of money , it 's that the us had to get involved at all . 
  it was only due to a lack of ability to support the operation that france and britain had to ask the us military for help . 
  american support * should n't * have been necessary , but the british and french military have become so neutered by reliance on american logistics that they were n't able to maintain even a moderate bombing campaign on their own doorstep . 
  yes , but it was supposed to be ( and was trumpeted as ) a european operation . 
  however , britain and france could n't logistically support even a moderate operational tempo so had to ask the us for help . 
  frankly , it was quite embarrassing for the uk and france , and showed that british military might may not be nearly what it should be .
