  well , that 's good . 
  i just have n't noticed the same passion for beer here as i did in the us : when i lived back there , you could look into a bar and nearly everyone would be drinking a local craft brew . 
  i was surprised when i drank with people my age here ( mid 20s ) to see everyone else get some macrobrewed lager rather than a real ale . 
  maybe it 's just my experience ... i came from one of the craft brewing meccas , so it 's probably not an entirely fair comparison . 
  yeah but you have vb !, 
  honestly i do n't get the guinness jerk . 
  yeah it 's not bad and better than the usual lineup of macro light lagers , but even in ireland it 's ... distinctly mediocre . 
  there are many better stouts out there . 
  wkd , etc. 
  i do n't know any other word for them . 
  let me guess , it 's a pamphlet giving a quick primer on the history and tenets of islam and encouraging rational cross cultural discussion about possible friction between traditional islamic values and more liberal western values in hopes of reaching mutual harmony ? 
  oh , wait , no , semi racist drivel . 
  good . 
  the only issue is that `` europhile '' tends to have a political connotation in addition to its literal definition . 
  i 'm quite pro european integration politically , as are many on this subreddit , but i 've noticed anti-eu people getting mass downvotes . 
  i think the sub should work towards accepting a variety of opinions : i definitely want to understand where anti-eu folks are coming from as it 's a viewpoint i do n't share . 
  not accurate anymore . 
  sours and belgian style beers are blowing up stateside . 
  and if you 're looking for some malty american beers ... well , i used to not like the big hoppy ones either ( i 've since converted ) and i never had any problem satisfying myself with the massive range of domestic american stouts , porters , amber ales , bitters , doppelbocks , pilsners , you name it . 
  the famous american microbrews do tend to be very strong in terms of alcohol and flavor , but i do n't see how you can look at the development of the american microbrew industry and call it one dimensional . 
  it 's excited a * lot * of young people about beer : while alcopops are becoming the statistical alcohol of choice among the young people of the uk , craft beer is rapidly rising to the top spot in the us . 
  to be fair , gun violence is highly localized to urban poor demographics . 
  gun violence probably affects my day to day life just as much as it does yours : almost none . 
  ugh , i hate how americans just lazily stereotype nationalities . 
  fortunately you 'll never see someone doing the same in / r/europe . 
  yes . 
  unfortunately , that assumption is incorrect . 
  there was a lot of excitement , but voter turnout among the youth was n't really that high . 
  what was remarkably high , however , was voter turnout among african americans , 70 % of whom supported prop 8 . 
  this , combined with a very successful `` yes '' campaign and an opposition who took their victory as a given led to the passage of a law that probably would n't pass today and does not represent the view of the majority of californians . 
  marriage is not a human right but absolutely a civil right , and it 's disgusting that anyone would want to take it away . 
  the second half of your comment makes me wonder why i 'm replying to you . 
  yep , california , though that 's since been overturned by the supreme court . 
  they 're doing same sex marriages in california again . 
  one issue with the california thing was very low voter turnout among younger people and high turnout in communities that are more conservative . 
  overall , i 'd say the california thing was a hiccup . 
  gay rights in the us are on a very positive trajectory : same sex marriages are now recognized nationally and by a growing number of states . 
  i would strongly dispute the us back tracking . 
  for prop 8 's small step backward , there have been massive leaps forward . 
  interesting , i did n't know my ukrainian friends who were taking part in the protests are paid shills . 
  i expect a significantly nicer new year present this year . 
  it 's certainly a real word , albeit not super common . 
  if you think about it , energy word is made up . 
  15 % of people in wales speak welsh . 
  less use it in their day to day life . 
  the percentage of spanish speakers in southwestern states is significantly greater -- almost 50 % in new mexico . 
  hispanic american ( chicano ) culture is quite unique as well . 
  why did you have american history , out of curiosity ? 
  we 're not talking about * you * . 
  i am certain i could name most or all countries in any continent . 
  however , you and i are not the average italian and american . 
  you know what , i 'm counting bongo bongo land . 
  when a public official says it , it becomes a real name . 
  or something . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's how it works , at least . 
  lotta kansas ...  seriously though very well done . 
  and the answer to the question in the map is `` no '' ( except potatoes ; that 's idaho ), 
  i think you 're overestimating the diversity of the uk and underestimating the diversity of the us . 
  keep in mind , there 's a huge and growing hispanic population that is very politically and culturally distinct from the baseline . 
  some states even have a majority spanish speaking population . 
  and as far as wales goes , the vast majority of welsh do n't use the welsh language in their day to day lives . 
  not saying either the us or uk is more diverse , but you seem to be speaking from a pedestal of fairly profound ignorance of modern american demographics . 
  they are absolutely not the same thing . 
  both the amount of political autonomy and the population and scale of us states are far , far greater than british counties . 
  in some ways , in fact , us states are more politically autonomous than the countries of the united kingdom . 
  the uk is not a federal system . 
  if i gave the majority of british people a blank map of asia , south america , or africa how do you think it 'd look ? 
  hahaha . 
  amazing . 
  people are getting bent out of shape about this . 
  ultimately it 's just about hilarious maps . 
  well the question still remains : can you get alaska and hawaii ? 
  hey , i can identify cyprus and malta . 
  i 've got 100 % on sporcle 's european country quiz . 
  ironically enough , north america is much more difficult for me . 
  wow , congrats !, 
  i 'm impressed you got new england . 
  haha , it shows mexico all the way down to colombia ? 
  maybe with a little panama thrown in though . 
  only two of those are islands , 
  hahaha , not bad , 
  yeah , i have a feeling this was n't a soberly academic affair , 
  after taxes , insurance , etc it 's still really really tough . 
  including belize , guatemala , nicaragua , honduras , the bahamas , and antigua and barbuda ? 
  albania ? 
  when does the us attempt to open diplomatic bags ? 
  regardless of where you 're from , saying shit like `` americans are brainwashed '' is a massively simple worldview that indicates a fairly simple mind . 
  ... i assumed from your flair . 
  do people confuse moldova and andorra ? 
  oh , fuck off with your ignorant horseshit . 
  you have an extremely snobbish attitude though . 
  you called americans culturally retarded -- which , honestly , is a pretty ignorant and `` culturally retarded '' thing to do . 
  honestly , it seems like you are a petty , ignorant person who is much more like a stereotypical american than anyone else in this thread . 
  let me guess , you 're probably 19 or 20 years old ? 
  you 'll mellow down and hopefully form more realistic , less silly opinions and learn to look at the world like an adult . 
  until then , do n't be surprised when you get down votes . 
  its not an american thing at all . 
  it 's only popular on that stupid show because nobody civilized in the usa would do it . 
  americans ( the vast majority ; honey boo boo clan excluded ) would never put ketchup on pasta . 
  we 've had our share of italian immigration that saw to that .
