  most of the german beers i 've tried are pale lagers . 
  i guess i just have n't tried enough of the variety of dark beers available . 
  i 've not tried as much german beer as i have american , british , or belgian beer , so maybe i 'm a little biased . 
  absolutely . 
  though ... i 've got to be honest ( * hunkers down and prepares for downvotes * ) i 've not been impressed by a lot of german beer i 've tried . 
  at least , the light lagers are n't impressive to me . 
  i just ca n't get into them . 
  the dunkels and altbiers i 've tried are pretty good , though , and hefeweisen is alright . 
  edit : just saw your edit . 
  nope , it was n't a bratwurst , though i do love brats . 
  now that i think about it , i 've actually had it in germany . 
  it 's quite tasty . 
  the stuff sold as `` vienna sausage '' in the us is just a reconstituted shaped meat foam blend . 
  not nearly as tasty . 
  i do n't know , i would be willing to bet it 's less for industrial espionage and more due to stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.jpost.com/international/german-report-berlin-a-hub-of-hezbollah-activity-315885 ) . 
  ah , of course , that makes sense . 
  that looks much more appetizing !, 
  [ these ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_llxkt0unpi1qg7g6oo1_400.jpg ) are our `` vienna sausages '' ... they 're pretty disgusting . 
  i was basing my statement from stories from my slovenian friend . 
  i do n't know if it was a widespread phenomenon or not . 
  i heard this from a slovenian guy whose family would go north to austria to get western stuff . 
  i do n't know if it was a widespread thing or not , 
  * great skiing . 
  * vienna has a lot of cultural history and is quite an important historical city . 
  * people from eastern europe would come to austria to buy things before the iron curtain fell . 
  * beautiful mountains . 
  * germany went protestant , austria stayed catholic . 
  * used to be bros with hungary . 
  * got annexed in world war ii * home of hitler * we have this potted meat product called `` vienna sausage '' . 
  i 'm sure it has nothing to do with austria , just thought i 'd mention it . 
  absolutely not , and if those nutjobs were the * mainstream * in the democratic party , i 'd vote third-party . 
  those are fringe activists . 
  the issues i pointed out are official policy positions of the republican party . 
  obamacare is almost like a ~ ~ beveridge ~ ~ von bismarck ( edit : bismarck , not beveridge , got them mixed up ! ), 
  system -- rather than central social insurance , everyone will be required to buy some form of insurance and go to independent providers . 
  i agree , an nhs style system would n't work in the usa . 
  as far as gun ownership ... to be honest , this is something i am on the fence about . 
  i feel like a lot of europeans overestimate the effect gun laws have ( especially the shitty `` assault weapons bans '' ... such a useless law ) . 
  the us has very high gun crime and violent crime statistics , but the actual distribution is interesting : outside of inner cities , the us has very similar crime stats to western europe -- it 's really very safe . 
  there are , however , pockets of minority poor communities -- compton , to name a famous one , or . . well , the whole city of detroit -- with * extremely * high crime statistics that massively push up the us crime average . 
  what 's not said is that these crimes do n't happen to often to innocents -- it 's usually criminal-on-criminal violence . 
  also , 95 % of gun crimes occurs with pistols -- not covered under the awbs . 
  i think , to be honest , that parts of the us have a culture and poverty problem , not a gun problem . 
  economically , i 'm a centrist , hovering between progressive and libertarian depending on the issue . 
  the objectionable thing about the republican party , however , is their social policy . 
  i 'm sorry , but i can not get behind an anti-abortion party who 's pumping up fears against gay marriage and gay adoption . 
  there is a need for a moderate small-government/hayekian/libertarian voice in us politics , but the republican party has way too much cultural baggage for my taste . 
  it 's interesting , yours is the first european/non-american pro-gop voice i 've heard . 
  thanks for sharing your opinion !, 
  i agree that property is a form of investment ... 
  it 's different because , when you take a 30-year mortgage , you have terms that can not be altered ( especially if you have a 30-year fixed rate mortgage ) and it 's backed by a real asset . 
  you do have risk , certainly -- housing market crashes could put you underwater -- but it 's different because the mathematics of many government pension funds simply do n't work . 
  take the pension funds of us states , for example : they 're underfunded ( florida 's public sector fund is 86 % funded ) and using an unrealistic discount rate -- florida 's is 7.75 % , meaning their pension fund is probably even * more * underfunded . 
  for my planning , it means that i do n't take public funds ( or db pensions , i do n't have one though ) into account when i am thinking about retirement . 
  is this , in all likelihood , unrealistic ? 
  absolutely , i 'm sure i 'll get * something * . 
  but i 'm not counting on it . 
  i do n't know about amazon , but microsoft admitted that the us government had access to their azure eu platform . 
  haha !, 
  i saw some study that shows obese people actually cost healthcare systems less than normal people because they die earlier . 
  i 'm starting to like his retirement plan . 
  maybe i should shift my assets from stocks and bonds to hookers and blow ... 
  i think stocks/bonds are certainly the easiest way to invest , but i include any other type of investment : rental property , hedge fund , even wine if you 're a wine connoisseur . 
  the key is to not invest in anything you do n't understand . 
  for the basic investor , a broadly diversified index fund is by far the easiest investment that will give the greatest chance of longterm returns . 
  i trust things i have . 
  sure , they can go up and down in value -- in the long term , they almost always go up , as long as you 've made good decisions -- but what i * do n't * trust is when anyone , government or otherwise , tells me `` hey dude , we 'll give you this amount of money in 30 years . 
  we promise !, 
  it 'll be great ! '', 
  if i * do * get it , great . 
  i 'm not counting on it though . 
  yes , but i would say the likelihood of the us government recalling every single roth ira and 401 ( k ) ( really more like tax advantaged investment accounts than private pensions ) is very tiny . 
  a modern government not being able to meet its pension obligations is far , far more likely . 
  i 'm sure a lot of places do -- the uk has a sipp or isa , the us has an ira and 401 ( k ) . 
  i do n't know about other places . 
  it take a huge burden off the government , so i do n't blame them for attempting to encourage it . 
  personally i 'm leery of the whole concept of db contributions . 
  the netherlands is actually one of the better ones -- they only use a default-free discount rate . 
  i was checking florida 's public sector pension the other day ... 7.7 % . 
  crazy . 
  i agree with you somewhat ; i think the risk of such a seizure is minuscule in the us/finland/other countries with string economic fundamentals , though . 
  i am set up kinda like you , though i contribute 10 % to my 401 ( k ) ( tax deferred ) , $ 5500/yr to a roth ira ( growth is untaxed ) , and try to invest the rest relatively tax-efficiently . 
  diversification is absolutely required . 
  i invest in a good spread of vanguard funds across different asset classes : 25 % us small cap , 25 % total world market excl . 
  us , 25 % s&p 1500 , 25 % total world market , all with super low expense ratios since they 're index funds . 
  i plan not to rely at all on any public funds . 
  i ca n't guarantee that any pension that i 'm not controlling will actually be paid to me . 
  nations and companies have proven time after time that they can not responsibly managed defined benefit pension schemes , so i do not expect them to . 
  why ? 
  it 's certainly nice to have what the government gives you , but with a private pension you can set your own risk tolerance , and , more importantly , * that money is yours * . 
  it 's not going to be underfunded , it 's not taking up a massive chunk of your government 's budget , and it 's not going to be arbitrarily lowered when the gov ' t ( or whoever 's providing it ) realizes `` shit , we 've been using an * incredibly * unrealistic discount rate for way too long '' . 
  my plan for retirement : * do not trust that any money i do n't already have will be available * . 
  i do n't trust any defined-benefit pension . 
  i 'm sure the netherlands has a similar plan to a 401 ( k ) ... invest as much as you can by yourself . 
  defined-benefit pensions have a nasty habit of changing definitions or disappearing . 
  come on , man , you were n't supposed to tell !, 
  i 'll have to bring this up at the next weekly pan-american anti-euro-socialist brainwashing meeting . 
  see you there !, 
  yes , to the point that there were more than a few military officers like [ this dude ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_bastien-thiry ) who attempted to assassinate de gaulle when he let algeria go as they thought he was giving up part of france . 
  also , freelancer was a really fun game .
