  but probably because it 's an easy way out . 
  the us and five eyes partners have a huge intelligence network , and it 's easier to use that than effect the pan-european cooperation required to build a truly european intelligence network and defense force . 
  i 'd like to see the eu stand together on this issue . 
  but apparently i 'm too busy watching everybody loves raymond reruns to care . 
  also are we upvoting `` ignorant ameritard '' now ? 
  that 's strange . 
  parisians certainly are n't friendly , but outside paris i 've found the french to be lovely and a great laugh . 
  because most are cooperating . 
  i did n't find it any different than ny or london . 
  just learn to speak basic french and you 'll be fine . 
  i was that american . 
  you are misrepresenting my position . 
  i never thought that there are no tumble dryers in the uk . 
  i think that tumble dryers in the uk -- due to higher costs of energy -- are more efficient than in the us , and , unfortunately , output less heat . 
  this is , overall , good , but it means that the tumbledryers here ( at least , value ranges , not top-of-the-line ones ) are much less effective than they are in the us . 
  overall , it 's good , and i do n't mind drying my clothes . 
  but i do miss the big tumbledryers i had at home . 
  unfortunately it got spun to fit the `` americans are dumb '' stereotype :( for what it 's worth , i live in the uk , and other american expats here agree . 
  also , other uk redditors who had lived in the us in that thread agreed with me . 
  it 's just one of those little conveniences that you give up . 
  it 's not a * big * deal , just something i thought i 'd point out . 
  it does n't . 
  / u/underwaterocket is a hyperbolic troll . 
  check the comment history . 
  that sounds reasonable to me . 
  though i 'd say it would n't necessarily be provoking the other person . 
  that 's about the longest you can look at someone and still have it come off as incidental though . 
  firenze is florence in italian . 
  as someone from winchester , i feel like i should point out that alfred the great may belong in that first group :-), 
  i live in winchester . 
  alfred the great definitely takes the crown here as it was the former capital of wessex , the kingdom that would eventually form the first non-roman united england . 
  winchester still includes loads of wessexian ( if that 's a word ) historical sites . 
  you sure it would n't be the ol' [ reliant robin ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/reliant_robin_green.jpg ) ? 
    you care about us ? 
  funnily enough they always operate , in practice , nearly identically to their interest bearing equivalent . 
  as if they 're going to trick god using clever accounting ... 
  no , he 's totally right . 
  science and engineering are always best when done in complete isolation . 
  solving problems that have already been solved is a great way for a country to spend its scientific dollars . 
  edit : lots of downvotes . 
  either i should clarify my sarcasm or the joke just was n't that funny ... 
  sticky toffee pudding with custard is delicious . 
  i understood it mean that as you get higher income you 're taxed more , and if you 're exempt from paying tax you 're probably a poor person ( or rich enough to pay brilliant accountants , but that 's another story ... ) . 
  what does it do , out of curiosity ? 
  maybe it just had to do with payload space and launch time . 
  the rocket was not just for the lithuanian satellite ; its main purpose was to launch the orbital sciences cygnus module to the iss . 
  since it was going up anyway , they probably found it within their time frame and budget ( it 's a private launch , so i 'm not sure how that affects cost ) . 
  welp . 
  not letting my girlfriend visit france or hungary anymore . 
  let me check planes to dublin ... 
  not just the logic of how code is structured , but learning basic programming can help students to understand how computers solve problems and , knowing that , what problems are appropriate for a computer to solve . 
  i had a little bit : qbasic and some vb . 
  they 're teaching java now , i believe . 
  wow , that 's some singapore-level shit ( minus the whipping and execution ) . 
  as i recall , sweden has quite strict laws against drug use , including marijuana , correct ? 
  it 's odd , sweden is so progressive on so many other issues . 
  good . 
  they 're not being oppressed ; they should have to go through the same rules as any other immigrant . 
  not only that , but all the ancillary services that exist to support the oil industry and the service industry driven by the high salaries of those who work in the petroleum industry . 
  anytime norway 's oil is brought up someone always mentions the oil fund as if that 's the sole source of wealth the oil industry brings , but there 's a lot more than just direct oil profits . 
  my girlfriend emotionally blackmailed me into sitting around new look while she looked at shoes . 
  i think that warrants at least 8 years . 
  tallinn is very beautiful and well worth a visit . 
  they 're phasing out platzkart ? 
  that 's a shame !, 
  and * definitely * learn some russian . 
  and the cyrillic alphabet -- it 's not hard to read , most letters translate to a latin equivalent . 
  edit : [ apparently so . 
  ] ( http://rbth.co.uk/society/2013/12/06/russia_may_cancel_the_cheap_train_travel_known_as_platzkart_32333.html ), 
  no way . 
  if you 're going to do the trans siberian , do it like the locals do . 
  make sure to stop though -- i met a lot of people who did the whole moscow-beijing journey direct . 
  there are many siberian cities worth a visit , and mongolia is unmissable ( except for mongolian food , which is extremely missable -- and no , it 's not the same thing as a mongolian bbq ) . 
  do a few legs in platzkart class if you can take it . 
  kupe is good too if you 're feeling tired . 
  lake baikal is beautiful . 
  i 've never seen such clear water in my life . 
  irkutsk and ulan-ude are both good towns for baikal . 
  i only stayed in irkutsk briefly , but it 's a short ride away from baikal , easy to get to in a marshrutka . 
  unfortunately i was n't able to stay in uu as my visa was running out ... i passed through it on the train and met a cool irish guy who did , though . 
  i 'd throw in ufa and tomsk as well , as long as you have locals who can show you around . 
  i had a blast in both places . 
  russia outside st. petersburg and moscow is a really interesting beast . 
  * make sure to learn some russian !, 
  * at least learn to read cyrillic , otherwise you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  the same exists in the uk with 0 hour contracts and other euro economies , though . 
  right . 
  nasa still shoots up a lot of stuff , but iirc only roscosmos and cnsa are capable of launching manned crews . 
  i 'd really like to see this change soon !, 
  it 'd be nice for nasa and the esa to be able to send up astronauts on their own . 
  i know nasa has plans to test a few manned capsules in the coming years , and spacex is making some fantastic progress . 
  yes you absolutely do !, 
  if you 're coming in as a non-eu citizen , you 're subject to the same draconian search . 
  ratebeer , etc. 
  also lean toward the extreme . 
  the top rated beers tend to be super high abv , explosive taste , etc. 
  there are many really delicious british bitters that are mild-tasting , low-alcohol session beers that would never make the top lists . 
  edit : 3 months old , -17 comment karma . 
  swedish salaries are quite a bit lower for skilled workers . 
  keep in mind , expats to japan are likely to be highly skilled .
