  no no no , have n't you been watching rt ?!, 
  they 're the people 's leaders , unlike the dirty maidan amerieuronazis !, 
  waterloo station sushi for me tonight as i had to rush for a train -- no pictures , unfortunately !, 
  china has huge usd holdings . 
  any serious depreciation of the dollar would hurt china . 
  also , china 's two largest trading partners are the usa and eu : 567 billion usd trade with the eu , 446 with the usa , compared to 80 billion with russia . 
  china does not give a shit about ukraine or crimea , but if the shit really hits the fan and they 're forced to choose a side , who do you think they 're going to ultimately side with ? 
  i 'm not * against * crimean independence . 
  i just think there is a right way to do things . 
  there needs to be a fair referendum held , then the new and old governments need to negotiate the terms of secession . 
  the right way is * not * a military invasion by a third party then a vote held solely by the rada with armed men in the parliament room . 
  * you 're * the one who 's worse than hitler , mom . 
  well , that depends . 
  up until 2008 , fox news would be given state funding and exclusive interviews with putin himself . 
  i only chose spain because it had a low incidence of domestic violence according to this report . 
  i can see how the statement could be taken otherwise though . 
  i 'll edit my post . 
  i wonder if an action that would be considered violent in finland or the uk might be considered normal in a relationship in another country that reported a lower incidence of violence . 
  i 've seen unpasteurized cheese from the continent in the supermarket . 
  also , is n't raw milk only available direct to consumers ? 
  i 've seen it sold at the winchester farmers market ; i 'll pick some up next weekend . 
  cheeses do n't have to be pasteurized if they 're aged 60 days . 
  i 'm not sure why the us , canada , and australia are so strict about it . 
  i ca n't imagine there 's that much of a health issue , and the taste is really great . 
  i do n't have time to look deep into it now , unfortunately . 
  it 's possible that raw milk is illegal in georgia , where he filmed the show ? 
  it 's legal to sell in most states . 
  it 's legal for cheese-making too , i believe . 
  edit : just looked it up on wikipedia . 
  it 's legal in 28 states , and cheese made from raw milk must be aged 60 days . 
  oddly enough it 's completely illegal in australia . 
  the only legal raw milk cheese is two kinds of roquefort, 
  ah , right , i misread that part of the article . 
  why ca n't the us use cheddar ? 
  there 's no pdo around that one . 
  the renmibi is n't free-floated , and when it does eventually hit the market it 'll most likely fluctuate pretty heavily . 
  all in all , a pretty poor decision for a reserve currency . 
  it seems like an advisor is just beating his chest . 
  did you read the article ? 
  they 're threatening to default on loans owed to foreign banks . 
  this would be catastrophic for the russian economy and only a mild problem for the us . 
  also , what will they replace it with ? 
  the us dollar is just about the best reserve currency out there : the euro is just coming out of a pretty scary currency crisis , the renmibi is not floated on the market and volatility would occur if it were to do so , the economy underpinning the pound is n't as large ( and with scottish independence a [ distant ] possibility and a possible uk exit from the eu , some potential for volatility exists ) . 
  there 's just not an ideal alternative right now . 
  it 's not cunning at all , it 's empty bluster and the textbook definition of `` cutting off your nose to spite your face '' . 
  poland is the * poland * of europe . 
  do n't insult them . 
  unfortunately , it looks like the uk is cowering with france and germany . 
  also the irs was n't targeting any political ideology . 
  they just gave extra scrutiny to any group that had a political sounding name ( whether it included `` progressive '' , `` tea party '' , or whatever ) as such groups tended to have higher incidences of incorrect filling status . 
  it makes complete sense . 
  rt is * okay * when covering international issues not involving russia -- at the very least , they provide a different opinion counter to the mainstream . 
  but on any topic involving russia or the us , take them with a * massive * grain of salt . 
  actually , not just a grain ; make it a boulder . 
  same colors , different shades . 
  that 's true , it has n't been in a good state economically since time immemorial . 
  but after the overthrow , it 's in an even worse state -- on the brink of complete collapse . 
  good -- i 'd much rather see * positive * power used in ukraine than military force . 
  let 's hope the eu can offer an aid package as well ; ukraine is not in a good state economically after the revolution . 
  when people say `` armed men '' , most people think of a couple farmers with shotguns . 
  this men are n't just armed , they 're professionally equipped for urban combat . 
  also , the us , uk , and france have treaty obligations to ukraine . 
  it sets a horrible precedent if these are ignored . 
  if ( and this is a big `` if '' ) russia violates the budapest memorandum and the uk/france do nothing , what do you think that will say about the prestige of the eu on the world stage if two of its largest members fail to uphold their treaty obligations ? 
  when you say `` weapon loaded '' , do you mean that there 's a round chambered ? 
  oh come on , it 's a joke . 
  i remember being surprised by the open display of heavy weaponry when i first visited france . 
  it 's not uncommon to see soldiers walking around with submachine guns or assault rifles in large paris stations . 
  i grew up near fort jackson . 
  i 'd see military trucks transporting supplies , but never much more than that . 
  it 's been done that way by the nyt since 1992 . 
  it 's a little ignorant to claim that somehow only the ranking that makes the us look best is used . 
  i think it represents both a strength and weakness of a strong federal model . 
  progressive states are free to do what they will without being held back by right wingers , but conservative states can take too long to get with the times . 
  that being said , gay marriage is looking a lot better than the death penalty . 
  gay marriage is legal at a federal level , meaning that even if a gay couple lives in texas , they 'll still be able to get a lot of the benefits of marriage even though it 's not legal in that particular state . 
  18 states ( and the d of c ) have banned it . 
  unfortunately , it 's legal in the rest and at a federal level . 
  oddly enough , it 's still legal in california , am ordinarily liberal state . 
  i 'd love to see any possible measures put in place to stop it . 
  ah , yet another swiss referendum . 
  they only need ~ 100000 or so supporters to get on the ballot . 
  usually there 's a big fuss , `` switzerland 's going to have a us$ 45,000 minimum wage , switzerland 's going to have a basic income !, 
  '' , then it 's duly voted down and you do n't hear about it again . 
  yes . 
  there are plenty of times where precisely this has happened . 
  [ if we are bringing up wwii , keep in mind that the crimean tatars were n't the only ones who collaborated with the nazis . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_military_parade_in_brest-litovsk ), 
  what would have translated better ? 
  google translate says ausl\u00e4nder but i 'm guessing that means `` foreigner '' ... au\u00dferirdische ? 
  wow ... that alien title sounds like a 1950s buck rogers style throwback !, 
  thanks -- i personally ca n't stand dubbed movies . 
  fortunately most foreign films/shows are subtitled here . 
  is dubbing more common than subtitling ? 
  the uk is a european nation ... 
  very old and fascinating culture , beautiful untamed wilderness , massive ethnic diversity , great works of art and science ... i agree with the maidan protesters , but please do n't diminish an entire country you do n't really understand out of spite . 
  yes , the russian government has some huge problems , but it 's an amazing country . 
   the difference is europe has crazy nationalists and americans are crazy nationalists . 
  good idea !, 
  fight small minded , uneducated stereotyping with small minded , uneducated stereotyping .
