  sitzpinkel ... i speak zero german yet the meaning of this is entirely clear . 
  he 's also a fantastic artist in ... well , another subreddit that does n't like to be mentioned . 
  let 's say / r/lithuaniancommonwealthsphere, 
  it 's not that bad , i usually only get majorly downvoted when i 'm being deliberately snarky . 
  edit : weird , just got a flood of down votes . 
  maybe i was wrong , 
  good god , that sounds disgusting . 
  and is apparently way more common than i thought . 
  out of curiosity , were there any freedom of movement provisions in the eu-canada deal ? 
  they have it in the uk , too !, 
  young 's double chocolate stout and samuel smith 's chocolate stout . 
  there 's a fair few chocolate stouts in the states , but i ca n't name any off the top of my head . 
  edit : rogue does one , but rogue are assholes so i avoid their beer . 
  tallinn would be my pick as well . 
  the old town is really pretty , and it does n't have a suffocatingly huge feeling . 
  i 've always loved the baltics for some reason , i 'm not sure why . 
  i did a few months of traveling around europe and asia for a few months , so i made sure to stop by . 
  plus i visited lithuania on its own once . 
  i really need to go back , i want to try that lithuanian beer made from peas !, 
  oops !, 
  the oecd paper is really interesting as a whole . 
  ... what ? 
  it seems like you 've met some bad apples . 
  all the australians i 've met have been really friendly and lots of fun . 
  when did you go ? 
  i went there in 2010 -- albeit briefly -- and i was very impressed with the whole place . 
  i 'm an unabashed lover of the baltic 's though . 
  i ca n't find any reliable source that says it was due to american puritanicalism . 
  everywhere i see actually said it was originally tydbit , possibly changed to titbit to match up with other uses of tit for small like titmouse . 
  can you find a source that says otherwise ? 
  not trying to challenge you , just genuinely curious -- i had believed this as well . 
  edit : looks like it 's ( probably ) a myth . 
  do n't you mean tidillating ? 
  and people wonder why no european country has offered snowden asylum ... 
  both names ? 
  the issue for the german government is that it could set a precedent for * their * whistleblowers . 
  one of the most interesting things about snowden 's revelations is the huge international scale of mass surveillance . 
  what happens then when a whistleblower from bnd comes forward and reports on germany 's own mass surveillance program ? 
  they could n't prosecute him as they 'd have an asylum seeker in their own country who was granted asylum for doing the same thing . 
  unfortunately i 've not had the good fortune to visit a continental christmas market , but if you are looking for one in the uk , i 've heard the winchester christmas market is really nice . 
  sure , but 5 years at 21/16 is a much greater percentage of life than 5 years at 40/45 . 
  i asked some friends and they agreed it would raise an eyebrow . 
  it definitely depends on the person i guess . 
  yeah , the us is pretty tough . 
  i wasnt making a comparison between the two . 
  russia had one of the more paperwork filled visa processes i 've been through though . 
  i was just responding to ops assertion that visas are difficult to get for americans : they are n't any more difficult than for people of any other nationality . 
  the steak definitely is n't american , but i think the modern hamburger/cheeseburger sandwich that has spread across the world is sufficiently different than the original preparation to be considered an american dish . 
  if you ask someone to draw a `` hamburger '' it 'd look more like a mcdonald 's sandwich than a ground beefsteak in most cases . 
  not any harder for americans than , say , people from the eu , at least as of 2010 . 
  it 's just hard in general as certain accommodation requirements have to be fulfilled . 
  i actually had a business visa to russia even though i was just traveling  there are sites online that provide business invitations . 
  i 'm a bit surprised as well . 
  here in the uk , though it 'd be legal , it 'd certainly raise eyebrows . 
  and germany and france and sweden and spain and all the other countries engaged in mass internet surveillance . 
  you can get a visa -- very different than a passport . 
  also , more directly , many miners are killed every year in china due to lax or unenforced safety regulations . 
  it sounds somewhat nasal ; maybe a little like a generic midwest accent . 
  * great cheese , food , and wine * strong sense of cultural protectionism : they value their culture strongly , and oppose acts of what they see as cultural imperialism by hollywood , preferring to set quotas on tv , etc. 
  to ensure french media is shown . 
  * it 's been seen as a center of culture for thousands of years . 
  french was the preferred language of the bygone aristocracy of europe . 
  * originally a reactionary and strongly monarchical nation , the situation exploded in the late 18th century with the first french revolution . 
  for nearly a century afterwards , social unrest changed the government between republics , a restorative monarchy , and two empires . 
  today , it 's a strongly republican nation with a powerful executive thanks to de gaulle 's reforms . 
  overall , france has one of the most dynamic and fascinating histories in europe . 
  * parisians can be somewhat curt , but french people outside of paris tend to be lovely . 
  * people here do n't seem to like them much -- funny what hundreds of years of tensions and wars will do !, 
  but i like france and have loved every visit ; i want to go skiing in the french alps , but probably wo n't be able to this year . 
  the only way the us would default is if the politicians ( read : republicans ) * let * it default . 
  i do n't think that would happen -- the negative political will they 'd garner from that action would keep them out of office for a good long while . 
  i 've often found that continental europeans speak with an american accent but write with british spellings and grammar . 
  i met a spanish woman who reversed j and y. 
  she could say both sounds , but even in english she 'd switch them . 
  for example , when she said the phrase `` you want to see the jar ? '', 
  she 'd say `` joo want to see the yar ? '', 
  this is common among spanish-speakers , but it makes me laugh nonetheless . 
  i 'd rather just pay for them , honestly . 
  san francisco introduced a $ 0.10 surcharge on plastic bags , and they 're on the way to banning them outright ( except eco friendly bags , whatever that means ) . 
  personally it helped me to make sure to bring a cloth bag and seemed to cut use throughout the city . 
  it was weird to me to be given free bags in england ... i have n't been to wales so i ca n't really comment there . 
  personally i think it 's a great policy , especially if the surcharge goes to an environmentally friendly cause . 
  i 've heard winchester has a nice one . 
  i 'm moving there next month , so i hope so , at least , 
  i cut my salary quite a bit coming to the uk . 
  it was about 30 % higher in the us , with lower taxes and cost of living . 
  yep , literally every single uk ally wants them to stay in . 
  the us has already said it would n't consider a free trade agreement with the uk outside the context of the european union . 
  i do n't know , a guy who shares an office with me is going all-out -- moreso than i would have in the us !, 
  he and his girlfriend are going out as baroque vampires . 
  i 'm not doing anything this year . 
  i stole a good british job just a few weeks ago . 
  i 'm doing my part !, 
  if you 're a `` us person '' you do . 
  i think that includes green cards . 
  one thing people often do n't realize : something like 75-80 % or so of people in the us have health insurance . 
  20-25 % is still a * huge * amount of people and definitely a big problem , but * most * people have a pretty good standard of healthcare . 
  with their history ... i doubt it . 
  us-uk is allowed too ( i 'm going to get this as soon as i 'm eligible ), 
  yeah , i was just being silly .
