  though conchita seems to be everywhere on tv these days ... 
  how does hitler 's speech sound to a modern german ? 
  does he speak strangely , or does he sound relatively modern ? 
  i do n't think this actually happens . 
  i 've traveled quite a lot , and i 've never felt the need to lie about my nationality or met anyone else who did . 
  most long-term travelers , especially those in more obscure destinations , are * really * cool , accepting folks . 
  i never got any flak for being american ( except from chinese border guards and good-nature ribbing ) . 
  in fact , nobody cared , at least not more than they 'd care if i were german , french , swiss , etc. 
  some people in the us have this `` they hate us '' idea about international tourism . 
  very few people hate anyone for their nationality . 
  just be kind and respectful , and you 'll make a lot of new friends . 
  the autism/vaccine is based on a paper by andrew wakefield , a british `` scientist '' . 
  exactly . 
  we call juliet from romeo and juliet a `` she '' even though the character would have been portrayed by a non-trans man when the play was originally stated . 
  abortion is * still * illegal . 
  i think it 's important to remember that the nazis and soviets were cooperating for a while . 
  they invaded poland together and held a joint victory parade . 
  it seems to have scored above france , belgium , and switzerland . 
  education in the us differs very widely by state , though . 
  if each state were ranked , i think you 'd see a greater variation than a lot of other countries : some states would rank quite high , whereas many would rank embarrassingly low . 
  also i feel like these rankings should be broken down by educational system . 
  in the us , each state sets its own curriculum , with completely different funding models and assessment targets . 
  i 'd like to see the uk broken down the same way : most of the uk follows the national curriculum , but scotland is quite distinct . 
  i 'm assuming each swiss canton has a very independent system -- same in germany , though i do n't know about educational policy in those two federal systems . 
  it might be better to target change . 
  for example , if massachusetts has an incredibly productive system , it might be a great model for mississippi . 
  it 's a more apples-to-apples comparison than a nation as a whole . 
  american houses are significantly larger , though . 
  `` people '' being one person ? 
  i fully agree with the op , the us is nowhere close to russia when it comes to homophobia . 
  many us states have already legalized same sex marriage and its legal at a federal level . 
  plus general attitudes are very different : americans and western europeans are far more tolerant of sexual minorities than the majority of russians . 
  i wonder if this is due to the prevalence of alcohol abuse in russia : since more people are likely affected negatively by alcoholism , they view it as a moral negative while countries where alcohol consumption is more moderate may not . 
  any reason . 
  the border patrol does not have to give a reason to turn you away . 
  usually if they think the traveler is likely to overstay . 
  people are rejected from the italian border for the same reason . 
  again , nobody has any right to enter a country not their own . 
  border patrol can reject you because they 're having a bad day . 
  this is very true . 
  loads of americans get rejected at the british border and vice versa . 
  there is no right to enter a country that is not your own , unfortunately ( eu excluded ) . 
  you have to do something similar for australia as well . 
  it 's not quite the same as a visa , though . 
  he was n't doing that . 
  he was mocking those who are overly married to the ideas of austerity -- his comment was pro-france . 
  also , the general depiction of france 's economy is not as negative as you seem to believe . 
  it 's mostly the economist ( not american ) which is highly skeptical of the french economy . 
  i do n't really get what the us has to do with anything in this context , though ... 
  / u/executivemonkey was n't making a pro austeurity claim ... why do n't you think he understands losing social rights ? 
  in the uk , i hear the gift horse usually goes * in * the mouth . 
  i 'm guessing you 're male ? 
  it does n't seem to make the lists too often , 
  do they actually have portuguese voices ? 
  it 's been a while since i 've played empire . 
  me too , actually . 
  there 's something about the brazilian portuguese affect that i find very pleasing, 
  to me , it sounds like spanish spoken by a slow-witted texan . 
  i 'll be going to dartmoor next week : i can take some photos then , weather depending , 
  i had some beautiful views like this near portsmouth during the bank holiday weekend . 
  oddly enough i really like the sound of portuguese . 
  you mean median income . 
  that 's significantly higher in the us as well , especially when adjusted for ppp . 
  median income is higher in the us as well . 
  keep it up and ukip will offer you an mep seat . 
  it very much depends on how you measure it . 
  keep in mind , this is n't just western european nations . 
  you 'd also have hungary , romania , and bulgaria in the statistics . 
  also i 'm not * quite * sure what bmi has to do with superpower status . 
  i think / r/travel may be a little more appropriate for these sorts of questions . 
   real shoes , dark socks , long-sleeved t-shirts , relatively long unattended hair for males i can see counterexamples for every single one of these on the street in the uk . 
   if you 're female , wearing little make-up . 
  yeah , i 'm guessing you 've never been to eastern europe . 
  it 's a fun thing to do , definitely . 
  do n't expect smooth roads and wide highways , obviously  i was n't driving , just on the train . 
  it 's definitely an adventure -- and i do n't want to give short shrift to siberia , it 's an utterly amazing place , and the lack of infrastructure should not make you rethink your trip . 
  the positives far outweight any negatives . 
  from anecdotal experience ? 
  russian roads in siberia are crumbling , to the point that it 's very difficult to drive across russia . 
  in the us , driving is much easier by comparison . 
  in tomsk , a relatively large city i stayed in , brownouts were very common . 
  the hot water was broken for months in the flat i was staying in , so i had to take baths by boiling water on the hob and putting it in a bucket . 
  it 's true , in the us there are places you can find that have poor infrastructure , but you have to actively look . 
  in russia , outside the two main cities , it 's simply the norm . 
  i 'm guessing you have n't been to either ? 
  i mean , comparing the two is just utterly ridiculous . 
  i 've actually seen that blog before -- that 's what got me interested in lithuanian beer  i 've only chosen kaunas/klaipeda because i 've visited vilnius twice . 
  i did n't get the chance to try the beer , though . 
  it 's an * entirely * different situation than in russia . 
  the usa vs. russia ca n't be compared when it comes to infrastructure . 
  i had it in lithuania and latvia , that shit is like liquid heroin . 
  i want to try some more lithuanian beers , too -- i 'll have to book a trip to kaunus or klaipeda at some point . 
  i 've traveled quite extensively in siberia . 
  there are places there with third-world infrastructure . 
  moscow and st. petersburg are pretty infrastructurally sound , but outside it 's a really poor situation . 
  i think you 're right -- he 's been playing cold war politics on an international stage , but he has to be reminded that he 's still the premier of a country that is still firmly in the `` developing '' category . 
  there are lots of problems in russia that need to be solved , and they wo n't be solved by isolating russia diplomatically , crashing their economy , and occupying sovereign regions . 
  is n't cold borshch more of a baltic thing ? 
  i love ukrainian borshch as well . 
  in fact , i was really impressed with all the food i tried in ukraine .
