  not just random rich people . 
  companies and funds buy government debt because it 's seen as a relatively low-risk investment ( well , some countries : uk , us , france , germany ... others like italy and greece are not low-risk ) . 
  it 's not just random rich people , though : pension funds buy a lot , and even individual investors ( i -- and probably you , too -- hold some government debt ), 
  is n't `` roman '' a german word for novel ? 
  i 'm just thinking of the world bildungsroman ... 
  it can , if the money is spent well for a worthwhile investment . 
  nobody 's suggesting we build keynsian pyramids . 
  the communist tyranny of norway ? 
  maybe so , that high gdp/capita and functional healthcare system must be tough :(, 
  there 's a great museum in riga that went into the occupation of the baltics by the ussr and subsequent invasion by the germans . 
  it 's the only time i 've ever heard the nazis * favorably * compared to another foreign power -- and not without good reason . 
  i absolutely do n't blame the baltic states for siding with the germans . 
  they certainly were not saints to the people , but they were better than the ussr . 
  of course , the museum did n't go into the apparent participation of some elements in the baltics in the holocaust ... 
  haha , that 's awesome . 
  i think it 's an english loanword ( it 's possible it came from somewhere else ) , but russians use `` klass '' similarly to mean something like `` cool '' . 
  i think the fact that norway is a nato ally precludes any threat of `` liberation '' ... 
  the main seat of us power is n't just military bases , but carrier groups . 
  we have around twelve entire floating aircraft base throughout the oceans of the world that can relocate themselves anywhere . 
  i 've never been , but my parents went skiing in austria in the 70s . 
  i plan to go at some point after i move to the uk . 
  obama just ca n't get enough surstr\u00f6mming . 
  if god 's on your side , you do n't * need * science . 
  do the incessant nazi comments get frustrating ? 
  i think it 's more that germany has a high population , and germans tend to use us social media sites . 
  it 's natural that the amount of surveillance will scale with population size -- it reminds me a bit of [ this xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/1138/ ) . 
  then , there 's the fact that germany has a relatively open immigration policy meaning there 's a fair amount of foreign middle eastern workers there . 
  many of the 9/11 hijackers were based in a cell in hamburg , so there 's definitely a radical islamic presence in germany . 
  and there 's russia , too , but russians do n't use facebook like western europeans do -- they tend to stick to domestic sites like vkontakte . 
  prism only targets things like facebook , youtube , etc -- sites under us jurisdiction . 
  quite frankly i 'm fairly surprised that people have n't realized this -- it seems pretty obvious to me why the majority of queries targeted people based in germany . 
  it 's really just math . 
  it can be either . 
  companies can spy on other companies , or governments can spy on foreign companies on behalf of their domestic corporations . 
  personally i do n't see any evidence that it was occurring . 
  i still do n't see any actual evidence of industrial espionage occurring , though . 
  it all seems to be vague implications and rumors . 
  they 're going for european gold at the moment . 
  saudi arabia are still world champs though . 
  if there 's a large enough market for it , some isp will decide to implement it and , if people care enough , they 'll make tons of money . 
  this is a problem totally solvable by the market -- in fact , there already were isps offering filtering . 
  i really do n't see the need for legislation here . 
  personally , i would definitely not assume it 's scottish ; it sounds quite distinct . 
  geordie has a sing-songy quality that a scottish accent does n't really have . 
  i do n't know how i 'd place it ... i could definitely place it on the british isles , but further than that , i 'd be stumped . 
  hey , sorry to get back to this so late . 
  i had a reply typed out and completely lost it !, 
  i was in newcastle over the holidays , from about november-january . 
  i really loved it . 
  the city center is one of the most picturesque in england , if not europe , in my opinion . 
  the public transit seemed to work quite well also -- there was a big snowstorm where they had to shut it down , but other than that it was fine . 
  i was in lemington , so a little far from the city center , but overall i was very impressed with the city . 
  i ca n't understand your accent though !, 
  when i spoke directly to a person , it was fine , but it was impossible for me to evesdrop on a conversation -- the geordiness was too much . 
  yes , i know . 
  though i do n't quite know why it 's relevant ... 
  weird , the us -- the entire country -- burned copies of the dixie chicks ' records ? 
  oh wait , no , it was a small percentage of their conservative southern fanbase . 
  saying `` the us '' did it is , well , pretty dumb . 
  ... i agree celsius and the metric system is better . 
  be aware of the taxation requirements if you decide to claim us citizenship !, 
  it does have advantages though , i.e. 
  having access to the us labor market . 
  haha !, 
  even americans make that mistake , especially now that i live in san francisco . 
  for reference , it 's currently 52 % humidity in copenhagen and 92 % in columbia , sc . 
  ... have you been to south carolina ? 
  the humidity is extremely high . 
   28 degrees being from south carolina , hearing europeans talk about temperature is so cute  though , i definitely understand you do n't have the facilities to deal with the heat that we do . 
  it 's like when we get snow -- everybody freaks out and things shut down . 
  i had n't thought about that ; i wonder how it influences the electoral landscape ? 
  i 'm sure they spy on foreign organizations . 
  that 's just ` espionage ' . 
  when they start handing over organizational secrets to american companies , then it becomes ` industrial espionage ' . 
  i do n't really agree that it 's hypocritical , to be honest . 
  i was providing a reason that bahhumbugger probably does . 
  i 'm sure there are individuals in the german government who are being hypocritical , but overall the pressure is good . 
  i feel like it 's too `` extroverted '' though , if that makes any sense . 
  but ireland !, 
  people in us government are doing things to attempt to stop the nsa , but it never gets posted here . 
  if it was posted here , it would be removed . 
  of course it is n't , this is / r/europe . 
  the us is n't in europe . 
  ah , i thought they 'd ran queries directly against the databases . 
   it 's assumed ( and imo not improbable ) . 
  with the nsa saving everything or nearly everything do you think they just delete everything they find that looks like it might be a proprietary secret ? 
  in general , yes . 
  there 's a difference between tracking people for national security purposes and actually passing proprietary economic information to us companies . 
  it seems like quite an extraordinary claim ... i will view it skeptically for now . 
  it 's possible the guardian will release more information about the scandal to provide some backing , but until i see something more than speculation , i am not convinced . 
  i have never seen a shred of evidence about economic espionage with prism . 
  is there anything to support it other than random speculation ? 
  with bnd 's cooperation with the nsa , and since they were directly using some of nsa 's surveillance tools , i 'd be surprised if they 'd allow it if there was any type of economic espionage going on ... 
  that 's true . 
  the treaty seems largely ceremonial , but i hope this is progress for germany . 
  it just seems like most of the outrage from continental europe is external towards the auscannzukus countries rather than introspective toward their own intelligence agencies who not only let it happen but actively used the systems in question . 
  germany was cooperating with the nsa and ran queries against xkeyscore . 
   spy on us and we will pretend to be offended it seems like it 's `` spy on us , and we 'll pretend to be offended , even though our own intelligence analysts directly ran queries against xkeyscore and received intelligence from prism ! '', 
  there 's been a strange lack of introspection from continental europe about the espionage revelations ... 
  pensions take up far more of the budget , and , because of narrowing demographics , there 's a grey-haired budget bomb that 's slowly dropping .
