  the large majority of americans have medical insurance . 
  massachusetts as well . 
  i think a lot of them blame american imperialism . 
  i do n't really see how you can defend leveraging your entire economy to the price of oil as defensible in any way , but there you go . 
  if the red army had crossed the vistula earlier rather than let the partisans and nazis slug it out , the outcome may have been different . 
  the rising was started with the idea of relief from the ussr or the western allies . 
  it was n't meant to stand on its own . 
  there 's actually a very easy way to avoid us prison : do n't hack into american government systems and steal credit card details . 
  is it normal for the polish president to get involved directly in politics like this or does he primarily play a ceremonial role like the german president ? 
  i had thought the latter , for some reason . 
  they 're not any different to any other comments i see about american or russian tourists . 
  there 's a problem with british behavior abroad that needs to be honestly addressed . 
  british people get so defensive about the uk . 
  it 's weird . 
  i do n't see that kind of knee jerk defensiveness from any other nationality except americans . 
  they 've clearly never seen fake taxi . 
  do you think that environmental groups should be allowed to push for green legislation ? 
  bachelor 's is an undergraduate degree . 
  `` graduate degree '' means masters or higher . 
  the eu is a fundamentally neoliberal organization so anti-capitalists generally do n't like it . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm not worried about the conservatives ' policies either !, 
  he did n't go entirely to the left , true . 
  i am concerned about the unintended consequences of some of his economic policies , though . 
  it is true that labour 's promoting hard brexit as well , but i think the perception was the labour would be slightly softer than the tories , rightly or wrongly . 
  i do think it 'll shift the political zeitgeist away from a head-on confrontation with europe and , hopefully , into something a bit less combative . 
  i went through the process ( without a lawyer or anything ) a few years ago , so if your friend needs any help i would be happy to share my experience . 
  also , the forum http://talk.uk-yankee.com/ is * amazing * . 
  people there are insanely friendly and have forgotten more about immigration rules than i 've ever learned . 
  i like that the mandate for a hard brexit was dealt a blow . 
  i also like the fact that a hung parliament means corbyn 's harmful economic ideas will not make any headway while the conservatives ' harmful social and brexit-negotiation ideas may be blocked by even a single rebellious mp . 
  my real hope is that when may is ( inevitably ) replaced , someone from the moderate cameron/osborne wing of the party replaces her . 
  edit : i should probably clarify ... i 'm using `` happy '' because this is , in my view , one of the least bad ( or less bad ) feasible scenarios . 
  my dream team would have been a massive lib dem surge supporting a moderate blairite labour . 
  that ai n't happening , though . 
  that 's one of the massive upsides here : hard brexit just got its mandate squashed . 
  though , to be fair , labour were promising hard brexit too . 
  as a centrist , i 'm very happy to see may curtailed , but i do n't see a path back to the center from here . 
  this historic loss is going to be theresa may 's legacy . 
  and as an immigrant in the uk who 's had to deal with her bullshit nativist policies while she was home secretary , good riddance . 
  so much schadenfreude right now . 
  you * definitely * do n't want to be judging the qualifying rounds . 
  if she ca n't * make * generalizations with her vagina , she can at least crush them to a paste if this thread is to be believed . 
   literally all they have in common are that they 're woman tories . 
  absolutely . 
  a two-second view of their policies would show that the paternalistic populist nativism of may is nothing like the market-based liberalism of thatcher . 
  may proposed price caps on energy . 
  can you imagine what thatcher would do if she 'd seen that policy ? 
  no , you 're the only one , everyone else in this thread is super seriously agreeing with the op . 
  i wo n't buy american food ... unless i want to , of course !, 
  a lot of corporate tax gets passed on to labor anyway . 
  if you look at tax incidence it 's not particularly progressive . 
  you ... realize this is n't emblematic of a normal american diet , right ? 
  i do n't think anyone in the thread is saying that there are n't potential problems with germany 's trade surplus : critical economic analysis of various countries ' trade policy is important , and there are lots of points to be made for and against german trade policy . 
  calling germany `` bad , very bad '' , however , is absolutely not the way to discuss it . 
  and trump still seems to have incredibly incorrect ideas about the eu common market . 
  my ford focus is manual . 
  most cars sold here , ford or otherwise , are manual . 
  i think macron pretty squarely fits the definition of a neoliberal . 
  that 's one reason i 'm excited about his presidency : global neoliberalism has been under assault lately . 
  here , there is no possible liberal outcome for the june election : both labour and the conservatives are led by deeply illiberal candidates . 
  hopefully macron can revitalize that strain of political thought . 
   ban lobbying  really ? 
  you would n't allow environmental groups to push for pro-environment green legislation ? 
  just before the us election , when it looked like a lock for hillary , i was * so * excited to be able to gloat to my british friends about how they 'd brexited but we had managed to stem the tide of populism . 
  take the chance i did n't get . 
  i am legitimately excited to bathe in french condescension . 
  macron seems like a really interesting guy , and i hope his presidency will prove better than hollande 's . 
  i have n't been this excited about a french election since segolene royal was running against sarkozy . 
  this conspiracy goes up even higher than i first thought ... 
  i 'm not sure austerity is the only axis of neoliberalism , though . 
  personally i think it 's a horribly defined term -- people on reddit tend to use `` neoliberal '' to mean `` anything i do n't like '' -- but neoliberalism seems to have an internationalist component to it , too . 
  macron seems more neoliberal to my eyes as he seems to be more pro-eu , pro-international trade , etc. , while fillon is a definite euroskeptic and seems more protectionist . 
  he seems very similar , in terms of policy and political outlook , to the orange booker wing of the liberal democrats, 
  hmmmm ... i remember we did a whole unit on space in my history class . 
  yuri gagarin and valentina tereshkova were definitely mentioned . 
  rabbit 's pretty common in the uk, 
  i have n't heard it in the uk , though, 
  interesting , i 've never heard chin-chin . 
  is it a regional thing ? 
  haha !, 
  i never realized . 
  what kind of tacos , crunchy tex-mex style , flour tortillas , or corn tortillas ? 
  are tacos commonly eaten in norway ? 
  yes , definitely . 
  that was difficult to get used to !, 
  i am in the uk , i do n't know how big it is in the states . 
  oh god , the archers . 
  i just ca n't do it . 
  in our time is more my style . 
  that 's strange to me . 
  i moved from the us to the uk and i was honestly shocked by the * lack * of culture shock . 
  i went there expecting workplace attitudes , etc. 
  to be quite different , but honestly i felt more `` culture shock '' ( if you want to call it that ) moving from my small town in south carolina to san francisco than i did moving from sf to the united kingdom . 
  i found russia to be the place i felt most out of my depth . 
  the people were brilliant when you met them in a personal setting -- incredibly friendly , always willing to share a drink , and overall a great time . 
  but if you met them in a `` professional '' setting ( e.g. 
  trying to buy a train ticket ) , it was * so * difficult -- i found it much easier in china , ukraine , or other european countries , despite even speaking a bit of russian . 
  fair enough !, 
  fair enough . 
  personally i 'm more of a radio 4 guy , unless they 're doing radio dramas .
