  the requirement was to build a car that meets emissions standards , not just `` pass a test '' . 
  do n't be an idiot just for the sake of being contrary . 
  volkswagen * willfully conspired to defraud a regulatory agency * . 
  that 's a * huge * deal , and is not a `` revamp of the pathetic anti-airbus campaign '' , it 's a blatantly illegal move . 
  til where the term `` telemark skiing '' comes from . 
  no worse than a fucking chip butty . 
  a * chip butty * . 
  what the fuck . 
  american bacon is pork belly . 
  do you like pork belly ? 
  you 'll like american bacon . 
  farmers are n't idiots . 
  if gm crops are more expensive and lower yielding they 'll die out overnight . 
  lots of drug/health companies are swiss e.g. 
  well , yes , i do n't mean his diction . 
  it 's more about the depth and tenor of his voice . 
  he was stationed in east germany as a kgb officer for some long number of years . 
  how is his german ? 
  i 'd imagine it would be quite good -- he seems more `` fluid '' than when he speaks english . 
  i 've always found putin 's voice interesting . 
  he does n't speak english often so i do n't hear him talk all that much ... it does n't seem to jive with his tough-guy image . 
  he sounds more like a modest businessman , imo . 
  example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awwad-jdwdg ( also he has a really loud tongue ), 
  you mean a single russian restaurant changed the name of their cheese , and , despite some small amount of anti-european sentiment , no official governmental action at all was taken against european dairy products ? 
  i do n't think it 's similar at all . 
  surely they would n't just trust a stranger asking for a gun ? 
  it 's because he 's anti-western . 
  well damn , we need more immigrants !, 
  what about unskilled or non working partners of british citizens ? 
  * all * non-eea citizens ? 
  australians , americans , kiwis , canadians , indians working legitimate jobs and paying taxes included ? 
  same here , though obviously things are much cheaper in the us . 
  when i go home to visit my family sometimes i 'll stock up on electronics . 
  i also order cross-border a lot : bergzeit and bergfreunde are two german mountaineering shops that provide really prompt delivery to the uk . 
   i think europe should close its borders and say `` running from isis ? 
  we did not cause it , ask the americans . '', 
  interesting . 
  so you think no european countries were involved in the invasion of iraq ? 
  what kind of work did your father do over there , out of curiosity ? 
  i 'm going to go climbing at one of london 's many indoor walls for a while , then have a relatively quiet evening . 
  it 's a bank holiday weekend but i have no plans -- monday i might try to do some or all of the clarendon way with my girlfriend . 
  not more than their fake-tan budget , though . 
  that 's the top line item . 
  superior western culture smells a lot like asparagus . 
  yes , and * all * european countries took a stand against them . 
  many eu countries were beating the war drums too . 
  til singapore is a developing country . 
  polvo a lagareiro is a personal favorite . 
  i could eat \u0160altibar\u0161\u010diai all day every day . 
  that remains one of my favorite european foods full stop . 
  their obvious bias is irritating . 
  i think wikileaks would be great of they targeted everyone . 
  they specifically focus on the west , however . 
  i want them to focus on other countries as well , eg push for documents around russia 's activities in ukraine . 
  the economist is british . 
  even after exceeding 100k you still do n't have to pay until certain circumstances are met . 
  seems like a natural fit for contactless . 
  actually they smell lovely . 
  all the hfcs leaks out and gives them a pleasant , floral aroma . 
  wait you 're telling me that was n't a bag of oregano ? 
  i thought snoop just liked pizza . 
  why are you surprised ? 
  european history is full of atrocities . 
  russia is just living up to historical precedent . 
  also known as the `` shaggy defense '', 
  i believe the uss constitution is still in active service . 
  i have to get a neck massage every time i return from the netherlands since my head tends to be rolled back every time i have a conversation . 
  maybe i just need to buy some stilts . 
  do you understand how an interview works ? 
  65k ton carrier with no catobar . 
  they did n't really have a choice -- it 's stovl or helicopters . 
  super hornets were out of the question . 
  a really fantastic , gut-wrenching occupation museum . 
  from everything i saw in riga , the occupation museum had the greatest impact on me going further . 
  i still think about my visit there ( five years ago ) today . 
  a skilled worker with an art degree ? 
  it 's not that easy to get a skilled worker visa ; they do n't grow on trees . 
  stinking bishop is one of my personal favorites . 
  objectively , fgm is worse than mgm ... but both are still gm . 
  at least fgm is illegal in all developed nations whereas mgm is still practiced regularly in some ( especially the usa ) . 
  i do n't see why advocates of the two causes are often at odds . 
  it seems like nonconsensual child mutilation is bad in all cases . 
  abortion should n't be used as a plan a , as it is in some countries , but it seems to make sense as a plan b. contraceptives fail , even when used properly . 
  if a woman is on the pill and happens to be in the 0.01 % or a couple uses a condom that breaks and a pregnancy occurs abortion is an entirely reasonable step and there is probably no need for extensive counseling beforehand ( note : i do n't have a problem with a reasonable fee ) . 
  information and education about proper use of non-abortive birth control definitely would be reasonable though . 
  not unless they have spectacularly bad aim , 
  it was n't too long ago that the raf was lobbing bombs into us embassies . 
  to be fair , the uk does n't need it . 
  fbar is only disclosure . 
  there 's no obligation . 
  i do my own taxes and i live abroad . 
  seriously ? 
  i 've never had any problems at all killing american soldiers in video games . 
  it seems a bit bizarre to me to overly anthropomorphize characters from a video game just because you share a nationality . 
  weight of a person is almost always imperial as well . 
  i was n't being serious ... i thought it was just a bit of banter ? 
  i can dial it down a bit if you like . 
  how about this : as long as you believe in yourself , you can be a winner too !, 
  also , all cheese in the us are definitely kraft singles . 
  yep .
