  part of me thinks it 's time to seriously ask the question : are sovereign governments responsible enough to properly run a defined-benefit pension scheme ? 
  they were incredibly courageous during ww2 , despite being fucked over by the allied powers . 
  i visited the warsaw rising museum in warsaw ; it completely enlightened me to how poland suffered in ww2 . 
  they 've really been fucked over by foreigners for a lot of their history , but i 'm awed by how nothing seems to keep them down . 
  perogies are delicious . 
  they seem to be getting better and better economically every day . 
  the whole `` poland is a shithole '' stereotype is becoming less and less relevant ( despite what / r/polandball may claim ) . 
  they 're quite pro-american for a european country . 
  it 's a tone thing , i think . 
  as an immigrant to the uk , i 'm starting to get legitimately scared . 
  they 're already planning to make immigrants pay for the nhs ( even though we already pay national insurance ) , and they 're discussing making immigrants ineligible for organ transplants . 
  i was just being sarcastic about shipping belgian mussels to california  i see mussels all the time at the store , but i 've never tried to make them , even though i absolutely love moules frites . 
  maybe i should give it a try . 
  do mussels ship well ? 
  rocks and monkeys are n't so much stereotypes as just geographical features . 
  i 'm from the us . 
  we certainly conform to the `` new york exists '' stereotype . 
  with polandball comics like yours , you gain the right to any flair you choose . 
  i 'm in silicon valley at the moment . 
  even here competent programmers are hard to find . 
  i interviewed a woman a few months ago wanting a backend developer position who did n't know what a sql `` join '' was . 
  she literally had n't heard the term . 
  i had to take some time on andorra , liechtenstein , san marino and the like ( mainly due to shaky hands ) . 
  the uk is one of the more ( if not the most ) difficult countries to immigrate to in the eu , and with ukip on the rise , that wo n't change anytime soon . 
  sweden , germany , and ireland seem to be more reasonable . 
  i 'd reverse the fourth and third steps  . 
  visa processes can be quite complicated , and it 's helpful to have an idea of your rights and responsibilities as a foreign jobseeker . 
  every other country , really . 
  though germany has a special jobseeker 's visa . 
  off-topic , but you have french flair ... i went to monaco on a european trip in high school . 
  our tour guide said that the monegasque ( monacan ? 
  royal family were quite popular celebrity figures in france , as france has no monarchy of their own -- maybe something like the popularity of the british monarchy in the usa . 
  is that true ? 
  someone has to work as a waiter at the fancy restaurants . 
  i believe they do have a local population , though i 'd be interested in the expat : local ratio . 
  any of the locals probably * are * millionaires if they own any property . 
  she ... what ? 
  there are tons of organic ( and gmo ) tomatoes in the us . 
  i do n't notice any difference in taste between british and american tomatoes ( my girlfriend is british ; i 'm actually immigrating in 3 weeks ) . 
  people will . 
  defense contractors , eu-based large multinationals , and others with particularly sensitive information will think twice . 
  aaah , ok . well , it 's still really good regardless . 
   i 've forced myself to solve quite a lot grammar exercises ( english grammar in use by raymond murphy , quite a handy book ) with , as you can clearly see by reading this post , mediocre results . 
  this reminds me of the classic movie scene where the amazingly beautiful girl looks in the mirror and says `` i 'm so fat today ! '', 
  i 'm not propagating reasons for the nsa to spy on german citizens . 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea , i do n't think it 's justified , and i do n't think it should continue . 
  * defending * spying and * offering reasons * for it are two separate things . 
  i was curious when the news came out as to why the nsa seemed to target germany . 
  the poster i replied to seemed to indicate it was due to industrial espionage -- i just think there are many other reasons that have nothing to do with industrial espionage . 
  and the cooperation of the german intelligence service makes industrial espionage , to me , a pretty far-fetched idea . 
  i doubt it -- russia has a great deal of islamic radicalism , especially in chechnya , dagestan , and other regions near the caucuses . 
  prism , however , targeted american internet services like facebook . 
  vkontakte is the primary social network in russia , yandex is a popular search engine , neither of which are affiliated with any us company . 
  facebook penetration is much higher in germany , meaning they 're easier targets for prism . 
  also , fyi , i do n't think it 's * right * -- i 'm not defending the nsa 's actions here . 
  i just do n't see any reason to suspect industrial espionage . 
  i think , though , that if you 're looking at raw amount of surveillance , it will obviously be proportional to population . 
  errrr , oops ... i meant eu  anyway , and i 'm fully speaking out of my ass here , i 'd imagine most social networking activity in russia is done on sites such as vkontakte , which the nsa obviously would n't have a relationship with . 
  well ... it 's got the largest population in ~ ~ europe ~ ~ the eu . 
  naturally it would have the most surveillance directed against it . 
  in addition , there 's a large middle eastern population in germany , especially berlin , due to germany 's relatively pro-immigration work visa policy -- in fact , i recall a story posted in / r/europe recently about islamic radicalism gaining a foothold in germany . 
  i know it 's not necessarily contemporary , but several 9/11 hijackers were based in hamburg ( google hamburg cell ) . 
  there are plenty of reasons other than industrial espionage . 
  keep in mind , german intelligence agencies knew about and cooperated with nsa surveillance . 
  i doubt they 'd give the ok to industrial espionage . 
  anti-gmo hysteria seems to be europe 's creationism . 
  i have to say , reading this article , it seems to be all pretty ... well , normal . 
  an american company feels it 's being treated unfairly by a german state ( whether or not it is ... that 's a different discussion ) , so they appeal to the embassy to help negotiate . 
  this is a very common practice and happens all over the world . 
   this is industrial espionage and it hurts us every single day . 
  i do n't know , i have n't seen a shred of evidence that prism is being used for industrial espionage . 
  it seems pretty far-fetched to me . 
  that 's 2.4 % annual growth ( if current trends continue ) ? 
  not bad !, 
  hopefully the uk can pull itself out of the mire ... 
  yeah , agreed . 
  art provides greater social good when displayed rather than horded away in a vault as an investment . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  interestingly enough , cap gains on art are ( as far as i can tell ) taxed at a higher rate than cap gains on stock ( 28 % vs 15 % ), 
  do n't you still have to pay capital gains tax ? 
  in the usa , at least , any asset sold for a higher price than its cost basis is liable for capital gains . 
  france had the protests , but have they actually regressed ? 
  they passed it , correct ? 
  one of the greatest computer scientists in history -- hell , the guy who 's * responsible * for computer science -- got thrown in jail and driven to take his own life because he liked men . 
  `` look , i do n't have a * problem * with quantum chromodynamics , per se . 
  i just do n't know how to explain it to my son . 
  that 's why i 'm here beating the shit out of brian greene . '', 
  oh , certainly , that 's a part of it too . 
  it 's a self-fulfilling negative feedback cycle , unfortunately . 
  people view risk-takers who 've failed negatively because not enough people have done it , and people do n't do it because risk-takers who fail are viewed negatively . 
  it 's actually true -- outside inner-city urban `` cores '' , violent and property crime is on par with western europe . 
  i 'm not going to touch his `` white americans '' comment -- i do n't like the racial implications of that ( inner cities tend to be inhabited by poor black families , inner cities are where the vast majority of crimes are committed , but this is more due to a history of disenfranchisement ) -- but crime in the us does tend to be highly localized . 
  as a tourist , for example , you 'd be as safe in the usa as you would be in germany . 
  i do n't have time to look up a source at the moment as i 'm at work , but i can find one later . 
  from what i understand , having a business go under in the eu is seen as quite negative on a cv and can kill a career . 
  in the us , though , failure 's looked at quite differently . 
  that makes us entrepreneurs more willing to take risks , i guess . 
  gmx has a us data center in kansas , meaning they 're still bound by us disclosure laws . 
  it 's harder to raise funding in europe too , meaning ( i 'd imagine ) it 's harder to grow quickly . 
  most people get their phone subsidized .
