  it 's like a naive young girl in a film . 
  basically a character archetype . 
  really ? 
  i 'm surprised you managed to avoid it , it 's everywhere here !, 
  i do n't listen to radio 1 , but my girlfriend has it on sometimes ( or heart ) and it comes on quite a lot . 
  here in the uk ( and the us , as you 've noted ) it 's always given annually before tax . 
  peru !, 
  then , in august , back to the us for a week to visit my family . 
  spend all your food money travelling . 
  two birds , one stone !, 
  have you heard of michael jordan ? 
  bloody meat in general will spoil super quickly . 
  blood is definitely eaten , generally as sausage in the west or congealed in the east , but this is prepared and stored separately . 
  there 's a reason they hang the animal upside down after slaughter . 
  this guy appears to be german ... i have eaten my share of german cuisine but i 've * never * seen or heard of bloody cuts of meat . 
  have you ever killed a chicken ? 
  literally the first thing you do is drain the blood by hanging it upside down for a while . 
  there should be little to no blood left in the meat after this . 
  i 've * never * heard of keeping chicken blood in the meat . 
  are you sure it 's actual blood in the chicken and not myoglobin or some other natural juice ? 
  chickens are almost always drained of blood in the slaughterhouse ... usually the reddish liquid you see in meat is n't blood but myoglobin . 
  you have to brine it first to keep it from drying out . 
   fried chicken really good , buttermilk-brined fried chicken is a thing of beauty . 
  i agree that the voting system is very flawed , but calling the us not a democracy seems a bit hyperbolic . 
  the uk has a similar problem with its fptp system , but i do n't think anyone would say the uk is n't democratic . 
  nice . 
  there 's a similar system here in the uk with railcards , but they can be quite restrictive . 
  rail transit is , unfortunately , very expensive here compared to the continental equivalent . 
  part of this is due to the incredibly inefficient privatization of the rails here ( i used to work in the rail industry so i had an under-the-hood view of how bad it is ) . 
  have you ever been to a developing nation ? 
  how much is the card ? 
  in my experience travelling around europe and living in the uk , european cities tend to be far more centralized so trains are much more practical : you can take the train to the city center , then walk or take public transit to your destination . 
  this works in some us cities -- especially in the northeast -- but in a lot of places you have this massive urban sprawl that makes further transit from the city center impossible without a car . 
  that 's not to excuse us public transit systems -- they tend to be very underfunded and far shoddier than their european equivalent -- but i think urban design does limit a robust system in the states . 
  socially . 
  not economically . 
  i 'd define protectionism , at a broad stroke , as the idea that trade between states should be impeded or restrained to protect local producers from foreign competition . 
  he 's said things like this :  in the house and senate , i voted against all of these terrible trade agreements , nafta , cafta , permanent normal trades relations with china . 
  republicans and democrats , they say , `` oh , we 'll create all these jobs by having a trade agreement with china . '', 
  well , the answer is , they were wrong , wrong , wrong . 
  over the years , we have lost millions of decent paying jobs . 
  these trade agreements have forced wages down in america so the average worker in america today is working longer hours for lower wages . 
  i was asking . 
  you said that many of his policies are mainstream ; i was curious if protectionism is a mainstream political viewpoint in denmark . 
  when i worked in london i 'd see them every day in waterloo station . 
  i 'd see armed officers with submachine guns quite regularly as well , though it was n't an everyday occurrence . 
  i work in a smaller city ( or rather large town ) now and i do n't see them too often . 
  usually they 're riding around in cars . 
  protectionist trade policy is mainstream in denmark ? 
  corbyn 's manifesto is n't * that * left-wing though , and i do n't think there 's anything in there that sanders would find too far left . 
  sanders tends to be quite protectionist , though , so he may want to expand promises about tariffs , etc. 
  that 's interesting , here in the uk and in the us the green party tends to be quite economically illiberal to the point that people throw around jokes about them being `` watermelon '' parties ( green on the outside , red on the inside ) . 
  i really like the idea of an economically-liberal environmentalist party . 
  neighbours was pretty huge in the uk . 
  my girlfriend is a teacher and she sees them * everywhere * ( disregard the flair , i live in the uk ) . 
  pretty short among british or american men , but not stick-out-in-a-crowd short . 
  just get-id 'd - all-the-time short . 
  i 'm 1.7 m. 
  i feel like a dwarf when i 'm in the netherlands . 
   although i do n't know if there 's many things to do there . 
   do you like potatoes ? 
   with such brilliant people living in the country , someone could confuse me for a russian and put a bullet in me . 
   put a bullet in you ? 
  they 'd give you a job in the white house . 
  colorado or california would be right up your street . 
  the bay area has loads of tech companies , including at least spacex among other space research companies . 
  there 's the lawrence livermore national laboratory or , if you 'd rather go down south , jpl . 
  by far the most difficult part of moving countries , for me , is leaving behind my social network ( not facebook/etc . , but the network of friends , family , and acquaintances i had in the us ) . 
  it 's difficult to completely transplant yourself into a new country . 
  i was lucky because i was joining my partner , and she already had a group of friends i could fit into . 
  even now , though , 3 years after i 've moved , i am still feeling like i am not quite fully `` fit in '' : i 've always been an avid lover of the outdoors , and none of my current social group enjoys camping , fishing , climbing , etc. 
  basically , it 's difficult . 
  to address one of your points , though : one thing that * was n't * difficult was finding work . 
  employers definitely recognized my american credentials and past work experience ; i work in a relatively in-demand field though ( software engineering/big data ) . 
  his kid , tyger , is dylan on cuckoo . 
  he 's really funny . 
  out of curiosity , have you done much travelling through southern europe ? 
  or mainland china ? 
  i 'm from the american south , where okra 's almost a staple food . 
  okra 's delicious !, 
  i like it fried , steamed , stewed ... it 's just generally good . 
  i love tripe . 
  the bulgarians have a stew called shkembe chorba that 's really tasty . 
  i 'd highly recommend it !, 
  it 's absolutely worth going . 
  i visited the rainforest near arenal and the coast near liberia . 
  i 'd highly recommend both , but the rainforest was absolutely spectacular and like nothing i 'd ever seen . 
  if you happen to go to the coast , make sure to do some fishing !, 
  we caught some of the best tuna i 've ever had , especially since it had been swimming in the morning . 
  i 've been to costa rica and it 's * lovely * . 
  the people there are super nice . 
  pura vida !, 
  street rat !, 
  in parts of the us they 're so overpopulated that you can kill them without any sort of license . 
  in some states they 'll even pay you for proof that you 've killed a boar . 
  op said that the us would n't be allowed in the eu ; i was simply providing a counterexample of a country with a similar system that had already been granted accession . 
  the uk is in the eu and has a first-past-the-post system as well . 
  the conservatives received 33 % of the vote but an outright majority in parliament . 
  how is that more democratic ? 
   brexiteers did make a bit of hay on the idea of `` repatriating '' fishing rights from the common fisheries policy and that may have encouraged stupid people to vote their way but this was anomalous and in any case scotland which has the largest ( relative ) fleet voted mostly in .
