  i moved from san francisco , so i think i 'm one of the few americans to move abroad and notice * more * fat people . 
  it 's a common enough phrase in american english that it does n't carry undertones of flippancy or dismissiveness . 
  yes , he was clearly completely serious . 
  if it were in germany 's interests to let the baltics burn , they 'd do it , too . 
  every country acts in its own interests ... why do people trot out this line like it 's new information ? 
  there is , rules of procedure are set out in one of the annexes . 
  page 472 . 
  to what extent does gb 's island status affect its seasons and weather ? 
  also i have a question about the san francisco bay area , but it 's not european . 
  is it something you would/could answer ? 
  prosciutto is widely available in the us ... 
  yeah , tesco special brew is n't exactly the tipple of a beer connoisseur . 
  nope , real ales are much weaker alcohol-wise . 
  what a stupid thing to say . 
  we 're taught extensively about portugal in history classes , and it 's a really famous country !, 
  sounds like you might be a little ignorant of portuguese history if you do n't think it 's a well known country . 
  putin said to put a stop to all the anti-russian trolling . 
  his advisors simply misunderstood . 
  it 's not too long from poland . 
  i took a bus from warsaw to vilnius and it was quite manageable . 
  plus , the baltics are beautiful countries in their own right . 
  imo , it 's worth a trip just to visit them . 
  `` let me tell you about your country ... '', 
  keep in mind there are tons of kick-back-with-a-beer tourist spots in the states . 
  going abroad would be more about experiencing a unique culture . 
  i 'll eat paella and jamon iberico all day err ' day . 
  what 's an example of a film filmed this way ? 
  i recommend estonia to all my friends who visit europe . 
  actually they 're quite cheap -- at least , iceland air used to offer a really cheap nyc -  reykjavik flight . 
  it 's a beautiful country , really . 
  i traveled through russia for a couple of months a few years ago and had a blast . 
  the people are lovely ( unless you meet them in an `` official '' form , e.g. 
  purchasing a ticket ) , the scenery is awesome , and it 's cheap !, 
  i really want to go back , especially to siberia . 
  i do n't think that 's a particularly mainstream view at all . 
  one of my texas cousins studied in amsterdam and absolutely loved it . 
  yeah , they definitely could do a better job promoting portugal in the us , at least . 
  it 's not something that immediately comes to mind when you think of european holiday destinations . 
  as above , i 'm guessing the thought process was `` would i spend $ xk on a flight to this country ? '', 
  well , keep in mind that traveling to europe for americans is a little different to traveling around europe for europeans . 
  the flights are * much * more expensive and take a lot longer , so it 's definitely something that happens a lot less often . 
  i 'd imagine people here are running a cost-benefit analysis rather than just thinking `` if i had infinite money would i want to visit ? '', 
  leisure sites are available much more cheaply domestically . 
  they 'd probably * rather * visit spain than portugal as spain is more famous ( in the states ) for the kind of things americans would seek when visiting europe , i.e. 
  famous cities , landmarks , historical sites , etc. 
  i am still surprised it 's so low . 
  for moldova and ukraine , fair enough ... but i ca n't think of any bad american stereotypes about portugal . 
  my only guess is that it would be eclipsed by other countries . 
  i guess it depends on exactly how the question was worded ( e.g. 
  if it were `` would you visit this country on a trip to europe ? '', 
  then i can see why it would n't do as well ) . 
  war plan red was one of many war plans created by the us general staff . 
  after the success of the prussian ( and later german ) general staff as shown through world war 1 , many countries set up something similar . 
  they likely had plans to invade just about * any * country . 
  in fact , i 'm sure the british ran war scenarios against the united states . 
  there was no definite alliance between the us and uk at the time ( like with nato today ) , so of course there was a plan . 
  the plan would likely never be put into action , though . 
  but if you 're a paid shill then i do n't have to think about your opinions and can dismiss them out of hand !, 
  it 's so much easier !, 
  `` blyad suka ... bad soup ? 
  colonel , do n't eat the soup , sir ! '', 
  isis and isil are just different translations of the same arabic name , i believe . 
  regardless , the correct term these days is just is -- they changed their name to simply `` islamic state '' . 
  there is literally no need to be a dick . 
  fuck off back to / r/worldnews, 
  weather is one of the most complex natural systems to exist on the planet . 
  even with our level of technology and huge amount of weather sats orbiting the earth , predicting something like a fog bank is impossible given what we know today . 
  they * would * have cancelled the flight if there was definite inclement weather . 
  let me ask you this : how do you think * anyone * could possibly predict the entirety of the weather from lithuania to miroslawiec ? 
  when the weather * does * turn , where do you suggest they go ? 
  [ here is gruta , poland on google maps ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/tocrm ) . 
  do you see an airport that can handle 6 us army heavy transport helicopters anywhere near ? 
  they made the right decision : there was a huge , unpopulated , flat expanse ... why * not * land there ? 
  i 'm not a pilot , but i used to skydive quite a lot . 
  at the drop zone , we would constantly pay attention to the weather with the pilots , but fog banks and cloud ceilings can rapidly change without much warning . 
  when it got too low we 'd cancel jumping for the day , resulting in thousands of dollars of lost income and a lot of disappointed tandem jumpers . 
  however , it 's just not worth the risk to keep flying when visibility makes it unsafe . 
  just because something * can * operate in all weather conditions does n't mean it * should * . 
  there was no extreme urgency to the mission and it was in peacetime , so there is no need to perform a more risky landing in heavy fog . 
  i 'd think the poles of all people would realize the danger of operating aircraft in adverse , foggy conditions . 
  why amateurish ? 
  it seems pretty reasonable : the fog was extremely thick , they had a safe landing area , so they went with the safer choice . 
  thick fog can lead to horrific accidents when aircraft are involved . 
  keep in mind , a few years ago a polish aircraft carrying many important officials ( including the president ) crashed in russia due in part to heavy fog . 
  the article reflects some pretty huge hyperbole on the part of the unions . 
  yes , the nhs wo n't be exempted ... but isds settlements * can not * simply sell off or privatise the nhs . 
  to give an example : imagine the nhs contracts with , say , pfizer to develop a new medication for alzheimer 's . 
  the cost of r&d for something like that is * huge * . 
  the nhs agrees to buy 10 million tablets at a cost of # 1 billion if the drug is successful and passes some amount of clinical trials -- thus giving pfizer the financial security they need to start research . 
  ten years later , pfizer 's drug has passed all the trials and is ready to be presented to the nhs . 
  it met all the hurdles of the original contract . 
  a new government is in power in westminster , however , and they refuse to buy the drugs from pfizer , leaving them with a huge financial loss . 
  isds allows pfizer to sue the government in an independent court over the breach of contract . 
  * under no circumstances can isds change the fundamental structure of the nhs . 
  * it allows investors to recoup some of their investment * if * they were treated unfairly . 
  it 's standard in any trade agreement -- in fact , the nhs is * already * subject to isds claims from any of the many other trade agreements the eu has already signed -- plus within the efta . 
  this includes a lot of the `` bad '' pharmaceutical companies that people are so worried about . 
  the ability of european nations to project power , though , is pretty pathetic . 
  granted , there 's a question as to how necessary that ability is , but take libya for example : it was an relatively minor air operation on europe 's doorstep , but france and the uk * still * relied on the us for fairly significant logistical support . 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_fnndi0bvpna/thcccvezani/aaaaaaaabye/bhgbaduxfp8/s1600/view_baltika.jpg ) .
