  * when your spaghetti 's almost-but-not-quite al dente , add the chili flakes and parsley to the oil . 
  cook this for about 30 seconds . 
  * spoon out 2-3 tbsp of pasta water , then drain the pasta . 
  * toss the spaghetti together with the olive oil . 
  if you 're using parmesan , add the handful of grated cheese in with the pasta and continue to toss the spaghetti . 
  * garnish with grated parmesan and extra parsley leaves . 
  italians , feel free to shout at me for violating some culinary law . 
  sounds like you 're on a misson to make dumplings great again . 
   they would be shocked . 
  we are currently more right wing than trump . 
  hmmm , not sure about that . 
  british politics are rough right now with the nativist brexit stuff going on , but trump 's far more to the right in terms of his anti-immigrant rhetoric and actions . 
  though you could definitely say that trump is further left on economic policy than the current tory crew . 
  in fact i 'd argue that europe took a more right-wing approach in terms of fiscal and monetary policy to the recent recession than the usa ( and suffered for it ) . 
  i think a lot of people on the west coast would n't mind being reoccupied by the british right about now ... 
  look up the judgement of paris . 
  you might be surprised at how good american wines are !, 
  unfortunately we only get the shitty ones in the uk ( barefoot , etc ) . 
  americans do n't put ketchup on pizza . 
  that image op linked is from sweden !, 
  i 'm sure i will !, 
  it 's my first time to bulgaria , so i chose borovets as i 've always wanted to visit sofia and it seems to be close enough for a day trip . 
  any suggestions for any particular bulgarian dishes i should try ? 
  hope the mountains are looking a bit whiter ... i 'm off to borovets soon to ski, 
  yeah , i still remember it . 
  that was a crazy time . 
  i know two people who order shandys . 
  one is my girlfriend 's badass grandfather , a respected zoologist who 's traveled the world and was an aviator in the second world war . 
  the other was `` that guy '' at work . 
  nobody in america puts ketchup on pasta !, 
  that 's much more typical of northern europe than the usa . 
  there was a woman who did it on a reality tv show and it was mocked nationwide . 
  edit : also , pineapple on pizza is delicious . 
  pineapple , mushrooms , ham , and sriracha sauce = dream pizza . 
  i was a student in the usa and in the uk . 
  it was very similar . 
  it 's honestly not as different as you think . 
  there 's a lot of ignorance about life in the us but it 's not a wild west where poor people and students are all homeless . 
  trump is n't religious at all . 
  he 's just throwing a bone to the base . 
  lower middle class and above . 
  life in the usa is n't as crazy as you might think it is based off what you read on reddit . 
  i do n't know about australia , but day to day life in the usa is * really * similar to the uk . 
  i 'd imagine australia is n't much different . 
  the us has always been supportive of a strong , unified europe . 
  it 's a foreign policy goal that 's been part of the bipartisan foreign policy consensus for decades . 
  that might change with the incoming administration , though . 
  shit sorry , i completely misread your comment !, 
  i agree with your edit . 
  i 'd like to see as much military cooperation between the countries of europe as possible , especially those in nato . 
  yeah , i do n't mean to doubt french military prowess : the french military has consistently proven itself highly competent , and as you said the french and british really provide military leadership in europe . 
  this reminds me , i 've read comments from us military officials made anonymously to journalists expressing frustration with the british insistence on renewing trident , hoping that the uk would invest that money into their conventional forces instead . 
  the officials looked to france as the us 's future european military partner . 
  i do n't quite understand what you mean by your comment . 
  i 'm not mocking france or anything like that : the french military is extremely competent . 
  it just brought to light some logistical troubles . 
  i 'm not saying france is responsible for the current state of libya or even that it 's more important . 
  i was just pointing out that in the parent 's list of military operations libya 's not the best example of an effective use of force by france . 
  france and the uk were supposed to spearhead air operations in libya . 
  however , they very quickly ran into logistical issues , and the us had to commit more resources than originally intended and essentially take the reins of the bombing campaign . 
  it was an embarrassing situation for france . 
  operation serval , from what i 've heard , seems to be well-executed , however . 
  to be fair , if anything libya acts as a counterexample . 
  mali and central africa definitely work though . 
  ronald mcdonald has some * really * strong views on transubstantiation . 
  she got name-dropped in a fugees song , fwiw . 
  if all my childhood ( current as well , really ) science/space heroes start dying before the new year , i suggest we officially purge this year from the record-books . 
  it 's similar in the uk . 
  most people making the big bucks are either contractors or go into management . 
  no , standard of living is n't salary at all , i do n't know why ou . 
  standard of living is what you can afford relative to your salary . 
  i 'm not just talking about sv , btw . 
  i work in the uk in a `` no-name city '' with a very reasonable salary -- i moved away from working in london for exactly that reason . 
  however , in the us , i could afford a * lot * more -- salaries in no-name cities for software engineers are much higher . 
  in fact , the london salary for a senior software engineer is still lower than a no-name city in the us 's salary ... and housing is much cheaper in the states as well . 
  i 've worked in all four `` configurations '' ( us big-city , us no-name , uk big-city , uk no-name ) and , in every case , the salary/cost of living ratio is significantly higher in the united states , at least for a software engineer . 
  other professions are probably different . 
  in the us ? 
  yes , definitely . 
  the last place i worked in the states had an unlimited annual leave policy . 
  really , the long hours you hear about are mostly from startups where employees are likely to have a stake in the company . 
  most places are 9-5 . 
  edit : i 've lived in the uk for about 3 years now , so my experiences are all relating to my time in the states before that . 
  i can look them up in a bit . 
  however , i can say from personal experience that salaries are much , much higher ( with the weak pound about double ) , and cost of living tends to be lower outside of silicon valley . 
  fwiw , i 've worked in san francisco , south carolina , london , and now a city outside of london in berkshire . 
  standards of living for a highly paid job like a software engineer are * really * high in the us . 
  definitely higher than in the uk , at least . 
  you might be underestimating the overlap between large scale investors and cunts . 
  is n't it standard practice for spacecraft sensors to have huge amounts of redundancy ? 
  i remember that the space shuttle had four flight computers that had to agree on a decision before it was actually taken . 
  maybe it uses rotational measurements to compensate for centripetal force ? 
  ukraine is game to you ?!? 
  amazon is huge in the managed cloud services market . 
  look up aws . 
  subs are more common than dubs in the us . 
  i live in the uk , and us cheese culture is n't quite up to european scratch , so i 'll answer for here . 
  i 'm partial to soft strong cheeses , so france is more my jam , but i like stinking bishop and stilton quite a lot . 
  and a nice , mature cheddar is always lovely . 
  median wage is better , and is also much higher in the usa .
