  regardless of whether you use the imf or cia numbers , the us ranks * well * below greece . 
  using imf numbers , the usa 's ratio is ~ 87.9 % . 
  greece is 155.4 % . 
  the usa is just a few percent higher than france , belgium , and the uk . 
  swaziland , uzbekistan , and haiti also rank really low in the debt/gdp calculations . 
  itt : people do n't understand how currencies work . 
  you can look in history for counter examples of either sort -- weaker economies with expensive currencies or stronger economies with cheaper currencies . 
  the french franc , for instance : it was trading at around 8 to the dollar , and the french economy was n't that much worse than the us . 
  or , for a modern example , you can look at latvia : the lat trades for almost 2 dollars , 1.4 euros , or 1.2 pounds -- and nearly 5 lithuanian litas . 
  does that mean the latvian economy is so much stronger than its neighbor lithuania , or the united states , or germany , or the uk ? 
  no , not really -- it 's just a function of available currency . 
  secondly , a `` strong '' currency refers to stability , not to the price at which it trades . 
  imagine i became dictator of zimbabwe , and i said `` from now on , there are only 2 zimbabwe dollars in the whole world ; current zimbabwe dollars will be reevaluated to zimbabwe cents , zimbabwe millicents , and zimbabwe nanocents . '', 
  the * nominal * value of the zimbabwe dollar would shoot up simply because there are less of them , but it does n't make it any less of a horrifically unstable currency . 
  it 's more important to view these things holistically . 
  occasionally higher prices reflect greater investor confidence in that particular currency ( as with any asset ) but it can only be viewed historically and as a function of its fluctuation against other currencies . 
  edit : and the most obvious ones are in east asia : 1 us dollar is 100 jpy or 8 hkd . 
  the foreign minister said that she believed some of the attackers are american . 
  i do n't remember exact numbers , though . 
  i think details are still a little scarce . 
  edit : [ her words are `` two or three '' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-24217252 ) . 
  more information will come out in the following weeks , i 'm sure . 
  * shots fired !, 
  southampton here . 
  london pride ( or another fullers brew like hsb ) is * everywhere * , also have n't seen landlord . 
  i 'm pretty new here though so my pub experience is n't too broad . 
  brewdog seems quite inspired by the us craft industry . 
  i was missing west coast ipas after i moved here but was pleasantly surprised by punk ipa . 
  do ... do some people think stout is n't beer ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i think it 's 5 % in both the usa and europe . 
  keep in mind , sometimes in the us the brewery will report abw ( alcohol by weight ) rather than abv , leading to the misconception that american beer is weaker . 
  or do you mean budweiser budvar ? 
  generally when people are asking for `` inspirational '' speakers , there 's an unspoken understanding that the speaker will be inspiring the audience to do something positive . 
  personally i do n't mind budweiser . 
  if i 'm at a bar that only serves macro euro lagers ( which i try not to be ) , i 'll get a bud ... it 's better than stella or carlsberg !, 
  i 'm talking about the czech one ( the * original * budweiser ) , of course , 
  i 've never tried westvleteren , but i can echo your recommendation for abt 12 , 
  i enjoy lambics and flemish reds , but i guess i almost classify them differently in my palate than beer . 
  at first it was really weird because i went in expecting a normal beer , but i got this winey-tasting sour stuff instead . 
  now , i almost consider them separate than , say , my favorite stout , ipa , or even trippel or dubbel , if that makes any sense . 
  i 've found st. peter 's cream stout in my local san francisco supermarket , but oddly enough i ca n't find it in any of my local markets here in the uk . 
  i 've only found their gluten-free sorgham ale . 
  their cream stout is definitely tasty . 
  i have n't tried the gluten-free one , though . 
  i like some of the weird ones too . 
  rodenbach and duchess de bourgogne are both fantastic flemish reds . 
  i 'm a fan of sours in general . 
  every time i see budweiser marketing itself as `` king of beers '' or `` america 's beer '' , i want to head-desk . 
  in the us , stella 's marketed itself as some classy premium euro-lager . 
  stout/porter is a favorite of mine as well , but unfortunately i really ca n't find a stout in any of my local pubs except guinness , which i find a little too thin . 
  most of the real ales available are bitters . 
  i think people have this idea that a stout is a `` meal in a glass '' when you 're right , it 's no more unhealthy than a stella ( and , in a couple cases like guinness , * much * lighter ) . 
  i feel like i have n't tried a broad selection of british stouts at the moment . 
  i 've had plenty of american ones -- anderson valley 's barney flats oatmeal stout , deschutes obsidian porter and green flash double stout are particular favorites -- but i 've only really had samuel smith 's oatmeal stout and st. peter 's cream stout . 
  ssos is fantastic -- it ranks , along with barney flats , as my top choice -- but i 'd like to give more domestic british stouts a try . 
  i hear fuller 's london porter is pretty nice as well . 
  ~ ~ why has n't belgium commented ? 
  there needs to be a belgian comment . ~ ~ this has been rectified !, 
  i 'm american , but in the uk ... so far , i 've really enjoyed samuel smith 's beers . 
  their oatmeal stout is fantastic . 
  i went to a beer festival over the weekend and tasted some surprisingly hoppy ipas . 
  poleaxe was a favorite . 
  i literally ca n't choose a favorite ; there are too many styles brewed domestically in the uk . 
  i ca n't even choose a favorite within a style -- there are too many i have n't tried . 
  most popular ? 
  unfortunately , speaking by purely pints drunk , it 'd have to be carling . 
  it 's sad that so many people prefer macrobrewed pale lagers in a country with such a strong history of ales ... though i guess the macrobrewed pale lager is popular everywhere , even belgium . 
  depends on the culture . 
  i think it works for france , and i would n't change it here in the uk . 
  i do n't think extreme limitations would work in the us . 
  i do n't believe in one-size-fits-all laws ... though i personally prefer hate speech limitations , i understand reasons why some countries allow it . 
  by the way , virtually all americans would defend hate speech against the us . 
  read a thread about wbc sometime . 
  it 's full of people saying `` they 're assholes but it 's their right . '', 
  ah ... so you 're judging someone based off national stereotypes of their flair ? 
  how very ... american of you :-), 
  i think supporting the massacre of civilians with a shirt that says `` i 'm a bomb '' is hate speech , it does n't have to be against the us . 
  if she dressed her baby in a shirt that said `` kill all the towelheads '' i 'd say she should get the exact same treatment . 
  yes , hence , good . 
  good . 
  that 's `` hate speech '' if i 've ever seen it . 
  france has laws around hate speech , and they need to be followed by * all * citizens . 
  she was n't being constructive at all , she clearly sought to provoke a reaction and , well , she got one . 
  it 'd be a fail if anyone did anything about it . 
  but nobody will , so ... d. 
  oh , i 'm definitely sure there would be lots of volunteers . 
  though i have to say , when actually faced with the possibility of the one-way mission i think that 78000 would be * massively * reduced . 
  yes , well , there 's a difference between [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d5x5adq.jpg ) kind of fighter and [ these ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/idiotsfightingthings/ ) kinds of fighters . 
  unfortunately all that seemed to be bullshit and just a publicity tool for a reality show :(, 
  get haring and stroopwaffles !, 
   shortly after midnight , a group of young men wearing black sweatshirts and camouflage trousers confronted the group in the caf\u00e9 and a scuffle ensued . 
   fyssas and his three friends initially managed to escape their attackers , but as they ran down the street , a car blocked their way . 
   the driver got off the car and stabbed the 34 year old at least three times on the footpath . 
  it seems a bit disingenuous to call that a football argument . 
  this was n't a heat-of-the-moment thing . 
  [ bbc is reporting football as well . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24141246 ) seems a little overly convenient that a noted anti-fascist musician was stabbed to death by a gd member on his doorstep by a group of * fifteen * . 
  was he arguing against them all ? 
  i really wish i 'd known this prior to visiting vilnius .
