  i guess it 's an excuse for another trip ? 
  i read his followup post here : http://www.garshol.priv.no/blog/253.html unfortunately it seems like lithuanian beers do n't travel too well . 
  i will still try to get my hands on some here in the uk though . 
  is homebrewing a popular hobby in lithuania , and , if so , are brewing supplies readily available ? 
  i wonder if i could try my hands at some lithuanian yeast and grain ... the one with peas in the wort sounds really interesting . 
  you should xpost this to / r/beer . 
  that 's not * that * bad . 
  i mean , it 's plenty to discourage poaching , but certainly not enough to murder over . 
  baltic porter is delicious . 
  it 's actually brewed with lager yeast , but it 's massively full-bodied and alcoholic , almost like an imperial stout . 
  [ we 'll just forget about this little incident . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_military_parade_in_brest-litovsk ), 
  aaah , ok . that makes sense . 
  there 's a similar region in my home state ( south carolina ) called the sandhills ; it 's the result of an ancient seashore . 
  does n't the definition of a desert have to do with annual precipitation rather than lack of vegitation ? 
  when i was traveling through europe , i found that the eurailpass was n't a great option for me since i had an idea of where i wanted to go . 
  booking in advance saved me quite a bit . 
  however , cheapest of all would have been a plane ( i was obstinate about going by train ) . 
  wow , i had no idea this existed . 
  [ google maps satellite link ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/vflx7 ) . 
  it looks almost like a `` reverse oasis '' -- a stretch of desert surrounded by green . 
  i have one in my kitchen in the uk . 
  it 's a pretty novel idea !, 
  i do n't really know ... moving from south carolina to san francisco was much more of a culture shock than moving from san francisco to the uk . 
  i found a source for you  http://www.funeralassistant.com/consumerinfo/cremation.htm#crem2 crematory furnaces are referred to as `` ovens '' . 
  i was mostly being facetious , but about editing my flair : i grew up in the usa , hold a us passport , and speak with an american accent , so i do n't really feel it 's proper to put my flair as british . 
  people would describe me as `` american '' even though i live in the uk . 
   we have sayings like `` get to work early , get to bed late , that 's how wealth was brought to home . '', 
  we have a similar saying . 
  `` early to bed and early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy , and wise . '', 
  it 's not american , though . 
  i live in the uk , i hear the * exact * same claims . 
  edit : and yes , `` oven '' is a less formal word for crematorium . 
  jews and ovens tv series ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  and the `` jews and ovens '' thing is just more of a semantic difference than anything ... it does n't change the reality of the holocaust . 
  and i 've never heard of that `` petroleum coming from dead dinosaurs '' thing . 
  honestly , it sounds like you have a pretty uninformed view of us culture and society ... 
  to be fair , this is n't unique to denmark whatsoever . 
  oh , come on . 
  the same shit exists in europe . 
  i moved from the us to the uk , and there are just as many uninformed idiots over here . 
  do n't paint it as an exclusively american problem : there are many , * many * extremely uninformed europeans . 
  conversely , though , i think it 's difficult for non-americans to appreciate the diversity of the usa . 
  i 'm not going to claim that the us is more diverse than the whole of europe , but , for example , it 's much more ethnically and humanly ( if that 's a word ? ), 
  diverse than the uk ( fyi , i live in the uk , and yes , i 'm taking scotland , ni , etc. 
  into account ) . 
  i 'm not at all sensitive about it , i was just trying to make a joke . 
  i 'm finding this whole thread pretty funny to be honest  it 's my favorite / r/europe thread since the leaf blower debacle . 
  i guess it depends on the region ? 
  here in the south ( at least , southampton and pompey ) i do n't think i 've seen a virgin train on the platforms . 
  southwest , southeastern , and occasionally cross country are all the ones i see at the platforms . 
  nobody hates europe ( or , at least , very few do ) . 
  also , to assume that * all * ( or even most , or even a very large portion ) of people hate europe out of jealousy or because of universal healthcare is ridiculous to the point of insanity !, 
  have you ever been to the us ? 
  or even ( gasp ! ), 
  met a real , live american ? 
  no , it 's the whole jealousy argument . 
  you think americans hate europe ( false premise ) because we 're so jealous of universal healthcare ? 
  it 's silliness , just like the hicks who claim al qaeda is just jealous of american excess . 
  `` they hate us for our freedoms !! '', 
  in case you want to know what you sound like , 
  yep , i live in europe , but apparently not being born here means i 'm not european master race . 
  it is weird . 
  i looked through the / r/worldnews thread , and everyone was singing the praises of the article . 
  belgian fries are the best fries . 
  british chips pale in comparison . 
  i hear that , while dancing in the streets of belgium brussels , they eat sprouts and raw mussels . 
  ah , ok , i thought you might know of any that were big enough to export . 
  i 'll keep an eye out, 
  wow , interesting . 
  i have n't heard of any breweries from sweden ; do you know of any swedish craft beers i could get in the uk ? 
  cans are better than bottles for the quality of beer . 
  it prevents light-striking . 
  also the fact that belgian beers are ridiculously high alcohol -- almost like wines . 
  when i first went to belgium , i went out to a bar and drank as if i were drinking porters or stouts ( my then-favorite style ) back home . 
  i had an appointment with the toilet that night . 
  i guess it has to do with history and production of alcohol ? 
  when i think of swedish alcohol , i think of aquavit rather than wine . 
  i 'm originally from sc . 
  i went up to asheville last christmas when i was visiting . 
  i was shocked to see the variety up there !, 
  highland was a particular favorite . 
  also , sierra nevada and lagunitas are opening up branches out there . 
  no problem , enjoy !, 
  also , try the pizza !, 
  chicago deep dish is by far my favorite style . 
  [ it 's almost like a meat pie ] ( http://chewoutloud.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/deep-dish-pizza-3.jpg ) . 
  i 'd imagine good beer would be harder to find in la ( fair warning : as a san franciscan i do n't really like la ) . 
  san diego has some awesome beers : if you like hops , stone brewery makes some super hopped ipas ( if you do n't , green flash makes a great double stout ) . 
  the * law * says you ca n't drink before 21 . 
  older siblings , shifty shopkeepers , fake ids , etc. 
  are ways to get around it . 
  most drinking is done at house parties rather than bars . 
  honestly , the law needs to change ... we trust 18-year-olds to run some of the military 's most advanced weapons systems , but they ca n't pick up a beer afterwards ? 
  in fact , in my home state , i could buy a semi-automatic weapon with a 30-round magazine without any registration before i could drink . 
  these days , virtually everywhere you go in the usa ( except utah and oklahoma ) will have a good selection of local craft beers . 
  there are a few hotspots though ... and lucky for you , chicago ( and the great lakes area ) is one of them  ( the asheville , nc area , mid-atlantic , denver , and the entire west coast are others ) . 
  i actually last lived in california , so i 'm not as familiar with great lakes breweries . 
  i know founders makes a lot of good stuff ( especially their kentucky breakfast stout ) and bell 's makes a really good ipa , bell 's two hearted .
