  sim-only plans do exist , though . 
  in fact , they 've recently shot up in popularity after the nexus 4 was released . 
  it is . 
  earlier versions were even worse -- it actually looks less like facebook now than it ever did before . 
  if i 'm trying to get away from american services due to concerns about civil liberties , russia probably wo n't be my first stop . 
  my friend works at skype in san francisco . 
  it 's international these days , though owned by an american firm . 
  in other news , water is still wet and the sky is still blue . 
  i 'm glad that 's done and over with !, 
  david cameron 's such a great guy , just ticking the problems off the list . 
  next up : david cameron solves economics !, 
  i 'm sure * prosecutions * of sexual offenses have increased in the last 20 years -- mainly due to better enforcement . 
  spousal rape , for example , used to be almost never prosecuted . 
  what used to be seen as a bit of inappropriate wrestling with a priest or uncle jimmy is now ( very deservedly ) viewed as a horrific , scarring act that damages a child for life . 
  plus , the spotlight has been shown on things like workplace sexual harassment or acquaintance rape . 
  and , yes , with the proliferation of technology , * obviously * child porn cases are going to go up -- that 's like complaining that fire should be banned due to the massive increase in burn cases after it was first harnessed . 
  i 've seen kinder joy eggs for sale here . 
  plus the cdc is headquartered near atlanta , i believe . 
  you could always try out [ red star os ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_star_os ) . 
  ironically enough , the nsa also released a bunch of security features ( fully open sourced ) for linux in their selinux package , making it even more secure . 
  it 's also been scrutinized by lots of different organizations , so , most likely , is pretty safe to use . 
   not necessarily !, 
  it depends on what they are doing , for most companies , there is actual saving involved rather than cost . 
  only for the basics . 
  if you have a company with a large enough system , the costs to completely switch to linux can be astronomical , especially if they 're a . net shop . 
  it involves , essentially , retraining your entire dev team from . net to java ( or your language of choice ) , rewriting all your applications from the ground up ( meaning you have a period of about a year where new features are n't being developed for your software ) , and switching out your entire server infrastructure . 
  the man-hours and business costs required to change at such a fundamental level can be huge . 
  i work in silicon valley . 
  i 've spoken to eu-based founders about this very issue ; it 's not just the availability of capital , but the ease of starting a business . 
  there 's not nearly the bureaucracy required to start a business in the states . 
  plus , it 's a bit of a self-reinforcing problem : lots of top-tier talent are already working in silicon valley , to hiring is much easier ... and the talent is in sv because of the startups . 
  as long as everybody 's naked and greased up , i 'm all for it . 
  what ? 
  i 'm moving to the uk in less than a month and i want to keep up with european happenings . 
  how does that make me a europhile ? 
  some of us live in europe ... 
   that they supported the ira annoys me like hell really ? 
  i do n't remember supporting the ira ... oh , wait , you mean the small minority of irish-americans in new england ? 
  yeah , that was a dick move by them . 
   i did learn the us put the british in debt during ww2 . 
  huh ... that seems to be a pretty skewed view of the marshall plan . 
  the loans the us extended to a lot of european nations were extremely generous ( interest-free or ~ 1 % interest ) . 
  without the mp , the path of post-war european development would be quite a bit different . 
  i mean , should the usa have forked over billions of dollars in aid * without * asking for anything in return ? 
  i do n't think anyone would agree with that . 
  the us senate used to be like this , too -- senators were originally appointed , and the house was elected . 
  i 'd say it would n't be such a bad system , but the appointments would be 100 % partisan . 
  thanks !, 
  very interesting . 
  but * radiation * . 
  i 'm living in a chinese investment property in san francisco at the moment . 
   i 'm 6 ' 6 '' do n't you mean 1.98 m ?!, 
  ah , an american calling out a norwegian for using imperial units on a pan-european subforum of an american website ... what a wonderful world we live in !, 
  i 'm 1.69 and blonde and it happened to me , so give it a shot  i also had a really weird chinese guy rub my arm for a while on a bus feeling my arm hair . 
  that was not as funny . 
  that 's what the fsb is for , 
  it 's popular even domestically in china . 
  i did a few months traveling throughout the country ; at every tourist site there 'd be massive buses with flag-bearing tour leaders leading large groups of chinese people throughout the attraction . 
  did you go to dottie 's in the mission ? 
  http://dotties.biz/menu/ it 's insane . 
  so good . 
  you 're still above us on the heretic scale . 
  we drink ours with lots of sugar and ice !, 
  definitely . 
  there 's far more undeveloped land in the us ; supply is more in line with demand , so it 's not at all uncommon to be able to buy a completely new build rather than a house that 's hundreds of years old . 
  plus , the us has more of a `` car culture '' , leading to more spread-out cities , and there was never really a culture of hereditary ownership in the states . 
  in cities like san francisco or new york ( especially manhattan ) , though , real estate is incredibly expensive !, 
  israel spies against everyone . 
  in fact , israel 's the only us ally ( edit : that i know of ) ever to attack and sink a us intelligence-gathering vessel . 
  i 've been to talinn and had no problems whatsoever . 
  i speak about as much estonian as a potato . 
  i usually try french first , and usually people will respond in english  i had a great time in rennes without a language problem . 
  really , anywhere in western europe will be ok . 
  except newcastle ... 
  not just the uk and the us : australia , new zealand , and canada . 
  the whole anglosphere sigint team is cooperating . 
  other than not defending it , obama had nothing to do with the supreme court decision . 
  depends on your state . 
  if you 're not in a battleground , your vote does n't matter anyway . 
  might as well vote 3rd party . 
  i did n't consider gay marriage at all . 
  i 'll take your points one by one ...  unemployment is still record-high for record-long , economy is sluggish well , we 're doing better than europe . 
  the world just recovered from the second-greatest systemic collapse in world history . 
  in addition ... well , to be honest , i do n't believe the president * really * has that much of an effect on the economy . 
   health-care costs are bout to significantly increase ( especially for young healthy males ) yes , they will slightly increase , because insurance companies are no longer allowed to discriminate based on preexisting conditions . 
  i think this is a necessary burden , and one that i 'm happy to pay for lower healthcare costs overall . 
   abuse of powers at the irs ( that is still unpunished ) have you been keeping up with the news on the irs ? 
  they were targeting liberal groups ( with names like `` occupy '' and such ) just as much . 
  and , like above , i do n't think the president of the united states sits down at his desk and tells individual irs bureaucrats how to do their jobs . 
   cronyism of solyndra it failed , that sucks , but there 's no way they could compete with cheap panels from china . 
   stimulus without shovel-ready jobs there has been some mismanagement of the stimulus , but , in general , it did stimulate . 
   detoriation of economic liberties what do you mean , exactly ? 
   war on coal , war on other affordable sources of energy as far as the war on coal , i think it 's a necessary evil . 
  i 'd like to see more of the power grid transitioned to nuclear . 
  if , by affordable sources of energy , you mean fracking ... well , i have mixed feelings on fracking . 
  i do n't know how bad it really is . 
  the arguments against it seem unsupported , but i have n't heard a great deal of evidence * for * it either . 
  if you mean the oil sands pipeline , i disagreed with obama on that . 
  i do n't blame him for the european wiretapping ( which i 'm * strongly * against , i should make clear ) . 
  i 'm sure he did not know the extent the nsa and gchq were spying on europe .
