  i do n't know about other eu nations . 
  in my experience it 's more common in the east . 
  i 've seen it in ukraine , russia , china , and mongolia . 
  i * seem * to remember seeing it in latvia as well , but i do n't quite recall . 
   if they throw some money into a region that may or may not have had that fantastic infrastructure to begin with - good on them just fyi , sochi is n't a poor backwater getting a much-needed facelift and infrastructure renewal . 
  it 's a tourist town and the domestic playground of russia 's rich and famous . 
  i almost wish it * was * in one of russia 's poorer eastern regions . 
  it would be nice to see some infrastructural development in the east . 
  huh , i had always thought poland was part of the vwp . 
  apparently they 're on a roadmap to entry . 
  hopefully that happens soon . 
  i understand what you mean , and i think that has occurred for * some * aspects of american culture , but i think there is plenty of culturally american food , art , etc that can still be called american . 
  to take the british , for example , there 's still a distinct british culture in spite of the fact that english has taken over the world . 
  the same exists in the us . 
   one example would be when republicans started discussing our healthcare and saying how `` stephen hawking would be dead if he was british '' - not realising he was born and raised in cambridge , uk it was a pretty cringeworthy moment when that republican made that comparison , but i do n't see how that relates at all to your original point . 
  if anything , it seems like a counterexample to the point you raised . 
  i 've experienced it during the world cup , also during eurovision . 
  it was certainly puzzling as i did n't understand anything , but i did n't get angry about it . 
  i do n't mind if people get a bit irritated by the coverage , but surely you understand it 's a very big deal for americans , somewhat like the world cup for many other nations or the uefa championships in europe . 
  it 's natural that people would want to talk about it . 
  do you also get angry at christmas when people post about that ? 
  people have a weird thing with coke ads and christmas in the uk , too . 
  parts of american culture are globalized , but i do n't believe the fact that friends is shown in laos cheapens the works of nathaniel hawthorne , william faulkner , herman melville , or john steinbeck . 
  and while things like the hamburger have truly become global , there are other foods whose american identity is more tightly held , e.g. 
  i think that relates to the point that the op was making : american culture is so pervasive that it almost * has * become a default , to the point that many other countries have been adopting and adapting certain american cultural tropes and works ( and doing it quite well ) . 
  i think the turn based nature of play is what sets it apart from games like football , basketball , etc. 
  the realignments place more emphasis on formations and field position , and the padding allows play to be more explosive and hits to be harder . 
  personally i think the two games complement each other quite well . 
  i like american football for the constant strategizing about positioning from the coaches and quarterback , and rugby/football for the individual wit and alertness required from each player . 
  exactly , you ca n't really identify with italians when you do n't speak italian . 
  i accept that italian americans are a distinct subculture , but the '' - american '' suffix * has * to be there . 
  she likely has far more in common with me than some italian person . 
  not just those , but things like moby dick , citizen kane , east of eden , gumbo , jambalaya , texmex , chicago style pizza , soul food ... 
  i find it difficult that anyone could say there 's no american culture . 
  there have been a lot of great works of art and culture that have originated in the us ( and other former colonial nations like canada and australia ) , and i guess i find it insulting to those artists , authors , chefs , and composers when they 're told `` oh you do n't * really * have a culture '' . 
  i do n't understand why she expects others to understand she 's `` italian '' . 
  just say `` italian-american '' . 
  there is a separate subculture , but italian americans are ( usually ) far more american then italian . 
  nobody calls the super bowl a world cup ... 
  i agree , they are very different . 
  basketball seems to be a more natural rival for european football than af . 
  well , the adverts are unique to the super bowl , since it 's the most-watched television event in the us . 
  i do n't particularly find it telling that it 's famous for the adverts ... the championship game , i do n't think , reflects on the sport as a whole . 
  it does have a complex ruleset that can seem baffling to someone not familiar with the game , so i can absolutely see why people would find the game boring if they do n't know the rules . 
  one of the beauties of football ( not american football ) is the simplicity of the game : you can explain the game to a casual observer and they 'll be able to understand the majority of what 's going on after watching a single match . 
  i do n't think the two are actually all that different , 
  completely agreed , and generally those same americans have no clue of the structure of leagues , intricacies of rules , etc. 
  i 've never followed much sport , mainly just american football , but i 'm getting quite interested in football . 
  i still do n't watch games , but the international nature of it is fascinating . 
  also , i * love * the concept of relegation . 
  in the end it 's just a game . 
  i do n't see why people get so * angry * at what other people like to watch over their weekends . 
  it is n't exactly like chess to be sure , but it does have some similarities in the way players are arranged , etc. 
  it 's a very strategic game ; each position of every player is meticulously calculated and planned . 
  i get not liking the game , that 's fine . 
  but maybe do n't be so condescending about it before actually learning the rules and strategy . 
  i definitely get that . 
  you need an understanding of the game for it to make sense . 
  often , when you see guys just standing around , there are very complex lines of communication and strategic interplay going in between the players and coaches . 
  it definitely seems like they 're just doing fuck all before you know what 's going on . 
  it 's a bit like a chess match . 
  you would definitely find it boring and just think it 's guys sitting on chairs unless you knew the rules . 
  i do n't have problems with people not liking the sport , i just think it 's funny when people get so angry and call it stupid before understanding what 's going on . 
  so many people seem to get viscerally * angry * about american football . 
  ok , so it may not be a lot of peoples ' cup of tea ... i am just surprised by the hairbrained idiots who go around shouting about how dumb it is ( usually without understanding the game at all and thinking it 's just `` rugby with padding '' ) . 
  just do n't watch it if you do n't like it , it 's on at fuck-off o'clock in the morning in europe anyway . 
  nobody is forcing you . 
  though i guess cultural tact and intelligence are a little too much to ask from sports fans ;-) * ducks *, 
  `` my ball-centered sport is better than your ball-centered sport ! '', 
  oh my god , it 's * radiation * . 
  i hear that stuff will kill you !, 
  the nsa has two official missions . 
  signals intelligence is the famous one . 
  they 're also responsible for information assurance -- that is , protecting classified information from foreign attackers . 
  they develop lots of open source encryption and security projects like selinux . 
  `` let me tell you about your country ... '', 
  / r/worldnews is a horrible cross section of opinion . 
  my thoughts are the latter . 
  i ca n't see coursera making much difference in the education levels of citizens ( not to disparage moocs , there are just loads of other platforms out there ) . 
  i think it 's just that , as a private entity , they 're bound by some over-broad legislation written by those who did n't foresee the globalizing potential of a site like coursera . 
  hopefully this gets fixed , but i ca n't see anyone being interested in touching export laws with midterm elections around the corner :-(, 
  there are loads of other companies that exist solely to provide those invitations . 
  i went to russia on a `` business visa '' even though i do n't have any business in russia : it was the only way i could get a  1 month stay there . 
  i went to visit the `` moscow institute for the innovation of technology '' , which is just a company built solely to provide those invitations to foreigners . 
  the authorities know , but as long as the fees are paid and it looks right on paper they do n't care . 
  would you support the same embargoes against the uk , canada , and australia ? 
  that 's probably why so many in the linked thread are taking about / r/europe being `` aware '' . 
  hopefully this leads some of the worst offenders to tone down their rhetoric . 
  i 'm a huge fan of space cooperation , regardless of who the cooperators are . 
  i 'd personally love to see joint missions with china . 
  the taikonauts have their own thing going now and it 'd be lovely to bring them into the iss fold . 
  sorry -- i misread `` until '' as `` since '' . 
  i know tumble driers exist . 
  it 's just that they 're not nearly as common . 
  i ended up not buying one after taking to some friends about it and even trying one . 
  do you honestly believe i thought that technology of tumble drying was unknown to the united kingdom ? 
  please point to where i say that there are no tumble driers ; i said i missed mine in the us , that 's all . 
  value tumble dryers in the uk are slower and not as effective , so people here generally dry their washing in the open air . 
  i said that i missed the more powerful ( but much greater energy-consuming ) tumble-dryers in the us as i could get multiple loads of laundry finished and folded in a single day . 
  hyuk hyuk ok , i 'll just sit over here eatin ' my burgers .
